<doc id="21462026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462026" title="Neil Whatmore">
Neil Whatmore

Neil Whatmore (born 17 May 1955) is an English former footballer who played as a striker. He made 449 appearances in the Football League and scored 150 goals, playing for Bolton Wanderers, Birmingham City, Oxford United, Burnley and Mansfield Town. He is perhaps best known for his four separate spells at Bolton Wanderers in the 1980s.
Career.
Whatmore was born in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire. He made his debut for Bolton in what was then the Football League Third Division as an amateur, after coming through the club's youth system. He scored twice in this game, an away game at Swansea City. Bolton secured the divisional title that year and he scored thirty one goals four years later in promotion to the First Division. 
On promotion to the top division, Bolton's first choice forward line became Alan Gowling and Frank Worthington and Whatmore played in midfield for a season before being pushed forward again, scoring eighteen goals although Bolton were relegated.
Birmingham City signed him for £350,000 to reunite him with Worthington, but the pair failed to gel, and Whatmore played only rarely. When Ron Saunders took over as manager, both players fell from favour, but Whatmore stayed another year, some of which he spent on loan at Oxford United and for three months at Bolton, before being sold to Oxford United. The emergence of John Aldridge meant Whatmore was surplus to requirements after a season and, after a second loan spell at Bolton, he joined Burnley in a part-exchange deal with Billy Hamilton before moving on to Mansfield Town a few months later. When he was released after two-and-a-half years he spent his fourth and final spell at Burnden Park, an anonymous fan coming up with his wages, but he did not make the team and re-signed for Mansfield Town on a non-contract basis as reserve team coach and occasional player. In 1988 he moved into non-league football with Worksop Town, and later coached in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="21462038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462038" title="Lyon Dubai City">
Lyon Dubai City

Lyon Dubaï City is a major project being developed by the city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The first phase, projected for completion in 2010, will consist of the reproduction in Dubai of some of Lyon's neighborhoods and many cultural partnerships between the two cities.

</doc>
<doc id="21462039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462039" title="Arena Park Shopping Centre">
Arena Park Shopping Centre

Arena Park Shopping Centre is a shopping park in Coventry, England. It is located in the north of the city and adjacent to the boundary with the Nuneaton and Bedworth district of Warwickshire. It was constructed at the same time as the neighbouring Ricoh Arena, from which it takes its name. It was built upon the site of the former Foleshill Gasworks which encompassed the area of the Shopping Centre and the Ricoh Arena. It is owned by Tesco Stores Limited. It is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Arena Shopping Park.
Transport.
The shopping park can be accessed from the A444 Phoenix Way, which links it to Coventry city centre, Bedworth, Nuneaton and the M6 Junction 3. 
The Shopping Centre is served by a number of bus routes, some serving the bus hub at the southern edge of the site, and some serving the site from Longford Road (B4113). The routes serving Longford Road are those connecting Coventry with Bedworth, Nuneaton, Atherstone or Leicester and other parts of the city, these are also operated by Stagecoach in Warwickshire or National Express Coventry. The routes serving the bus hub in the centre link it with the city centre and other suburbs, route 4 connects it to University Hospital Coventry. All routes are operated by National Express Coventry.
Retailers.
The centre is split into two distinct areas, firstly the shopping park containing the larger units, and secondly the mall along the front of the Tesco Extra store containing smaller units. The tenants in the Shopping Park section are Marks and Spencer, Boots, next, New Look and Starbucks. The mall contains the centre's Tesco Extra store, Game, Johnsons Dry Cleaners, Phones 4U, Elliot Reeve, The Carphone Warehouse, Clinton Cards, Shoezone, Coventry Building Society and Thomson Holidays. It is also home to the Arena Park Library. It formerly contained a Borders bookstore with a Starbucks, this was from the opening of the centre until the chain went into administration and all stores were closed on 23 December 2009. In July 2010, it was announced that New Look were to move into the former Borders store. Their store opened on 9 September 2010, including a Starbucks Coffee.
Fast food outlets located on the periphery of the car park include, Pizza Hut and Burger King. The Tesco petrol station is also located adjacent to these outlets.
In 2012 A joint venture between Aviva Investors and Tesco is undertaking a 60,000 sq ft extension to the Coventry Arena Shopping Park after signing two prelets. Sports retailer Decathlon will open a 30,000 sq ft store and Next Home a 10,000 sq ft shop.

</doc>
<doc id="21462052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462052" title="Four Last Songs (film)">
Four Last Songs (film)

Four Last Songs is a 2007 British comedy-drama film starring Stanley Tucci, Rhys Ifans and Hugh Bonneville, and written and directed by Francesca Joseph.
The film's title is taken from "Four Last Songs", 1948 composition of Richard Strauss, surrounding acceptance of death.
Plot.
Larry (Stanley Tucci), an ex-pat piano player, settled in a remote island village seven years ago. Now he runs a small boutique hotel with his girlfriend, Miranda (Jessica Hynes). Every evening he plays the piano at a local restaurant to inattentive customers; all this has left him highly unsatisfied, and he has always wanted to do something big in life. So one day he decides to host a gala concert dedicated to a native son and noted composer, Valentin Lucinsky, whose widow Veronica (Marisa Paredes) still resides in a grand villa in the village. 
At first Larry manages to convince Veronica to allow the concert to be held at the local amphitheatre, where famous pianist Narcisco Ortega (Virgile Bramly) would play her late great spouse's music, 'chosen by her'. Though soon things start to go awry, as his long lost daughter Frankie (Jena Malone) arrives out of the blue, looking for him, another social-climber, Sebastian Burrows (Hugh Bonneville), latches on to the project convincing Veronica to give it to him and Larry's girlfriend grows suspicious of his relationship with the composer's former muse, Helena (Emmanuelle Seigner), who leads a secluded life on the island. As the movie progresses several sub plots reveal a variety of estrangements between various key characters, and gradually they are healed amidst the rising melodrama surrounding the concert.
Production.
The film was shot entirely on location on the island of Mallorca (Majorca) in the Mediterranean Sea - part of the Balearic Islands archipelago, in Spain. The Spanish version of the film is titled 'Mallorca's Song'.

</doc>
<doc id="21462055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462055" title="Bancoumana">
Bancoumana

Bancoumana or Bankoumana is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune includes the town and 13 villages. At the time of the 2009 census it had a population of 21,714. The town of Bancoumana lies on the left bank of the River Niger 60 km southwest of Bamako, the Malian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="21462067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462067" title="I Went to a Marvellous Party">
I Went to a Marvellous Party

"I Went to a Marvellous Party" (sometimes known as "I've Been to a Marvellous Party") is a song with words and music by Noël Coward, written in 1938, and included in the review "Set to Music". Although a melody exists, the text is most often recited over a piano accompaniment. Out of Noël Coward's approximately 300 songs, this piece is one of his most popular, ranking among the top 30 in royalty potential.
Description.
The lyrics of "I Went to a Marvellous Party" are a first-person description of five parties attended by the singer on the French Riviera. The character of the song is humorous and giddy. It has been suggested that the activities described in the lyrics were typical of the "frantic, addleheaded search for amusement" of the Train bleu society, which flocked to the Riviera each summer in the 1920s and '30s. 
Noël Coward composed this song after he and Beatrice Lillie attended a beach party given by Elsa Maxwell in the south of France, an event which his memory placed in either 1937 or 1938. The lyrics in the first stanza are based on a real life experience of Coward and Lillie: The two were invited to "come as they were," but on arriving they discovered the other guests were formally dressed. Perhaps this explains why the singer claims it was hell to stay dressed as they were. "Poor Grace" in the first stanza is a reference to Grace Moore, the opera singer and movie actress, who was also a guest. The song was first sung by Bea Lillie in the revue "Set to Music" in 1939.
Although the text is published in various collections of Noël Coward songs, Coward's own recording from 1956, heard on the "Noël Coward Album", contains variations from the printed page. When written out, this version does not scan well. However, Coward maintains the major textual stresses in performance and fits added words and phrases before and after the stresses. He also places the second verse after the second stanza, instead of after the third, as it appears in the sheet music.
The song appeared in the David Niven film "Better Late Than Never" (1982), in which Niven appeared as an ageing cabaret artiste performing to an indifferent French Riviera audience.
Sheet music.
The song is published separately as sheet music or in a number of collections, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21462073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462073" title="Bhattarika Temple">
Bhattarika Temple

Bhattarika Temple, located in sasanga village, baramba, Athgarh, Cuttack District, India is dedicated to the Hindu Goddess Maa Bhattarika worshipped as a manifestation of Shakti. The temple is situated on the banks of the River Mahanadi. As per Puranic tradition Parasuram facing certain defeat at the hands of Saharasjuna prayed to Durga who appeared on this spot to impart her divine power to the aid of Parashuram
Shakta Pitha Bhattarika of Badamba, in the district of Cuttack, is one of the notable holy place of Orissa, India. This sacred pitha is associated with Devi Bhattarika. The river Mahanadi the longest river of Orissa flows in the side of the temple of the Bhattarika. The river is deep here. In the foot of the Ratnagiri hill temple of Bhattarika is located. River Mahanadi, Ratnagirihill, temple of Bhattarika, and famous places like Narayana, Nilamadhava, Vindhyavasini, Simhanath attract thousands of Pilgrims, devotees and tourists.Near MMA Mahakali temple in Dasharathi pur G.P (kharoda)holi place in baramba.

</doc>
<doc id="21462074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462074" title="Sicilian regional election, 1947">
Sicilian regional election, 1947

The Sicilian regional election of 1947 took place on 20 April 1947. They were the first-ever election of the Sicilian Parliament.
The electoral alliance between the Italian Communist Party and the Italian Socialist Party was the most voted list. However, after the election Giuseppe Alessi and, later, Franco Restivo, both Christian Democrats, governed the Region at the head of broad centrist coalitions.
Results.
Electoral system: proportional representation with Hare quota
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21462079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462079" title="Hizbul Islam">
Hizbul Islam

Hizbul Islam ("Islamic Party"), also known as Hizbul Islaami, Hisbi Islam, or Hezb-ul Islam is a Somali Islamist insurgent group. It was formed after four Islamist groups merged to fight the new Somali government of President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed. The four groups were: Hassan Aweys' ARS-A, Jabhatul Islamiya ("Islamic Front"), Hassan Abdullah Hersi al-Turki's Mu'askar Ras Kamboni (Ras Kamboni Brigade) and Muaskar Anole, the Harti clan's militia. These groups previously took part in the Islamist Insurgency against Ethiopia and the TFG. In December 2010, Hizbul merged into Al-Shabaab, under the name 'Al-Shabaab', after conflict between the two groups, but re-separated in September 2012.
The group has been compared to the Taliban of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
History.
Start.
Hizbul Islam was formed in January 2009 by a merger of four groups, with Ali Yassin Mohamed among its founders.
On 7 February 2009, Hizbul announced that it would continue fighting the new government led by President Sharif Sheik Ahmed and the African Union forces in Mogadishu. Omar Iman, the group's first chairman, said, "the so-called government led by Sharif Sheik Ahmed is not different from the one of Abdullahi Yusuf" and that they would continue the holy war (Jihad).
Three weeks later, it appeared that Hizbul Islam would sign a ceasefire with the Transitional Federal Government. However, by 1 March it was clear that no ceasefire would be given, despite President Sharif Ahmed having agreed to proposals for a truce and having offered to accept the implementation of sharia law.
Sheikh Omar Iman Abubakar, a high-ranking official of the Eritrea-based faction of the Alliance for the Reliberation of Somalia, was initially appointed as the group's chairman. He, however, later resigned for Sheikh Aweys to take his position. On 20 December 2010, Hizbul Islam was described as "disbanded" as Sheikh Aweys surrendered to al-Shabaab and agreed to merge the two groups.
Internal struggle, 2009.
The groups first internal power struggle lasted from March to May 2009. Two months after it was formed, an apparent power struggle in Hizbul Islam emerged. At a press conference in Mogadishu, a group claiming to represent Hizbul Islam announced that Sheikh Mohamed Hassan Ahmed, another Islamic cleric, had replaced Omar Iman as chairman of the group. The press conference, on 24 March, was attended by several important members of Hizbul Islam, most notably the notorious ex-warlord Yusuf Mohammed Siad Inda'ade (Indho Ade). Sheik Da'ud Mohamed Abtidon, who claimed to be the new spokesman for the group accused Omar Iman of refusing to accept the Islamic scholars' calls for a ceasefire, in return for AMISOM's withdrawal. Indho Ade was quoted as saying ""The group Islam has agreed to remove Sheikh Omar Iman since he made a mistake and violated the group's laws."" Sheikh Mohamed Hassan Ahmed declared a ceasefire and entered negotiations for implementation of sharia law and AMISOM's withdrawal in return for joining the government.
However, Hassan Dahir Aweys, the group's most powerful figure, rejected the claims made by Indo Ade that Sheikh Omar Iman had been removed as chairman. He was quoted as saying ""No one can take authority away from Sheikh Omar Iman, because the group Islam appointed him as chairman."" Aweys said that Indo Ade and the others from the press conference should form their own group instead of doing what he described as "trying to destroy Hizbul Islam. Prior to this Sheikh Omar Iman had denied that Indho Ade was the group's defence secretary.
This led to the division of Hizbul Islam, with one group led by Indho Ade and the other led by Hassan Aweys (with Omar Iman as chairman).
On 21 April 2009, Anole and the Ras Kamboni brigades fought each other in a village called Abdalla Birole, which lies 40 km west of Kismayo. This happened after Anole fighters invaded a village called Bulo Haji, while Ras Kamboni Brigade fighters arrived in Abdalla Birole and they clashed. The situation in the two villages was said to be tense, 4 people were killed and 7 injured during the fighting.
On 4 May, al-Shabaab and members of the main faction of Hizbul Islam, led by Hassan Aweys and Omar Iman, attacked a base used by Indho Ade's group of Hizbul Islam. Indho Ade's lieutenants claimed that al-Shabaab and Hizbul Islam trying to expand territory into areas under the control of Indho Ade's milita.
Eight days later, Indho Ade handed over his arms to Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys, ending the group's division. However, soon after, he defected to the government. On 26 May, Omar Iman Abubakr stepped down as chairman and handed over his position to Sheikh Aweys, who was by then clearly the most powerful figure in the group.
Defeat by al-Shabaab 2009-2010.
In October 2009 the group underwent division with one faction fighting and losing to al-Shabaab. The group ended up surrendering to and joining al-Shabaab in December 2010.
On 1 October 2009, armed conflict between Hizbul Islam and al-Shabaab began in a dispute between the a faction of the Ras Kamboni Brigades and al-Shabaab over who was in charge of Kisimayo. ARS-A and JABISO, which were aligned with al-Shabaab in Mogadishu and the central Somalian Hiran region, refused to support the Ras Kamboni Brigades, meanwhile Anole remained neutral. It also led to a split within the Ras Kamboni Brigades, with a faction led by Ahmed "Madoobe" starting the war against al-Shabaab and a faction led by Hassan "Turki" siding with al-Shabaab. The battle of Kisimayo was decisively won by al-Shabaab which expelled Madbobe's Ras Kamboni Brigade forces from the city. In the battles that followed, in November 2009, Madobe's forces were overpowered by al-Shabaab and local allies and forced to withdraw from the Lower Jubba region and most of Southern Somalia. In February 2010, al-Turki's branch declared a merge with al-Shabaab.
A decisive clash in Hiran, in early 2010, was won by al-Shabaab, which then took control of the area. Late in the year, Hizbul Islam were expelled from Bay region as well, after al-Shabaab seized control of Bur Hakab. Soon after Hizbul Islam was forced to surrender Luq town to al-Shabaab after which it was announced that Hizbul Islam would merge with al-Shabaab. From mid-December al-Shabaab fighters started taking over Hizbul Islam positions. On 20 December, Hizbul Islam officially surrendered to al-Shabaab and a merger, retaining the name 'Al-Shabaab', was confirmed by Hizbul Islam chairman Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys and official spokesman Sheikh Mohammad Osman Arus.
2012 split from al-Shabaab.
In late September 2012, after al-Shabab had suffered a number of military setbacks as well as criticism as the presumed hand behind the shooting of parliamentarian Mustafa Haji Maalim, Hizbul Islam announced that it was leaving the al-Shabab organisation. The move was due to long-standing ideological differences, such as the group's opposition to the use of foreign jihadis, according to its spokesman, and was described as "a significant setback for al-Shabab". The spokesman said it still wanted the African Union mission to leave Somalia but welcomed the new president and parliament as a "positive development".
Leadership.
Other leaders:

</doc>
<doc id="21462091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462091" title="Last Train to Mahakali">
Last Train to Mahakali

Last Train to Mahakali (1999) is short film written and directed by Indian film director-screenwriter Anurag Kashyap. It was made for the Star Plus television series Star Bestsellers and was first telecast in 1999. The film won the Special Jury Award at the 8th Annual Star Screen Awards. In 2005, the film was one of the four short films screened at an event organized by "Films Anonymous" at Hyderabad.
The film tells the story of a doctor on death row who claims to have discovered a permanent cure for any virus-based disease and stars Kay Kay Menon and Nivedita Bhattacharya.
Production.
Anurag Kashyap made "Last Train to Mahakali" in a moment of disenchantment. Kashyap's brother - Abhinav - was doing a television show and he used Kashyap's name to promote it. He advised Kashyap to contact television channel Star Plus and ask them for work. Kashyap followed the advice and narrated a story to the channel. Those days (1999) "Plus" was doing a series - Star Bestsellers - which showcased the work of young-and-upcoming writers and directors. Kashyap was a brand because he had written the scripts for three Ramgopal Varma films including the blockbuster Satya. So they agreed immediately to the idea. Kashyap was to make a short film for "Bestsellers".
Kashyap contacted cinematographer Natarajan (Nutty); he had liked Nutty's work in the music videos of band Euphoria. And they shot the entire film over a period of three-four days. The shooting inside a train was done using a DV camera that Kashyap borrowed from a friend who was working as a producer at Channel V, after promising him a role in the film.
Reception.
The film was aired on "Star Plus" and was well received by the audience; the shooting style, more than the story, was appreciated. It won the Special Jury Award at the 8th Annual Star Screen Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21462107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462107" title="Dirona albolineata">
Dirona albolineata

Dirona albolineata is a species of sea slug, an Eastern Pacific Ocean nudibranch, a marine, opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Dironidae.
This species feeds on bryozoans.
Description.
This species, like others in the genus, is translucent with large, broad cerata. The color varies from white through rose pink to a rufus shade.
They are carnivores that feed mostly on small crustaceans and snails, and can grow to be 180 mm (7 inches) in length.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from Alaska to San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21462117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462117" title="Bekir Ozan Has">
Bekir Ozan Has

Bekir Ozan Has (born 18 February 1985) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Süper Lig club Gaziantepspor. He was one of the young players of Bursaspor whom coach Samet Aybaba trusted and gave the opportunity to play 2007–2008 season. He's regarded as a promising central midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="21462118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462118" title="Dorothea Maria Lösch">
Dorothea Maria Lösch

Dorothea Maria Lösch (1730 – 2 February 1799), was a Swedish master mariner, known for the incident during the Russo-Swedish War (1788–90) in which she commandeered a Swedish ship during a crisis. She was the first female in Sweden to be given the rank of a sea captain. Her name have also been spelled Losch and Läsch. 
Dorothea Maria Lösch was the daughter of the goldsmith Henrik Jakob Losch from Stockholm and Dorothea Maria Beyms and married in 1756 to the Finnish sea captain Mårten Johan Thesleff: her spouses name was also spelled Theslöf or Theslef. She had eleven children during her marriage. She was the author of a medical book of how to treat small pocks, "Beskrivning af et bepröfvat medel emot Kopp-ärr" (Stockholm, 1765). 
Dorothea Maria Lösch took over and commanded the ship "Armida" to safety after its officers had been killed or abandoned it during the Battle of Svensksund 9 July 1790. For this act, she was awarded with the rank of a master mariner of the Swedish fleet, something unique for a woman of this period. Although this was a pure ceremonial title, she was nevertheless the first woman in such a position. 

</doc>
<doc id="21462127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462127" title="Tour Oxygène">
Tour Oxygène

The Tour Oxygène (Oxygen Tower in English) is a skyscraper which rises 28 levels in the district of La Part-Dieu in the 3rd arrondissement of Lyon, France. It forms part of the Oxygen Project, which includes the office tower and a shopping center, the "Cours Oxygène". The tower rises 115 meters high.
This zone is served by the metro line 
Project.
Rising to 115 m high and with 80% glass area, the tower is smaller than its close neighbor, the Part-Dieu tower (165 meters at the top of the pyramid), but dominates the Swiss Tower (82 meters) which directly faces. It has 28,794 m² of offices where two-thirds, 16,000 m² from the first to the 17th floor, are already reserved by the SNCF, which wants to install the seat of its national leadership computing.
The extension of the shopping center La Part Dieu (the "Oxygen Course") adds a sales area of 11,040 m² to the current center (including 2,000 m² reserved by Monoprix).
The promoter is the group Sogelym Steiner and businesses are GFC Construction and Bouygues Construction Privée. Anticipating the construction of one floor every four days, the group used two types of cranes: two Potain tower cranes (MD 365 B L16 of 16 tons and MDT 222 J12 of 12 tons), and the proximity of the shopping center site with the tower required the use of two other cranes (MR 225A of 14 tons).
The tower contains eighty workstations per tray of 1,000 m² each located on twenty-eight floors served by seven lifts. On May 4, 2010, the new mall reached 15 000m ² with 25 new shops.

</doc>
<doc id="21462135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462135" title="List of awards and nominations received by Mötley Crüe">
List of awards and nominations received by Mötley Crüe

Mötley Crüe are an American Music Award-winning Heavy Metal/Hard Rock band, and have nominated for a MTV Video Music Award and a Grammy Award. They were induced into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2006.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards was created by Dick Clark in 1973 and is awarded annually. Mötley Crüe has received one awards out of four nominations
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.
Mötley Crüe has received three Grammy nominations, 
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Mötley Crüe has received one nominations.
Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Mötley Crüe was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21462141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462141" title="Tuntanain Communal Reserve">
Tuntanain Communal Reserve

The Tuntanain Communal Reserve () is a protected area in Peru located in the Amazonas Region.

</doc>
<doc id="21462161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462161" title="NITZ">
NITZ

NITZ, or Network Identity and Time Zone, is a mechanism for provisioning local time and date, as well as network provider identity information, to mobile devices via a wireless network. NITZ has been an optional part of the official GSM standard since phase 2+ release 96. NITZ is often used to automatically update the system clock of mobile phones.
In terms of standards and other timing or network access protocols such as NTP or CDMA2000, the quality and enforcement of NITZ is weak. This standard allows the network to "transfer its current identity, universal time, DST and LTZ" but each is optional, and support across RAN vendor and operator varies. This presents a problem for device manufacturers, who are required to maintain a complex timezone database, rather than rely on the network operator. Additionally, unlike 3GPP2, which transmits GPS-sourced, millisecond resolution time via the sync channel, for NITZ, the "accuracy of the time information is in the order of minutes.".
Supported phones.
Some mobile phones support automatically updating their date and time via NITZ, but this is not required. Phones that support this feature include:
Carriers supporting NITZ.
NITZ is supported by many carriers around the world, including:
Carriers not supporting NITZ.
NITZ is not supported by some carriers around the world, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21462168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462168" title="Mobimii">
Mobimii

mobimii is a free mobile social networking service that is available on multiple platforms, the World Wide Web, WAP and as a Java ME downloadable application
History.
In March 2007, Fontera, the mobile marketing company launched Mobimii, a mobile social utility.
Business model.
Mobimii is an off-portal site which means there is no collaboration between Mobimii and any mobile network operator. Site access and usage is free, operator’s data transfer charges excluded.
Mobimii is funded by mobile advertising. Mobile web banners and text links are shown throughout the site, full color full screen splash ads are displayed each time the Java ME application is launched and messages of up to 80 characters are included in any SMS text messages sent out by Mobimii.
Features.
Mobiimii started off as a mobile social network, but became more focused on facilitating mobile connectivity to existing Instant Messaging platforms and bigger social networks (like Facebook and Myspace). The main feature is the downloadable Java ME application that allows all users to interact with one another. The application lets users communicate with their IM contacts (including MSN Messenger, GTalk, ICQ), social networking friends and other Mobimii users with a single login.
Mobimii also offers photo galleries for users to post and share their pictures directly from their camera phones, as well as a free mobile content service with thousands of ringtones, wallpapers, screensavers, videos and approximately 2,500 free mobile games. 
Users are able to access their social networking profiles and can set up a combined mobile feed made up of all of their social network feeds. In some countries free SMS is also offered to users.
Technology.
The site is available on all Java ME and mobile internet enabled phones anywhere in the world as well as on the World Wide Web for those who don’t have phones, or are not within coverage range.
Collaborations.
Fontera has now started licensing the Mobimii software and it is currently being used by Soccer Laduma, Thunda.com, SABC and other companies. Each partner site is set up using the Mobimii software as a base with customer specific components added to the sites.

</doc>
<doc id="21462177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462177" title="Typhoon Amang">
Typhoon Amang

The name Amang has been used in the Philippines by PAGASA in the Western Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="21462185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462185" title="David Montero">
David Montero

David Montero Petracca (born 16 January 1974 in Stuttgart, West Germany) is a retired Spanish football player.
Career.
He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt. Before 1998 he was known as David Petracca.

</doc>
<doc id="21462191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462191" title="Apostrophe Protection Society">
Apostrophe Protection Society

The Apostrophe Protection Society is a UK society that has "the specific aim of preserving the correct use of this currently much abused punctuation mark". It was founded in 2001 by John Richards, a retired sub-editor, in response to his observations of widespread incorrect use of the apostrophe.
The website includes many examples of apostrophe abuse, but is intended to help correct, rather than chide, offenders. Richards has a standard, polite letter that explains the basic rules for apostrophe use, which he sends to supporters to forward on to offending businesses and other organisations.
In 2001, Richards won an Ig Nobel Prize for "his efforts to protect, promote, and defend the differences between plural and possessive".

</doc>
<doc id="21462252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462252" title="Campina (company)">
Campina (company)

Campina was a Dutch dairy cooperative. Main brands include Campina, Landliebe and Mona.
In 2008, it merged with Royal Frieslands Foods, the name of the new company is FrieslandCampina.
The company history starts with many village cooperatives that gradually merged into each other and thus became big regional companies. Campina in its current form was created in 1989 by the merge of two of such regional cooperatives, Melkunie Holland and DMV Campina. After this merger the company was named Campina Melkunie until it dropped the Melkunie part in 2001.
In 2004, Campina and Arla, a Danish dairy cooperative, announced their plan to merge, however this plan was disbanded in April 2005 for undisclosed reasons [http://www.foodanddrinkeurope.com/news/ng.asp?n59564-arla-campina-disband although plans for other forms of cooperation would still be considered.
On 19 December 2007, Campina and Friesland Foods announced that the companies are exploring the possibility to merge. The EU approved the merger if the two cooperatives sell certain cheese and dairy drink divisions.
Acquisitions.
In Germany, now Campina GmbH

</doc>
<doc id="21462278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462278" title="Robert James Bell">
Robert James Bell

Dr Rob ("Robert James Bell", born 10 April 1975 ) is the host of the Australian children's television programme "Scope" where Dr Rob breaks down the science of subjects relevant to school-aged children. Dr Rob is employed at CSIRO as a science education officer.
Education.
Dr Rob studied science at the University of Queensland, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in 1994, and going on to a complete an honours year in 1995, writing a thesis in superconductors. In 1996, he went directly into his PhD in the field of Material Chemistry, which he graduated in 2000. His PhD thesis was entitled ""Investigation and characterisation of co-precipitation syntheses for the production of La1-xSrxMnO3"" in the field of "Solid oxide fuel cells using Perovskite and Ceramic powders". 
After 12 months traveling and work in Europe, he returned to Australia and commenced work at the Commonwealth Scientific & Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) in the education children's division, where he visited schools & juvenile detention centres presenting scientific experiments & explanations for the audience.
Major interests.
Robert is keen soccer player, playing during his study years for the UQ Soccer Club. He continued to play after his graduation and went onto become the joint treasurer in 2001, and was sole treasurer from 2002 till 2007. In 2007, he was awarded the UQ Soccer Club service award for being the best keeper for the club, creation of the club alumni and the years served as club treasurer.
Robert's enjoyment of chocolate was made evident while studying at UQ. He joined the Chocolate appreciation society, and eventually made president. This included hosting a chocolate tasting each semester. The society at the time had a membership of 700.
Work.
In 2001, Robert commenced work at the CSIRO Science Education Centre (CSIROSEC) in Brisbane, Australia as science education officer, where he was initially involved with the schools programme for Southern Queensland and Science on Saturdays.
A side task to his employment was appearances on the Television programme Totally Wild and later, became the host of a new programme called "Scope".
In 2005, Robert gave the keynote address at the District conference of Coopers Plains Learning Community, where he presented the topic "Making Links with the Wider Community".
"Totally Wild".
Robs appearances on "Totally Wild" on Tuesdays in the scientific segment. Over the 2 years that he spent doing this segment, he developed his character of "Dr Rob".
"Scope".
Network Ten in conjunction with CSIRO developed a programme called Scope, initially airing on Mondays at 4pm. New episodes now airs at 8am Thursdays and repeat episodes air at 9am Saturdays on Eleven.
Dr Rob has been described as a ""Mad Scientist"", as well as being ""zany"" & ""mad capped"". This is most likely to the very animated style of his TV personality.
Dr Rob's appearances on "Scope" are nearly always in his signature white lab coat. Even scuba diving in it one episode about marine life. This can also be seen in any publicity photograph of himself or "Scope", as he was even wearing it when receiving the Japan prize in Tokyo.
Awards.
In 2006, "Scope" was nominated for "Most Outstanding Children's Program" in the 2006 TV Week Logie awards. "Scope" won the 2008 Japan Prize, an award for outstanding educational children's television, 2008 for best television series. Dr Rob flew to Tokyo to collect the prize on 28 October 2008.
Other appearances.
In February 2008, Dr Rob flew to New York to appear on the "Rachael Ray Show", where he used a food theme to demonstrate some scientific principles, using ingredients such as corn starch and hydrogen peroxide. The Episode went to air on 16 Feb 2009 and can be viewed at on the "Rachel Ray Show" website.
He made a 2nd appearance on the 3 July 2009 performing some spectacular experiments for 4 July. This also can be viewed on the "Rachel Ray Show" website.
Robert also appeared as a member of the Brains Trust on episode 13 of The Einstein Factor, on ABC TV in Australia, which went to air on 3 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21462298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462298" title="Sicilian regional election, 1951">
Sicilian regional election, 1951

The Sicilian regional election of 1951 took place on 3 June 1951 to select the Second Sicilian Parliament.
Christian Democracy resulted narrowly ahead of the alliance between the Italian Communist Party and the Italian Socialist Party. After the election Franco Restivo, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a government that included the Monarchist National Party and the Social Liberal Union Autonomy Sicily.
Results.
Electoral system: proportional representation
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21462305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462305" title="Paul Stender">
Paul Stender

Paul Stender is best known for designing and building the most jet-powered land vehicles in the world. A native of Big Bend, Wisconsin, Paul grew up racing motorcycles and snowmobiles. He later made the jump into the big leagues and began racing Badger and USAC Midgets. He continued his racing career as an Outlaw sprint car Driver.
While he was drag racing a snowmobile, he watched a jet funny car dragster race. He decided to purchase a jet car. He raced his first jet vehicle in 1995, the Jazz Jet Funny Car at speeds of nearly 300 mph. In his first full year of racing, Paul was awarded the Pro-Jet Rookie of the Year Award in 1997. One day he saw the wind blow a portable outhouse across the tarmac, and he came up with the idea of a jet-powered outhouse.
Paul has performed for fans at air shows and motor sport events around the world. Vehicles Paul currently owns and races include the Dodge RamJet that reaches speeds near 400 mph, the Port-o-Jet Jet Powered Outhouse that reached per hour, the School Time Jet School Bus, the American Thunder Jet Jeep, and the Armageddon Jet Funny Car.
These days, Paul Stender is as much of a star as the vehicles he builds. Paul and his vehicles have been featured in nationally recognized print publications including FHM, Popular Science, ESPN the Magazine, Ripley’s Believe It or Not, and the National Enquirer. Paul has also been featured on hit television shows that include Dangerous Curves (Spike TV), Monster Garage (Discovery Channel), and Horsepower TV in the United States. Paul and his jet vehicles have appeared on numerous Japanese television shows.

</doc>
<doc id="21462313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462313" title="Rosin, Poland">
Rosin, Poland

Rosin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately south of Świebodzin, north of Zielona Góra, and south of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21462334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462334" title="Panther Burn, Mississippi">
Panther Burn, Mississippi

Panther Burn is an unincorporated community located along U.S. Route 61 in northwestern Sharkey County, Mississippi. Although unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 38765.

</doc>
<doc id="21462350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462350" title="Anna Maria Engsten">
Anna Maria Engsten

Anna Maria Jansdotter Engsten (1762 – fl. 1790) was by King Gustav III of Sweden awarded with a medal in silver for "Valour in Battle at Sea" for her acts during the Russo-Swedish war of 1788–1790.
Engsten was a maid to the master mariner of the Swedish fleet, G.A. Leijonancker. During the retreat from Viborg and Björkösund, she was evacuated with five sailors in a boat filled with food supplies and the captain's belongings. They were shot at by the Russian fleet, which killed a sheep and caused a leak. The sailors abandoned the boat, but she stayed behind, determined to steer the boat to safety. She did so singlehandedly, although the boat required at least two people to steer, a mission she succeeded with. This was confirmed by Major Scharff. When the King was told about this, he awarded her a medal in silver for "Bravery in Battle at Sea" as well as a sum of 50 riksdaler. This was paid out in 15 March 1791.

</doc>
<doc id="21462351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462351" title="2001 Clipsal 500">
2001 Clipsal 500

The 2001 Clipsal 500 was the third running of the Adelaide 500 race. Racing was held form Friday 6 April until Sunday 8 April 2001. The race was held for V8 Supercars and was Round 2 of the 2001 Shell Championship Series.
Format.
The format, unique to V8 Supercar and loosely similar to the Pukekohe 500 format, splits the 500 kilometres into two separate 250 kilometres races each held on a different day. Points were assigned separately to the races, with more points allocated for Race 2 over Race 1, and they combined to award a round result.
Official results.
Top fifteen shootout.
Results sourced from:
Leg 1.
Results sourced from:
Leg 2.
Results sourced from:

</doc>
<doc id="21462355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462355" title="Ralph Farina">
Ralph Farina

Ralph Robert "Nick" Farina (February 21, 1905 – September 1984) was a professional football player from Steelton, Pennsylvania. Farina attended and played college football for Villanova University from 1923 until 1926. He made his National Football League debut in 1927 with the Pottsville Maroons. He played for the Maroons for his entire career, lasting just one year.

</doc>
<doc id="21462386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462386" title="Tinix">
Tinix

Tinix, standing "Try It as miNIX-like operating system", is a tutorial operating system written by Yu Yuan. It is for teaching rather than using. In his book "writing OS DIY" (Publishing House of Electronics Industry, Beijing, 2006), Yu has given all the source of Tinix. 
Although Tinix borrows a lot of concepts and methods from Minix, it compensates for the practical programming skills, especially in x86 assembly, lacking from Tanenbaum's "Operating Systems Design and Implementation".

</doc>
<doc id="21462394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462394" title="Jean-Clotaire Tsoumou-Madza">
Jean-Clotaire Tsoumou-Madza

Jean-Clotaire Tsoumou-Madza (born January 31, 1975) is a retired Congolese football player. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="21462402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462402" title="Michael Bormann">
Michael Bormann

Michael Bormann is a German vocalist. Since the first recording he had made with a band, he has been involved with several groups as their lead vocalist, having accepted contracts to record his vocals on albums rather than being a full time member of the bands. However, he was a founding and longtime member of Germany's hard rock band, Jaded Heart.
Biography.
Bormann's first step into the music scene was a high school band that he and his brother Dirk formed called High Voltage. The group changed their name to T.A.X. and then that evolved into Jaded Heart. His first chance at being with a "made band" was in 1993 when Gaby Hauke (Accept fame) called up Bormann to ask if he was interested in joining Bonfire. His time with the band was short lived as the band went their separate ways in 1994. By then, Jaded Heart had released their first album so he was still in the music spotlight. Worth noting, Bormann and ex-Bonfire mate Angel Schleifer reunited three years later as Charade.
Bormann carried on with Jaded Heart while still maintaining involvement in other projects until 2004. After the release of the band's seventh album, the group fired him. He proceeded to continue with his solo career while also being the owner of his own recording studio, RMB Rock-Studios, in Duisburg, Germany. He was nominated for a few categories for the 50th and 51st Grammy Awards in 2008 and 2009. Through the years, Bormann has worked with noted musicians such as J.R. Blackmore (son of Ritchie Blackmore of Deep Purple and Rainbow), Jochen 'Zeno' Roth (brother of Uli John Roth of Scorpions fame), Jos Zoomer (from Vandenberg) and Anette Blyckert of Alyson Avenue and Nightwish.
In 2013, after working together in the band The Sygnet (from 1997 to 2000), Bormann joined guitarist Alex Beyrodt and drummer André Hilgers in the band Silent Force replacing previous vocalist D.C. Cooper. The first Silent Force album with Bormann as vocalist is called Rising From Ashes and was released in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21462403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462403" title="Peruvannamuzhi">
Peruvannamuzhi

Peruvannamuzhi or Peruvannamoozhy is a village in Kozhikode district, Kerala, India which is near the PERUVANNAMUZHI DAM over a river. It is known for tourism, wildlife and research on spice crops.
There is a reservoir with facilities for boating, and nature reserves. The reservoir supplies irrigation water to Kozhikode, Malapuram and Kannur. Other attractions include a crocodile farm and gardens. Peruvannamuzhi is rich in bird life and over 90 species of birds have been recorded at the Experimental Farm of Indian Institute of Spices Research.
Research institute.
The Experimental Farm of Indian Institute of Spices Research (IISR) and Krishi Vigyan Kendra (Farm Science Centre) are located here.
Wildlife Sanctuary.
Peruvannamuzhi forms part of the newly inaugurated Malabar Wildlife Sanctuary and is rich in flora and fauna.
Religion.
It has a relatively large number of Christian/catholic population. Fathima Matha Catholic church, which comes under St.George's Forane Church Kulathuvayal follows Syro Malabar rites.

</doc>
<doc id="21462404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462404" title="Castilleja tenuis">
Castilleja tenuis

Castilleja tenuis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name hairy Indian paintbrush. It is native to western North America, where it grows in a number of habitat types, especially in mountainous areas. 
Description.
This is an annual herb growing up to about 45 centimeters tall, green to purplish in color and coated in hairs. The inflorescence is made up of many narrow bracts between which emerge the white to bright yellow pouched flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21462408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462408" title="Donald Alexander (lawyer)">
Donald Alexander (lawyer)

Donald Crichton Alexander (May 22, 1921 – February 2, 2009) was a tax lawyer and Nixon administration official.
Alexander was appointed Commissioner of Internal Revenue by President Richard Nixon in May 1973, and was replaced in February 1977, early in the Jimmy Carter administration.
Alexander resisted attempts by Nixon to use the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to investigate Nixon's political enemies, resulting in a string of attempts by Nixon to fire him. Early on in his tenure as Commissioner, he dismantled the IRS Special Service Staff, which had been used to pursue detractors of the administration and its policies in Vietnam.
Alexander served in the Army in World War II, receiving the Bronze Star and the Silver Star. After graduating Yale College and Harvard Law School, he began his career as a tax lawyer, which included positions at Covington & Burling and Akin Gump, where he worked at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21462415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462415" title="Rylands Papyri">
Rylands Papyri

The Rylands Papyri are a collection of thousands of papyrus fragments and documents from North Africa and Greece housed at the John Rylands University Library, Manchester, UK. The collection includes the Rylands Library Papyrus P52, also known as the "St John's fragment", a fragment from a papyrus codex, generally accepted as the earliest extant record of a Canonical gospel.
The collection.
The Rylands Papyri collection held by the John Rylands University Library, is one of the most extensive and wide-ranging papyrus manuscript collections in the United Kingdom. It includes religious, devotional, literary and administrative texts. The collection includes 7 hieroglyphic and 19 hieratic papyri which are funerary documents dating from the 14th century BCE to the 2nd century CE. It also holds 166 demotic papyri, mostly dating from the Ptolemaic period, including the famous "Petition of Petiese" (pRylands 9) from the reign of Darius I of Persia.
The collection also houses about 500 Coptic papyri, and around 800 Arabic papyri consisting of private letters, together with tradesmen's and household accounts. Among the roughly 2,000 Greek papyri are the famous fragments of the "Gospel of John" and "Deuteronomy," the earliest surviving fragments of the New Testament and the Septuagint (Papyrus 957, the Rylands Papyrus iii.458) respectively; Papyrus 31, a fragment of a papyrus manuscript of the "Epistle to the Romans"; and Papyrus 32, a fragment of the "Epistle to Titus." Also held in the collection is Papyrus Rylands 463, a copy of the apocryphal "Gospel of Mary" in Greek, and John Rylands Papyrus 470, a prayer in Koine Greek to the Theotokos, written about 250 CE in brown ink, the earliest known copy of such a prayer. It was acquired by the Library in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="21462420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462420" title="Delta City, Mississippi">
Delta City, Mississippi

Delta City is an unincorporated community located on Mississippi Highway 434 in Sharkey County, Mississippi. Delta City is approximately east of Panther Burn and approximately north of Nitta Yuma. Although an unincorporated community, Delta City has a zip code of 39061.

</doc>
<doc id="21462423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462423" title="Lambton Mount">
Lambton Mount

Lambton Le Breton Mount (1836 - 1931) was a Canadian-born Australian businessman. He is credited with introducing the sport of lacrosse to Australia. 
In 1853, Mount emigrated from Canada to Victoria, Australia with other family members. During the early 1860s, he was a well-known athlete, running against H. C. A. Harrison in a series of foot races. In 1866, with his brother Frank and the poet Adam Lindsay Gordon, Mount migrated to Western Australia, where they were business partners in an unsuccessful sheep farm at Balingup. The Mounts were also early settlers in the north west Western Australia and held a pastoral lease on the De Grey River, between 1866 and 1868. They then returned to Victoria.
Mount imported forty lacrosse sticks in 1876, an initiative that led to the first match of lacrosse held in Australia, at Albert Park. The sport grew quickly and within two years, the Victorian Lacrosse Association had 120 members.
In his later years, Mount was prominent as a manufacturer of glass bottles in Melbourne. He became president of the Victorian Chamber of Manufacturers and was on the Commission for the Centennial International Exhibition in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="21462430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462430" title="Hydraulic splitter">
Hydraulic splitter

The hydraulic splitter, also known as rock splitter and darda splitter, is a type of portable hydraulic tool that is used in demolition jobs which involve breaking large blocks of concrete and rocks. Its use in geology was first popularized by volcanologist David Richardson.
There is also a larger excavator mounted rock splitter from Yamamoto Rock Machine, which is suitable for excavation of large volumes of hard rock where blasting is not practical or allowed. 
Hydraulic rock splitters consist of two wedges which are inserted in a pre-drilled hole and a hydraulic cylinder is pushing out a center wedge between the two side wedges forcing them to separate.
Hydraulic splitters are now available at hire shops or another alternative could be Expando non explosive demolition agent.

</doc>
<doc id="21462444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462444" title="Omar Iman Abubakar">
Omar Iman Abubakar

Sheikh Omar Iman Abubakar, (), also known as Abu Bakar, was the chairman of the Somali Islamist insurgent group Hisbi Islam, which was formed in 2009 to fight Sharif Ahmed's government. Abu Bakar is a high-ranking official in Hassan Dahir Aweys' Eritrean based faction of the Alliance for the Reliberation of Somalia. He was previously vice president of the Majlis Al-Shura Council.
On March 24, opposition in Hizbul Islam, led by Yusuf Mohammed Siad Inda'ade denounced Omar Iman as their leader and said he had been replaced by Sheikh Mohamed Hassan Ahmed, another Islamic cleric. However, Hassan Dahir Aweys, the groups most powerful figure, rejected the claims made by Indo Ade that Sheikh Omar Iman had been removed as chairman. He was quoted as saying ""No one can take authority away from Sheikh Omar Iman, because the group Islam appointed him as chairman."" Prior to this Sheikh Omar Iman had denied that Indho Ade was the group's defence secretary.
This has led to Hizbul Islami dividing in two, with one group led by Indho Ade and the other led by Hassan Aweys (with Omar Iman as chairman).

</doc>
<doc id="21462449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462449" title="Eren Albayrak">
Eren Albayrak

Eren Albayrak (born 23 April 1991) is a Turkish footballer. He currently plays the Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor. He has represented Turkey at all youth levels and currently has 92 youth caps.

</doc>
<doc id="21462452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462452" title="Maximilian-II-Kaserne">
Maximilian-II-Kaserne

The Maximilian-II-Kaserne respectively "Max-II-Kaserne" was a military facility in Munich, Germany, which was completed in 1865. The kaserne was named after Maximilian II of Bavaria.
The barracks were the largest ones, that have ever been built in Munich. They were primarily used by some field artillery regiments and the 1st Train Detachment of the Bavarian army. Between the World Wars the barracks were used by the Bavarian State Police, and in Nazi Germany by the Kraftfahr-Ersatz-Abteilung 7 ("Motor Reserve Detachment 7") and by the Kraftfahr-Ausbildungs-Abteilung 7 ("Motor Training Detachment 7"). The symmetrical main building with its 600 meters width was planned by the architect "M. Berger", and some facades were designed by Eduard Riedel. The facility was destroyed in the Second World War.
Location.
Currently only the courses of the streets remember of the former barracks. The area is now covered with residential and commercial buildings. A monument at "Hiblestraße" remembers of the then stationed artillery units.
Originally the Max-II-Kaserne was built in the rural North of the old town near the artillery training area Oberwiesenfeld in the South of today's "Leonrodplatz". In the South of the Max-II-Kaserne bordered the barracks of the telegraph troops.

</doc>
<doc id="21462456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462456" title="Sicilian regional election, 1955">
Sicilian regional election, 1955

The Sicilian regional election of 1955 took place on 5 June 1955.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. After the election Giuseppe Alessi and, later, Giuseppe La Loggia governed the Region at the head of a centre-right coalition that included the Italian Liberal Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and, since 1956, the Italian Social Movement.
After a brief one-party government by La Loggia, Silvio Milazzo, a left-wing Christian Democrat, broke ranks, launched his own Social Christian Sicilian Union and formed a government that included the extremes: the left-wing Italian Communist Party (along with the Italian Socialist Party) on one side and the right-wing Italian Social Movement (along with the Monarchist National Party) on the other side.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21462462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462462" title="Howard Kanovitz">
Howard Kanovitz

Howard Kanovitz (February 9, 1929 – February 2, 2009) was a pioneering painter in the Photorealist and Hyperrealist Movements, which emerged in the 1960s and 1970s in response to the abstract art movement. 
Howard Kanovitz, whose 50-year career ranged from abstract expressionism to computer imaging, was at the forefront of the art movement known as photorealism. His 1966 landmark Jewish Museum solo exhibition launched this new genre of photo-based painting. Though dubbed by Barbara Rose “the grandfather of photorealism”, Kanovitz’s work transcended that classification in “realistic paintings for which the concept of realism is too narrow.” The preeminent art historian Sam Hunter described how Kanovitz’s “meticulous airbrush technique and exactness of vision produce an atmosphere of doubt rather than certitude and posed questions of meaning which challenge the very nature of the artistic experience.”
Life.
After moving to New York City in the 1950s Kanovitz worked as the assistant to Franz Kline. He quickly became part of the downtown abstract expressionist scene, exhibiting works at the fabled Tenth Street galleries, the Tanager and Hansa, and in the Stable Gallery annuals, where he had his first one-man show in 1962. 
Even during the years when Kanovitz was receiving laudatory reviews for his abstract work, Kanovitz always painted privately with an interest in the figure and new ways to explore the illusion of form in space on a flat canvas. In 1963 after the death of his father, while pouring over family photographs, Kanovitz had a Roland Barthes-like, punctum moment, that solidified his interest in the nature of representation and the complex relationship between subjectivity, meaning, and memory. He began using photographs as source material, either appropriated from the media or taken himself. In 1972, the Americans Chuck Close, Richard Estees, and Howard Kanovitz were chosen to join Europeans Gerhard Richter, Sigmar Polke, Malcolm Morley, and Franz Gertsch, in Harald Szeemann’s groundbreaking international art exposition documenta V, held in Kassel Germany, as the pre-eminent exponents of this new photo based painting. He also represented America in documenta VI, 1977.
In 1979 Kanovitz was awarded the prestigious DAAD fellowship to live and work in Berlin, where he had a mid-career retrospective of over 200 works at the Akademie der Künste, which then traveled to the Kestner Gesellshchaft, Hannover. He taught at the Salzburger Summer Art School, founded by Oscar Kokoschka, as well as at the School of Visual Arts in New York, and took on stage design projects in both America and Germany. In addition to the three one person museum exhibitions already cited, and one at Museum of Contemporary Art in Utrecht, Kanovitz had more than fifty one person gallery exhibitions including the Waddell, Stefanotty, Alex Rosenberg, and Marlborough galleries in New York, the Gana Art Gallery in Seoul Korea, and the Jollenbeck, Inge Baecker and Ulrig Gering Gallery in Germany where he had his last one person show in 2008, one year before he died. He participated in over 100 group shows in America and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="21462475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462475" title="Dirona pellucida">
Dirona pellucida

Dirona pellucida is a species of sea slug, a northern Pacific Ocean nudibranch, a marine, opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Dironidae.
This species feeds on the bryozoan species "Bugula pacifica".
Distribution.
This nudibranch occurs from Oregon to Alaska, and across the Bering Sea south to Japan and Korea. [http://www.seaslugforum.net/showall.cfm?base=diropell]
Description.
This species, like others in the genus, is translucent with large, broad cerata. The color is various shades of orange, with a white line on the edge of all of the cerata.

</doc>
<doc id="21462498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462498" title="Susan Abulhawa">
Susan Abulhawa

Susan Abulhawa (born 1970) is a Palestinian-American writer and human rights activist. She is the author of a bestselling novel, "Mornings in Jenin" (2010) and the founder of a non-governmental organization, Playgrounds for Palestine. She currently lives in Yardley, Pennsylvania.
Early life and education.
Abulhawa's parents, born in Jebel al Tur in Jerusalem, were refugees of the 1967 war. Her father, according to one account, “was expelled at gunpoint; her mother, who was studying in Germany at the time, was unable to return and the couple reunited in Jordan before moving to Kuwait, where Abulhawa was born in 1970.” Since her parents did not remain together for long, and the family was dismantled following the war, Susan was sent to live with an uncle in the U.S., where she stayed until she was five years old. She was then “passed between various family members in Kuwait and Jordan; at 10, she was taken to Jerusalem but ended up in an orphanage.” At age 13, she was sent to Charlotte, North Carolina, where she was a foster child. She has been in the US since. She majored in Biology in college and attended USC School of Medicine as a graduate student in the Department of Biomedical Science, where she completed a Master's Degree in Neuroscience.
She later turned to journalism and fiction. She has contributed to three anthologies and has been published in major and minor US and international newspapers and other periodicals. "Mornings in Jenin" (originally published in 2006 as "The Scar of David") was her debut novel. It is an international bestseller, published in at least 26 languages. In 2013, Abulhawa published a collection of poetry entitled "My Voice Sought The Wind" and it has been announced that she completed and sold her second novel manuscript.
Abulhawa is the founder of "Playgrounds for Palestine," an NGO that advocates for Palestinian children by building playgrounds in Palestine and UN refugee camps in Lebanon. The first playground was erected in early 2002.
Activism.
In 2000, then, Abulhawa traveled to Palestine, where, according to a 2010 profile, “listening to the echo of her childhood on the slopes of the Mount of Olives and cradling the young daughter who had finally given her purpose...Abulhawa set her life on its indeterminable course.” That course was one “of political activism, of vocally opposing Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory and campaigning to provide playgrounds for Palestinian children.” Abulhawa herself has described her return to Palestine as a reawakening, saying that “when I heard the adhan for the first time and realized how much I'd missed it, I broke down in tears.”
In 2001, Abulhawa set up Playgrounds for Palestine, starting off with donated slides and swings for a playground in Bethlehem. She had also begun to write op-eds for newspapers. She is now heavily involved in the campaign for Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions and as a speaker for Al Awda, the Right to Return coalition.
Playgrounds for Palestine.
Abulhawa has called Playgrounds for Palestine, which she founded in 2001, “a simple project where we raise money in the US and around the world, which then we use to build playgrounds for Palestinian children in various parts of Palestine and the refugee camps. We have 20 playgrounds.” It is a small, all-volunteer group. Its mission statement describes it as “Upholding the right to play by building creative playspaces for Palestinian children in Palestine and in countries with Palestinian refugees.” Playground equipment is purchased abroad, then shipped and assembled locally, usually on donated land. The playgrounds are thereafter owned and maintained by local NGOs or municipalities. The organization ANERA (American Near East Refugee Aid) is heavily involved in various phases of the operation.
As of 2012, Playgrounds for Palestine had established four playgrounds in Gaza, two in refugee camps in Lebanon, and one in a refugee camp in Syria. “Abulhawa is no longer the driving force in the organization,” according to a 2012 profile, which states that volunteers are continuing her work.
BDS.
Abulhawa sees the BDS movement, according to a 2012 profile, “as one of the most effective ways to promote Palestinian rights and achieve justice against Israel’s ongoing ethnic cleansing.” Abulhawa told an interviewer, “Until now, most Palestinian resistance has been either armed struggle or non-violent, basically passive means...Israel is comfortable in dealing with this as long as it is contained in their purview. Even sometimes, it is happy for armed actions because this reinforces the image they want to project of Palestinians as violent and hateful.” BDS, however, “opens the window on what Israel is doing; it shows the world the apartheid system they have built in Palestine. They have no defence against this exposure.”
"Mornings in Jenin".
Abulhawa, who at the time was working for a drug company, visited Jenin as an international observer in the aftermath of the 2002 Israeli attack on a refugee camp there. The visit “transformed” Abulhawa, she later said. “You grow up as a Palestinian knowing about these massacres and the wars and the injustice but it was completely different to be there.”
“What I saw in Jenin was shocking at so many levels,” she later said, “but it was also quite humbling to watch how the people came together and shared what little they had. So when I left there, I really wanted to tell their story because I knew nobody was going to talk about it.” Returning to the U.S., she had trouble reconciling the concerns of her coworkers at the drug company with the travails of the people of Jenin. “They were two parts of my life and it was suffocating. A few months later I was laid off and it was probably the best thing that happened to me.”
The result was a novel, "Mornings in Jenin", which was published in 2010. It has been described as “a poignant, lyrical tale tracing four generations of the Abulheja family as they suffer loss after loss - first, with the kidnapping of their son Ismael in the 1948 Naqba by an Israeli soldier and then through their violent expulsion from their village near Haifa.” The novel follows the family through “successive horrors inflicted during the 1967 war, the siege of Lebanon and slaughters in Jenin, Sabra and Shatila, the devastation and agonies wreaked on ordinary Palestinians are depicted through the struggles of the book's protagonist Amal, whose brother Ismael is raised as the Arab-hating David.”
The novel, published by Bloomsbury, has been translated into Arabic by Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation Publishing. It has also been translated into at least two dozen other languages and has become an international bestseller.
“In the Palestinian narrative,” she has said apropos of the book's story, “there are no two sides. There are no two sides to this conflict in the same way that there were no two sides to the Holocaust. There were no two sides to apartheid. There are no two sides to slavery. You have a nuclear power that is pitted against principally an unarmed civilian population. This is not a matter of sides.”
The French author and philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy called "Mornings in Jenin" “a concentration of anti-Israeli and anti-Jewish clichés masquerading as fiction.” Abulhawa responded by dismissing Levy as a “French pop star of philosophy and intellectual elitism” and accusing him of “name-calling”: “He simply slaps on the word 'anti-Semitism' to discredit any negative portrayal of Israel... Mr. Levy accuses us of 'demonizing Israel', when in fact, all we do is pull back the curtain, however slightly, to show a dark truth he wishes to keep hidden. I suspect that Mr Levy feels, as most Jewish supporters of Israel do, that he is more entitled to my grandfather's farms than I am. After all, that is really the foundation of Israel, isn't it?”
Filmworks Dubai bought the film rights to Mornings in Jenin and plans to begin production in late 2013. Anna Soler-Pont, head of the Pontas agency, which sold the film rights to the novel, said, “This is going to be a special project. There aren’t any epic films on Palestine yet.”
Other writings.
In an April 2012 article, Abulhawa complained that “no matter what greatness you’ve achieved in your life or what gifts you’ve given to the rest of humanity, if you criticize Israel, you must expect to become persona non grata.” She expressed gratitude that “brave people” such as Alice Walker, Henning Mankel, and others “are willing to take significant risks for the rest of humanity.” She especially singled out Günter Grass, who had recently “dared to suggest glaringly obvious truths: that Israel has a robust nuclear program and its hinted intention to attack Iran is a threat to world stability.” She protested that Germany, by supporting Israel, “is not the one paying for its sins. We, the Palestinians, are.”
Israel, she told readers, “is a nuclear power with the most advanced death machines ever known to man, which it unleashes frequently against a principally unarmed civilian population that dares to demand freedom. It is a country that is currently in violation of hundreds of UN resolutions and nearly every tenet of international law. It is a country that has been condemned by every human rights organization that has ever investigated the situation on the ground there.” While acknowledging that “the Jewish Holocaust” needs to be remembered, she noted that there had also been holocausts of Armenians, Serbs, Rwandans, Native Americans,” and “the holocaust of slavery,” not to mention “Deir Yassin, Sabra and Shatila, Qibya and the many other atrocities Israel has committed against Palestinians.”
In a May 2012 article, she condemned the United Methodist Church for not passing “a resolution to divest from three major beneficiaries of the most incendiary human rights abuses and colonial crimes of our time,” namely Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard, and Motorola. She called the UMC's action “an utter disgrace, a blight on the church of the same magnitude as that which comes from the institutional failure to speak up for Jews in the late 1930s.” While “Palestinians may be starving, languishing and bleeding,” she wrote, “Israel and its backers are rotting at their core, because that’s what racism, self-interest at all costs, and cowardice does to the soul.”
In a June 2013 article, Abulhawa declared “the essential blackness of the Palestinian struggle” and the need for “alliances among oppressed peoples.” She cited a fellow activist as saying that “when we speak of engaging 'the world,' what we mean is Europe and the US, because someone convinced us somewhere along the line that these were the only places that mattered,” even though these were “the same nations that facilitated and cheered on the destruction of our society.” The solution, Abulhawa argued, is to “reorient the Palestinian struggle to align with indigenous struggles — struggles of the marginalized and voiceless — which I consider to be spiritually and politically black because there is no equivalent to the savagery inflicted on the black body over centuries by white supremacy.” She went on to quote from Frantz Fanon and Edward Said and to celebrate the solidarity shown to Palestinians by people like Angela Davis, Alice Walker, and Cynthia McKinney. And she concluded that “the United States and the European Union are not our friends. They have never been our friends.”
She has written on Twitter that “gratuitous violence runs through Israeli society.” In one tweet she asked: “How many times must we become refugees? Why? So every American and European Jew can have dual citizenship?” In another she made this claim: “Israeli commanders to their soldiers: champagne for a dead Palestinian, soda for a wounded one.” In yet another she called on her Twitter followers to “Tell Alicia Keys to boycott Apartheid Israel.”
Other professional activities.
In addition to her fiction writing and activism, Abulhawa continues to do “medical writing for journals and drug companies.”
Abulhawa lectures frequently. Among her themes, to use her own words, are that Palestinians (Muslim, Christian, Jewish, and other), are the rightful “natives of the Holy Land”; that “Israel is a country that was founded by Europeans who came to Palestine” and “formed terrorist gangs who set about a systematic ethnic cleansing of the native Palestinians”; that “Israel has employed every imperialistic tactic to subjugate, humiliate, break, and expel an entire nation of principally unarmed civilians because of their religion is not a right”; that “the two-state solution was and remains an instrument to circumvent the basic human rights of Palestinians in order to accommodate Israel’s desire to be Jewish” and that the only fair solution is “a single democratic state, with liberty and justice for all, regardless of religion.”
She compares Israel to apartheid South Africa, but adds that “not in their cruelest hour did the Apartheid regime wreak such wanton murder and destruction...Israel cuts off the movement of food, medicine and other basic goods to the Gaza strip, causing massive malnutrition, economic collapse and misery. Israel rains death from the skies on an already battered and starved Gaza, murdering over 3000 human beings and maiming thousands more in a single month.” Israel, she says, “ghettoized Gaza and turned it into an open air prison – a concentration camp of civilians with no way to earn a living, no way to defend themselves and no place to run from the slaughter bombarding them from air, land, and sea. Half of Gazan children under 12 have lost their 'will to live.' Can anyone fathom the kind of oppression that leads small children en masse to lose their will to live?”
In 2013, Abulhawa declined an invitation from "Al Jazeera" to participate in a discussion about the Israel-Palestine issue, particularly the Nabka, involving herself and several Israelis, including some who were highly critical of Israeli policy. Telling the "Al Jazeera" producer that “it frankly pains me that you would conceive of such a forum,” she stated flatly that she would not take part in “any form of 'conversation' with Israelis about the Nakba,” although she would agree to appear on the air following such a conversation in order to discuss its contents with an interviewer. “Imagine,” she wrote, “Germany never acknowledged the Jewish holocaust. Imagine, we are living in an era where Jews are still fighting for basic recognition of their pain. Then imagine that on the day in which Jews engage in solemn remembrance of their greatest collective wound, television shows choose to feature German sons and daughters of Nazis in a discussion expressing differing views on whether or not and/or how Germany should deal with the memory of the genocide their country committed. And imagine, of course, there is a token Jew 'to balance out' such an ill-timed and inappropriate public conversation.”
Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Campaign.
Abulhawa is signatory to the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign, a call by Palestinian civil society to engage in an economic and cultural boycott of Israel as a non-violent means of resistance against ""Israeli Apartheid"" and military occupation.
She was the opening speaker at the BDS Conference at the University of Pennsylvania in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21462534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462534" title="Dublin, Mississippi">
Dublin, Mississippi

Dublin is an unincorporated community located along U.S. Route 49 in southeastern Coahoma County, Mississippi. Dublin has a ZIP code of 38739.
Civil rights leader Aaron Henry was born in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="21462535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462535" title="President's Security Division">
President's Security Division

President's Security Division (PSD) is a unit of the Sri Lanka Police charged with the close protection of the President of Sri Lanka. It is headed by a gazetted officer of the rank of Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG). Until 2008 the until controlled army personnel assigned to President's protection, but these were formed into an independent unit named the President's Guard. The unit consists of both uniformed and non-uniformed officers who provide close protection and guard Presidential residences.

</doc>
<doc id="21462536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462536" title="Ploča (mountain)">
Ploča (mountain)

Ploča ( or "Plloçë"; ) is a peak on the mountain of Mount Korab found between Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. Ploča is high and is found in the southern end on Mount Korab near the north of Dešat.

</doc>
<doc id="21462538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462538" title="Rena Lara, Mississippi">
Rena Lara, Mississippi

Rena Lara is an unincorporated community located along Mississippi Highway 1 in southwestern Coahoma County, Mississippi. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 38767.

</doc>
<doc id="21462541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462541" title="William W. Armstrong (politician)">
William W. Armstrong (politician)

William W. Armstrong (1864 – July 20, 1944) was an American lawyer and politician from Rochester, Monroe County, New York. In addition to his long legal career in Rochester, he represented his city in both houses of the state legislature. While a member of the state Senate he led an investigation into life insurance company operations and financing that led to publishing the "Armstrong Report" in 1906. He described himself once as a minority of a minority, since he was "An Irishman, a protestant, and a Republican."
Life.
Armstrong was born to Irish immigrants in Rochester, New York, but while an infant his family moved to Albion, New York where he attended public schools and spent his young adulthood. His formal education was ended in 1880 when he started work to help his family after his father became blind. But he continued study and was admitted to the bar early in 1888.
Armstrong was a member of the New York State Assembly (Monroe Co., 3rd D.) in 1895, 1896, 1897 and 1898. During his second term, he caused quite a row and made his reputation for honesty. While speaking against a bill wanted by the Insurance companies and the state commission, he read aloud into the record a note he had been handed from Senator J. Irving Burns that it could be made worth his while to drop his opposition. In 1898, Armstrong was elected to the state Senate while Burns was defeated. 
Armstrong was a member of the New York State Senate from 1899 to 1908, sitting in the 122nd, 123rd, 124th, 125th, 126th, 127th, 128th, 129th (all eight 44th D.), 130th and 131st New York State Legislatures (both 46th D.).

</doc>
<doc id="21462548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462548" title="Prime Minister's Security Division">
Prime Minister's Security Division

Prime Minister's Security Division (PMSD) is a unit of the Sri Lanka Police charged with the close protection of the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. It is headed by a gazetted officer of the rank of Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG). The unit consists of both uniformed and non-uniformed officers who provide close protection and guard Prime Ministerial residences.
History.
Police officers from the "Ceylon Police Force" were assigned to protect the Prime Minister of Ceylon since the post was established in 1947. These policemen were randomly chosen of the Prime Ministers security detail and to guard the Prime Minister's Office and Prime Minister's House ("Temple Trees"), without special training in close protection. This was highlighted when Prime Minister S W R D Bandaranaike was assassinated at his residence by Talduwe Somarama. The need for specialized independent unit was once again highlighted when personal from the internal security detail of the Royal Ceylon Navy, the "Provost Branch" were brought to guard Temple Trees on the night of 27 January 1962 when the attempted military coup by senior police and reservist military officers was due to be launched. 
Since the 1950s the Ceylon Army had assisted the police to guard the "Temple Trees" and protect the Prime Minister during national crises, such as Hartal 1953 and 1971 JVP Insurrection. Even in peace time the armoured corps has maintained an armored detachment at "Temple Trees". 
With the creation of the Executive Presidency in 1978 the Prime Minister ceased to be the head of government. This reduced the power of the post, however with the escalation of political associations as a result of the Sri Lankan civil war and the JVP Uprising (1988-1989) the security of the Prime Minister increased. For this purpose the "Prime Minister's Security Division" was officially created in the 1990s with specially trained police officers and Special Task Force personal attached to it. 
On January 5, 2000, personal of the PMSD prevented an assassination attempt by a female suicide bomber of the LTTE, the bomber detonated the bomb outside the Prime Minister's Office killing 13 civilians and three police officers attached to the PMSD.

</doc>
<doc id="21462554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462554" title="Bert Sandos">
Bert Sandos

Bertram "Bert" Magnus Sandos (4 August 1901 – 23 August 1963) was a New Zealand rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kaikoura.
In 1932 he was a member of the New Zealand boat which was eliminated in the repêchage of the eights competition.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medal with the New Zealand boat in the coxed fours contest and the silver medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="21462562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462562" title="Silviu Simoncenco">
Silviu Simoncenco

Silviu Simoncenco is a Romanian sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. He won a gold medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21462569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462569" title="Vivian Hultman">
Vivian Hultman

Vivian Joseph Hultman (January 26, 1903 – December 27, 1987) was a professional football player from Grand Rapids, Michigan. He attended and played his college football at Michigan State University. Hultman then played in the National Football League with the Detroit Panthers from 1925 thru 1926 and the Pottsville Maroons in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="21462574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462574" title="Caulanthus amplexicaulis">
Caulanthus amplexicaulis

Caulanthus amplexicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name claspingleaf wild cabbage. 
It is endemic to California, where it grows on open slopes in the Transverse Ranges and Outer South California Coast Ranges. 
Description.
"Caulanthus amplexicaulis" is annual herb produces a slender erect stem with flat, oval leaves clasping it toward the base. 
The bulbous purple flower forms a rounded pouch which opens at the top, the narrow petal tips reflexed back. The outer petal tips are deep purple, the inner much lighter to nearly white. 
The fruit is a very long silique which may exceed 10 centimeters in length. 
Varieties.
There are two varieties of this species. 

</doc>
<doc id="21462597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462597" title="Kłodnica (disambiguation)">
Kłodnica (disambiguation)

The Kłodnica is a river in Upper Silesia, southern Poland.
Kłodnica may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21462598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462598" title="Salim Djefaflia">
Salim Djefaflia

Salim Djefaflia (born 9 October 1978 in Arles) is a retired French football player of Algerian descent. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Hannover 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21462606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462606" title="John Hoani Macdonald">
John Hoani Macdonald

John Hoani "Jack" Macdonald (26 October 1907 – 1 January 1982) was a New Zealand sportsman. He competed in rowing at the 1930 Empire Games, winning gold in the coxed fours, and at the 1932 Summer Olympics, becoming one of the first two Māori Olympians. He played rugby union for New Zealand Māori from 1926 to 1935 and professional rugby league in England from 1935 to 1939. During World War II he served in the Royal New Zealand Air Force and played rugby union for New Zealand Services and England Services sides. He also played tennis for the Royal New Zealand Air Force team in armed forces matches at Wimbledon. He was inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.
Early life and family.
Macdonald was born in Blenheim in 1907. Of Māori descent, he affiliated to the Rangitāne iwi. His father, also called Jack, played rugby for the New Zealand Māori team, as did his brothers Manny and Enoka. In accordance with his mother's wishes, Macdonald always spelled his name with a lower case 'd'.
Rowing.
Macdonald was a member of the Wairau Rowing Club. At the 1930 interprovincial championships on the Whau River in Auckland, he was the number five in the second-placed Marlborough eight.
He competed for New Zealand at the 1930 British Empire Games in Hamilton, Ontario, winning a gold medal in the men's coxed fours and a silver medal in the men's eights.
At the opening ceremony of the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, Macdonald was the flag bearer for New Zealand. He was a member of the New Zealand boat which was eliminated in the repêchage of the men's eights. Macdonald and Laurie Jackson, also a member of the men's eight, were the first Māori Olympians.
At the 1934 national rowing championship regatta in Picton, Macdonald was a member of the winning Wairau four and finished second in the pairs final. He again rowed in the Wairau four at the national championships in Auckland the following year, but the crew was unable to defend its title, finishing outside the first three.
Following the end of World War II in Europe, Macdonald put together a four to represent the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) at the Shepperton regatta in July 1945. Macdonald was coach and number six of a New Zealand Services eight assembled in mid-July that competed at a number of regattas during August. At the Hammersmith regatta, the New Zealand eight defeated a fancied Gladstone crew by one quarter of a boat length, but finished third in the final, 10 boat lengths behind the RAAF and Barnes club crews. A week later at Weybridge, the New Zealand Services eight was beaten by Barnes in the first heat, with the RAAF crew winning the final over Gladstone. Four of the oarsmen from the New Zealand Services eight, including Macdonald, competed as a four at the Greenwich regatta, winning their heat but being defeated in the final.
Rugby union.
Provincial.
A three-quarter and full-back, Macdonald represented Manawhenua and Marlborough at a provincial level.
At the start of the 1927 season, Macdonald was transferred from Marlborough to Manawhenua. He scored the final try when Manawhenua wrested the Ranfurly Shield from Wairarapa 18–16 at Carterton on 6 August 1927. Macdonald played a "slashing game", scoring three tries in his team's second defence of the Ranfurly Shield, against Wanganui, with the holders running out the winners by 25 points to 6. Manawhenua lost the Ranfurly Shield to Canterbury 17–6 the following week.
North v South.
In 1929, Macdonald represented the South Island in the inter-island match at Athletic Park, won by the North Island 29–20.
New Zealand Māori.
Macdonald was selected for the New Zealand Māori tour of New Zealand, Australia, Ceylon, France, England, Wales and Canada in 1926–27. However, poor form and injury meant that he only played in nine matches. He was, however, described as having "a wonderful pair of hands as well as great pace."
He represented New Zealand Māori again in 1931 and 1934.
He was vice-captain of New Zealand Māori on their 1935 tour to Australia, the team winning nine of its 11 matches. George Nepia believed that Macdonald should have been an automatic selection for the All Blacks team to tour the British Isles and Canada in 1935–36. However, he was not included in the touring party and subsequently defected to rugby league.
Wartime reinstatement.
During World War II, Macdonald was reinstated to rugby union and he played for various forces teams in England. On 17 October 1942 he appeared for the RNZAF team in a match against Guy's Hospital, and reportedly gave a "brilliant display", scoring two tries and a conversion, as the New Zealanders won 11–0. Two weeks later, he again turned out for the RNZAF team, this time against the Welsh Guards at Richmond, kicking a conversion in his side's 8–6 victory. The following week he played on the wing for England in a services international against Wales at Swansea. He kicked a penalty goal in England's 11–7 defeat by the Welsh. Two weeks later he was in the Royal Air Force (RAF) team that was defeated 18–0 by the Army at Richmond. Macdonald started the game on the wing but moved into centre after the RAF captain went off injured after 25 minutes. He was a member of the New Zealand Combined Services team that was defeated by the RAF at Bedford 25–19 on 2 January 1943. The following month his Combined Services side beat the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) 8–5. Playing at full-back, Macdonald missed two penalty kicks at goal as the RNZAF was beaten by the RAAF 3–0 on 11 March 1944.
On 15 April 1944, Macdonald played full-back for the Māori team in a "Maoris v Pakeha" match at the Richmond Athletic Ground, with the Pākehā running out the winners by 13 points to 11.
The New Zealand Forces played a North Island v South Island match at Richmond on 30 September 1944. Macdonald kicked one penalty and one conversion for the South Island, but missed several other goal kicks in the North Island's 22–14 win. On 11 November 1944, Macdonald captained the New Zealand Services team as they were defeated 11–8 by South Africa Services. He crashed over for a try in the second half and kicked one penalty goal, but was unsuccessful with several other kicks at goal. The two teams met again two weeks later, with Macdonald once again captaining the New Zealand side. South Africa once again won, this time by 16 points to 8.
Macdonald retired from rugby in 1945.
Rugby league.
Macdonald changed codes from rugby union to rugby league in 1935, travelling to London on the SS "Remuera" to take up a professional contract with the newly formed Streatham and Mitcham club in London, alongside fellow New Zealand rugby defectors George Nepia, Eddie Holder, Charlie Smith and George Harrison. When that club folded in 1937, he moved north and played for Huddersfield and later Rochdale Hornets.
In 1937 Macdonald played for the Dominions XIII in their 6–3 win over France.
He had an operation to remove cartilage from his right knee in 1939 and did not play professionally again.
Macdonald was instrumental in arranging contracts at Halifax for his younger brother Enoka Macdonald and nephew Mugwi Macdonald in 1948.
Tennis.
Macdonald was a member of the RNZAF tennis team that was beaten six matches to nil by the RAAF team at the All England Club at Wimbledon on 2 June 1945. A week later the RNZAF and South African Services met at Wimbledon, with the South Africans declared the winners 53 games to 51, after the match score was tied 3–3. Macdonald lost both his singles match and doubles match.
Service in World War II.
In World War II, Macdonald enlisted initially in the RAF and later served in the RNZAF. He was a leading aircraftman in February 1943, but by March 1944 he was a pilot officer, and by November 1944 he had been promoted to flying officer.
Later life.
Macdonald remained in England after the war and owned several restaurants in London. He returned to New Zealand in 1975 and died in Picton on 1 January 1982.
He was inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21462607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462607" title="Szeged Synagogue">
Szeged Synagogue

The Szeged Synagogue () is a synagogue in Szeged, Hungary. It is a 1907 building designed by the Jewish Hungarian architect Lipót Baumhorn (1860–1932,), whose work is considered to contain the finest examples of the unique "fin de siecle" Hungarian blending of Art Nouveau and Historicist styles sometimes known as Magyar style. It served Szeged's large Neolog community.
The building's interior, with its tall domed ceiling, draws on multiple historical styles to produce its overall Art Nouveau/Moorish Revival style. The rib-like wall above the organ has Gothic origins, while the columns supporting the galleries are Roman.
The interior of the great dome, and all of the building's stained glass, are the work of the artist Miksa Róth.
The design of the Torah Ark alludes to the Holy of Holies in the Temple of Solomon by using sittimwood from the banks of Nile, the wood called for in the building of the Temple of Solomon in 1 Kings. The hinges are in the shape of the Hysop plant, a plant used in the ancient Temple service.
The Szeged Synagogue is the second largest in Hungary after the Dohány Street Synagogue in Budapest, and the 4th largest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="21462612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462612" title="Profiling (information science)">
Profiling (information science)

In information science, profiling refers to the process of construction and application of profiles generated by computerized data analysis.
This involves the use of algorithms or other mathematical techniques that allow the discovery of patterns or correlations in large quantities of data, aggregated in databases. When these patterns or correlations are used to identify or represent people, they can be called "profiles". Other than a discussion of profiling "technologies" or "population profiling", the notion of profiling in this sense is not just about the construction of profiles, but also concerns the "application" of group profiles to individuals, e. g., in the cases of credit scoring, price discrimination, or identification of security risks .
Profiling is not simply a matter of computerized pattern-recognition; it enables refined price-discrimination, targeted servicing, detection of fraud, and extensive social sorting. Real-time machine profiling constitutes the precondition for emerging socio-technical infrastructures envisioned by advocates of ambient intelligence, autonomic computing and ubiquitous computing .
One of the most challenging problems of the information society involves dealing with increasing data-overload. With the digitizing of all sorts of content as well as the improvement and drop in cost of recording technologies, the amount of available information has become enormous and increases exponentially. It has thus become important for companies, governments, and individuals to discriminate information from noise, detecting useful or interesting data. The development of profiling technologies must be seen against this background. These technologies are thought to efficiently collect and analyse data in order to find or test knowledge in the form of statistical patterns between data. This process, called Knowledge Discovery in Databases (KDD) , provides the profiler with sets of correlated data usable as "profiles".
The profiling process.
The technical process of profiling can be separated in several steps:
Data collection, preparation and mining all belong to the phase in which the profile is under construction. However, profiling also refers to the application of profiles, meaning the usage of profiles for the identification or categorization of groups or individual persons. As can be seen in step six (application), the process is circular. There is a feedback loop between the construction and the application of profiles. The interpretation of profiles can lead to the reiterant – possibly real-time – fine-tuning of specific previous steps in the profiling process. The application of profiles to people whose data were not used to construct the profile is based on data matching, which provides new data that allows for further adjustments. The process of profiling is both dynamic and adaptive. A good illustration of the dynamic and adaptive nature of profiling is the Cross-Industry Standard Process for Data Mining (CRISP-DM).
Types of profiling practices.
In order to clarify the nature of profiling technologies some crucial distinctions have to be made between different types of profiling practices, apart from the distinction between the construction and the application of profiles. The main distinctions are those between bottom-up and top-down profiling (or supervised and unsupervised learning), and between individual and group profiles.
Supervised and unsupervised learning.
Profiles can be classified according to the way they have been generated . On the one hand, profiles can be generated by testing a hypothesized correlation. This is called top-down profiling or supervised learning. This is similar to the methodology of traditional scientific research in that it starts with a hypothesis and consists of testing its validity. The result of this type of profiling is the verification or refutation of the hypothesis. One could also speak of deductive profiling. On the other hand, profiles can be generated by exploring a data base, using the data mining process to detect patterns in the data base that were not previously hypothesized. In a way, this is a matter of generating hypothesis: finding correlations one did not expect or even think of. Once the patterns have been mined, they will enter the loop – described above – and will be tested with the use of new data. This is called unsupervised learning.
Two things are important with regard to this distinction. First, unsupervised learning algorithms seem to allow the construction of a new type of knowledge, not based on hypothesis developed by a researcher and not based on causal or motivational relations but exclusively based on stochastical correlations. Second, unsupervised learning algorithms thus seem to allow for an inductive type of knowledge construction that does not require theoretical justification or causal explanation .
Some authors claim that if the application of profiles based on computerized stochastical pattern recognition 'works', i.e. allows for reliable predictions of future behaviours, the theoretical or causal explanation of these patterns does not matter anymore . However, the idea that 'blind' algorithms provide reliable information does not imply that the information is neutral. In the process of collecting and aggregating data into a database (the first three steps of the process of profile construction), translations are made from real-life events to machine-readable data. These data are then prepared and cleansed to allow for initial computability. Potential bias will have to be located at these points, as well as in the choice of algorithms that are developed. It is not possible to mine a database for all possible linear and non-linear correlations, meaning that the mathematical techniques developed to search for patterns will be determinate of the patterns that can be found. In the case of machine profiling, potential bias is not informed by common sense prejudice or what psychologists call stereotyping, but by the computer techniques employed in the initial steps of the process. These techniques are mostly invisible for those to whom profiles are applied (because their data match the relevant group profiles).
Individual and group profiles.
Profiles must also be classified according to the kind of subject they refer to. This subject can either be an individual or a group of people. When a profile is constructed with the data of a single person, this is called individual profiling . This kind of profiling is used to discover the particular characteristics of a certain individual, to enable unique identification or the provision of personalized services. However, personalized servicing is most often also based on group profiling, which allows categorisation of a person as a certain type of person, based on the fact that her profile matches with a profile that has been constructed on the basis of massive amounts of data about massive numbers of other people. A group profile can refer to the result of data mining in data sets that refer to an existing community that considers itself as such, like a religious group, a tennis club, a university, a political party etc. In that case it can describe previously unknown patterns of behaviour or other characteristics of such a group (community). A group profile can also refer to a category of people that do not form a community, but are found to share previously unknown patterns of behaviour or other characteristics . In that case the group profile describes specific behaviours or other characteristics of a category of people, like for instance women with blue eyes and red hair, or adults with relatively short arms and legs. These categories may be found to correlate with health risks, earning capacity, mortality rates, credit risks, etc.
If an individual profile is applied to the individual that it was mined from, then that is direct individual profiling. If a group profile is applied to an individual whose data match the profile, then that is indirect individual profiling, because the profile was generated using data of other people. Similarly, if a group profile is applied to the group that it was mined from, then that is direct group profiling . However, in as far as the application of a group profile to a group implies the application of the group profile to individual members of the group, it makes sense to speak of indirect group profiling, especially if the group profile is non-distributive.
Distributive and non-distributive profiling.
Group profiles can also be divided in terms of their distributive character . A group profile is distributive when its properties apply equally to all the members of its group: all bachelors are unmarried, or all persons with a specific gene have 80% chance to contract a specific disease. A profile is non-distributive when the profile does not necessarily apply to all the members of the group: the group of persons with a specific postal code have an average earning capacity of XX, or the category of persons with blue eyes has an average chance of 37% to contract a specific disease. Note that in this case the chance of an individual to have a particular earning capacity or to contract the specific disease will depend on other factors, e.g. sex, age, background of parents, previous health, education. It should be obvious that, apart from tautological profiles like that of bachelors, most group profiles generated by means of computer techniques are non-distributive. This has far-reaching implications for the accuracy of indirect individual profiling based on data matching with non-distributive group profiles. Quite apart from the fact that the application of accurate profiles may be unfair or cause undue stigmatisation, most group profiles will not be accurate.
Application domains.
Profiling technologies can be applied in a variety of different domains and for a variety of purposes. These profiling practices will all have different effect and raise different issues.
Knowledge about the behaviour and preferences of customers is of great interest to the commercial sector. On the basis of profiling technologies, companies can predict the behaviour of different types of customers. Marketing strategies can then be tailored to the people fitting these types. Examples of profiling practices in marketing are customers loyalty cards, customer relationship management in general, and personalized advertising.[http://epic.org/privacy/profiling/][https://www.datenschutzzentrum.de/guetesiegel/register.htm][https://www.datenschutzzentrum.de/guetesiegel/kurzgutachten/g041006/]
In the financial sector, institutions use profiling technologies for fraud prevention and credit scoring. Banks want to minimise the risks in giving credit to their customers. On the basis of extensive group profiling customers are assigned a certain scoring value that indicates their creditworthiness. Financial institutions like banks and insurance companies also use group profiling to detect fraud or money-laundering. Databases with transactions are searched with algorithms to find behaviours that deviate from the standard, indicating potentially suspicious transactions.
In the context of employment, profiles can be of use for tracking employees by monitoring their online behaviour, for the detection of fraud by them, and for the deployment of human resources by pooling and ranking their skills.
Profiling can also be used to support people at work, and also for learning, by intervening in the design of adaptive hypermedia systems personalising the interaction. For instance, this can be useful for supporting the management of attention .
In forensic science, the possibility exists of linking different databases of cases and suspects and mining these for common patterns. This could be used for solving existing cases or for the purpose of establishing risk profiles of potential suspects .
Risks and issues.
Profiling technologies have raised a host of ethical, legal and other issues including privacy, equality, due process, security and liability. Numerous authors have warned against the affordances of a new technological infrastructure that could emerge on the basis of semi-autonomic profiling technologies .
Privacy is one of the principal issues raised. Profiling technologies make possible a far-reaching monitoring of an individual's behaviour and preferences. Profiles may reveal personal or private information about individuals that they might not even be aware of themselves .
Profiling technologies are by their very nature discriminatory tools. They allow unparalleled kinds of social sorting and segmentation which could have unfair effects. The people that are profiled may have to pay higher prices, they could miss out on important offers or opportunities, and they may run increased risks because catering to their needs is less profitable . In most cases they will not be aware of this, since profiling practices are mostly invisible and the profiles themselves are often protected by intellectual property or trade secret. This poses a threat to the equality of and solidarity of citizens. On a larger scale, it might cause the segmentation of society.
One of the problems underlying potential violations of privacy and non-discrimination is that the process of profiling is more often than not invisible for those that are being profiled. This creates difficulties in that it becomes hard, if not impossible, to contest the application of a particular group profile. This disturbs principles of due process: if a person has no access to information on the basis of which she is withheld benefits or attributed certain risks, she cannot contest the way she is being treated .
Profiles can be used against people when they end up in the hands of people who are not entitled to access or use them. An important issue related to these breaches of security is identity theft.
When the application of profiles causes harm, the liability for this harm has to be determined who is to be held accountable. Is the software programmer, the profiling service provider, or the profiled user to be held accountable? This issue of liability is especially complex in the case the application and decisions on profiles have also become automated like in Autonomic Computing or ambient intelligence decisions of automated decisions based on profiling.

</doc>
<doc id="21462635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462635" title="İsmail Özgür Göktaş">
İsmail Özgür Göktaş

İsmail Özgür Göktaş (born 23 April 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Tarsus Idman Yurdu. He is one of the young players of Bursaspor whom coach Samet Aybaba trusted and gave the opportunity to play 2007–2008 season. He's regarded as a promising right winger. Göktaş loan in Kasımpaşa.

</doc>
<doc id="21462648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462648" title="Denis Wolf">
Denis Wolf

Denis Santos Wolf (born 15 January 1983) is a Filipino–German footballer who plays as a forward for Global FC and the Philippines national team.
Club career.
Wolf started as a youth at Germania Grasdorf and then moved to Hanover 96 in 2001. After playing for the youth team, he mainly played for the reserve side in the Oberliga. In 2003, he managed to break into the first team making four appearances and scored one goal in the Bundesliga within the first half of the 2003–04 season.
In early June 2005, Wolf joined Fortuna Düsseldorf on loan for the 2005–06 season, after only four seasons with Hannover. He would end up signing for the club permanently in July 2006.
He then moved to rivals Rot-Weiß Erfurt for the 2007–08 season, spending two season with the club being a regular, making 56 appearances and scoring 12 goals. He eventually moved to Magdeburg in 2009. 
However, in August 2009, he underwent knee surgery which kept him out until December. He made his debut for Magdeburg on 14 February 2010 against Türkiyemspor Berlin, but was substituted after only 15 minutes.
Following a dismal 2011–12 season where 1.FC Magdeburg saw themselves in 18th and last place in the Regionalliga Nord, on 20 May 2012, the management decided to release almost a dozen players, including Wolf, to begin rebuilding as quickly as possible.
In September 2012, it was announced that Wolf has signed with Filipino side Global FC.
International career.
Being of Filipino descent, Wolf expressed his desire to represent the Philippines internationally. In mid-January 2012, he arrived in Manila to link up with the Philippines national football team ahead of the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup and made his unofficial debut against Korean side Icheon Citizen FC. He continued to make unofficial appearances for the Philippines when he joined the team in their Mideast tour in mid-February which also saw him score against Qatari side Al Ahli. On 29 February 2012, he got his official debut in a friendly match against Malaysia, scoring in the Philippines' only goal, before Malaysia managed to get an equalizer in second half. injury time. On 27 September 2012, he then scored his first international hat-trick in a 5–0 win against Macau. On 29 September 2012, scored the first goal in a 3-1 win against Chinese Taipei national football team

</doc>
<doc id="21462652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462652" title="Albert Taylor (rower)">
Albert Taylor (rower)

Albert Taylor (born 1911, date of death unknown) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the Canadian boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21462667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462667" title="Nykysuomen sanakirja">
Nykysuomen sanakirja

Nykysuomen sanakirja (The Dictionary of Modern Finnish or The Dictionary of Contemporary Finnish) is a Finnish language dictionary published between 1951 and 1961 in six separate volumes. The dictionary was edited by the Finnish Literature Society and published by WSOY. It is the first monolingual Finnish dictionary and has over 201,000 headwords. It is the most comprehensive Finnish language dictionary. Throughout the years, it has enjoyed major academic significance. The dictionary has never been updated: all later editions contain the same content, which reflects the language as it was before the mid-20th century. The need for a modern dictionary has led to the publication of "The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish".
History.
The dictionary was initiated on 17 November 1927 by the decision of Eduskunta because, reportedly, there had been problems with word ambiguity and clarity in law-making. The initial roadmap was drafted in 1927 and 1928 and the Finnish Literature Society was given a grant for the development of the book. The first editor-in-chief was professor Martti Airila, who was followed in 1939 by professor Matti Sadeniemi.
The Second World War almost completely stalled the editorial work. In 1945 the dictionary had reached the letter L. The first volume was published in 1951, followed by five more volumes. The last volume was printed in 1961. An abbreviated "people's edition" was published in 1967, consisting of three volumes.
The original version remains unchanged—the dictionary only reflects the language as it was no later than 1961. There have been numerous reprintings: 15th edition was published in 2002.
Because the dictionary only reflects relatively dated language, and because the colloquial language in particular has greatly changed, it has been partly replaced by KOTUS's dictionaries during the 1990s, especially in regards to today's modern language. They include: "The Basic Dictionary of the Finnish Language" ("Suomen kielen perussanakirja"), published between 1990 and 1994, and its revised version "The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish" ("Kielitoimiston sanakirja"), published in 2006. However, Nykysuomen sanakirja remains the most comprehensive Finnish language dictionary as it contains over 201,000 headwords, far more comprehensive than the under 100,000 headwords of the "Research Institute for the Languages of Finland" dictionaries.
Style.
Nykysuomen sanakirja is normative-descriptive dictionary: in addition to definitions of the words it also contains recommendations for proper use of the words. Each headword has a number, which gives its index in the word inflection table as presented in the beginning of the book. Words are defined by compact descriptions, and with the use of synonyms, followed by example phrases and compound word examples.

</doc>
<doc id="21462672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462672" title="Blagoja Kitanovski">
Blagoja Kitanovski

Blagoja Kitanovski (, born 14 July 1962) is a football coach from Macedonia. 
Career.
Born in Bitola, Kitanovski started playing at FK Pelister in the Yugoslav Second League, and had a football career that included playing in Yugoslav First League clubs FK Radnički Niš and FK Vojvodina beside a season in Spanish La Liga with CE Sabadell FC. 
After retiring he became a coach. He coached the Macedonian under-21 national team in 1999. Afterwards he was the main coach of Pelister, Tikveš, Sloga and Milano.

</doc>
<doc id="21462677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462677" title="Khan Jahan">
Khan Jahan

Khan Jahan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21462682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462682" title="List of Icelandic ministries">
List of Icelandic ministries

This is a list of Icelandic government ministries.

</doc>
<doc id="21462685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462685" title="Don Boal">
Don Boal

Donald "Don" Gordon Boal (September 20, 1907 – July 31, 1953) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Toronto and died in a car accident in Ottawa.
In 1932 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the Olympic eights event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the Canadian boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21462686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462686" title="Cascade Aerospace">
Cascade Aerospace

Cascade Aerospace Inc. of Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada is a Canadian speciality aerospace and defence contractor focused on providing long-term integrated aircraft support programs for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), military, government and commercial customers. Cascade Aerospace is a member of the Aerospace Industries Association of Canada (AIAC). Cascade Aerospace was acquired by the IMP Group in December 2012.
Facility.
Cascade Aerospace is headquartered in a facility at the Abbotsford International Airport, in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. The facility was built in 2000 and is designed and equipped to accommodate eight narrow-body aircraft. Cascade Aerospace also has a satellite operation in Trenton, Ontario on the Canadian Forces Base.
History.
Cascade Aerospace Inc. began as a vision to build a world-class airplane repair station. The dream that inspired the vision began with Barry Marsden, Cascade's founder who got his pilot's license at 17 and thus began a lifelong relationship with machines that fly. Marsden's love of flying led him to co-found Conair Group, a specialty aviation services firm, in 1969.
Conair's initial focus was aerial forest fire control. The experience acquired in developing specialty aviation products and operating and maintaining a fleet of 90 aircraft gave Conair the expertise required to offer third-party maintenance and modifications. That expertise inspired a more expansive vision. By 1993, Marsden, forward thinking about aviation - envisioned a new enterprise dedicated to providing third-party maintenance. That vision became a reality when Conair moved into a new, state-of-the-art, facility in December 2000. In spring 2001, the third-party maintenance division became a separate company with a new name: Cascade Aerospace.
The passion and foresight that the founders brought to Cascade attracted other skilled and dedicated people to the company. The leadership team continued to diversify the company - entering into the military realm in 2005 when the company won its first contract with Canada's Department of National Defence for the total fleet management of Canada's fleet of Lockheed C-130 Hercules tactical airlift aircraft. Today, Cascade Aerospace offers its services and products to aircraft operators around the world, and is partnered with some of the most respected OEMs in the global aerospace business.
In 2010, Cascade had won the contract for in-service support contract for the Royal Canadian Air Force’s new CC-130J Super Hercules. In 2013, Cascade won the contract worth up to $225 million for long-term maintenance services on the planes, the government announced Thursday. The contract is for work on Canada’s CC-130H Hercules fleet’s avionics system This newest contract bundles several smaller ones under a broader framework, making Cascade Aerospace the prime service provider for various elements of the aircraft’s avionics systems. These elements include program management as well as engineering, maintenance, materiel and technical information support.
As of 4 June, 2014 Cascade Aerospace has been in a labour dispute with its union; UNIFOR Local 114, when all 440 mechanics, avionics technicians, sheet metal technicians, support clerks and stores personnel, walked off their jobs on strike at 11:00 am. The company is seeking a two tier wages and benefits agreement for future recruits. The union is opposed to the two tier arrangement. As of 24 June 2014 no resolution had been reached and the strikers were still in front of the company gates with picket signs.

</doc>
<doc id="21462697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462697" title="Kitulu Day Secondary School">
Kitulu Day Secondary School

Kitulu Day Secondary School is a secondary school located in Machakos County, Eastern Province, Kenya. It was established in 2001 to cater for the bright students from Kivandini (Kipandini) Division and its environs, whose parents could not afford the fees charged in boarding school.
Its first Principal was Mwikya P (2nd was/is Kituu P.) He was instrumental in acquiring more land for the school as the one donated by Kitulu Primary School was very small. The school has been performing relatively well in the district having attained position 1 on several occasions.(District schools).
The school's board of governors is chaired by Hon Kikuyu (Former M.P. Machakos Town Constituency.) 

</doc>
<doc id="21462703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462703" title="Gilles Marini">
Gilles Marini

Gilles Marini (born January 26, 1976) is a French-American actor. He is known for having appeared in "Sex and the City: The Movie" and in the American television series "Brothers & Sisters" as Luc Laurent.
Early life.
Marini was born in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes, France to a Greek mother and Italian father. After working as a baker in his father's bakery since he was eight years old and high school, he joined the French army and was stationed in Paris, where he acted as a fireman for the Paris Fire Brigade. It was in Paris where Marini met Fred Goudon, a photographer who introduced him to the world of modeling. After fulfilling his military duties, he went to the United States to learn English while working as a model. He began his career as a model in his early twenties. One of his first jobs was a television commercial for Bud Light beer. He made his acting debut at the age of 29, in the 2005 horror flick "Screech of the Decapitated".
Career.
He played Dante in "Sex and the City: The Movie", in which he did a full frontal nude scene. He has appeared on "Brothers & Sisters", "Ugly Betty", "Dirty Sexy Money", "Criminal Minds", "Nip/Tuck", "The Bold and the Beautiful","Passions"and "2 Broke Girls". His film credits include "One and the Other (L'Une et L'Autre)" and "The Boys & Girls Guide to Getting Down". On February 8, 2009, it was announced that Marini would participate in the eighth season of "Dancing with the Stars". His professional partner was Cheryl Burke. He also took part in the fifteenth season of "Dancing with the Stars" for another chance to win the mirrorball trophy. He danced with season fourteen winner, Peta Murgatroyd. They were the eighth couple eliminated from the competition, alongside Kirstie Alley and Maksim Chmerkovskiy.
He was introduced as a recurring character on ABC's hit family drama "Brothers & Sisters". He played Luc Laurent, the French love interest of Rachel Griffiths' character Sarah Walker in what was originally was supposed to be a five episode arc, but was promoted to a series regular. The series was cancelled in May 2011, after the fifth season ended. He also appears as Bay Kennish's biological father, Angelo Sorrento, in "Switched at Birth". On September 18, it was announced that he would become a series regular for the second season.
"Dancing with the Stars" performances.
Gilles and his professional partner, Cheryl Burke came in as the runners-up of the American televised ballroom dancing competition, "Dancing with the Stars". On May 19, 2009, then-seventeen year old gymnast Shawn Johnson and her partner, Mark Ballas were crowned champions of that season, defeating Marini & Burke by 1%. 
Season 8: with professional dance partner Cheryl Burke.
Season average: 28.1
Personal life.
Marini married his wife, Carole, in 1998. They have two children, a son Georges (born 1998) and a daughter, Julianna (born 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="21462709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462709" title="Bougoula, Koulikoro">
Bougoula, Koulikoro

Bougoula is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 11 villages and at the time of the 2009 census had a population of 10,780. The village of Bougoula is 50 km south of the Malian capital, Bamako. 

</doc>
<doc id="21462710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462710" title="William Thoburn (rower)">
William Thoburn (rower)

William Thoburn (December 3, 1906 – June 1997) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Quebec City.
In 1932 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the Olympic eights event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the Canadian boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21462716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462716" title="Meritech Capital Partners">
Meritech Capital Partners

Meritech Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on late stage venture capital investments in information technology companies with a focus on consumer Internet and media, software and services, enterprise infrastructure, and medical devices.
The Palo Alto, California-based firm, was founded in 1999 with sponsorship from Accel Partners, Oak Investment Partners, Redpoint Ventures and Worldview Technology Partners. Since 2003, however, Meritech has independently operated and invested in later stage technology companies. The firm has raised approximately $2.6 billion since inception across four funds.
Among Meritech's most notable investments are Cornerstone OnDemand, Fortinet, and Salesforce.com. Other notable investments include Anaplan, 2Wire, Tableau Software, Sourcefire, Riverbed, Netezza, Netsuite, IntraLase, and Cloudera.

</doc>
<doc id="21462723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462723" title="Powlesland and Mason (railway shunting contractors)">
Powlesland and Mason (railway shunting contractors)

Powlesland and Mason were a company that provided steam locomotives and crews for shunting within Swansea Docks. The first name has sometimes been spelt "Powesland" and it is uncertain which spelling is correct.
Early history.
Powlesland and Mason (P&M) were a Swansea-based firm that existed between 1903 and the merger of their railway operations into the Great Western Railway (GWR) on 1 January 1924. As at 1 January 1924, P&M were operating nine steam locomotives on shunting activities within Swansea docks, supplementing the locomotives of the Swansea Harbour Trust.
Operations under GWR ownership.
The GWR continued to use the ex-P&M steam locomotives for shunting and short-trip freight train workings throughout the GWR's existence. Latterly, some P&M locomotives were based at locomotive sheds away from the immediate vicinity of Swansea docks, including Danygraig shed, to the east of Swansea, which was located to the west of Jersey Marine railway station.
Locomotives operated.
Powlesland and Mason utilised a fleet of nine 0-4-0ST saddle tank shunting locomotives on their railway duties within Swansea docks. The locos had been built between 1874 and 1916. The oldest, P&M No.7, was a former Raven Class broad gauge locomotive constructed for the South Devon Railway Company in 1874, and was sold by the GWR to P&M in 1906.
The P&M engines had been built by five different firms of locomotive constructors: Peckett and Sons (4 locos); Brush Electrical (2 locos); Avonside (1 loco); Andrew Barclay (1 loco); and Hawthorn Leslie and Company (1 loco). 
Four of the locomotives survived to be taken into ownership of British Railways Western Region in 1948 and the last to be withdrawn from service was Peckett-built BR No. 1152 (P&M No. 12; GWR No. 935) in 1963.
One Powlesland and Mason locomotive survives in preservation. This is P&M loco No.6 (GWR No. 921) built by Brush in 1903/06 and sold by the GWR in 1929 to a private operator for further service. It is on public display, but not operational, at the Snibston Discovery Park near Coalville wearing No. 921.
References.
RCTS. Locomotives of the Great Western Railway. Part 10. Absorbed engines, 1922-1947. 1966

</doc>
<doc id="21462741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462741" title="João Nílson Zunino">
João Nílson Zunino

João Nílson Zunino commonly known as Zunino (born, 1946 in São João Batista, Brazil). He is the current president of Avaí Futebol Clube since 2002, succeeded Flávio Ricardo Félix. He is also a cardiology doctor and a businessman.

</doc>
<doc id="21462763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462763" title="Noel Stagg">
Noel Stagg

Noel Stagg (born 1968) is hurling and football player. He resides in Hollymount in Mayo, Ireland.
Personal life.
He is married and has a son Ian and daughter Amy.

</doc>
<doc id="21462769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462769" title="Harry Fry">
Harry Fry

Harry Brittain Fry (September 13, 1905 – 1985) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the Canadian boat in the eights competition. In 1932 he was a crew member of the Canadian boat which won the bronze medal in the Olympic eights event. Four years later he was eliminated with the Canadian boat in the repêchage of the 1936 eights competition.
Fry was born and died in Dundas.

</doc>
<doc id="21462776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462776" title="Maja Ksulje e Priftit">
Maja Ksulje e Priftit

Maja Ksulje e Priftit (Macedonian and , Šerupa) is mountain peak found in the tri-point of Kosovo, Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. It is high and is found in the south-west of the Šar Mountains. Albania contains the south-west and north-west, Kosovo the north-east and south-east and Macedonia the south.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="21462787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462787" title="Erik Leue">
Erik Leue

Erik Leue (born August 9, 1985) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. He won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-2 1000 m: 2009) and a silver (C-4 1000 m: 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="21462792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462792" title="Ministry of Culture and Tourism (Ethiopia)">
Ministry of Culture and Tourism (Ethiopia)

The Ethiopian Ministry of Culture and Tourism is the part of the Government of Ethiopia responsible for developing and promoting the tourist products of Ethiopia both inside the country and internationally. In doing so the Ministry closely works together with different national and international stakeholders. 
It publicizes the country's resources of tourist attractions and encourages the development of tourist facilities. It also licenses and supervises establishments of tourist facilities such as hotels and tour operators, and sets the standards for them.
Ethiopia is blessed with abundant natural tourist attractions, including 8 listed World Heritage sites, but the Ministry of Culture and Tourism still struggles to attract tourists in decent numbers owing to poor investment, security, and does not have any cohesive tourism development or promotion strategy. As a result most tourists fly over Ethiopia to Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, South Africa to name a few countries. 
Nevertheless the Ministry puts out regular press releases every year claiming 300-400,000+ tourist have visited Ethiopia every year, despite Ethiopia having only about 3000 hotel rooms, and of that only 2000 are tourist class rooms. 
The reality is that every transit passenger on Ethiopian Airlines who spends a night-in-transit in Addis Ababa on a connecting flight is classed as a tourist for statistics and reporting.
Ministers.
The Ministry is run by a Minister and two state Ministers.
Recent controversies.
The Ministry of Culture and Tourism is responsible for developing and promoting tourism in Ethiopia. Most recently it has been embroiled in a major international scandal surrounding the Celebration of the Ethiopia Millennium in 2007. Despite written promises to reimburse participants for travel and expenses, as well as paying the hosting and production costs, in order to improve Ethiopia's poor international image at their own expense, Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas and officials from the Ministry simply refused to honor these commitments once the girls came to Ethiopia and the pageant took place, citing poverty. Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas the former State Minister and person behind this event, at one point went as far as stating that Sheik Mohammed Al Amoudi had promised, but later failed to pay a portion of the hosting cost to the Ministry, as well as many other reasons for not paying.
During the visit to Ethiopia, the 37 contestants were paraded around state-owned enterprises by Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas who were all promoted as lead sponsors and were even received by the President of Ethiopia H.E. Girma Wolde-Giorgis, and also visited the African Union Headquarters, in Addis Ababa.
For two years the UK based organiser had been pressing the Ministry and various Officials of the Government of Ethiopia to pay them for the service obtained by Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas in his capacity as, the Ethiopian State Minister for Culture and Tourism representing the Ministry but the Ministry and Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas simply refused to pay a single penny of the costs to the company. since November 2007. 
The winners were never paid their prizes, nor were any of the technical crew ever paid. The hosting fee for Miss Tourism of the Millennium was also apparently never paid, and over US$250,000 in sponsorship money collected from local sponsors on instructions of Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas the Chairman of the fund-raising committee disappeared from the account. Several contestants were never reimbursed for their travel expenses to Ethiopia as promised by Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas. 
After two years of diplomatic negotiations with the Ministry and the Ethiopian Ambassador to the UK Ambassador Berhanu Kebede, in December 2009 in an unprecedented and landmark legal action, the company commenced formal legal action in the Royal Courts of Justice to recover the missing money and for breach of contract against the Ministry and Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas. In the High Court of Justice, Queens Bench Division, seeking a total payment of US$1,022,810.52, comprising US$488.500.00 principal debt and US$543,310.52 interest and late fees.
Since 2007 Miss Tourism of the Millennium pageant has not been hosted in Ethiopia. Instead Ethiopia and the Ministry face an international cultural boycott by all the top International pageant organisations.
In 2010 the Ministry of Culture and Tourism was one more at the center of a controversial Beauty pageant called Miss Ethiopia 2010.
The Ministry officials Mohamed Dirir, and Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas were fully involved and sanctioned the pageant in their official capacities, the pageant which was postponed many times saw the eventual winner promised lavish prizes of a car, and cash awards for the runners up, plus participation in international pageants.
It later emerged that Murad Mohammed the director of this version of Miss Ethiopia did not have any formal legally binding contract from the sponsor to provide any car to the winner, the pageants he also claimed to be sending the winners to did not recognize his claims as he did not hold any franchises rights to the pageants, and to date none of the girls from Miss Ethiopia 2010 have attended any of the International pageants he claimed they would, nor did they get their cash awards.
State run Ethiopian Television also made a documentary about this controversial pageant titled Ethiopian beauty contest that went wrong, available and posted on YouTube, in which unusual in a country like Ethiopia, contestants, former queens and models openly criticized the Minister Mohamed Dirir, and state Minister Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas and the Ministry of Culture and Tourism for once again modeling in beauty pageants, and this time going as far as supporting a known con man, who had previously cheated so many people, and had no track record in the pageant industry, instead of focusing on promoting tourism which is their core objective and mandate.
References.
Mon Pays Tours travel to ethiopia and plan the perfect vacation

</doc>
<doc id="21462810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462810" title="St. Stephen's Church, Rosslyn Hill">
St. Stephen's Church, Rosslyn Hill

St. Stephen's is a former church building in Hampstead, London. It is sited on Rosslyn Hill at its junction with Pond Street, a steep slope adjacent to the Royal Free Hospital, and held up to 1,200 worshippers at its peak.
History.
It was designed in the Neo Gothic style by Samuel Sanders Teulon and he considered it the best of the 114 churches he designed, calling it his "mighty church" - it was also the most expensive of them. He accepted the commission to design it after Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson, Lord of the Manor of Hampstead, offered Hampstead Green to be the site for a new church in 1864. From 1864 to 1867 funds were raised (the projected cost was estimated as £7,500 - the final sum was actually £27,000). 
Work began in January 1869, with the foundation stone being laid May that year and consecration by John Jackson the Bishop of London occurring on 31 December. It was fully complete by 1870, but was continually prone to subsidence due to its hilly site. By the later 1960s concerns had been raised on structural grounds and, with maintenance costs rising and its congregation declining, it was closed for worship in 1977. 
It was saved from demolition to provide a carpark for the hospital or being split into flats by being made a Grade 1 listed building in the late 1970s. However, it went into slow decay, with squatters, whilst discussions for a new used for it dragged on. 
A lease on it was awarded to the St Stephen's Restoration and Preservation Trust in 1999 and, after this body raised over £4 million from English Heritage, the Heritage Lottery Fund, local businesses and individual donors, it has restored it to a usable condition in three phases.
External links.
St Stephen’s Restoration & Preservation Trust official site

</doc>
<doc id="21462818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462818" title="Márton Metka">
Márton Metka

Márton Metka is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21462828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462828" title="Thomas Drescher">
Thomas Drescher

Thomas Drescher (born 24 November 1978 in Bad Nauheim) is a German footballer playing for 1. FC Eschborn. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

</doc>
<doc id="21462830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462830" title="Jasmina Djokic">
Jasmina Djokic

Jasmina Djokic (, , ) is a Serbian painter. She lives and works in Kruševac. She graduated at the Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Belgrade, in the painting department in 1997 in the class of professor Momcilo Antonović. Master studies completed on the same faculty in the class of professor Zoran Vukovic. She had 3 independent exhibitions (Belgrade, Kraljevo, Kruševac). She participated at several international group exhibitions in the country and abroad, as well as art colonies.

</doc>
<doc id="21462836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462836" title="Caulanthus californicus">
Caulanthus californicus

Caulanthus californicus (syn. "Stanfordia californica") is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names California jewelflower and St. Francis cabbage. 
It is endemic to California, where it has been known only from the San Joaquin Valley and the adjacent eastern slopes of the Central Coast Ranges, including the Carrizo Plain. Its range is dramatically decreased from its historical distribution, and the plant is a federally listed endangered species. 
This is an annual herb producing an erect or spreading branched stem which is variable in height. The rounded or oval, toothed leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and clasp the stem, mainly around the lower part. The inflorescence produces several rounded flowers, often only along one side of the stem. Each flower has pouched sepals which are dark purple when new and turn light green to white as the flower opens. The frilly petals inside are nearly white with purple veining. The fruit is a silique up to 6 centimeters long.
This endangered plant once occurred across the San Joaquin Valley and well into the surrounding coastal and Transverse Ranges, as well as the Sierra Nevada foothills. As the Central Valley floor was converted to agriculture on a large scale, the plant was extirpated from there. It currently exists in three remaining areas: the Carrizo Plain, Santa Barbara Canyon in Santa Barbara County, and the Kreyenhagen Hills in Fresno County. There are 20 occurrences remaining; at least 35 known occurrences have been extirpated.

</doc>
<doc id="21462838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462838" title="Róbert Mike">
Róbert Mike

Róbert Mike is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. He won two bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (C-2 1000 m: 2010, C-4 1000 m: 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="21462874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462874" title="Mátyás Sáfrán">
Mátyás Sáfrán

Mátyás Sáfrán (born January 23, 1986 in Székesfehérvár) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist who has competed since 2007. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
Sáfrán was also eliminated in the semifinals of the C-2 500 m event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="21462881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462881" title="Dragon Ball Z Game Music series">
Dragon Ball Z Game Music series

Dragon Ball Z Game Music is a series of soundtracks of various video games based on the popular anime "Dragon Ball Z" for the Famicom, Super Famicom, PlayStation, and Saturn consoles. They were produced from 1993 to 1996. Most, with some exceptions, were distributed by Forte Music Entertainment.
"Gaiden".
It features music that was composed and arranged by Keiju Ishikawa. For the most part, the arrangement is composed of synthesizer keyboard-based work with added drum loops; however, there are a few tracks that contain guitar work. One feature on this album is that the tracks are listed in English instead of Japanese.
"Super Butoden".
This album features arranged (reproduced in a higher quality of musical resources.) tracks that were performed by Hyper Monolith.
"Super Butoden 2".
This album features arranged tracks, two of which were performed by a live orchestra and the rest remixed reprises.
"Super Butoden 3".
This album features arranged (reproduced in a higher quality of musical resources) remixes by Kenji Yamamoto, since a majority of the compositions also appeared in "Super Butoden 2".
"Super Gokuden".
This feature arranged work composed by Kenji Yamamoto. A few tracks on this album were performed by orchestra. The soundtrack has been referred as ahead of its time.
"Ultimate Battle 22".
This features arranged versions of the games music that was composed by video game composer Kenji Yamamoto and vocal duet of the game closing theme Eien no Yakusoku by Hironobu Kageyama and Kuko.
"Awakening Compilation".
The album features music from both ' and ' composed and performed by Kenji Yamamoto. Also included, are the vocal versions of "Hikari no Willpower" and "Namidami Taina Ame ga Furu", plus vocal and karaoke version of "Eien no Yakusoku" by Hironobu Kageyama and Kuko.
"Rebirth Compilation".
This release includes music from ' and ' to name a few. The album cover has miss lead many people to believing that the album is exclusive to the music of Hyper Dimension.
Track Credits.
1-13.Kenji Yamamoto<br>
14.Hironobu Kageyama<br>
15.Shin'ichi Ishihara
"Idainaru Dragon Ball Densetsu".
The game has the distinction of being the only with game in the series with an original score during the 32 bit era. The music was composed and arranged by Kenji Yamamoto and includes three vocal version tracks by Hironobu Kageyama and Shin'ichi Ishihara. It should be noted that the red book from Saturn version of the game includes music that can be accessed when played in an ordinary CD player, but some of these track are opening narrative by the series narrator Joji Yanami.

</doc>
<doc id="21462892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462892" title="Gábor Balázs">
Gábor Balázs

Gábor Balázs is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since 2007. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 1000 m event at the 2007 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Duisburg.
References.
Gabor Balazs is training kids at KSI, Central Sport School of Hungary nowadays.

</doc>
<doc id="21462898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462898" title="Michael Lehmann (footballer)">
Michael Lehmann (footballer)

Michael Lehmann (born 16 October 1984 in Kaiserslautern) is a German footballer who plays for SC Idar-Oberstein. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

</doc>
<doc id="21462908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462908" title="Resolution (novel)">
Resolution (novel)

Resolution is a 2008 Western novel by Robert B. Parker. It is a sequel to the 2005 novel, "Appaloosa". It was followed in 2009 by "Brimstone".

</doc>
<doc id="21462915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462915" title="Bingley Music Live">
Bingley Music Live

Bingley Music Live is an annual music festival held in Myrtle Park, Bingley, West Yorkshire, England. The festival features a range of musical genres including rock, alternative rock, indie rock and pop music. Organised by City of Bradford Council, it is held on the Saturday and Sunday and since the 2009 event, also on the Friday at the end of August, with one of the days having free admission. 
First held in 2007, it was shortlisted in the ‘Best New Festival’ category of the Virtual Festival Awards.
The ethos of the event is to present high quality music at an affordable price and give a platform for local bands from across West Yorkshire to a large audience.
History.
Bingley Music Live evolved from a previous event at the same venue called Music At Myrtle. Music at Myrtle was first held in 1991, had free admission, and featured headline performances by tribute acts and bands from the 1960s and 1970s, such as The Searchers, Alvin Stardust, local band Smokie, Suzi Quatro, Showaddywaddy, Hot Chocolate, Edwin Starr and Boney M.
In 1998, it became a two-day event with the addition of The Pulse Party in The Park (external link). Programming for the Party in the Park was by local radio station, Pulse FM and featured contemporary pop acts, such as Rachel Stevens, McFly, Liberty X, Busted and Gareth Gates. In this format, it continued successfully for eight years.
In February 2007, it was announced that the event was to be cancelled because of escalating costs, shrinking audiences and a decline in support from the music industry for this type of event.
Bradford Council took on the sole responsibility for organising the event giving it a new identity as Bingley Music Live in September that year.
In 2009 the format was a free family night followed by a ticketed Saturday and Sunday lineup.
2007.
Saturday 1 September Line Up 
- Free Admission
Sunday 2 September Line Up 
- Ticketed day
2008.
Saturday 30 August Line Up 
- Ticketed day
Sunday 31 August Line Up 
- Free Admission
2009.
Friday 4 September 
- Free Admission
Saturday 5 September / Sunday 6 September
- Ticketed

</doc>
<doc id="21462931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462931" title="Outing (magazine)">
Outing (magazine)

Outing was a late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century American magazine covering a variety of sporting activities. It began publication in 1882 as the "Wheelman" "an illustrated magazine of cycling literature and news" and had four title changes before ceasing publication in 1923.
Samuel McClure edited the "Wheelman" for Colonel Albert Pope, Pope Manufacturing Company for bicycles for two years. Bicycling was the first outdoor sport to seize the Americans. Suddenly bicycling was all the rage.
In 1884 is was called "Outing and the Wheelman: An Illustrated Monthly Magazine of Recreation".
The magazine first published Jack London's novel "White Fang" in serial form. Frederic Remington submitted commissioned drawings of the Old West.

</doc>
<doc id="21462942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462942" title="Boglárka Kapás">
Boglárka Kapás

Boglárka Kapás (born April 22, 1993) is a female freestyle swimmer from Hungary. She was the youngest member (15 years, 111 days) of the Hungarian Olympic Squad (88 men and 83 women) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, PR China.
Kapás won Hungary's first ever gold medal at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in 200 m butterfly. Qualified for the final with the best time, she swam a personal best 2:08.72, finishing 1.4 seconds ahead of second placed Judit Ignacio. She won one more gold medal in 400 m freestyle and a silver medal in 200 m freestyle.
At the 2010 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Eindhoven Kapás won the silver medal in 800m freestyle, with a time of 8:18.56. The event was notable in that it was a heat-declared result (medals based on times from heats with no final swum), where Kapás won the heat for the top seeded swimmers by a comfortable margin; however, lost the event to Federica Pellegrini who had raced earlier in the 'slower' heat.
She passed the Olympic A-standard in 800m freestyle and earned a quota for the Games at the first meeting of the 2011 Mare Nostrum series in early June. In July 2011 at the 2011 Swimming World Championships she set a new national record in the same distance with a time of 8:24.79, which was enough for the fifth place. In November Kapás suffered a rib injury, that forced her to miss both the 2011 European Short Course Swimming Championships and the United States–Europe swimming gala.
After returning from injury, Kapás won the 800m freestyle event of the 2012 European Aquatics Championships on home soil in Debrecen.

</doc>
<doc id="21462946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462946" title="Dhabu">
Dhabu

The phrase "Dhabu" or "Dhaboo" is improvised version of the Marathi word "Dhabbu", which means money. The word "Dhabbu" is of archaic origin from the Vidarbha region of present Maharashtra. There used to be an ancient currency coin, called as "Dhabbu Paisa", and the Britishers started spelling this as "Dhabu" instead of "Dhabbu".
Some families of vidarbha region, who were in the profession of making these coins, were later identified with the surname "Dhabbu" or "Dhaboo", which later on i.e. during British Era became "Dhabu". Some families were also in the business of trading in Gold and Silver and some of them changed their surname to Saraf.
DHABUs or DHABOOs are basically Marathi Speaking families, belonging to Deshastha Brahmin caste. The origin of the DHABUs is present Vidarbha region (Central Provenience in the per-independence era). 
People with Dhabu/Dhaboo surname can be found in Nagpur,Pune, Nasik & Mumbai of Maharashtra, Korba, Raipur, Kanker, Bhilai & Rajnandgaon of CG, Jabalpur & Rewa of Madhya pradesh, Orissa, Jamshedpur and also in Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="21462950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462950" title="Patrick Wittich">
Patrick Wittich

Patrick Wittich (born July 3, 1982 in Kaiserslautern) is a German football player. As of February 2009, he plays for an amateur team TuS Altleiningen. He spent 2 seasons in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

</doc>
<doc id="21462955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462955" title="List of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder organizations">
List of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder organizations

Groups Supporting ADHD individuals.
In the UK:
In the US:
In the Middle East:

</doc>
<doc id="21462978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462978" title="Peter-Tobias Stoll">
Peter-Tobias Stoll

Peter-Tobias Stoll (born in 1959, in Wuppertal) is a German jurist. He is a professor of public international law at the Georg August University of Göttingen.
After studying law at the University of Hamburg, the University of Lausanne and the University of Bonn, he passed the two state examinations for law students and worked as a research fellow at the institute of international law of the University of Kiel, where he eventually earned his Dr. iur. (PhD in Law in Germany) in 1993. Thereafter he started to work at the Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law in Heidelberg until he went through with his habilitation in 2001. During that period he had been a visiting professor at the law school of the University of Minnesota and participated in several international negotiations as a legal consultant on behalf of the federal government of Germany including the federal Foreign Ministry, the federal Ministry of Agriculture and the federal Ministry of Environment.
Since 2001 he has held the Chair of public international law with a focus on international economic law at the University of Göttingen and is member of the advisory board of the Goettingen Journal of International Law.
Works (extract).
Publishers Leiden, Boston, 2006–2008

</doc>
<doc id="21462984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462984" title="Antonio María Romeu">
Antonio María Romeu

Antonio María Romeu Marrero (Jibacoa, Cuba, 11 September 1876 – Havana 18 January 1955) was a Cuban pianist, composer and bandleader. His orchestra was Cuba's leading charanga for over thirty years, specializing in the danzón.
Life & work.
Romeu studied music in 1884 with Joaquín Mariano Martínez, and practiced the piano at a local church by the beach in Jibacoa. At twelve he played at his first dance, and composed his first work. In 1899 he moved to Havana and played in cafés. He was invited to play in the "Orquesta Cervantes", one of several charangas founded at the beginning of the 1900s. Charangas supplanted the típicas as the standard instrumental line-up for the danzón. Initially called "charangas francesas" (though they have nothing to do with France), they were 'invented' at the start of the 20th century. The basic idea was to pitch the tone of the orchestra higher and brighter than the típica, by removing the brass, replacing the clarinet with a flute and replacing the kettle drums with a new invention, the "pailas criollas", now called timbales. The "Orquesta Cervantes" is the earliest known charanga to have included a piano.
Romeu founded his own orchestra in 1910. The initial line-up for "Orchestra Romeu" was: Romeu (piano); Feliciano Facenda (violin); Alfredo Valdés (flute); Rafael Calazán (double bass); Remigio Valdés (timbal); Juan de la Merced (güiro): quite a small group. By the 1920s the orchestra included Francisco Delabart (flute); Augusto Valdés (clarinet); Juan Quevedo (violin); Aurelio Valdés and Félix Vásquez (güiro); Antonio Ma. Romeu (son, violin); Pedro Hernández (violin); Dihigo (trumpet); Regueira (trombone) and José Antonio Díaz (flute). In the 1930s the orchestra added even more musicians, and became for a while a 'big band'. In wartime, with a diminution of tourism, the band reduced its size.
The danzón had been, since its beginning in the 1870s, an instrumental genre, but by 1927 bands began to include a singer. The Romeu band had, initially, Fernando Collazo, and in the 1930s Barbarito Diez. From the beginning, and throughout his career, Romeu employed musicians of all racial types, as Cuban bands had done since at least 1800.
When Romeu died, the orchestra was led for a while by his son, also Antonio María Romeu, then by Barbarito Diez. It still played the traditional danzón, but now was called the "Orquesta de Barbarito Diez".
Compositions.
Romeu wrote over 500 danzones, many of which have been adapted for other Cuban rhythms; some were completely original, others were adaptations of existing works. His most famous work was "Tres lindas cubanas", which was an arrangement of a much older work. Other famous danzones were "Siglo XX", "La danza do los milliones", "El servicio obligartorio", "Cinta azul", "El mago de las teclas", "Jíbacoa", and "La flauta magica" (in collaboration with Alfredo Brito). Arrangements of "Guarina" and "Perla marina" (Sindo Garay), "Mares y arenas" (Rosendo Ruiz), "Mercedes" (Manuel Corona), "Aquella boca" (Eusebio Delfín), "La cleptomanía" (Manuel Luna) show his prowess as an arranger.

</doc>
<doc id="21462995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21462995" title="Maja e Tomorrit">
Maja e Tomorrit

Maja e Tomorrit is one of the highest peaks of the Tomorr mountain in southern Albania. It is above sea level and is found at the south of Tomorr.

</doc>
<doc id="21463005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463005" title="Dmitriy Sabin">
Dmitriy Sabin

Dmitriy Sabin (sometimes listed as Dmytro Sablin, born February 7, 1979) is a Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed in the early 2000s. He won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-1 200 m: 2001) and a bronze (C-2 200 m: 2003). Sabin also won a silver in the C-1 200 m event at the 2002 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Seville, but was disqualified for doping though he was allowed to compete at the following year's world championships.
Sabin also finished eighth in the C-2 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="21463013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463013" title="New York State Archives">
New York State Archives

The New York State Archives is a unit of the Office of Cultural Education within the New York State Education Department, with its main facility located in the Cultural Education Center on Madison Avenue in Albany, New York, United States. The New York State Library and the New York State Museum are also located in the Cultural Education Center. 
Organization.
The New York State Archives was established in 1971 to preserve and make accessible recorded evidence documenting New York State’s history, governments, events, and peoples from the 17th century to the present. Full operations began in 1978 when the organization’s storage and research facility opened in the Cultural Education Center (CEC). The facility provides access to over 200 million documents relating to Dutch and British colonial rule, as well as to records from the legislative, judicial, and executive branches of state government. Topics covered in those records include relations with American Indians, the Erie Canal and westward expansion, industrial development, labor, the rise of the modern social welfare system, public education, public health, the environmental movement, and numerous military conflicts.
In 1987 the New York State Archives assumed the responsibility for overseeing management and disposition of state government records, including operation of the State Records Center in Albany. Legislation in 1988 created the Documentary Heritage Program that provided for regional technical advisory services and competitive grants to historical societies, museums, libraries, and other nonprofit organizations holding historical records. A local government records law in 1987 required the appointment of records management officers in 4300 local governments, including every county, city, town, village, and school and special district. A Local Government Records Management Improvement Fund was established in 1989 to support technical advisory services and competitive grants to local governments to help them develop and maintain records management programs. Under this legislation nine regional offices were created to provide archives and records management advice and support to every area of the State. 
The New York State Archives serves students and teachers, scholars and community researchers, government officials, the legal and business community, and the general public. It encourages students through awards, grants, and internships; helps teachers use historical documents as primary source material in the classroom; and offers stipends for research using State Archives’ records. The nonprofit Archives Partnership Trust, established in 1992, provides support for preservation of and access to the treasures of the State Archives, educational projects that make historical records available to teachers and students and programs that promote New York State’s archives and history.
References.
Roe, Kathleen. “New York State Archives,” The Encyclopedia of New York State, Editor Peter Eisenstadt, Syracuse University Press, 2005; ISBN 0-8156-0808-X

</doc>
<doc id="21463026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463026" title="Caulanthus cooperi">
Caulanthus cooperi

Caulanthus cooperi is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Cooper's wild cabbage. It is native to the southwestern United States and Baja California, where it is a common plant in a number of open, sandy habitats. This annual herb produces a slender, somewhat twisted stem with widely lance-shaped to oblong leaves clasping it. The flower has a rounded or urn-shaped coat of pinkish or pale greenish sepals enclosing light yellow or pale purple petals. The fruit is a straight or curving silique several centimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="21463029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463029" title="Daban, Kati Cercle">
Daban, Kati Cercle


</doc>
<doc id="21463044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463044" title="Dialakoroba">
Dialakoroba


</doc>
<doc id="21463049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463049" title="Thai tailor scam">
Thai tailor scam

Thai Tailor Scam (also known as the Bangkok Tailor Scam) is one of the most common confidence trick performed in many tourist hotspots in Thailand, like Pattaya, Bangkok, Phuket, and beach towns like Khao Lak. 
The scam.
The scam usually involves a friendly person approaching their chosen victim, offering quality tailor made clothes for cheaper than in department stores. The seller will claim to have an international export company that just opened. After paying up front, the buyer will receive a low-quality, ill-fitting garment made of polyester rather than the promised cashmere or other high quality thread. Scammers may not always be Thai: in one case, a Singaporean had been working with Thais to trick Singaporean tourists. The scam is listed on the New Zealand Embassy website.

</doc>
<doc id="21463055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463055" title="Rosslyn Hill Unitarian Chapel">
Rosslyn Hill Unitarian Chapel

The Rosslyn Hill Unitarian Chapel is a place of worship in Hampstead, London. It is a member of the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches, the umbrella organisation for British Unitarians.
Building.
The chapel, which stands on Rosslyn Hill, was at first a simple wooden structure. Said to have been built in 1692 by Isaac Honeywood who lived in the adjoining mansion, the Red Lion Hill meeting house was first replaced in 1736 and then, having become unsafe, rebuilt in brick on roughly the same site in 1828. The current building (using the old brick chapel as its hall) was built from 1862 to 1885 in the Neo Gothic style. Two of the building's stained-glass windows are by Edward Burne-Jones and William Morris and another is by Henry Holiday. It holds four John Flaxman reliefs and plaques to previous congregants, such as Helen Allingham (the first woman artist admitted to the Royal Academy). Its stone arches and pointed ceiling vault give it an excellent acoustic, making it a popular recording venue.
Ministers.
Ministers who have served the Chapel include Stephen Lobb (1647?–1699), Richard Amner (1736–1803), Rochemont Barbauld, husband of the radical poet Anna Laetitia Barbauld (1743–1825), Jeremiah Joyce (1763–1816) and William Hincks (1794–1871). It was during the 45-year-long ministry of Thomas Sadler (1822–1891), who arrived at the Chapel in 1846 aged 24, just two years after being awarded his doctorate from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Bavaria, that the current Chapel building was constructed.
Congregation.
Among the prominent residents of Hampstead who occasionally attended the Chapel in the years immediately after it was built in 1862 was the novelist George Eliot. Politicians who were worshippers included John Wood (1788-1856), a Trustee of the Chapel, who was a Whig MP for Preston (1826–32) and a strong supporter of the Great Reform Act 1832, and William Lawrence (1818-1897), Lord Mayor of London (1863/4) and twice Liberal MP for the City of London (1865–74, 1880–85).

</doc>
<doc id="21463058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463058" title="Dialakorodji">
Dialakorodji


</doc>
<doc id="21463060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463060" title="Forensic profiling">
Forensic profiling

Forensic profiling refers to the study and the exploitation of traces in order to draw a profile relevant to the supporting of various security tasks, mostly in the criminal justice system. The term forensic in this context refers to "information that is used in court as evidence" . The traces originate from criminal or litigious activities themselves. However traces are information that is not strictly dedicated to the court. They may increase knowledge in broader domains linked to security that deal with investigation, intelligence, surveillance, or risk analysis . 
Forensic profiling is different than offender profiling, which only refers to the identification of an offender to the psychological profile of a criminal.
In particular, forensic profiling should refer to profiling in the information sciences sense, i.e., to "The process of ‘discovering’ correlations between data in data bases that can be used to identify and represent a human or nonhuman subject (individual or group), and/or the application of profiles (sets of correlated data) to individuate and represent a subject or to identify a subject as a member of a group or category" .
Profiling techniques.
Forensic profiling is generally conducted using datamining technology, as a means by which relevant patterns are discovered, and profiles are generated from large quantities of data.
A distinction of forms of profiles that are used in a given context is necessary before evaluating applications of data mining techniques for forensic profiling.
Data available for forensics profiling.
The data available to law enforcement agencies are divided into two categories :
Forensic profiling issues.
The use of profiling techniques represents threats to the privacy of the individual and to the protection of fundamental freedoms. Indeed, criminal data, i.e., data which are collected and processed for suppressing criminal offences, often consists of personal data. One of the issues is the re-use of personal data collected within one criminal investigation for another purpose than the one for which it was collected.
Several methods-including technical, legal, and behavioral-are available to address some of the issues associated with forensic profiling. For instance, in Europe the European Convention on Human Rights provides a number of instruments for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data.

</doc>
<doc id="21463061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463061" title="Confirmit">
Confirmit

Confirmit, Inc. is a major worldwide Market Research and enterprise feedback management (EFM) software provider. The company is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, and also has offices in London, Guildford, New York, San Francisco, Moscow, Yaroslavl, Vancouver and Cologne. It is a leading provider of software for market research (MR) and enterprise feedback management with revenue in excess of $45 million USD in its fiscal year 2009. As of 2012, Confirmit has more than 300 employees worldwide.
The Confirmit platform is available through two delivery models: on-demand (software as a service) and on-premise. The first platform provides access to a shared, secure environment via the Web. This environment is managed by Confirmit and hosted by Rackspace at two locations: one in Dallas, Texas, US, and one in London, UK
Confirmit targets market research agencies around the world with software products for feedback/data collection, panel management, data processing, analysis, and reporting.

</doc>
<doc id="21463073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463073" title="Dio-Gare">
Dio-Gare


</doc>
<doc id="21463077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463077" title="Rosslyn Hill">
Rosslyn Hill

Rosslyn Hill is a road in London, connecting the south end of Hampstead High Street to the north end of Haverstock Hill. It is the site of the Rosslyn Hill Unitarian Chapel, St. Stephen's Church and the Royal Free Hospital. It is served by the bus routes N5, C11, 46 and 268. Pond Street links it to Hampstead Heath railway station.
Haverstock Hill, Rosslyn Hill, and Heath Street, Hampstead together constitute one long hill 2.8 km long, rising 99 m, with an average grade of 3.5% (maximum 8.5%).

</doc>
<doc id="21463094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463094" title="Dogodouman">
Dogodouman


</doc>
<doc id="21463108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463108" title="Dombila">
Dombila


</doc>
<doc id="21463109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463109" title="Constanța Shipyard">
Constanța Shipyard

History.
The Constanţa Shipyard was first mentioned as the "Craft Repair Shop" within the Constanţa Harbour area in 1892 by the Ministry for Public Works. The first ship ever constructed by the shipyard and launched to sea on May 31, 1936 was a long yacht named "Crai Nou", designed and built by Alexandru Theodoru a student at the Naval School in Constanţa and graduate of the French Naval School. In 1950 the shipyard began to construct ships, pontoons, tugboats and towboats. In 1975 the shipyard constructed one bulk carrier of which was the first large ship ever constructed in Romania.
After the construction of a large bulk carrier "Giuseppe Lembo" in 1994, the shipyard reprofiled its activity to construct only small ships. Only after the privatisation in 2002 the shipyard restarted to construct large scale ships. 
In the 114 years of existence the Constanţa Shipyard constructed 432 ships, 365 for Romanian shipping companies and 67 for shipping companies from Egypt, Russia, Greece, Japan, Hong Kong, Liechtenstein, Czech Republic, South Africa, Belgium, Germany, Italy, Norway, France, Panama and Netherlands, which have a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="21463114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463114" title="Faraba, Koulikoro">
Faraba, Koulikoro


</doc>
<doc id="21463129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463129" title="Bob Sweetan">
Bob Sweetan

Bob Sweetan (born 1940), better known as "Bruiser" Bob Sweetan or "Mr. Piledriver" Bob Sweetan, after his signature finishing maneuver, is a retired American professional wrestler.
Career.
Sweetan held numerous titles over his career. He enjoyed tremendous success with the National Wrestling Alliance and wrestled with Freddie Prosser who went under the name Freddie Sweetan in Canada for Stampede Wrestling. Sweetan and Terry Gibbs defeated Fabulous Freebirds for the NWA Central States Tag Team Championship. He also wrestled for the World Wrestling Council in Puerto Rico. In the WWC he defeated King Tonga for the WWC Puerto Rico Heavyweight Championship. Sweetan was in the first ever WWC Anniversary. He even played himself in the movie "The Wrestling Queen" in 1975. Sweetan wrestled many notable wrestlers during his career such as Rufus R. Jones, Buzz Tyler, Randy Rose, Ted DiBiase, Bill Watts, Frank Hoy, Butch Reed, Adrian Adonis, Tully Blanchard, and Jesse Ventura.
Criticism.
On WWE's "Legends of Wrestling" in 2009, longtime employee Jim Ross stated that he "didn't like" Sweetan and "didn't want to be around him", describing him as a "miserable human being". In his book, Jim Duggan referred to Sweetan as a "bully" and "a real piece of garbage." "Dr. Death" Steve Williams described him as "A very, very tough man."
Championships and accomplishments.
Finishing Move: Piledriver

</doc>
<doc id="21463140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463140" title="Tiakadougou-Dialakoro">
Tiakadougou-Dialakoro


</doc>
<doc id="21463168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463168" title="John Siddle">
John Siddle

John Siddle is a Welsh graphic designer, photographer, and typographer best known for his creation of the typeface FF Boomshanker.
Education.
John attended Middlesex University in London where he studied Visual Communication.
Career in Graphic Design.
After graduating from college John took a position at FORM London, focusing heavily on design for the music industry. While at Form he created album artwork for bands such as Ultra.
He is currently a Design Director at Jager DiPaola Kemp Design and member of the Iskra Print Collective in Burlington, VT.
Recently, John was commissioned to photograph Radio Silence, a touring gallery exhibit that showcases the visual history of Hardcore Music.

</doc>
<doc id="21463180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463180" title="Lowry Burgess">
Lowry Burgess

Lowry Burgess is an internationally renowned conceptual and environmental artist and educator. He has been an educator for over forty five years and is a professor at Carnegie Mellon University where he is a Distinguished Fellow in the STUDIO for Creative Inquiry. As the former Dean of the College of Fine Arts he has founded and administered numerous departments and projects at the institutional level. Burgess has also served as coordinator of the Graduate Program at Massachusetts College of Art and Design.
Education.
Lowry first received education at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. From there, he continued his studies at the University of Pennsylvania and at the Instituto Allende in San Miguel Mexico.
Achievements.
Lowry Burgess has achieved a broad range of artistic recognition. For 27 years he has been a Fellow, Senior Consultant and Advisor at the Center for Advanced Visual Studies at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he created and directed large collaborative projects and festivals in the US and Europe. The collection consists of four canvases strongly emphasizing both the elements of art and the principles of design including, but not limited to, space, symbolism, imagery, texture, and many more. The small collection is only a small part of his larger ongoing artwork entitled Quiet Axis, begun in 1966 This project incorporates eight major points that have been developed around the major features of the planet, expanding to the outer atmosphere where Burgess is closely related. Having an extended involvement with art developed upon space exploration, his 1989 piece entitled “Boundless Cubic Lunar Aperture” became the first piece of art taken into space by NASA aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery STS 29. “Vision Flower Portals” are all based upon a flower, but not the same one; for each flower and painting is its own addition to Quiet Axis. The “Quiet Axis” is a visionary realignment of the earth and heavens so that new relationships may be ordered to establish a new framework for consciousness. Each aspect of the “Quiet Axis” searches for the soul of the world wherein it is neither object nor belief — where darkness and light are one eternal presence.
As an internationally esteemed artist, he has received awards from the American Academy of Arts and Letters, the National Institute of Arts and Letters, the Guggenheim Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, the Massachusetts Artists Foundation, the Kellogg Foundation and the Berkmann Fund. His artwork can currently be found in museums and archives in many countries; especially those that focus on art and science.

</doc>
<doc id="21463184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463184" title="Mohamed Amine Khamsi">
Mohamed Amine Khamsi

Mohamed Amine Khamsi (born 1959 in Morocco) is an American/Moroccan mathematician. His research interests include nonlinear functional analysis, the fixed point theory and metric spaces. In particular, he has made notable contributions to the fixed point theory of metric spaces. 
He graduated from the prestigious École Polytechnique in 1983 after attending the equally prestigious Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris France. He completed his PhD, entitled "La propriété du point fixe dans les espaces de Banach et les espaces Metriques", at the Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University in May 1987 under the supervision of Gilles Godefroy. He then went on to visit University of Southern California and University of Rhode Island from 1987 to 1989. Since 1989 he has worked from the University of Texas at El Paso, as a full Professor of Mathematics since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21463191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463191" title="Clark Brands">
Clark Brands

Clark Brands, formerly Clark Oil, began as Clark's Super Gas and was a 20th-century oil company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Founded by Emory T. Clark in 1932 as a single filling station on the corner of 60th St. and Greenfield Ave. in West Allis, Clark Super Gas sold only premium gasoline. Unlike most contemporary service stations, Clark stations did not offer mechanical maintenance and tire changing.
In 1943, the company moved into refining oil. By the mid-1950s, the company operated nearly 500 gas stations throughout the Midwest, with locations in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Ohio and Wisconsin.
From 1948 to 1950, Clark Super Gas sponsored the Milwaukee Clarks, a minor league ice hockey team in the International Hockey League.
At its height in the 1970s, Clark Oil was the largest independent oil refiner and marketer in the Midwest with 1,489 stations and two refineries, one in Blue Island, Illinois and the other in Hartford, Illinois. The average Clark station sold twice the number of gallons as the national average, and its emphasis on premium gasoline gave the company a high profit margin.
Emory Clark sold his interest in the company in 1981 to Apex Oil, a St. Louis, Missouri-based company. In 1985, Apex decided to sell Clark Oil. By 1987, Clark and Apex were bankrupt. 
In 1992, a division of Toronto-based Horsham Corp. bought "Clark Oil and Refining", which included the two refineries and around 1,000 gas stations. The company's name was changed to Clark Refining and Marketing. Horsham expanded the company, buying a Lima, Ohio refinery from BP, and a Port Arthur, Texas refinery from Chevron. Horsham became TrizecHahn, and then sold 80% of Clark to The Blackstone Group, another investment firm, and another portion to Occidental Petroleum.
In 1999, the company sold its retail unit and rebranded itself as Premcor. In 2001, many Clark stations in southeast Michigan were closed permanently. In 2003, Clark Brands, LLC was formed and purchased the Clark brand and other portions of the Clark business, with a primary goal to license the Clark brand to independent operators. Clark gas stations are now operating throughout 28 states, with over 700-branded locations, some with convenience stores under the On the Go name.

</doc>
<doc id="21463211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463211" title="Marcel Podszus">
Marcel Podszus

Marcel Podszus (born 20 August 1976 in Viersen) is a German footballer who plays for VfB Speldorf.
Career.
He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21463213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463213" title="Altamont, British Columbia">
Altamont, British Columbia

Altamont is a neighbourhood of the District of West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Named by John Fitzgerald Mahon ( - 1942) of Vancouver and London, who subdivided land here in 1913, after his brother-in-laws' courtesy title, Earl of Altamont, the eldest son of the Marquess of Sligo, and brother of his wife, Lady Alice Mahon.

</doc>
<doc id="21463218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463218" title="Kalabancoro">
Kalabancoro


</doc>
<doc id="21463232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463232" title="Kalifabougou">
Kalifabougou


</doc>
<doc id="21463237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463237" title="2004 1. deild karla">
2004 1. deild karla

The 2004 season of 1. deild karla was the 50th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
References.
RSSSF Page

</doc>
<doc id="21463248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463248" title="Lingbao Gold">
Lingbao Gold

Lingbao Gold Company Limited () is a state-owned gold mining enterprise in Lingbao, Henan, China. It mainly engaged in the mining, smelting and refining of gold, silver, copper products and sulphuric acid. It has 49 mining and exploration rights in Henan, Xinjiang, Jiangxi, Inner Mongolia and Gansu.
It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2006 with IPO price of HK$3.3 per share.

</doc>
<doc id="21463262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463262" title="Datasource">
Datasource

Datasource is a name given to the connection set up to a database from a server. The name is commonly used when creating a query to the database. The database source name (DSN) does not have to be the same as the filename for the database. For example, a database file named "friends.mdb" could be set up with a DSN of "school". Then DSN "school" would be used to refer to the database when performing a query.
Sun's version of DataSource [http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.2/docs/api/javax/sql/DataSource.html].
<poem>
A factory for connections to the physical data source that this DataSource object represents. An alternative to the DriverManager facility, a DataSource object is the preferred means of getting a connection. An object that implements the DataSource interface will typically be registered with a naming service based on the Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) API.
The DataSource interface is implemented by a driver vendor. There are three types of implementations:
A DataSource object has properties that can be modified when necessary. For example, if the data source is moved to a different server, the property for the server can be changed. The benefit is that because the data source's properties can be changed, any code accessing that data source does not need to be changed.
A driver that is accessed via a DataSource object does not register itself with the DriverManager. Rather, a DataSource object is retrieved though a lookup operation and then used to create a Connection object. With a basic implementation, the connection obtained through a DataSource object is identical to a connection obtained through the DriverManager facility.
</poem>
Sun's DataSource Overview [http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2/docs/guide/jdbc/getstart/datasource.html].
<poem>
A DataSource object is the representation of a data source in the Java programming language. In basic terms, a data source is a facility for storing data. It can be as sophisticated as a complex database for a large corporation or as simple as a file with rows and columns. A data source can reside on a remote server, or it can be on a local desktop machine. Applications access a data source using a connection, and a DataSource object can be thought of as a factory for connections to the particular data source that the DataSource instance represents. The DataSource interface provides two methods for establishing a connection with a data source.
Using a DataSource object is the preferred alternative to using the DriverManager for establishing a connection to a data source. They are similar to the extent that the DriverManager class and DataSource interface both have methods for creating a connection, methods for getting and setting a timeout limit for making a connection, and methods for getting and setting a stream for logging.
Their differences are more significant than their similarities, however. Unlike the DriverManager, a DataSource object has properties that identify and describe the data source it represents. Also, a DataSource object works with a Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) naming service and can be created, deployed, and managed separately from the applications that use it. A driver vendor will provide a class that is a basic implementation of the DataSource interface as part of its Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) 2.0 or 3.0 driver product. What a system administrator does to register a DataSource object with a JNDI naming service and what an application does to get a connection to a data source using a DataSource object registered with a JNDI naming service are described later in this chapter.
Being registered with a JNDI naming service gives a DataSource object two major advantages over the DriverManager. First, an application does not need to hardcode driver information, as it does with the DriverManager. A programmer can choose a logical name for the data source and register the logical name with a JNDI naming service. The application uses the logical name, and the JNDI naming service will supply the DataSource object associated with the logical name. The DataSource object can then be used to create a connection to the data source it represents.
The second major advantage is that the DataSource facility allows developers to implement a DataSource class to take advantage of features like connection pooling and distributed transactions. Connection pooling can increase performance dramatically by reusing connections rather than creating a new physical connection each time a connection is requested. The ability to use distributed transactions enables an application to do the heavy duty database work of large enterprises.
Although an application may use either the DriverManager or a DataSource object to get a connection, using a DataSource object offers significant advantages and is the recommended way to establish a connection.
Since:
1.4
</poem>
Since Java EE 6 a JNDI-bound DataSource can alternatively be configured in a declarative way directly from within the application. This alternative is particularly useful for self-sufficient applications or for transparently using an embedded database.
Yahoo's version of DataSource [http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/datasource/].
A DataSource is an abstract representation of a live set of data that presents a common predictable API for other objects to interact with. The nature of your data, its quantity, its complexity, and the logic for returning query results all play a role in determining your type of DataSource. For small amounts of simple textual data, a JavaScript array is a good choice. If your data has a small footprint but requires a simple computational or transformational filter before being displayed, a JavaScript function may be the right approach. For very large datasets—for example, a robust relational database—or to access a third-party webservice you'll certainly need to leverage the power of a Script Node or XHR DataSource.

</doc>
<doc id="21463283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463283" title="John Nolen">
John Nolen

John Nolen (June 14, 1869 - February 18, 1937) was an American landscape architect. Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Nolen was orphaned as a child and placed in Girard College. After he graduated first in his class in 1884, he worked as a grocery clerk and secretary to the Girard Estate Trust Fund before enrolling in the Wharton School of Finance and Economics at the University of Pennsylvania in 1891. Nolen earned a Ph.B. in 1893, and for the next ten years worked as secretary of the American Society for the Extension of University Teaching. He married Barbara Schatte in 1896. 
In 1903 Nolen sold his house and used the money to enroll in the newly established Harvard School of Landscape Architecture, under the famed instructors Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr., Arthur Shurtleff, and B.M. Watson. He received an A.M. in 1905 from Harvard.
Early Career.
He established an office in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he and his associates branched out into city planning, as well as landscape architecture. Nolen was a frequent lecturer on city and town planning, and was active in many professional organizations, including the American City Planning Institute (now American Institute of Planners), American Civic Association (now Urban America), American Society of Landscape Architects, American Society of Planning Officials, International Garden Cities and Town-Planning Federation, National Conference on City Planning (now Urban America), and the Town Planning Institute of England. 
Nolen completed a number of projects in Wisconsin as well as earlier efforts in Virginia, Georgia, and particularly, San Diego, California. His prestige as an innovative urban planner was firmly established. By 1919, Nolen had written two books, edited two others, and published dozens of articles. In 1927, he was elected president of the National Conference on City Planning. Nolen was the official landscape architect to such municipalities as Kingsport, Tennessee, Madison, Wisconsin, Montclair, New Jersey, Reading, Pennsylvania, Roanoke, Virginia, San Diego, California, New London, Connecticut, Savannah, Georgia, and Schenectady, New York.
Comprehensive City Planning.
After his success with Mariemont, Ohio, Nolen moved on to Florida to plan what he called, "the last frontier." In February 1922, he contracted with St. Petersburg to design Florida’s first comprehensive plan. The city, he found, occupied a "site blessed by a benevolent Nature" and possessing "the same characteristics as southern France." After signing the contract, Nolen wrote an associate, "This seems to be an opportunity to do rather more than we have ever been given the chance to do before."
In March 1923, Nolen completed an ambitious plan to imbue this resort city of 15,000 with a "form and flavor unlike that of other places." A greenbelt of preserves and parks encircled the lower third (45 square miles) of the Pinellas Peninsula, setting the city’s "natural boundaries" and creating a lure for tourists. He also presented plans to improve traffic connections and establish a Civic Center. Mixed-use neighborhood centers were clustered to prevent the unsightly spread of commercial uses and traffic problems along city thoroughfares. A system of parkways united the city, providing pedestrian access to parks and local neighborhood centers with store groups, churches, and public buildings.
Nolen’s plan rested on the "adequate control of private development." He proposed a series of land use controls to ensure that development followed the efficient outlay of public facilities, rather than outline speculative desires. Without these regulations, Nolen was hardly sanguine about the city’s future. "It has been said and with reason," he wrote, "that man is the only animal who desecrates the surroundings of his own habitation."
In the midst of the great Florida land boom, the desire to make quick profits outweighed any lofty notion of city building. Moreover, the idea of investing public funds to improve the squalid conditions in "the colored section" found little sentiment in a place, where one anti-planning editor advocated replacing black laborers (17 percent of the population) with immigrants from the "agricultural sections of England." In a referendum, Nolen’s planning initiative received only 13 percent of the vote.
The St. Petersburg experience disheartened Nolen, but he remained optimistic. His firm worked on 54 projects in Florida, including city plans for Clearwater, Sarasota, and West Palm Beach, new town plans for Clewiston and Bellaire, and neighborhood plans for University Park (Gainesville) and San Jose Estates (Jacksonville). In 1925, Nolen finally found in "Venice an opportunity better…than any other in Florida to apply the most advanced and most practical ideas of regional planning." Nolen planned Venice for the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE), a labor union looking to capitalize on the land boom. The BLE, however, was also investing for the long term. BLE officials envisioned a regional center for agriculture and light industry, "a place where the ordinary man could have a chance to get all that the rich have ever been able to get out of Florida."
"Nature led the way" and the plan, Nolen wrote, "followed her way." Greenbelts protected important natural features, and parkways extended from the hinterlands into Venice’s downtown (Figure 1). A greenbelt bounded the town to the east and south, while Venice Bay marked the northern edge and the Gulf of Mexico lay to the west. Nolen paid special attention to the town’s Gulf front location. A linear park ran along the waterfront, with an amphitheater and beachfront park lying at the terminus of Venice Parkway, which connected the beach to the Civic Center.
The Civic Center’s grouping of parks and public buildings offered a view of the Gulf and marked the western edge of the commercial core. From this point east, Venice Parkway narrowed to Venice Avenue, which ran the center of a three-block commercial core between the Civic Center and Rialto Avenue. The Civic Center not only defined the town center, but it stood midway between the commercial core and Venice’s most sublime natural feature — the Gulf of Mexico.
In Venice, Nolen effectively balanced his design between two transcendental ideals — civic virtue and Nature. From City Hall, one could view the palette of Nature while surrounded by the physical form of the "civic spirit." An ideal site for contemplation, a vision of Nature was always at hand, but it never remained the same, shifting with the tides and the seasons.
Two diagonal avenues defined the neighborhoods lying between the Gulf and the Civic Center. School sites and the commercial center provided focal points for neighborhoods. Common greens and playgrounds were provided in each neighborhood, while a wedge-shaped golf course buffered the eastern section of town from the railway and industrial uses.
Nolen also placed Harlem Village east of the railway, surrounding it with "white farms." Segregation was a staple of southern life, and if Nolen failed to fight the southern caste system directly, he remained adamant that African-Americans receive the benefits of good planning. In Venice, like other southern cities, he connected African-American neighborhoods to the larger community via a parkway. In cities separated by race, interconnected parkways offered the hope of uniting diverse people through "nature" and to, Nolen wrote, "the brotherhood of man."
The BLE invested heavily in infrastructure, before the land boom crashed in 1927. Nolen’s plan remained a guiding vision (although Harlem Village was nixed), and Venice stands as the most complete example of the Garden City in Florida. Neighborhoods segregated by class and cost were connected by parkways and linked to the Civic Center. Combining the lines of Nature with a civic orientation, Venice offered, Nolen wrote, "an inspiration to those who would make this world a better place to live."
At the 1926 National City Planning Conference, held in St. Petersburg, Nolen presented Venice in his presidential address, "New Communities to Meet New Conditions." More than any other state, Nolen believed, Florida needed "a state plan" to "regulate reasonably" the location of future towns and cities. Nolen envisioned a state of interconnected garden cities based on Venice’s regional and town plan. Although Nolen’s agenda never moved beyond the conference, his vision drew admirers.
A year later, Lewis Mumford, in the keynote address to the same conference, proclaimed, "At least one planner realizes where the path of intelligent and humane achievement will lead during the next generation." Both Mumford and Nolen advocated regional planning and the new town as the means to channel urbanization into a higher level of civilization. They also saw planning as an art form that revealed mankind’s highest htmirations. "City design" could only "succeed," Mumford remarked in his conclusion, "when the city planner tries to fathom and express...what the best life possible is."
Impact on Wisconsin.
Nolen developed plans for the University of Wisconsin, the city of Madison, and the state park system. His comprehensive approach blended social, economic, and physical aspects of urban life with the preservation of natural beauty. He felt strongly that:
His plan for the city of Madison is considered a preeminent example of the urban landscape movement. Nolen later cited the grounds surrounding Worcester College as an inspiration for his plans for Madison.
In 1908, John Olin of the Madison Park and Pleasure Drive Association contacted Nolen for advice in laying out Madison city parks. Without the money to pay Nolen, Olin enlisted the support of the city, the University of Wisconsin, and the state. Together, they devised a contract to have Nolen make recommendations for the beautification of each.
Perhaps Nolen’s most important contribution, though, was his plan for a state park system. Having seen the rapid deforestation of northern Wisconsin, the depletion of mineral resources in the southwest, and increasing urban development, Nolen was hired not only to find locations for parks but also to provide a reason for their existence. He recommended the creation of four state parks and provided guidelines for the establishment of a state park system.
Nolen's legacy lives on in Madison. Nolen Shore, a twelve-story, high-rise building named after him, was completed in 2006. One of Madison's main thoroughfares, John Nolen Drive, is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21463293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463293" title="Southeast Bulloch High School">
Southeast Bulloch High School

Southeast Bulloch High School is located in Brooklet, Georgia, 9184 Brooklet Denmark Highway, USA. [http://www.bulloch.k12.ga.us/sbhs/]. Its population as of the 2007–08 school year is 865 students and 47 faculty members. Of the 865 students 36% are economically disadvantaged and 16% disabled. It started in a new building in 2007. The principal is Donna Clifton. The assistant principles are John Page and Dr. Katherine Bradley. Dr. Bradley also serves as the athletic director.
Demographics.
865 students were enrolled in the 2007-2008 school year. The ethnicity percentage are: Asian-2%, African American-16%, Hispanic-1%, Native American/Alaskin-0%, White-82%, and Multiracial-1%. Other student subgroups include: 16% students with disabilities and 36% eligible for free/reduced meals. [http://www.doe.k12.ga.us/ReportingFW.aspx?PageReq=102&SchoolId=42614&T=1&FY=2008]
Sports.
The school has varsity sports in: soccer, basketball, football, baseball, softball, swimming, cheerleading, track and field/cross country, and tennis. [http://www.doe.k12.ga.us/ReportingFW.aspx?PageReq=101&PID=63&PTID=214&SchoolId=42614&T=0&FY=2008][http://www.statesboroherald.com/news/article/17851/] Southeast Bulloch holds two state championships in football (1972 and 1973) under Coach Fred Shaver and two state championships (1994 and 1995) and six region championships in competitive cheerleading under Coach Mary Williams.
Extracurricular activities.
Southeast Bulloch High School has around 35 extracurricular activities. Athletic activities consist of: baseball, basketball, soccer, football, softball, tennis, track and field/cross country, cheerleading, golf, Marching Band, and rifling. Clubs are Beta, Drama, Chorus, FBLA (Future Business leaders of America), FFA, Key Club, Student Council, Y-Club, FCA (Fellowship of Christian Athletes), Chess, HOSA, Foreign Language, FCCLA, and Yearbook. Scholastic competitions consist of: One Act play, debate, math team, essay contest, literary magazine, art contest, literary team, science fair, and trig-star. [http://www.bulloch.k12.ga.us/sbhs/sbhs_extracurricular_activities.htm]
Testing results.
In the 2007-2008 school year the GHSGT (Georgia High School Graduation Test) results are as follows: 
[http://www.doe.k12.ga.us/ReportingFW.aspx?PageReq=102&SchoolId=42614&T=1&FY=2008]
The GHSWT (Georgia High School Writing Test) results are as follows: Pass-89% and Fail-11% [http://www.doe.k12.ga.us/ReportingFW.aspx?PageReq=102&SchoolId=42614&T=1&FY=2008]
Faculty and staff.
Faculty and staff lists are at sbhs.bulloch.k12.ga.us.

</doc>
<doc id="21463296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463296" title="Game theory in communication networks">
Game theory in communication networks

Game theory has recently become a useful tool for modeling and studying interactions between cognitive radios envisioned to operate in future communications systems. Such terminals will have the capability to adapt to the context they operate in, through possibly power and rate control as well as channel selection. Software agents embedded in these terminals will potentially be selfish, meaning they will only try to maximize the throughput/connectivity of the terminal they function for, as opposed to maximizing the welfare (total capacity) of the system they operate in. Thus, the potential interactions among them can be modeled through non-cooperative games. The researchers in this field often strive to determine the stable operating points of systems composed of such selfish terminals, and try to come up with a minimum set of rules (etiquette) so as to make sure that the optimality loss compared to a cooperative - centrally controlled setting- is kept at a minimum.
Applications of non-cooperative game theory in wireless networks research.
Game theory is the study of strategic decision making. More formally, it is "the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers." An alternative term suggested "as a more descriptive name for the discipline" is interactive decision theory. Game theory is mainly used in economics, political science, and psychology, as well as logic and biology. The subject first addressed zero-sum games, such that one person's gains exactly equal net losses of the other participant(s). Today, however, game theory applies to a wide range of class relations, and has developed into an umbrella term for the logical side of science, to include both human and non-humans, like computers. Classic uses include a sense of balance in numerous games, where each person has found or developed a tactic that cannot successfully better his results, given the other approach.
Game theory has been used extensively in wireless networks research to develop understanding of stable operation points for networks made of autonomous/selfish nodes. The nodes are considered as the players. Utility functions are often chosen to correspond to achieved connection rate or similar technical metrics. The studies done in this context can be grouped as below:
Medium access games for 802.11 WLAN.
Various studies have analyzed radio resource management problems in 802.11 WLAN networks. In such random access studies, researchers have considered selfish nodes, who try to maximize their own utility (throughput) only, and control their channel access probabilities to maximize their utilities.
Power control games in CDMA systems.
Power control refers to the process through which mobiles in CDMA cellular settings adjust their transmission powers so that they do not create unnecessary interference to other mobiles, trying, nevertheless, to achieve the required Quality of Service. Power control can be centralized in nature, where the base station dictates and assigns transmitter power levels to mobiles based on their link qualities, or they can be distributed, in which mobiles update their powers autonomously, independent of the base station, based on perceived service quality. In such distributed settings, the mobiles can be considered to be selfish agents (players) who try to maximize their utilities (often modeled as corresponding throughputs). Game theory is considered to be a powerful tool to study such scenarios.
Applications of cooperative game theory (coalitions) in wireless networks research.
Coalitional game theory in wireless networks.
Coalitional game theory is a branch of game theory that deals with cooperative behavior. In a coalitional game, the key idea is to study the formation of cooperative groups, i.e., coalitions among a number of players. By cooperating, the players can strengthen their position in a given game as well as improve their utilities. In this context, coalitional game theory proves to be a powerful tool for modeling cooperative behavior in many wireless networking applications such as cognitive radio networks, wireless system, physical layer security, virtual MIMO, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="21463297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463297" title="Indian Idol 1">
Indian Idol 1

The first season of Indian Idol premiered on 28 October 2004 on Sony Entertainment Television. It concluded on March 5, 2005. It was hosted by Mini Mathur and Aman Yatan Verma. Anu Malik, Sonu Nigam, and Farah Khan were the judges. Abhijeet Sawant won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21463299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463299" title="Thailand national beach soccer team">
Thailand national beach soccer team

The Thailand national beach soccer team represents Thailand in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Football Association of Thailand, the governing body for football in the Thailand.
In 2002 Thailand achieved a 4th place finish in the Beach Soccer World Cup in Brazil after losing their third place play off final against Uruguay. They were drawn into group A alongside Brazil and managed to beat France and Spain to reach the Semi final against Portugal which they lost 3-2. Thailand's goalkeeper Vilard Normcharoen was voted goalkeeper of the tournament.
In the 2005 Beach Soccer World Cup Thailand were again drawn into the same group as Brazil and Spain but they found goals hard to come by and finished bottom of group A.
In 2012 FA of Thailand appointed Mr Kittipat Meesuwan as Chairman of beach soccer committee and he appointed Mr Abolfazl Khodabandehloo as Technical Director and Mr Shahram Danehkar as head coach. Asian Beach Games in China 2012 is their nearest aim.
Current Squad.
"Correct as of 2013
Head Coach/Captain team: Pongsak Khongkeaw

</doc>
<doc id="21463343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463343" title="The Overbrook Brothers">
The Overbrook Brothers

The Overbrook Brothers is a 2009 comedy film directed by John E. Bryant. Co-written by Bryant and longtime friend Jason Foxworth, the film received its world premiere in the Narrative Competition at the SXSW Film Festival in 2009. Principal photography took place in the spring of 2008 for 3 weeks in various locations in Northern Colorado including Ft. Collins, and Idaho Springs. The remaining 3 weeks of principal photography took place in Austin, TX and surrounding towns.

</doc>
<doc id="21463347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463347" title="Sabian (wrestler)">
Sabian (wrestler)

Darnell Kittrell (born April 25, 1979) is an American professional wrestler. He currently performs for Combat Zone Wrestling under the ring name BLK Jeez, where he was a founding member of The Blackout / BLKOUT while under the ring name Sabian. In addition to CZW, he also competes for several other American independent promotions under either the Sabian or BLK Jeez ring names.
Professional wrestling career.
Debut (2000–2003).
After completing his training, Kittrell made his professional wrestling debut on February 26, 2000 under the ring name Sabian. He then won his first championship, the Hybrid Pro Wrestling Junior Heavyweight Championship, only six months later by defeating Insayashi.
Combat Zone Wrestling (2004–present).
Debut and The Blackout (2004–2005).
After wrestling on the independent circuit for three years, Sabian made his Combat Zone Wrestling debut on May 4, 2004 with a victory over Sean Bishop. On June 12, Sabian joined Ruckus to form the Blackout, or BLKOUT, as they defeated Derek Frazier and Chri$ Ca$h to earn an opportunity at the World Tag Team Championship, which they then won from the H8 Club (Nick Gage and Nate Hatred) later on in the night. On August 14, Eddie Kingston joined the Blackout as they defeated Gage, Hatred and Ca$h. On September 11, the Blackout retained their title against The S.A.T. during the day show while wrestling the H8 Club to a no contest during the night show.
On December 11, the Blackout (Sabian, Ruckus, Kingston and new member Jack Evans) lost the World Tag Team Title in a Cage of Death to rival Chri$ Ca$h and his allies J. C. Bailey, Nate Webb and Sexxxy Eddy. Despite the title loss, Sabian managed to defeat Mike Quackenbush on April 2, 2005 to win the World Junior Heavyweight Championship, his first CZW singles title. Sabian would go on to hold the title until June 11, when he lost the title back to Quackenbush in a match also involving B-Boy. On July 9, the Blackout defeated B-Boy and their rivals Sexxxy Eddy and Nate Webb. On October 8, Sabian was unsuccessful in regaining the World Junior Heavyweight Title in a match involving the champion Derek Frazier, Heretic, Niles Young and Mike Quackenbush.
Feuding with the Kings of Wrestling (2005–2007).
On December 10, Sabian and Eddie Kingston lost to the Kings of Wrestling (Claudio Castagnoli and Chris Hero) in a match for the Kings' World Tag Team Title.
Beginning in 2006, the Blackout gained revenge against the Kings by defeating them and Super Dragon on January 14 in a six-man tag team match. Less than a month later on February 11, Sabian won a gauntlet match to earn a shot the World Junior Heavyweight Title. Later in the night, Sabian faced Frazier for the title, but the match ended in a no-contest, resulting in the title being vacated. On March 11, Sabian was again unsuccessful in his bid for the title as Niles Young defeated him, Heretic, Cheech and Cloudy to win the title. On May 13, both Sabian and Ruckus entered the sixth annual Best of the Best tournament. After he and Matt Sydal defeated Sonjay Dutt in the first round, Sabian defeated Sydal in the quarterfinals to advance to the finals, where he faced Austin Aries, Claudio Castagnoli and fellow Blackout teammate and World Heavyweight Championship Ruckus, who defended the title earlier in the event twice. Ruckus managed to defeat Sabian, Aries and Castagnoli to retain his title for the third time that night and thus win the Best of the Best tournament. However, shortly after winning the tournament and retaining his title, Ruckus was challenged to an inpromptu match by Chris Hero, one half of the Blackout's rivals the Kings of Wrestling, who defeated him for the title.
Despite the title loss, the Blackout recovered as Sabian and new member Robbie Mireno defeated the Kings of Wrestling for the World Tag Team Title. Less than a month later on December 11, the Blackout lost the title to Onyx and Rainman, who proclaimed that they were the "original" Blackout. In response, Sabian teamed up with Ruckus instead of Merino and the Blackout defeated Onyx and Rainman on January 13 to reclaim the title. Over the next few months, the Blackout defeated several other teams in non-title matches before losing to Team AnDrew (Andy Sumner and Drew Gulak) in a non-title match on June 9. Team AnDrew continued their pursuit of the World Tag Team Title, even going to the point of interfering in a match between the Blackout and Niles Young and Derek Frazier on September 8. Later on in the night, Team AnDrew defeated both the Blackout and Young and Frazier for the World Tag Team Title. The feud between the Blackout and Team AnDrew expanded to include Young and Frazier and it intensified even further after Young defeated Sabian and Gulak in a three-way match on September 15. On October 13, Sabian defeated Cloudy before defeating Danny Havoc later on in the night to win the World Junior Heavyweight Title for the second time.
World Junior Heavyweight Champion (2007–2010).
After winning the title, Sabian began a small feud with female wrestler LuFisto. On November 10, Sabian retained his title against LuFisto. On December 8, the BLKOUT was banned from ringside during Sabian's title rematch with LuFisto. After Sabian again retained his title, Sexxxy Eddy struck LuFisto with a steel chair and in response, Sabian attacked Eddy and hugged LuFisto as a sign of respect. On January 12, 2008, Sabian retained the World Junior Heavyweight Title after defeating Azrieal. On May 10, Sabian won the eighth annual Best of the Best tournament after defeating Drake Younger, Bruce Maxwell and TJ Cannon in the first round, rival Drew Gulak in the quarterfinals and Chuck Taylor in the finals. Despite winning the tournament, Sabian would go on to lose the World Junior Heavyweight Title to Taylor in a title match shortly after the tournament. On October 11, Sabian and Ruckus defeated 2 Girls 1 Cup (Greg Excellent and Beef Wellington) to win their third World Tag Team Championship. On November 8, Sabian and Ruckus lost the title back to 2 Girls 1 Cup.
Beginning in 2009, Sabian made only sporadic appearances in CZW due to competing throughout the independent circuit and overseas for . On June 13, Sabian was eliminated in the first round of ninth annual Best of the Best tournament by Shiima Xion. Following this, Sabian would team with fellow BLKOUT members to compete for the World Tag Team Championship on a few occasions, but was unsuccessful in reclaiming the title. On February 13, 2010, Sabian won a six-way match to regain the World Junior Heavyweight Championship. Exactly a month later, he retained the title against Adam Cole after their match ended in a draw. On May 8, Sabian lost the title to Cole in a three-way match that also involved fellow BLKOUT member Ruckus.
BLK Jeez (2010–present).
On September 10, Sabian changed his ring name to BLK Jeez and later faced Cole in a rematch for the World Junior Heavyweight Championship, but was unsuccessful. On December 11, BLK Jeez and Joker formed Philly's Most Wanted and proceeded to defeat The Osirian Portal (Amasis and Ophidian) to win the vacant World Tag Team Championship.
On February 12, 2011, Philly's Most Wanted lost the World Tag Team Title to the Briscoe Brothers. Exactly a month later, BLK Jeez defeated Jay Briscoe before taking a hiatus from CZW in order to tour with Big Japan Pro Wrestling. Upon BLK Jeez's return to CZW in April, Philly's Most Wanted continued their feud with the Briscoes by competing in a six-man tag team match that included Devon Moore and Robert Anthony with both the World Tag Team and World Heavyweight Championships on the line. Ultimately, the Briscoes and Moore won the match, resulting in the Briscoes retaining their World Tag Team Title and Moore winning Anthony's World Heavyweight Title. Despite this, Philly's Most Wanted defeated Mark Briscoe on May 14 in a handicap match to win the World Tag Team Title and end the feud. On August 13, BLK Jeez faced Moore in a lumberjack strap match for the World Heavyweight Championship, but was defeated. On November 12, Philly's Most Wanted lost the World Tag Team Championship to Bandido, Jr. and Azrieal.
Following the title loss, BLK Jeez took another hiatus from CZW in order to perform another tour with BJW. He made his return to CZW on February 18, 2012 with a victory over Homicide. On May 12, BLK Jeez challenged Drake Younger for the World Junior Heavyweight Championship, but was unsuccessful in reclaiming the title. After Joker retired from wrestling in September, BLK Jeez reunited with Ruckus to reform the Blackout as a tag team. The Blackout had their return match in CZW on November 10, where they and the team of Human Tornado and Toby Klein were unsuccessful in winning the World Tag Team Championship from the defending champions 4-Loco (Azrieal and Bandido, Jr.). On December 8 at Cage of Death XIV, the Blackout wrestled against Ohio Is For Killers (Dave and Jake Crist) to determine the number one contenders for the World Tag Team Title, but the match ended in a no contest.
On April 5, 2013, the Blackout defeated The Catalyst (Dustin Rayz and Eric Ryan) to win the World Tag Team Championship.
Chikara (2005–2007).
On February 18, 2005, Sabian teamed up with Chikara wrestler Jigsaw as they entered the 2005 Tag World Grand Prix. After defeating Rorschach and Ravage in the first round, The Ring Crew Express (Dunn and Marcos) in the second round and Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher (the latter via disqualification) in the third round, Sabian and Jigsaw lost to Claudio Castagnoli and Arik Cannon, who would later go on to win the tournament. On March 18, Sabian teamed up with Jigsaw and Mike Quackenbush in a losing effort to the Kings of Wrestling (Castagnoli, Cannon and Chris Hero). The following day, Sabian made his Chikara singles debut in a loss to former ally Jigsaw. Sabian continued his singles run as he defeated Dr. Cheung in the first round of the Young Lions Cup before losing a six-way semi-finals match to Icarus also involving Cannon, Mickie Knuckles, Ricky Reyes and Rorschach. On July 24, Sabian gained revenge against the Kings as he, Eddie Kingston, Quackenbush and Equinox defeated the Kings and Team F.I.S.T. member Gran Akuma.
Sabian returned to Chikara one year later on February 25, where he and Eddie Kingston defeated Ian Rotten and Mickie Knuckles in the first round of Chikara's tag team tournament before defeating Joker and Necro Butcher in the second round. Sabian and Kingston later lost to Team F.I.S.T. (Icarus and Gran Akuma) in the third round.
In 2007, Sabian made more frequent appearances in Chikara, the first of which was a match in the first-ever King of Trios as the Blackout (Sabian, Joker and Ruckus) lost to Team TNA (Sonjay Dutt and The Motor City Machineguns) on February 17. On March 23, Sabian and Joker lost to 2.0 (Jagged and Shane Matthews) and the following day, Sabian, Kingston, Ruckus and Joker lost to Hallowicked and The Colony. On June 24, Sabian made his last appearance in Chikara, as he and Ruckus defeated The Colony a tag team match.
WWE and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2012, 2013).
On the June 22, 2012 episode of "SmackDown", Kittrell made his WWE debut under the ring name Jared Wachtler. as he and Frank Venezia lost to Ryback in a two-on-one handicap match.
On the June 28, 2012 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Kittrell made his Total Nonstop Action Wrestling debut under the ring name Rashad Cameron, where he defeated Mason Andrews in an X Division Championship tournament qualifying match. On July 8 at Destination X, Cameron was eliminated from the tournament by Sonjay Dutt. Kittrell, once again under Rashad Cameron ring name, made another appearance for TNA on the July 26 episode of "Impact Wrestling", vying for a shot at the X Division Championship. However, World Heavyweight Champion Austin Aries opted not to grant him the shot and instead eliminated him from contention. Kittrell, once again working as Rashad Cameron, returned to TNA on January 12, 2013, to take part in the tapings of the One Night Only: X-Travaganza special, wrestling in a tag team match where he and Anthony Nese were defeated by Douglas Williams and Kid Kash.

</doc>
<doc id="21463352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463352" title="PaidContent">
PaidContent

paidContent was an online media hub that covers news, information and analysis of the business of digital media. It was founded in 2002 by journalist Rafat Ali to "chronicle the evolution of digital content that is shaping the future of the media, information and entertainment industries."
Funded by Alan Patricof's Greycroft Partners in 2006, Rafat Ali's umbrella company, ContentNext, formerly had offices in Santa Monica, California and New York. ContentNext operated the PaidContent.org, PaidContent.org:UK, MocoNews.net, which covered the business of mobile content, and ContentSutra.com, which covered India's digital media markets.
In 2008, ContentNext was purchased by Guardian Media Group for a reported $30 million. It became a member of the Guardian Professional Group, though founder/editor Ali and CEO Richardson, formerly of Yahoo! Finance, continued to run the media website as an independent business.
On February 8, 2012, paidContent was acquired by GigaOM through the acquisition of ContentNext Media. On November 12, paidContent was merged into GigaOm.

</doc>
<doc id="21463370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463370" title="Peter Paul Rubens">
Peter Paul Rubens

Sir Peter Paul Rubens (; 28 June 1577 – 30 May 1640), was a Flemish Baroque painter, and a proponent of an extravagant Baroque style that emphasised movement, colour, and sensuality. He is well known for his Counter-Reformation altarpieces, portraits, landscapes, and history paintings of mythological and allegorical subjects.
In addition to running a large studio in Antwerp that produced paintings popular with nobility and art collectors throughout Europe, Rubens was a classically educated humanist scholar and diplomat who was knighted by both Philip IV, King of Spain, and Charles I, King of England.
Biography.
Early life.
Rubens was born in the German city of Siegen, Westphalia to Jan Rubens and Maria Pypelincks. His father, a Calvinist, and mother fled Antwerp for Cologne in 1568, after increased religious turmoil and persecution of Protestants during the rule of the Spanish Netherlands by the Duke of Alba.
Jan Rubens became the legal advisor (and lover) of Anna of Saxony, the second wife of William I of Orange, and settled at her court in Siegen in 1570, fathering her daughter Christine who was born in 1571.
Following Jan Rubens' imprisonment for the affair, Peter Paul Rubens was born in 1577. The family returned to Cologne the next year. In 1589, two years after his father's death, Rubens moved with his mother Maria Pypelincks to Antwerp, where he was raised as a Catholic.
Religion figured prominently in much of his work and Rubens later became one of the leading voices of the Catholic Counter-Reformation style of painting (he had said "My passion comes from the heavens, not from earthly musings").
Apprenticeship.
In Antwerp, Rubens received a humanist education, studying Latin and classical literature. By fourteen he began his artistic apprenticeship with Tobias Verhaeght. Subsequently, he studied under two of the city's leading painters of the time, the late Mannerist artists Adam van Noort and Otto van Veen. Much of his earliest training involved copying earlier artists' works, such as woodcuts by Hans Holbein the Younger and Marcantonio Raimondi's engravings after Raphael. Rubens completed his education in 1598, at which time he entered the Guild of St. Luke as an independent master.
Italy (1600–1608).
In 1600, Rubens travelled to Italy. He stopped first in Venice, where he saw paintings by Titian, Veronese, and Tintoretto, before settling in Mantua at the court of Duke Vincenzo I Gonzaga. The coloring and compositions of Veronese and Tintoretto had an immediate effect on Rubens's painting, and his later, mature style was profoundly influenced by Titian. With financial support from the Duke, Rubens travelled to Rome by way of Florence in 1601. There, he studied classical Greek and Roman art and copied works of the Italian masters. The Hellenistic sculpture "Laocoön and his Sons" was especially influential on him, as was the art of Michelangelo, Raphael, and Leonardo da Vinci. He was also influenced by the recent, highly naturalistic paintings by Caravaggio.
He later made a copy of that artist's "Entombment of Christ", recommended that his patron, the Duke of Mantua, purchase "The Death of the Virgin" (Louvre), and was instrumental in the acquisition of "The Madonna of the Rosary" (Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna) for the Dominican church in Antwerp. During this first stay in Rome, Rubens completed his first altarpiece commission, "St. Helena with the True Cross" for the Roman church of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme.
Rubens travelled to Spain on a diplomatic mission in 1603, delivering gifts from the Gonzagas to the court of Philip III. While there, he studied the extensive collections of Raphael and Titian that had been collected by Philip II. He also painted an equestrian portrait of the Duke of Lerma during his stay (Prado, Madrid) that demonstrates the influence of works like Titian's "Charles V at Mühlberg" (1548; Prado, Madrid). This journey marked the first of many during his career that combined art and diplomacy.
He returned to Italy in 1604, where he remained for the next four years, first in Mantua and then in Genoa and Rome. In Genoa, Rubens painted numerous portraits, such as the "Marchesa Brigida Spinola-Doria" (National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.), and the portrait of Maria di Antonio Serra Pallavicini, in a style that influenced later paintings by Anthony van Dyck, Joshua Reynolds and Thomas Gainsborough.
He also began a book illustrating the palaces in the city, which was published in 1622 as "Palazzi di Genova". From 1606 to 1608, he was mostly in Rome. During this period Rubens received, with the assistance of Cardinal Jacopo Serra (the brother of Maria Pallavicini), his most important commission to date for the High Altar of the city's most fashionable new church, Santa Maria in Vallicella also known as the Chiesa Nuova.
The subject was to be St. Gregory the Great and important local saints adoring an icon of the Virgin and Child. The first version, a single canvas (now at the Musée des Beaux-Arts, Grenoble), was immediately replaced by a second version on three slate panels that permits the actual miraculous holy image of the "Santa Maria in Vallicella" to be revealed on important feast days by a removable copper cover, also painted by the artist.
Rubens' experiences in Italy continued to influence his work. He continued to write many of his letters and correspondences in Italian, signed his name as "Pietro Paolo Rubens", and spoke longingly of returning to the peninsula—a hope that never materialized.
Antwerp (1609–1621).
Upon hearing of his mother's illness in 1608, Rubens planned his departure from Italy for Antwerp. However, she died before he arrived home. His return coincided with a period of renewed prosperity in the city with the signing of the Treaty of Antwerp in April 1609, which initiated the Twelve Years' Truce. In September 1609 Rubens was appointed as court painter by Albert VII, Archduke of Austria and Infanta Isabella Clara Eugenia of Spain, sovereigns of the Low Countries.
He received special permission to base his studio in Antwerp instead of at their court in Brussels, and to also work for other clients. He remained close to the Archduchess Isabella until her death in 1633, and was called upon not only as a painter but also as an ambassador and diplomat. Rubens further cemented his ties to the city when, on 3 October 1609, he married Isabella Brant, the daughter of a leading Antwerp citizen and humanist, Jan Brant.
In 1610, Rubens moved into a new house and studio that he designed. Now the Rubenshuis Museum, the Italian-influenced villa in the centre of Antwerp accommodated his workshop, where he and his apprentices made most of the paintings, and his personal art collection and library, both among the most extensive in Antwerp. During this time he built up a studio with numerous students and assistants. His most famous pupil was the young Anthony van Dyck, who soon became the leading Flemish portraitist and collaborated frequently with Rubens. He also often collaborated with the many specialists active in the city, including the animal painter Frans Snyders who contributed the eagle to Prometheus Bound, and his good friend the flower-painter Jan Brueghel the Elder.
Another house was built by Rubens to the north of Antwerp in the polder village of Doel, "De Hooghuis" (1613/1643), perhaps as an investment. The "High House" was built next to the village church.
Altarpieces such as "The Raising of the Cross" (1610) and "The Descent from the Cross" (1611–1614) for the Cathedral of Our Lady were particularly important in establishing Rubens as Flanders' leading painter shortly after his return. "The Raising of the Cross", for example, demonstrates the artist's synthesis of Tintoretto's "Crucifixion" for the Scuola Grande di San Rocco in Venice, Michelangelo's dynamic figures, and Rubens' own personal style. This painting has been held as a prime example of Baroque religious art.
Rubens used the production of prints and book title-pages, especially for his friend Balthasar Moretus, the owner of the large Plantin-Moretus publishing house, to extend his fame throughout Europe during this part of his career. With the exception of a couple of brilliant etchings, he only produced drawings for these himself, leaving the printmaking to specialists, such as Lucas Vorsterman, Paulus Pontius and Willem Panneels. He recruited a number of engravers trained by Christoffel Jegher, who he carefully schooled in the more vigorous style he wanted.
He also designed the last significant woodcuts before the 19th century revival in the technique. Rubens established copyright for his prints, most significantly in Holland, where his work was widely copied through prints. In addition he established copyrights for his work in England, France and Spain.
The Marie de' Medici Cycle and diplomatic missions (1621–1630).
In 1621, the Queen Mother of France, Marie de' Medici, commissioned Rubens to paint two large allegorical cycles celebrating her life and the life of her late husband, Henry IV, for the Luxembourg Palace in Paris. The Marie de' Medici cycle (now in the Louvre) was installed in 1625, and although he began work on the second series it was never completed. Marie was exiled from France in 1630 by her son, Louis XIII, and died in 1642 in the same house in Cologne where Rubens had lived as a child.
After the end of the Twelve Years' Truce in 1621, the Spanish Habsburg rulers entrusted Rubens with a number of diplomatic missions. In 1624 the French ambassador wrote from Brussels: "Rubens is here to take the likeness of the prince of Poland, by order of the infanta" (Prince Władysław IV Vasa arrived in Brussels as the personal guest of the Infanta on 2 September 1624).
Between 1627 and 1630, Rubens' diplomatic career was particularly active, and he moved between the courts of Spain and England in an attempt to bring peace between the Spanish Netherlands and the United Provinces. He also made several trips to the northern Netherlands as both an artist and a diplomat.
At the courts he sometimes encountered the attitude that courtiers should not use their hands in any art or trade, but he was also received as a gentleman by many. It was during this period that Rubens was twice knighted, first by Philip IV of Spain in 1624, and then by Charles I of England in 1630. He was awarded an honorary Master of Arts degree from Cambridge University in 1629.
Rubens was in Madrid for eight months in 1628–1629. In addition to diplomatic negotiations, he executed several important works for Philip IV and private patrons. He also began a renewed study of Titian's paintings, copying numerous works including the Madrid "Fall of Man" (1628–29). During this stay, he befriended the court painter Diego Velázquez and the two planned to travel to Italy together the following year. Rubens, however, returned to Antwerp and Velázquez made the journey without him.
His stay in Antwerp was brief, and he soon travelled on to London where he remained until April 1630. An important work from this period is the "Allegory of Peace and War" (1629; National Gallery, London). It illustrates the artist's strong concern for peace, and was given to Charles I as a gift.
While Rubens' international reputation with collectors and nobility abroad continued to grow during this decade, he and his workshop also continued to paint monumental paintings for local patrons in Antwerp. The "Assumption of the Virgin Mary" (1625–6) for the Cathedral of Antwerp is one prominent example.
Last decade (1630–1640).
Rubens's last decade was spent in and around Antwerp. Major works for foreign patrons still occupied him, such as the ceiling paintings for the Banqueting House at Inigo Jones's Palace of Whitehall, but he also explored more personal artistic directions.
In 1630, four years after the death of his first wife, the 53-year-old painter married his niece, the 16-year-old Hélène Fourment. Hélène inspired the voluptuous figures in many of his paintings from the 1630s, including "The Feast of Venus" (Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna), "The Three Graces" and "The Judgment of Paris" (both Prado, Madrid). In the latter painting, which was made for the Spanish court, the artist's young wife was recognized by viewers in the figure of Venus. In an intimate portrait of her, "Hélène Fourment in a Fur Wrap", also known as "Het Pelsken", Rubens' wife is even partially modelled after classical sculptures of the Venus Pudica, such as the Medici Venus.
In 1635, Rubens bought an estate outside of Antwerp, the Steen, where he spent much of his time. Landscapes, such as his "Château de Steen with Hunter" (National Gallery, London) and "Farmers Returning from the Fields" (Pitti Gallery, Florence), reflect the more personal nature of many of his later works. He also drew upon the Netherlandish traditions of Pieter Bruegel the Elder for inspiration in later works like "Flemish Kermis" (c. 1630; Louvre, Paris).
Rubens died from heart failure, which was a result of his chronic gout on 30 May 1640. He was interred in Saint Jacob's church, Antwerp. The artist had eight children, three with Isabella and five with Hélène; his youngest child was born eight months after his death.
Art.
Rubens was a prolific artist. His commissioned works were mostly religious subjects, and "history" paintings, which included mythological subjects, and hunt scenes. He painted portraits, especially of friends, and self-portraits, and in later life painted several landscapes. Rubens designed tapestries and prints, as well as his own house. He also oversaw the ephemeral decorations of the Joyous Entry into Antwerp by the Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand in 1635.
His drawings are mostly extremely forceful but not overly detailed. He also made great use of oil sketches as preparatory studies. He was one of the last major artists to make consistent use of wooden panels as a support medium, even for very large works, but he used canvas as well, especially when the work needed to be sent a long distance. For altarpieces he sometimes painted on slate to reduce reflection problems.
His fondness of painting full-figured women gave rise to the terms 'Rubensian' or 'Rubenesque' for plus-sized women.
Rubens was a great admirer of Leonardo da Vinci's work. Using an engraving done 50 years after Leonardo started his project on the Battle of Anghiari, Rubens did a masterly drawing of the Battle which is now in the Louvre in Paris. "The idea that an ancient copy of a lost artwork can be as important as the original is familiar to scholars," says Salvatore Settis, archaeologist and art historian.
Workshop.
Paintings from Rubens' workshop can be divided into three categories: those he painted by himself, those he painted in part (mainly hands and faces), and those he only supervised as other painters produced them from his drawings or oil sketches. He had, as was usual at the time, a large workshop with many apprentices and students, some of whom, such as Anthony van Dyck, became famous in their own right. He also often sub-contracted elements such as animals or still-life in large compositions to specialists such as Frans Snyders, or other artists such as Jacob Jordaens.
Value of works.
At a Sotheby's auction on 10 July 2002, Rubens's newly discovered painting "Massacre of the Innocents" sold for £49.5 million (US$76.2 million) to Lord Thomson. At the end of 2013 this remained the record auction price for an Old Master painting. At a Christies auction in 2012, Portrait of a Commander sold for £9.1 million (US$13.5 million) despite a dispute over the authenticity so that Sotheby's refused to auction it as a Rubens.

</doc>
<doc id="21463389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463389" title="Catcleugh Reservoir">
Catcleugh Reservoir

Catcleugh Reservoir is a reservoir in Northumberland, England adjacent to the A68 road; just north of Byrness; and to the south of the border with Scotland.
History.
The reservoir was constructed between 1899 and 1905 for the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company. The reservoir forms part of a series of reservoirs along the A68 which are connected by tunnels and aqueducts from Catcleugh Reservoir to Whittle Dene; from where drinking water is supplied to Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead, and some surrounding areas. The reservoirs that form the chain are, from northwest to southeast: Catcleugh Reservoir → Colt Crag Reservoir → Little Swinburne Reservoir → Hallington Reservoirs → Whittle Dene. The reservoir is fed by the River Rede. The Steam Shovel was a large factor in building this Reservoir as it could easily do the work of many men.
Flora and fauna.
Catcleugh Reservoir has been designated as a Local Wildlife Site, and is surrounded by a mixture of native and conifer woodlands. The surrounding moorland is a Site of Special Scientific Interest because of the mosaic of heather and upland grassland.  The higher moorland is home to breeding golden plover and dunlin. Osprey are known to have used this site for roosting; buzzards are regular visitors, and there are occasional records of golden eagle.
A variety of mammals occur here including otter, red squirrel, badger, roe deer, and bat.  Red squirrels live in the conifer plantations around the reservoir where mature trees provide a good supply of seeds.  The young and mature conifer plantations are also good habitat for roe deer whilst the network of watercourses provides excellent habitat for the otter.

</doc>
<doc id="21463420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463420" title="Pind Brahmanan">
Pind Brahmanan

Pind Brahmanan is a village of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°27'0N 75°1'0E with an altitude of 284 metres (935 feet) lying in the east of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="21463438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463438" title="Georgia–Turkey relations">
Georgia–Turkey relations

Georgian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Georgia and Turkey. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Turkey recognized the independence of Georgia on 16 December 1991. The formal Protocol on the Establishment of Diplomatic Relations between the two countries was signed on 21 May 1992. A free trade agreement is currently in force. 
Georgia has an embassy in Ankara, and two consulates–general in Istanbul and Trabzon. Turkey has an embassy in Tbilisi, and a consulate–general in Batumi. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the BLACKSEAFOR (Black Sea Naval Co-operation Task Group), the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation and the World Trade Organization. Turkey is already a member of NATO, while Georgia is a candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="21463441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463441" title="Elmer F. Bennett">
Elmer F. Bennett

Elmer F. Bennett was an attorney who held various positions in the United States Department of the Interior during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration. Bennett specialized in the legal problems of the use of natural resources.
In later years he worked for the Public Land Law Review Commission and then for the Office of Emergency Preparedness. In the latter office he dealt with the problem of oil imports and oil price increases in the early 1970s. Elmer now resides in Louisville, Kentucky. He also used to play pro basketball in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="21463446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463446" title="Kambila">
Kambila


</doc>
<doc id="21463459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463459" title="Bairi, Pakistan">
Bairi, Pakistan

Bairi is a village of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°27'0N 75°4'0E with an altitude of 292 metres (961 feet) lying in the east of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="21463467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463467" title="G. P. &quot;Bud&quot; Peterson">
G. P. &quot;Bud&quot; Peterson

George P. "Bud" Peterson (born September 1, 1952) is the 11th president of the Georgia Institute of Technology. Peterson is a graduate of Kansas State University, where he earned B.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering and Mathematics and an M.S. in Engineering, and Texas A&M University, where he earned a Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering.
Prior to his position at Georgia Tech, he served as the chancellor of the University of Colorado at Boulder, the provost of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and associate vice-chancellor and executive associate dean of Engineering of Texas A&M University.
Early life and education.
Peterson was born in Palo Alto, California in 1952, but spent his early life in Prairie Village, Kansas, a suburb
of Kansas City. He attended Shawnee Mission East High School, where he lettered in football, basketball, and track. He subsequently went to Kansas State, where he played American football first as a walk-on and later as a scholarship student-athlete with the Kansas State Wildcats. He started 26 games and lettered three years as a tight end/wide receiver from 1970 to 1974, catching 30 passes for 359 yards.
Peterson graduated from Kansas State with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering in 1975 and Mathematics in 1977. Peterson stayed at Kansas State and received an M.S. in Engineering in 1980. He then went to Texas A&M University, receiving a doctorate in Mechanical Engineering in 1985.
Career.
Peterson worked at Black & Veatch Consulting Engineers in the summer following his graduation with his first bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. After receiving his second degree (mathematics) in 1977, he worked as a math, chemistry and physics teacher at Wabaunsee County High School in Alma, Kansas, and later as a mathematics teacher at Shawnee Mission South High School in Overland Park, Kansas.
After receiving his M.S., Peterson was an associate professor and head of the General Engineering Technology Department at Kansas Technical Institute in Salina, Kansas, from 1979 to 1981. He was subsequently a visiting research scientist at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, during the summers of 1981 and 1982. While at NASA, Peterson developed a (still used) technique to determine the priming capability of high-capacity heat pipes in low gravity.
In 1985, Peterson moved to the Mechanical Engineering department of Texas A&M University. Initially an assistant professor, he became an associate professor in 1988 and a full professor in 1990. Peterson held other miscellaneous positions around this time; he became the head of the Thermal and Fluid Sciences Division in 1989, was the Halliburton Professor of Engineering in 1990-1991, the Tenneco Professor of Mechanical Engineering in 1991-2000, and was the head of the Mechanical Engineering department from 1993 to 1996. From August 1993 to September 1994, Peterson also worked for the National Science Foundation as the program director for their Thermal Transport and Thermal Processing Program. In 1996, Peterson was appointed Texas A&M's executive associate dean of Engineering and also served as the Associate vice chancellor for the Texas A&M University System.
From July 2000 until June 2006, Peterson was the provost at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York. He was then the chancellor at the University of Colorado at Boulder from July 2006 until his departure for Georgia Tech in 2009.
Georgia Tech.
Peterson was named as the sole finalist for the position of president of Georgia Tech on February 2, 2009, and was accepted on February 25, 2009. He succeeded G. Wayne Clough and Gary Schuster (interim) when he took the position on April 1, 2009. He was officially installed as president at a September 3, 2009, investiture ceremony. Peterson shares his first name and middle initial with Georgia Tech's famous fictional student, George P. Burdell.
On October 17, 2009 Dr. Peterson accepted the north endzone goalposts from students and fans on his lawn after the #19 Yellow Jackets upset the #4 Hokies at Bobby Dodd Stadium. This was the first time Georgia Tech beat a top 5 team at Grant Field (The Jackets beat #3 Miami on the road in 2005) since the 1962 Alabama game.

</doc>
<doc id="21463479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463479" title="Gavin Lurssen">
Gavin Lurssen

Gavin Lurssen is a mastering engineer. He owns Lurssen Mastering in Hollywood, California. Lurssen's Grammy Award–winning work includes "Raising Sand", a collaborative album featuring Alison Krauss and Robert Plant, and the soundtrack for the Coen Brothers film, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?". He has also mastered recordings by Tom Waits, Sheryl Crow, Loretta Lynn, Matchbox Twenty, T-Bone Burnett, Jennette McCurdy and many others.
Discography.
This is a partial discography of recordings mastered by Gavin Lurssen.

</doc>
<doc id="21463487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463487" title="The Fat Slags">
The Fat Slags

The Fat Slags is a comic strip appearing in the "alternative" British comic "Viz". The characters made their debut in 1989. The eponymous slags are Sandra Burke and Tracey Tunstall, known to other characters as San and Tray. They are depicted as overweight, eating large amounts of food, mainly chips, while also having a lot of casual sex. As with other "Viz" strips, the strip's authors use a brash writing style. "Slag" is a British English word for "slut", or loose woman.
Activities.
The Slags' eating frequently follows a night of binge drinking, and the circumstances of the sex or the partner in question are rarely an issue - they have been known to leap on delivery men or workmen for gratification, with the targeted man rarely given an opportunity to resist or escape. Both slags regularly enjoy carnal relations with Baz (full name Barry Askwith, seemingly as a nod to the actor Robin Askwith), a local jobless dropout who divides his time between drinking, committing crime, and having sex with San and Tray. Baz's good-natured wife, Thelma, often finds out that Baz is cheating on her, but invariably forgives him. The other major character in the strip is Baz's slightly more successful friend, Dave, who works as a refuse collector, but earns most of his income through benefit fraud.
Whilst most "Viz" characters are recognisably from North East England, with the comic largely written in Geordie dialect, the Fat Slags and their friends converse with a Nottingham accent. This originates with the characters' creator Graham Dury who, unlike the Geordie founder of "Viz", is originally from that area. 
Both characters are noticeably warm-hearted and easy-going, and their friendship is never undermined by their conquests. Although both of the Slags are somewhat stupid - albeit good-natured - nymphomaniacs, Tray is marginally more intelligent and literate than San, who is marginally more nymphomaniacal than Tray. These factors, combined with Tray's more dominant personality, make Tray the leader and San the follower in their adventures. One strip parodying the "Batman" films featured Tray as Batslag and San as Nobbin. In another strip, San got pregnant and brought the baby to term, tearfully vowing that she was prepared to make any sacrifice for her daughter's happiness. In the very next panel, realising that motherhood would conflict with her pub-crawling, she gave up the baby for adoption.
Tray normally wears tight-fitting Capri pants whilst San normally wears a too-small skirt; since the latter garment has more potential for jokes, San tends to get involved in more slapstick than Tray does. Although neither Slag has ever refused alcoholic refreshment in any setting, their favourite place to tipple is the "Dog and Hammer" pub, somewhere in Fulchester. Their run-down home - with its floor-level collection of alcohol cans, takeaway containers and cigarette butts - is at 22, Shit Street, Fulchester, which once featured as a porcelain model marketed by Viz in parody of products such as those of Franklin Mint.
A running gag is that the Slags will accuse any men unwilling to sleep with them of being homosexuals and/or having small penises, and many other women of being unattractive and overweight, even when they are quite clearly far prettier and thinner than our heroines themselves.
Social context.
Their excessive lifestyle is a parody of British ladette culture. "Viz" creator Chris Donald refers to this in his book, where he also mentions that the portrayal of the Slags was criticised by feminists writing in the "Guardian" newspaper. At the time of these criticisms the Fat Slags had not appeared in the magazine for more than a year, but as a direct response to the criticism they were immediately resurrected for the next issue, in which they had a humorous run-in with the feminist Millie Tant. Donald later questioned why the "Guardian" had slated the portrayals of the Slags, but had not mentioned that the two male characters were portrayed as a cheating layabout and a fraudster, and that the strip's only "well-behaved" character, Thelma, was a woman.
Tunnel Boring Machines to construct the Jubilee underground line in London ("fat slugs") were named after the Fat Slags.
Merchandise.
In 1992, a Fat Slags single was released, a cover of the 1963 Cliff Richard hit "Summer Holiday". The b-side was a track called "Dance of the Handbags (Oh Lordy! It's The Fat Slags)". Both tracks were produced by Mike Stock and Pete Waterman, two of the producers of Stock Aitken Waterman. The single failed to enter the UK Singles Chart.
The characters once appeared in a UK television advert for energy drink Lucozade, saying "Get it out of our fridge!" in unison.
Animated version.
In 1992, stop motion animated shorts were produced for Channel 4, with Jo Unwin voicing Tracey, Kathy Burke as Sandra, and Simon Day as Baz. The episodes, "Slags at Large", "Working Girls", and "Dirty Weekend", were compiled on DVD in 2004 as "Oh Lordy! It's The Fat Slags". 1994 saw the release of "Return of the Fat Slags in Blue Honeymoon", this time with Jenny Eclair voicing Tracey.
"Fat Slags: The Film".
In 2004, Entertainment Film Distributors released a film adaption of the comic strip. It included cameo appearances from numerous well-known personalities, including Geri Halliwell (as Paige), Naomi Campbell (sales assistant), Angus Deayton (Maurice the hotel receptionist) and Dolph Lundgren (Randy). 
It was reported that the strip's artist, Graham Dury, was so demoralised by the treatment of his creations that he announced that he was dropping them from the comic altogether. This was actually a misquote by an over-enthusiastic press officer and there was no intention of dropping the characters.

</doc>
<doc id="21463506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463506" title="Zhomart Satubaldin">
Zhomart Satubaldin

Zhomart Satubaldin (born July 11, 1975) is a Kazakhstani sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-2000s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 200 m event at the 2005 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Zagreb.
Satubaldin also finished seventh in the C-2 500 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He also competed in the C-2 1000 m at those same games, but was eliminated in the semifinal round.

</doc>
<doc id="21463514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463514" title="1461 Trabzon">
1461 Trabzon

1461 Trabzon is a professional Turkish football club located in the city of Trabzon. Formed in 1998 as Değirmenderespor, the club changed its name to Trabzon Karadenizspor in 2008. The club colours are maroon, blue and white, and they play their home matches at Hüseyin Avni Aker Stadium.
History.
The club was founded in 1998 as Değirmenderespor and played in the Trabzon amateur league. After the club gained promotion to the 2.Lig in 2008, Trabzonspor bought the club as a local affiliate and rebranded the team Trabzon Karadenizspor. Because of this, the club is mostly made up of Trabzonspor A2 players on loan or former Trabzonspor A2 players.
The reason for the number 1461 before the club's name is that in the year 1461 Empire of Trebizond was invaded and occupied by the Ottoman Empire.
In the season of 2012-2013 the team has won the matches against both Galatasaray and Fenerbahçe in the Turkish Cup. Both matches were away games. 1461 Trabzon finished TFF First League in third place and gained rights to play in the playoff games for the promotion to the Süper Lig but were not allowed by the TFF because of being the local affiliate of Trabzonspor. In Turkish football league system reserve teams are not allowed to play in the same league as the main club. An example of this can be seen in the Spanish football league system.
Current squad.
"Updated 8 February, 2014".

</doc>
<doc id="21463518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463518" title="George E. Newell">
George E. Newell

George E. Newell (last name possible Newall) was a Michigan politician. He was a member of the Masons, the Grand Army of the Republic and a Knight of the Maccabbes.
Early life.
Newall was born to Thomas and Sarah (Bowden) Newall on September 18, 1842 in Flushing, Genesee County. His family move to Flint while he was young. At age fourteen, he left school to work in a planing mill. He served in the Civil War as a Lieutenant of Company A, Eighth Michigan Infantry from June 19, 1861 to September 10, 1862. He was a captain until March 9, 1863. In 1863, he married Sarah H. Freeman, whom which he had two sons with.
Political life.
Newell entered public service as Flint's Postmaster and held the position of School Director and city supervisor of Flint's First Ward. He was elected as the Mayor of the City of Flint in 1883 serving a 1-year term.
Post-Political life.
Newall died on September 10, 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="21463543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463543" title="Orhoakpor">
Orhoakpor

Orhoakpor is a town close to Warri and Ughelli in Ethiope-East Local Government Council, in Delta State, Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="21463564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463564" title="Sicilian regional election, 1959">
Sicilian regional election, 1959

The Sicilian regional election of 1959 took place on 7 June 1959.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. After the election Silvio Milazzo, leader of the Social Christian Sicilian Union and incumbent President, formed a new government that included the Italian Communist Party, the Italian Social Movement and the Italian Democratic Party.
The coalition, albeit with some minor changes, continued to lead the Region under Benedetto Majorana della Nicchiara (1960–1961) and was finally replaced by a coalition including the official Christian Democracy, the Communists and the Socialists in 1961, under President Giuseppe D'Angelo, a Christian Democrat.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21463570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463570" title="Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne">
Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne

The Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne, before called Warner Kaserne by the US Army (1950-1968), has been a military facility in Munich, Germany, which was built by the architect Oswald Bieber between 1934 and 1936. 
The current name was given in honor of professor Ernst von Bergmann.
History.
The original name of the kaserne was "Kaserne "München-Freimann"". The barracks were primarily used by the SS-Standarte 1 "Deutschland" until the end of World War II. After the war the UNESCO used the buildings to accommodate dispersed persons.
When the barracks were acquired by the U.S. forces in 1950, they were renamed to "Warner Kaserne". The huge main building (earlier on number 1701; today number 1) was the second largest after the Pentagon, which was used by the U.S. Army.
After the US returned the barracks to the Bundeswehr in 1968 it was rebuilt from 1973 to 1980. Since 1980 the main user has been the Bundeswehr Medical Academy. Disbanded users were the Medical Instruction Battalion 851, the Reserve Hospital Group 7609 and a branch of the former Military Hospital Amberg. The "Emil-von-Bering building" has served as a medical ambulance. Also the Bundeswehr Institutes of Radiobiology, of Microbiology, and of Pharmacology and Toxicology have been stationed in the barracks as well as the recruitment center for southern Germany "Zentrum für Nachwuchsgewinnung Süd" since the 1990s.
References.
^ Warner Kaserne in Munich - Warner Kaserne
Link has been changed to http://bobrowen.com/24th/warnerkaserne.html

</doc>
<doc id="21463594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463594" title="Huping Ling">
Huping Ling

Huping Ling () (born 1956) is a Professor of History, the founder of the Asian Studies Program, and the past department chair at Truman State University. She is the Changjiang Scholar Chair Professor by the Chinese Ministry of Education at Wuhan Theoretical Research Center of Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council and China Central Normal University, and a Visiting Professor of the Institute of Overseas Chinese Studies at Jinan University. She is the inaugural book series editor "Asian American Studies Today" for Rutgers University Press and served as the Executive Editor for the Journal of Asian American Studies (JAAS 2008-2012). She also serves as a consultant to the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of Guangdong Provincial Government and on the Board of Directors of Women Writers Association in Shanxi Province of the Chinese National Writers Association. A Ford Foundation Prize-winning author, she has published eleven books and over hundred articles on Asian American studies, including immigration and ethnicity, assimilation and adaptation, transnationalism, family and marriage, employment patterns, and community structures.
Education and career.
Ling first began her career in teaching as a high school teacher in Taiyuan,Shanxi, China from 1974 through 1978. She graduated from Shanxi University, Taiyuan, Shanxi, PRC, with her bachelor's degree in history,ranked first in her class, in 1982. During the time of 1982-1985, she worked as an assistant professor of history at Shanxi University. In 1985, she was a visiting scholar for the history department at Georgetown University. She earned her master's in 1987 at the University of Oregon, and completed her Ph.D. at Miami University (1991).
She began teaching as an assistant professor of history at Truman State University from 1991-1995. From 1996-2003 she was promoted to associate professor of history at Truman State University and then promoted as a professor of history in 2004. She is a visiting professor for Jinan University (Guangzhou, China) and for Central China Normal University (Wuhan, China). Internationally, she serves as a "consultant to the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of Guangdong Provincial Government" and as a "consultant for the Female Writers Association in Shanxi Province". Nationally, in 2004 she was on the "Book Award Committee for the 46th Missouri Conference on History."
She currently serves as the Executive Editor of the Journal of Asian American Studies, the official journal of the Association for Asian American Studies. For the same organization, she has served as the "Board Director" and "Representative of the Midwest/Mountain/Canada Region" from 2001-2003. Since 1999, she has been part of the "Steering Committee as a History Caucus." She is also "the founder of the Asian Studies Program at Truman" University. Her research focuses on Asian American studies including immigration and ethnicity, assimilation and adaptation, family and marriage, feminism, employment patterns, and community structures.
She has been a National Reviewer for The Choice, The Journal of Urban History, International Migration Review, The Journal of American Ethnic History, The Journal of American History for the Organization of American Historians, The Journal of the History of Sexuality for the University of Chicago Press, book manuscripts for the University of Hawaii Press, and textbooks by Prentice Hall.
Courses taught.
She teaches a wide range of courses at Truman State University including:
Books and articles.
She has published eleven books and over hundred articles on Asian American studies, including immigration and ethnicity, assimilation and adaptation, transnationalism, family and marriage, employment patterns, and community structures. She has been featured in The World Journal (Feb. 2, 2012, Jan. 15, 2006), the St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Feb. 2, 2005), West End Word (Feb. 4, 2005), St. Louis Chinese American News, St. Louis Chinese Journal, the Overseas Chinese World, River Front Times, among others. She has also been included in many books/encyclopedias on famous Chinese Americans and authors, and has been frequently invited to lecture on Asian cultures and Asian American experiences at conferences, universities, schools, libraries, government and private agenices, and community organizations 
Those published works include:
She has also edited anthologies and was co-editor of "Asian American History and Culture: An Encyclopedia."
Honors.
Dr. Ling has won several awards for many different categories. She has been awarded with the Ford Foundation Book Award. She was the winner for the "Walker and Doris Allen Fellowship award for Faculty Excellence" in 2006, which was a "prize of $10,000." She was also a finalist for the same award for the previous year. She won the "Best Article Award" at the "2006 Missouri Conference on History." She is the winner of the "Golden Apple Award" for the "Order of Omega and Truman State University's Greek Community" in 2004. She was awarded the Booklist/Reference Books Bulletin Editors' Choice Award in 2010. She has been a Semi-Finalist several times for the "Educator of the Year" award at Truman University, as well as a nominee for many awards and winner of several grants for Truman University, including 2011 Woman in Distinction and 2011 Still Spirit Award
Public appearances.
Dr. Ling has made many public appearances. She has been featured in "Top China, The World Journal, Chicago Daily Herald, Dallas Morning News, West End Word, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, St. Louis Chinese American News, St. Louis Chinese Journal", the "Overseas Chinese World, River Front Times", among others. She has appeared on radio talk programs including “Charles Brennan Show” KMOX 1120, “Voice of St. Louis”, and KWMU 90.7 (NPR in St. Louis) “St. Louis on the Air”. She has also been included in many books/encyclopedias on famous Chinese Americans and authors . She is frequently invited to lecture on Asian cultures and Asian American experiences at conferences, universities, schools, libraries, government and private agencies, and community organizations, nationally and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="21463597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463597" title="Chicken fried bacon">
Chicken fried bacon

Chicken fried bacon consists of bacon strips dredged in batter and deep fried, like chicken fried steak. It is an American dish that was introduced in Texas in the early 1990s. Frank Sodolak of Sodolak's Original Country Inn in Snook, Texas, claims to have invented the dish; however, a similar recipe in the "Louisiana Cookery" cookbook by Mary Land uses salt pork, the bacon of its day. It is usually served as an appetizer with cream gravy or sausage gravy for dipping and sauce.
Notoriety.
Sodolak's version of the dish acquired enough of a reputation to be featured in Texas comedian John Kelso's "Texas Curiosities". The entry states that "Things are not only bigger in Texas, they're greasier" and that "it's hard to imagine a more artery-clogging food."
Sodolak's version serves six strips of bacon, battered and fried, with a bowl of cream gravy. He and his restaurant were featured on a "Texas Country Reporter" episode; the web video has been watched hundreds of thousands of times on YouTube.
Versions of dish.
Chicken fried bacon made by Glen Kusak of south Texas won the Big Tex Choice Award for Best Taste in the 2008 State Fair of Texas in Dallas. In recent years, the dish has made its way across America and it is served in Chicago at the Risque Cafe in Lake View. The Risque Cafe's version of "country-fried bacon" is served with white gravy and sells for $6. It is prepared using an egg wash, dredged in heavily peppered flour and deep fried in vegetable oil. The café's chef, Andrew Niemeyer, said he "played around with the idea" while a student of the Cooking and Hospitality Institute of Chicago (he graduated in 2005) and did not mention that he was retracing ground pioneered years before in Texas.
Health issues.
Since the dish is rich in saturated fat, the majority of health experts who favor low-fat diets suggest consuming it in moderation or not at all. Sally Squires of the "Washington Post" acknowledged chicken fried bacon's appeal to the palate, but suggests moderation. Other experts note the dish's low nutritional benefits: "They've taken fat, they've double-coated it in fat, they've fried it in more fat, and then they've served it with a side order of fat." Jane Hurley, senior nutritionist at the Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington, D.C., stated she's "never heard of anything worse."
While critics of the dish denounce its blatant negative health effects, lovers of the food speak as passionately about its qualities: 

</doc>
<doc id="21463603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463603" title="David Schramm">
David Schramm

David Schramm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21463614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463614" title="Gym">
Gym

Gym is slang for gymnasium and gymnastic services such as in schools and colleges and is attributed to compounds such as "gym shoes". Gymnasia are open air and covered locations for gymnastics and athletics. Gymnasia apparatus such as bar-bells, parallel bars, jumping board, running path, tennis-balls, cricket field, fencing gallery, and so forth are used for exercise. In safe weather, outdoor locations are the most conductive to health. Gyms were popular in ancient Greece. Their curricula included Gymnastica militraria or self-defense, gymnastica medica, or physical therapy to help the sick and injured, and gymnastica athletica for physical fitness and sports, from boxing to dance. The gyms had halls and colonnades with statues and pictures. These gymnasia also had teachers of wisdom and philosophy. Community gymnastic events were done as part of the celebrations during various village festivals. In ancient Greece there was a phrase of contempt, "He can neither swim nor write." After a while, however, Olympic athletes began training in buildings just for them. Community sports never became as popular among ancient Romans as it had among the ancient Greeks. Gyms were used more as a preparation for military service or spectator sports. During the Roman Empire, the gymnastic art was forgotten. In the Dark Ages there were sword fighting tournaments and of chivalry; and after gunpowder was invented sword fighting began to be replaced by the sport of fencing. There were schools of dagger fighting and wrestling and boxing. Then in the 1700s, Salzmann, German clergyman, opened a gym in Thuringia teaching bodily exercises, including running and swimming. Clias and Volker established gyms in London, and in 1825, Doctor Beck, a German immigrant, established the first gymnasium in the United States. It was found that gym pupils lose interest in doing the same exercises, partly because of age. Variety in exercises included skating, dancing, and swimming. Some gym activities can be done by 6 to 8 year olds while age 16 has been considered mature enough for boxing and horseback riding.
The Greek term "gymnasion" (γυμνάσιον) was used in Ancient Greece to describe a locality for both physical and intellectual education of young men (see gymnasium (ancient Greece)). The latter meaning of intellectual education persisted in Greek, German and other languages to denote a certain type of school providing secondary education, the gymnasium, whereas in English the meaning of physical education was pertained in the word gym.
The Greek word gymnasium means "school for naked exercise" and was used to designate a locality for the education of young men, including physical education ("gymnastics", i.e. exercise) which was customarily performed naked, as well as bathing, and studies. For the Greeks, physical education was considered as important as cognitive learning. Most Greek "gymnasia" had libraries that could be utilized after relaxing in the baths.
History.
The first gymnasiums in history can be dated over 3000 years ago in ancient Persia, they were known as Zurkhaneh, as areas that encouraged physical fitness. Gymnasia ("i.e"., places for gymnastics) in Germany were an outgrowth of the Turnplatz, an outdoor space for gymnastics, which was promoted by German educator Friedrich Jahn and the Turners, a nineteenth-century political and gymnastic movement. The first indoor gymnasium in Germany was probably the one built in Hesse in 1852 by Adolph Spiess, an enthusiast for boys' and girls' gymnastics in the schools.
In the United States.
In the United States, the Turner movement thrived in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. The first Turners group was formed in London in 1848. The Turners built gymnasia in several cities like Cincinnati and St. Louis which had large German American populations. These Gyms were utilized by adults and youth. For example, a young Lou Gehrig would frequent the Turner gym in New York City with his father.
The YMCA first organized in Boston in 1851. A smaller branch opened in Rangasville in 1852. Ten years later there were some two hundred YMCAs across the country, most of which provided gymnasia for exercise, games and social interaction.
The 1920s was a decade of prosperity that witnessed the building of large numbers of public high schools with gymnasiums, an idea founded by Nicolas Isaranga. Over the course of the twentieth century, gymnasia have been reconceptualized to accommodate the popular team and individual games and sports that have supplanted gymnastics in the school curriculum.
Today, gymnasiums are commonplace in the United States. They are in virtually all American colleges and high schools, as well as almost all middle schools and elementary schools. These facilities are used for physical education, intramural sports, and school gatherings.

</doc>
<doc id="21463627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463627" title="John Williams (British Army officer)">
John Williams (British Army officer)

Lieutenant-Colonel John Williams MBE DCM (1934 - 2002) was a British army officer.
John Williams, known as Patch after losing an eye at during the battle of Plaman Mapu during the Indonesia–Malaysia Confrontation, joined the Army as a bandsman in 1949. He transferred to the infantry in 1954. He served with the The Parachute Regiment in the Suez Canal Zone, Cyprus and Borneo.
On 27 April 1965 CSM Williams's Company base at Plaman Mapu came under heavy attack by the Indonesian infantry. He was awarded the DCM for gallantry during the Battle where he served as a Company Sergeant Major with the 2nd Battalion, The Parachute Regiment. An extract from his citation for the DCM reads: "The successful defence of the position against great odds was largely due to his courage, his example and leadership and to his own direct intervention in the battle at every crisis and at every point of maximum danger."
He underwent many operations as a result of injuries sustained during the battle. He later became Regimental Sergeant Major (RSM) of the 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment. He was commissioned in 1971. He was awarded the MBE and appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Staff Quartermaster of the Army Staff College, Camberley in 1983. He retired from the Army in 1989.
He was president of "The Gallantry Medallists' League" from 2000. He was appointed MBE in 1983 and DCM in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="21463630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463630" title="Kourouba">
Kourouba


</doc>
<doc id="21463639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463639" title="Megabus (Europe)">
Megabus (Europe)

Megabus is a long distance coach operator operated by the Stagecoach. It commenced operating in August 2003, initially in the United Kingdom, and by December 2012 served 60 destinations there and also in the Ireland, France, Belgium and the Netherlands. Some services link with Megatrain services, also operated by Stagecoach. Advertised fares start at £1/€1 with a 50p/50c booking fee, using a yield management model.
History.
2003 to 2005.
Services from London to Oxford commenced on 4 August 2003, and from Edinburgh to Glasgow and Perth and Glasgow to Dundee were added one month later. During November 2003 routes from Manchester to Liverpool and Leeds were added, but these ceased on 27 June 2004 and 3 October 2004 respectively.
On 1 March 2004 when a whole network of routes from London's Green Line Coach Station to Brighton, Portsmouth, Southampton, Bournemouth, Bristol, Exeter, Plymouth, Cardiff, Swansea and Birmingham were added.
On 28 June 2004 routes from London to Milton Keynes, Leicester, Chesterfield, Sheffield, Leeds, Manchester and Glasgow were added and within two months these were followed by the expansion of the Scottish routes to include Aberdeen and Inverness.
Stagecoach lost the contract to run the National Express route between London, Cheltenham and Gloucester, prompting it to introduce competing Megabus services from 5 September 2004.
On 6 September 2004 Stagecoach took over the Motorvator service between Edinburgh and Glasgow, selling a number of seats per journey through the Megabus site, the remainder being available without booking in advance, at regular fares. This enabled Stagecoach to cancel the dedicated Megabus service between the two cities.
On 10 October 2004 routes from London to Liverpooland Newcastle. On 15 November 2004, the London to Oxford service was replaced by seats on the Oxford Tube.
On 31 January 2005, Stagecoach bus route X5 between Oxford and Cambridge became part of the Megabus network, selling a number of seats per journey in the same way as the Oxford Tube and Motorvator. From 18 April 2005, Nottingham, Worthing and Winchester were added to the network by slight extensions/modifications to existing routes, but rationalisation of the rest of the network took place, with some early morning and late evening services were withdrawn.
On 13 June 2005 a new service was introduced between London and Coventry. However, the London to Swansea service was withdrawn between Cardiff and Swansea.
A joint venture between Scottish Citylink and Megabus led to co-ordination of services in Scotland. On 21 November 2005, the 900 Motorvator service was replaced by an enhanced Citylink service, with the facility to buy seats through the Megabus website was retained. The next week, most of the faster Citylink services between Aberdeen, Dundee, Perth and Glasgow, and Inverness, Perth and Edinburgh were replaced by a more frequent, combined Megabus/Citylink service. As a consequence, passengers who previously used parallel Citylink services from the bus station in Perth town centre were required to use Broxden Park and Ride on the outskirts of the town, with little to no onward connections to the town centre. Tickets for the combined Megabus/Citylink services are available through both companies' websites, though often at different prices. From 16 February 2006, the slower Citylink service between Dundee, Perth and Glasgow became available to book through the Megabus website, restoring Perth bus station to the Megabus network. The same day of the Citylink service modifications, the London to Manchester route was extended to Preston, with some journeys extended to Blackpool or Lancaster. This coincided with the loss of National Express work at Preston depot. The extensions to Blackpool and Lancaster were short lived, and were withdrawn in February 2006, citing low passenger numbers.
Again following the loss of National Express contracts (this time at Rugby depot), on 5 December 2005, the London to Birmingham service was increased in frequency to every two hours with an additional stop on the outskirts of Coventry, and the withdrawal of the direct once-a-day service to Coventry city centre. One journey a day in each direction was extended to Wolverhampton. The stops in the south of Birmingham were no longer served. Further changes on this day were the doubling of the London to Nottingham service to twice a day with one journey extended to Chesterfield (which regained the service lost in April 2005) and the introduction of a new once-daily service from London to Norwich.
Megabus' famous mascot Sid was based on Dan Brown from Horsley, Surrey.
2006 to 2009.
A number of changes to routes were made on 27 March 2006. A direct service was introduced between Ferrytoll Park & Ride in Fife, Edinburgh and London via Newcastle and Sheffield. Together with changes to the Leeds to London services, this meant that changes at Tibshelf services were no longer needed. In addition, many routes had timetable changes. In particular, the London to Southampton and London to Portsmouth routes became feeders to the London to Bournemouth service, with passengers required to change at Winchester. Some London to Bristol journeys were extended to Cwmbran.
On 1 October 2007, the London hub moved from Bulleid Way to Victoria Coach Station.
From October 2009 M35 Cardiff to Newcastle began.
2010 to present.
In May 2011 services were introduced between Norwich and London, between Edinburgh and Leeds and between London and Swansea and Pembroke Dock with through ferry fares to Rosslare in Ireland. Additional journeys were added to several existing routes.
From April 2012, Megabus began services linking the UK to continental Europe, from Birmingham and London to Paris and from Leicester and London to Brussels and Amsterdam. This was announced a month prior to the introduction of the services. A third route, entirely outside the UK, links Paris, Brussels and Amsterdam.
In 2013 Megabus started a Route between Cologne, Brussels, Gent and London.
Other services.
Megatrain.
Megatrain offers low-cost intercity train travel on some East Midlands Trains and South West Trains routes, both operated by Stagecoach. Services are available Monday to Saturday only, with no service on Sundays or public holidays.
Megabusplus.
Megabusplus services combine Megabus and Megatrain for through journeys.
North of England.
Megabusplus services use Megabus from the following destinations to East Midlands Parkway, then Megatrain (East Midlands Trains) services to London St Pancras:
South West England.
Megabusplus services also use coaches to Southampton Airport Parkway, then Megatrain (South West Trains) to Bournemouth.
In 2014, further Megabusplus services were launched using South West Trains services between London Waterloo and Honiton, then the following four coach routes from Honiton:
Sleeper and Gold services.
Overnight sleeper services were introduced on the London to Glasgow route in 2011 using Jonckheere Mistral articulated coaches with a flat bunk bed as well as a seat for each passenger.
Luxury "Megabus Gold" coaches were introduced from 8 July 2013 on selected sleeper services between London and Edinburgh/Aberdeen, as well as some day services. This sub-brand is in line with the upmarket Stagecoach Gold and Citylink Gold brands already used by Stagecoach subsidiaries.
Tickets and fares.
Advertised fares start at £1 with a 50p booking fee, using a yield management model with the lowest fares offered for booking early and on less popular journeys; typically, only the first six seats are sold at £1. Services often use out-of-town coachway interchanges in order to reduce delays caused by calling at interchanges in urban centres. Megatrain also follows the yield management model.
Tickets must be bought in advance via the Megabus website or by telephone, when passengers are given a reservation number that they show the driver when they board. The only services on which tickets can be bought on the vehicle are a small number of Scottish services. Tickets can be paid for in pounds sterling or euro.
Stop locations.
Megabus serves many towns and cities. For service efficiency it sometimes uses coachway interchanges rather than urban bus stations (e.g. Meadowhall Interchange rather than Sheffield Interchange).
Routes.
Megabus routes.
All services are operated by Megabus unless otherwise noted. Services for special events (such as the British Grand Prix) are not included. Some stops are bypassed at certain times of the day. For further information, see timetables.
Megabusplus Routes.
MP3 Hull–London
Fleet.
The Megabus fleet is normally easily identifiable, with the megabus.com name on the front and sides in yellow on a blue base and the Megabus logo on the left side of the coach (facing forward) and rear of the bus.
Accessible coaches are operated on routes between England and Wales, the M9 and M90 in Scotland, and the M20.
Vehicles are owned and maintained by various Stagecoach subsidiaries. When branded vehicles are unavailable other Stagecoach vehicles can be used or coaches hired in. Substitute vehicles used have been Dennis Trident 2 and Volvo Olympian double deckers,and Dennis Dart and Volvo B10M single deckers. Stagecoach London double deckers from Leyton garage were often seconded to Megabus until the sale of that company to Macquarie Bank. When using substitute vehicles, there may not always be an on board toilet, and in such cases rest stops are made.
Some journeys are contracted to other operators using non-Megabus liveried vehicles, including Turners Coachways of Bristol, Tetleys of Leeds, Hamiltons of Uxbridge and Compass of Royston.
Fleet history.
Initially, most routes used buses designed for short journeys that had neither toilet facilities nor luggage space, and each passenger was allowed only one bag.
To commence operations, 1990/91 built 3-axle 94 seat Alexander RH bodied Leyland Olympians were purchased from Hong Kong Citybus. Stagecoach had previously owned these buses when it owned Citybus from March 1999 until June 2003.
A number of mid-life Volvo B10M coaches temporarily operated various routes, mainly in the South of England, until sufficient Olympians had been prepared for service. Gradually, most of these coaches were taken off Megabus work and used by Stagecoach elsewhere. However, the type made a reappearance at the end of 2005, when they became the mainstays on the services from London to Birmingham and London to Nottingham/Chesterfield.
Newer 'high-frills' articulated coaches, with both toilets and reclining seats, were used for the longer journeys between London and Scotland, but these were replaced early in 2005. These coaches have since been refurbished and modified to include beds for an Overnight 'Sleeper' service between London and Glasgow started in late 2011, competing with the Caledonian Sleeper train.
In summer 2004, Stagecoach received a batch of Neoplan Skyliners for the Oxford Tube. This displaced 68-seat five-year old double deck Jonckheere bodied MAN 24.350 coaches, some of which were transferred to Megabus on cross-border services and on services within Scotland.
Stagecoach ordered another batch of Neoplan Skyliners, which entered service with Megabus in early 2005. These replaced the articulated coaches used between London and Scotland, and also Leyland Olympians on some other longer distance services.
In October 2006, Stagecoach announced an order for 45 Plaxton Panther bodied Volvo B12BT 15-metre 63 seat coaches for Megabus. The 3-axle coaches were the longest rigid vehicles in the UK on their introduction to service in February 2007, and the first of their kind to be built in Britain.
In September 2009, Megabus took delivery of four new Van Hool Astromega double-deck coaches, currently used between London and Scotland via Manchester 
In October 2011, Megabus started an overnight sleeper service with 24 seats and bunks, between London and Glasgow. In November 2011 it started running daily and has proved to be very popular. The coaches used are modified Volvo B10M articulated coaches with Jonckheere bodywork.
In early 2013, Megabus introduced new Plaxton Elite "i" coaches, built upon the Volvo B11RT chassis, into the fleet, running mainly on routes M9, M20 and the 900 (on behalf of Scottish Citylink).

</doc>
<doc id="21463645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463645" title="Paradigm (Image Comics)">
Paradigm (Image Comics)

Paradigm is a comic book series by Matthew Cashel and Jeremy Haun.
Publication history.
After its initial publication run with Two Irish Guys Press, it was licensed by Image Comics. Following issue #12 the series went on hiatus.
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="21463655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463655" title="Montague Glover">
Montague Glover

Montague Charles Glover (May 5, 1898 – 1983) was a British freelance architect and private photographer. He is most notable for his depiction of homosexual life in London during the early to mid-20th century through private photographs taken primarily for his own enjoyment. His photographs tend to document 'rough trade', the working class and members of the military.
Life.
Early years.
Born in Leamington Spa, he had four sisters, the youngest of whom was 10 years his senior. He joined the Army in the Artists Rifles Regiment in 1916 and was promoted to Second Lieutenant in the Territorial Force in 1917. He was awarded the Military Cross for Bravery in 1918.
Later life and death.
Glover is also notable for his depictions of his partnership with his lover, Ralph Hall, a rare documented example of a gay long-term relationship prior to the legalization of homosexuality in Britain in the 1960s. Ralph Edward Hall was born 5 December 1913 in Bermondsey in the East End of London. The two met around 1930 and Glover employed him as his manservant, perhaps to provide a social alibi for two men living together. The relationship lasted for more than 50 years, surviving the Second World War during which Hall was drafted to the Royal Air Force.
Much of their latter years were spent at Glover's country house, 'Little Windovers', in the village of Balsall Heath, near Coventry, where Glover's eldest sister, Ellen, lived with them until her death in 1954 aged 72. Glover himself died aged 85 in 1983, leaving Ralph Hall as his sole heir. Hall died four years later after suffering a gradual decline in health.
In his later years Glover was described by friends in Belsall Heath as "charming, if somewhat reserved", and Ralph as an "outgoing, cheerful Cockney" 
'Little Windovers' and Glover's possessions were put up for auction in 1988 by Hall's next of kin. One lot was a cardboard box that contained much of Glover's collection of negatives from photographs he had taken since serving in the trenches in the First World War, as well as journals, and letters and correspondence from his many lovers during the decades, including letters from Hall written during his air service in the Second World War. Much of the collection was published in a book in 1992 with text by James Gardiner, "A Class Apart - The Private Pictures of Montague Glover" (ISBN 1852427280), and is a great insight into the underworld of gay British society in the early 20th century.
Themes.
"Rough trade".
Glover's photographs tend to document 'rough trade', the working class male prostitutes of the period, making distinctive note of the divisions of social class as depicted by dress. Many of his photographs also depict members of the military.

</doc>
<doc id="21463666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463666" title="Jevgenij Shuklin">
Jevgenij Shuklin

Jevgenij Shuklin (born 23 November 1985) is a Lithuanian sprint canoer who has competed since 2003. World junior champion 2003 (Japan, Komatsu) He won three bronze medals in the C-1 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in 2006, 2007, and 2009. Three times European champion in Pontevedra 2007, in Trasona 2010, in Montemor-o-Velho 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21463669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463669" title="Reiner Maurer">
Reiner Maurer

Reiner Maurer (born 16 February 1960 in Mindelheim) is a German football coach and a former player.
Playing career.
He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga as a player for FC Bayern Munich, VfB Stuttgart and 1860 München.
Managerial career.
1860 München.
Maurer was head coach of the reserve team from July 2001 to April 2004. Maurer became interim head coach when Rudolf Bommer was sacked in December 2004. Maurer was sacked in January 2006.
Time in Greece.
Maurer went to Greece and became head coach of Crete in July 2006. Maurer left by mutual consent in November 2007. Then Maurer was head coach of Kavala from June 2008 to November of the same year and Rodos in 2010 before moving back to 1860 München.
Return to 1860 München and Greece.
Maurer was hired as 1860 München manager in June 2010 and was sacked in November 2012. Maurer returned to Greece when Skoda Xanthi hired him in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21463682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463682" title="Lippard">
Lippard

Lippard is an American surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21463690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463690" title="Peaches Geldof">
Peaches Geldof

Peaches Honeyblossom Geldof-Cohen (13 March 1989 – 7 April 2014) was an English journalist, television presenter and model. She was the second daughter of musician and Live Aid founder Bob Geldof, and the late television presenter Paula Yates (d. 2000). Raised in London, Geldof was educated at Queen's College after her parents' divorce in 1996, and later moved to New York City where she worked as a writer for the UK edition of "Elle Girl" magazine. She also worked in television, producing and developing her own TV programmes which aired in the United Kingdom in 2006. In the later portion of her life, Geldof worked primarily in modelling and television, and gave birth to sons in 2012 and 2013. 
Geldof died at her home on 7 April 2014. It was reported at the inquest that the use of heroin was "likely to have played a role in her death."
Life.
Childhood.
Geldof was born in London on 13 March 1989, the second daughter of famed singer and Live Aid founder Bob Geldof and Paula Yates and a granddaughter of Hughie Green. She had two sisters, Pixie Geldof, Fifi Trixibelle Geldof and one half-sister, Tiger Lily Hutchence.
She grew up in Chelsea, London, and Faversham, Kent, and was educated at Queen's College, London. After moving out of her father's house at the age of eighteen, she rented a flat in Islington, North London. She completed her A-Levels and was accepted at Queen Mary & Westfield College, University of London, where she planned to study English literature and journalism, but deferred it to move to New York with then-husband, Max Drummey.
Career.
Geldof wrote a magazine column for the UK edition of "Elle Girl", starting with its April 2004 issue and continuing until the magazine folded in October 2005. From ages 14 to 17, she wrote a weekly socio-political column for "The Daily Telegraph", and wrote numerous articles for "The Guardian".
She wrote and presented her own documentary TV programme, "Peaches Geldof: Teenage Mind" in 2005, which was followed up with "Peaches Geldof: Teen America", which aired on Sky One in the UK on 1 March 2006. In 2006, Geldof was placed at number seven in the "Tatler"'s list of Top Ten Fashion Icons for the year, the youngest person on the list. In 2007, readers of FHM voted her the 53rd sexiest woman in the world.
In September 2007, Geldof made her catwalk début modelling for PPQ at London Fashion Week. She was also announced as the face of the Australian fashion line "Dotti". Premiering on 19 October 2008 was "Peaches: Disappear Here", a MTV One reality show in which she founds a new youth-oriented magazine.
In 2009, Geldof was signed to a six-figure modelling deal to become the face of the Miss Ultimo collection. In 2010 she was dropped from the Ultimo (brand) after nude pictures and allegations of drug use were posted on the Internet and published in the media. Geldof denied the claims and said, "I am disappointed that Ultimo has decided not to extend my contract based on a wildly exaggerated account of a night in Los Angeles five months ago." Michelle Mone, the head of Ultimo underwear said that "as a brand that targets young women, we feel it is impossible for Peaches to continue."
In 2011, Geldof presented a six-part series on ITV2 called "OMG! with Peaches Geldof", a magazine-format chat and guest show with audience participation.
Personal life.
On 5 August 2008, Geldof married Max Drummey, an American musician from the band Chester French, at the Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas. On 7 February 2009, the couple announced that they had amicably decided to end their marriage. Over two years later, on 18 April 2011, Drummey filed for divorce in Los Angeles, citing irreconcilable differences.
In June 2011, Geldof became engaged to Thomas Cohen, lead singer of the South East London band S.C.U.M. They were married on 8 September 2012, at the same church in Davington where her parents married 26 years earlier, and also where her mother's funeral was held in 2000. Geldof had two sons with Cohen, born in April 2012 and April 2013 respectively. 
In 2009, when interviewed by Fearne Cotton for the documentary show "When Fearne Met Peaches Geldof" on ITV2, Geldof professed to being a Scientologist and in November that year she attended the 25th anniversary of the International Association of Scientologists at Saint Hill Manor in East Grinstead, West Sussex. She later became interested in her husband's Judaism, and in 2013 began to express interest in the Ordo Templi Orientis (OTO), describing it as "a belief system to apply to day-to-day life to attain peacefulness". She had the initials OTO tattooed on her left forearm. 
In 2000, when she was 11, her mother died of a heroin overdose at the age of 41. In a 2013 interview with " Elle" magazine, Geldof explained how difficult the process of coming to terms with her mother's death was:I remember the day my mother died, and it's still hard to talk about it. I just blocked it out. I went to school the next day because my father's mentality was 'keep calm and carry on'. So we all went to school and tried to act as if nothing had happened. But it had happened. I didn't grieve. I didn't cry at her funeral. I couldn't express anything because I was just numb to it all. I didn't start grieving for my mother properly until I was maybe 16.
Death.
On 7 April 2014, Geldof died, at the age of 25, at her home in Wrotham, Kent. The initial Kent Police statement read: "At this stage, the death is being treated as unexplained and sudden", but they later confirmed that drug paraphernalia had been found and seized at the house. Bob Geldof said in a statement: "We are beyond pain. She was the wildest, funniest, cleverest, wittiest and the most bonkers of all of us. We loved her and will cherish her forever." Her widower Thomas Cohen said in a statement: "My beloved wife Peaches was adored by myself and her two sons Astala and Phaedra and I shall bring them up with their mother in their hearts every day." 
On 9 April 2014, it was reported that Geldof's autopsy had been inconclusive and toxicology testing, which could take "several weeks", will be conducted to determine her cause of death. Her body was released to her family the next day.
Geldof's funeral took place on 21 April 2014 at St Mary Magdalene and St Lawrence Church in Davington, Kent. This is the same church where Geldof was married, where her parents were married, and where her mother's funeral service was held. The private service was attended by her father, husband, other family and friends, as well as Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, musicians Jools Holland, Bill Wyman, journalist and model Alexa Chung, and other members of the UK entertainment and fashion communities.
Inquest.
The inquest into Geldof's death opened at Kent Old Town Hall on 1 May 2014, when it was revealed that the toxicology report showed that she had heroin in her system and that it was "likely to have played a role" in her death. The inquest was adjourned until 23 July 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="21463702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463702" title="Aptean">
Aptean

Enterprise application software providers CDC Software and Consona with a total of 1,500 employees and 5,000 customers merged in August 2012 to form Aptean.
Aptean sells software for the financial, manufacturing and other vertical markets integrating Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Customer Experience Management (CEM), Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Supply Chain Management (SCM), and Knowledge Management (KM).
History.
Consona Corporation went public in 1997.
In 2003, the venture capital firm Battery Ventures acquired Made2Manage Systems for $30 million in cash.
On August 6, 2009 CDC Software Corporation completed its initial public offering (IPO) on the NASDAQ Global Market under the ticker "CDCS".
In July 2010, Consona acquired open source ERP software provider Compiere with 130 customers.
The CDC-Consona merger was billed as a merger of equals although most of the management team of the surviving company was connected with CDC. Aptean said it planned to maintain and continue to invest in and support all of its brand names.
The owner of Aptean, Vista Equity Partners, tends to take a hands-on approach to management and implements standardized business processes and standard systems and tools.
Aptean named Paul Ilse as its CEO. He was previously Chief Financial Officer of RedPrairie. 
Products.
Aptean product portfolio.
In 2011 Aptean predecessor company Consona issued a major update to its knowledge management program targeted largely at high tech company’s support groups and customer support organizations that need to capture user manuals, technical diagrams, marketing material and web content.
At the time of its formation, Aptean’s most prominent product offerings include Ross Enterprise for process management, CDC Factory for manufacturing intelligence, Pivotal CRM, Catalyst for warehouse management and Made2Manage for manufacturing ERP.
Aptean launched version 6.8.1 of its customer relationship management solution Saratoga in August 2013.
Aptean won Yaskawa America as a customer for its knowledge management platform.
Aptean launched a complaint management system for financial institutions that is meant to help banks address customer service issues and identify business opportunities using customer data.

</doc>
<doc id="21463728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463728" title="Private Eye">
Private Eye

Private Eye is a fortnightly British satirical and current affairs magazine, edited by Ian Hislop.
Since its first publication in 1961, "Private Eye" has been a prominent critic and lampooner of public figures and entities that it deems guilty of any of the sins of incompetence, inefficiency, corruption, pomposity or self-importance and it has established itself as a thorn in the side of the British establishment.
As of 2013, it is Britain's best-selling current affairs magazine, and such is its long-term popularity and impact that many recurring in-jokes from "Private Eye" have entered popular culture.
History.
The forerunner of "Private Eye" was a school magazine, "The Salopian", edited by Richard Ingrams, Willie Rushton, Christopher Booker and Paul Foot at Shrewsbury School in the mid-1950s. After National Service, Ingrams and Foot went as undergraduates to Oxford University, where they met their future collaborators Peter Usborne, Andrew Osmond, John Wells and Danae Brook, among others.
The magazine proper began when Peter Usborne learned of a new printing process, photo-litho offset, which meant that anybody with a typewriter and Letraset could produce a magazine. The publication was initially funded by Osmond and launched in 1961. It was named when Andrew Osmond looked for ideas in the well known recruiting poster of Lord Kitchener (an image of Kitchener pointing with the caption "Wants You") and, in particular, the pointing finger. After the name "Finger" was rejected, Osmond suggested "Private Eye", in the sense of someone who "fingers" a suspect. The magazine was initially edited by Christopher Booker and designed by Willie Rushton, who drew cartoons for it. Its subsequent editor Richard Ingrams, who was then pursuing a career as an actor, shared the editorship with Booker, from around issue 10, and took over at issue 40. At first "Private Eye" was a vehicle for juvenile jokes: an extension of the original school magazine, and an alternative to "Punch". However, according to Booker, it simply got "caught up in the rage for satire".
After the magazine's initial success, more funding was provided by Nicholas Luard and Peter Cook, who ran The Establishment – a satirical nightclub – and "Private Eye" became a fully professional publication.
Others essential to the development of the magazine were Auberon Waugh, Claud Cockburn (who had run a pre-war scandal sheet, "The Week"), Barry Fantoni, Gerald Scarfe, Tony Rushton, Patrick Marnham and Candida Betjeman. Christopher Logue was another long-time contributor, providing a column of "True Stories" featuring cuttings from the national press. The gossip columnist Nigel Dempster wrote extensively for the magazine before he fell out with the editor and other writers, and Paul Foot wrote on politics, local government and corruption.
Ingrams continued as editor until 1986, when he was succeeded by Ian Hislop. Ingrams is chairman of the holding company.
Nature of the magazine.
"Private Eye" often reports on the misdeeds of powerful and notable individuals and has received numerous libel writs. These include three issued by James Goldsmith and several by Robert Maxwell, one of which resulted in the award of costs and reported damages of £225,000, and attacks on the magazine through the publication of a book, "Malice in Wonderland", and a one-off magazine, "Not Private Eye", published by Maxwell. Its defenders point out that it often carries news that the mainstream press will not print for fear of legal reprisals or because the material is of minority interest.
Unearthing scandals and breaking news.
Some contributors to "Private Eye" are media figures or specialists in their field who write anonymously, often under humorous pseudonyms. Stories sometimes originate from writers for more mainstream publications who cannot get their stories published by their main employers.
A financial column, "In the City", written by Michael Gillard, has generated a wide city and business readership as a large number of financial scandals and unethical business practices and personalities were first exposed there.
Recurring in-jokes.
The magazine has a number of recurring in-jokes and convoluted references, often comprehensible only to those who have read the magazine for many years. They include references to controversies or legal ambiguities in a subtle euphemistic code, such as replacing "drunk" with "tired and emotional", or using the phrase "Ugandan discussions" to denote illicit sexual exploits; and more obvious parodies utilising easily recognisable stereotypes, such as the lampooning as "Sir Bufton Tufton" of Conservative MPs viewed to be particularly old-fashioned and bigoted. Such terms have sometimes fallen into disuse as their hidden meanings have become better known.
The first half of each issue of the magazine, which consists chiefly of reporting and investigative journalism, tends to include these in-jokes in a more subtle manner, so as to maintain journalistic integrity, while the second half, more geared around unrestrained parody and cutting humour, tends to present itself in a more confrontational way.
Layout and style.
"Private Eye" has lagged behind other magazines in adopting new typesetting and printing technologies. At the start it was laid out with scissors and paste and typed on three IBM Executive typewriters – italics, pica and elite – lending an amateurish look to the pages. For some years after layout tools became available the magazine retained this technique to maintain its look, although the three older typewriters were replaced with an IBM composer. Today the magazine is still predominantly in black and white (though the cover and some cartoons inside appear in colour) and there is more text and less white space than is typical for a modern magazine. The former "Colour Section" was printed in black and white like the rest of the magazine: only the content was colourful.
Special editions.
The magazine has published a series of independent special editions dedicated to news reporting of particular current events, such as government inadequacy over the 2001 foot and mouth outbreak, the conviction in January 2001 of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi for the 1988 Lockerbie bombing ("Lockerbie: the flight from justice", May/June 2001), and the MMR vaccine ("The MMR: A Special Report", subtitled: "The story so far: a comprehensive review of the MMR vaccination/autism controversy" 2002).
Another special issue was published in September 2004 to mark the death of long-time staff member Paul Foot.
Regular sections.
Regular columns.
The magazine also features periodic columns such as "Library News", "Libel News", "Charity News" and others, detailing recent happenings in those areas. These follow predictable formats: library news usually chronicles local councils' bids to close libraries; libel news usually highlights what it sees as unjust libel judgements; while charity news usually questions the financial propriety of particular charities. "Poetry Corner" is the periodic contribution of obituaries by the fictional junior poet "E. J. Thribb". "St Cake's School" is an imaginary public school, run by Mr R.J. Kipling (BA, Leicester), which posts a diary of highly unlikely and arcane-sounding termly activities.
Newspaper parodies.
The latter half of the magazine is taken up with parodies of newspapers, spoofing various publications' layout, writing styles and adverts. Where further content is implied, but omitted, this is said to continue "on page 94".
Mini-sections.
The magazine contains a variety of regular sections, consisting of small amusing examples of different aspects of everyday life, generally sent in by readers. They include "Commentatorballs" (gaffes by sports commentators with poor or accidentally inaccurate command of the English language), "Dumb Britain" (examples of ignorance observed on British quiz shows) and "Let's Parlez Franglais" (which mocks recent political events, mainly within Europe, by creating an imaginary transcript in Franglais, usually ending with a reference to 'Kilometres' Kington).
Prime Minister parodies.
A traditional fixture in "Private Eye" is a full-page parody of the Prime Minister of the day. The style is chosen to mock the perceived foibles and folly of each Prime Minister:
Not all of "Private Eye"'s parodies have been unsympathetic. During the 1980s, Ingrams and John Wells wrote fictional letters from Denis Thatcher to Bill Deedes in the "Dear Bill" column, mocking Margaret Thatcher's husband as an amiable, golf-playing drunk. The column was collected in a series of books and became a play in which Wells played the fictional Denis, a character who is now inextricably "blurred the real historical figure", according to Ingrams.
Cartoons.
"Private Eye" is home to many of Britain's most highly regarded humorous cartoonists. As well as many one-off cartoons, the magazine has featured a number of regular comic strips:
At various times, "Private Eye" has also used the work of Ralph Steadman, Wally Fawkes, Timothy Birdsall, Martin Honeysett, Willie Rushton, Gerald Scarfe, Robert Thompson, Ken Pyne, Geoff Thompson, "Jerodo", Ed McLauchlan, "Pearsall", Kevin Woodcock, Brian Bagnall and Kathryn Lamb.
Frequent targets for parody and satire.
While the magazine in general reports corruption, self-interest and incompetence in a broad range of industries and lines of work, in practice certain people and entities receive a particularly large amount of coverage in its pages. As the most visible public figures, Prime Ministers and senior politicians make the most natural targets, but "Private Eye" also aims its criticism at journalists, newspapers and particularly prominent or interesting businesspeople. It is the habit of the magazine to attach nicknames, usually offensive and often very crude, to these people, and often to create surreal and extensive alternate personifications of them, which usually take the form of parody newspaper articles in the second half of the magazine.
Other media and merchandise.
"Private Eye" has from time to time produced various spin-offs from the magazine:
Criticism and controversy.
Public offence.
Some have found the magazine's irreverence and occasionally controversial humour offensive. Upon the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, "Private Eye" printed a cover headed "MEDIA TO BLAME". Under this headline was a picture of many hundreds of people outside Buckingham Palace, with one person commenting that the papers were "a disgrace", another agreeing, saying that it was impossible to get one anywhere, and another saying, "Borrow mine. It's got a picture of the car."
Following the abrupt change in reporting from newspapers immediately following her death, the issue also featured a mock retraction from "all newspapers" of everything negative that they had ever said about Diana. This was enough to cause a flood of complaints and the temporary removal of the magazine from the shelves of several newsagents. These included W H Smith, which had previously refused to stock "Private Eye" until well into the 1970s, and was characterised in the magazine as "WH Smugg" or "WH Smut" on account of its policy of stocking pornographic magazines. The Diana issue is now one of the most highly sought-after back issues.
Similar complaints were received about the issues that followed the Ladbroke Grove rail crash, the September 11, 2001 attacks (the magazine even including a special "subscription cancellation coupon" for disgruntled readers to send in) and the Soham murders. Following the 7 July 2005 London bombings the magazine's cover featured Tony Blair saying to Ken Livingstone, "We must track down the evil mastermind behind the bombers...", to which Livingstone replies "...and invite him around for tea", in reference to his controversial invitation of Yusuf al-Qaradawi to London.
Bigotry.
The cover of issue 256 from 1971 showed Emperor Hirohito visiting Britain with the caption "A nasty nip in the air" (subhead: "Piss off, Bandy Knees"). In the 1960s and 1970s the magazine mocked the gay rights movement as "Poove Power".
Blasphemy.
The 2004 Christmas issue received a number of complaints after it featured Pieter Bruegel's painting of a nativity scene, in which one wise man said to another: "Apparently, it's David Blunkett's" (who at the time was involved in a scandal in which he was thought to have impregnated a married woman). Many readers sent letters accusing the magazine of blasphemy and anti-Christian attitudes. One stated that the "witless, gutless buggers wouldn't dare mock Islam", an observation later apparently vindicated when the magazine declined to publish the Danish Mohammed cartoons for fear of firebombs (although it does regularly publish Islam-related humour). Many letters in the first issue of 2005 disagreed with the former readers' complaints, and some were parodies of those letters, 'complaining' about the following issue's cover – a cartoon depicting Santa's sleigh shredded by a wind farm: one said, "To use a picture of Our Lord Father Christmas and his Holy Reindeer being torn limb from limb while flying over a windfarm is inappropriate and blasphemous."
MMR.
During the early 2000s "Private Eye" published many stories on the MMR vaccine controversy, substantially supporting the interpretation by Andrew Wakefield of published research in "The Lancet" by the Royal Free Hospital's Inflammatory Bowel Disease Study Group, which described an apparent link between the vaccine, autism and bowel problems. Many of these stories accused medical researchers who supported the vaccine's safety of having conflicts of interest because of funding from the pharmaceutical industry. Initially dismissive of Wakefield, the magazine rapidly moved to support him, in 2002 publishing a 32-page "MMR Special Report", assembled by Heather Mills, that supported Wakefield's assertion that MMR vaccines "should be given individually at not less than one year intervals." The "British Medical Journal" issued a contemporary press release that concluded: "The "Eye" report is dangerous in that it is likely to be read by people who are concerned about the safety of the vaccine. A doubting parent who reads this might be convinced there is a genuine problem and the absence of any proper references will prevent them from checking the many misleading statements." Subsequently, editor Ian Hislop told the author and columnist Ben Goldacre that "Private Eye" is "not anti-MMR". In a review article published in February 2010, after Wakefield was disciplined by the General Medical Council, regular columnist Phil Hammond, who contributes under the pseudonym "M.D.", stated that ""Private Eye" got it wrong in its coverage of MMR", in maintaining its support for Wakefield's position long after shortcomings in his work had emerged.
Litigation.
The magazine has long been known for attracting libel lawsuits, which in English law can lead to the award of damages relatively easily. For safety, the magazine maintains a large quantity of money as a "fighting fund" (although the magazine frequently finds other ways to defuse legal tensions, for example by printing letters from aggrieved parties). As editor, Ian Hislop has become the most sued man in Britain. From 1969 to the mid-1980s, the magazine was represented by human rights lawyer Geoffrey Bindman.
The first person to successfully sue the magazine was writer Colin Watson who objected to their description of him as "the little-known author who. . . was writing a novel, very Wodehouse but without the jokes". He was awarded £750.
For the tenth anniversary issue, the cover showed a cartoon headstone inscribed with a long list of well-known names, and the epitaph "They did not sue in vain".
An unlikely piece of British legal history occurred in what is now referred to as the "case" of "Arkell v. Pressdram" (1971). The plaintiff was the subject of an article relating to illicit payments, and the magazine had ample evidence to back up the article. Arkell's lawyers wrote a letter which concluded: "His attitude to damages will be governed by the nature of your reply." The magazine's response was, in full: "We acknowledge your letter of 29th April referring to Mr J. Arkell. We note that Mr Arkell's attitude to damages will be governed by the nature of our reply and would therefore be grateful if you would inform us what his attitude to damages would be, were he to learn that the nature of our reply is as follows: fuck off." In the years following, the magazine would refer to this exchange as a euphemism for a blunt and coarse dismissal: for example, "We refer you to the reply given in the case of "Arkell v. Pressdram"". As with "tired and emotional" this usage has spread beyond the magazine.
Possibly the most best known litigation case against the magazine was initiated by James Goldsmith (known within "Private Eye"'s pages as '(Sir) Jammy Fishpaste'), who managed to arrange for criminal libel charges to be brought (effectively meaning that, if found guilty, those behind the "Eye" could be imprisoned). He sued over allegations that members of the Clermont Set, including Goldsmith, had conspired to shelter Lord Lucan after Lucan had murdered his family nanny, Sandra Rivett. Goldsmith won a partial victory and eventually reached a settlement with the magazine. The case threatened to bankrupt the magazine, which turned to its readers for financial support in the form of the Goldenballs Fund. Goldsmith himself was referred to as Jaws. The solicitor involved in many litigation cases against "Private Eye", including the Goldsmith case, was Peter Carter-Ruck (or "Carter-Fuck", as the "Eye" referred to him).
Robert Maxwell (known as Captain Bob) sued the magazine for the suggestion he looked like a criminal, and won a significant sum. The editor, Ian Hislop, summarised the case: "I've just given a fat cheque to a fat Czech" and later claimed this was the only known example of a joke being told on "News at Ten".
Sonia Sutcliffe also sued after allegations that she used her connection to her husband, the Yorkshire Ripper, Peter Sutcliffe, to make money. She won £600,000 which was later reduced to £60,000 on appeal. However, the initial award caused Hislop to quip outside the court: "If that's justice, then I'm a banana." Readers raised a considerable sum in the "bananaballs fund", and "Private Eye" scored a PR coup by donating the surplus to the families of Sutcliffe's victims.
A rare victory for the magazine came in late 2001, when a libel case brought against the magazine by a Cornish chartered accountant, Stuart Condliffe, finally came to trial after ten years. The case was thrown out after only a few weeks as Condliffe had effectively accused his own legal team (Carter-Ruck) of lying.
In 2009 "Private Eye" successfully challenged an injunction brought against it by Michael Napier, former head of the Law Society, who had sought to claim "confidentiality" for a report that he had been disciplined by the Law Society in relation to a conflict of interest. The ruling had wider significance in that it allowed other rulings by the Law Society to be publicised.
Paul Foot Award.
In 2005, "The Guardian" and "Private Eye" established the Paul Foot Award, with an annual £10,000 prize fund, for investigative/campaigning journalism.
Ownership.
The magazine is apparently owned by an eclectic group of people, officially published through the mechanism of a limited company called Pressdram Ltd, which was bought as an "off the shelf" company by Peter Cook in November 1961.
"Private Eye" does not publish explicit details of individuals concerned with its upkeep (and does not contain a list of its editors, writers and designers). In 1981 the book "The Private Eye Story" stated that the owners were Peter Cook (who owned most of the shareholding) with smaller shareholders including Dirk Bogarde, Jane Asher, and several of those involved with the founding of the magazine. Most of those on the list have since died, however, and it is unclear what happened to their shareholdings. Those concerned are reputedly contractually only able to sell their shareholdings at the price they originally paid for them.
Shareholders , including shareholders who have inherited shares, are:
The other directors are Sheila Molnar and Geoff Elwell, who is also the company secretary.
Logo.
The magazine's masthead features a cartoon logo of an armoured knight with a bent sword, parodying the "Crusader" logo of the "Daily Express.
The logo for the magazine's News section is a donkey-riding naked Mr Punch caressing his erect and oversized penis, while hugging a female admirer. It is a detail from a frieze by "Dickie" Doyle that once formed the masthead of "Punch" magazine, which the editors of "Private Eye" had come to loathe for its perceived descent into complacency. The image, hidden away in the detail of the frieze, had appeared on the cover of "Punch" for nearly a century and was noticed by Malcolm Muggeridge during a guest-editing spot on "Private Eye". The 'Rabelaisian gnome' (as the character was called) was enlarged by Gerald Scarfe, and put on the front cover of issue 69 at full size. He was then formally adopted as a mascot on the inside pages, as a symbol of the old, radical incarnation of "Punch" magazine that the "Eye" admired.
Rally.
On May Day 1965, the magazine held a "Mass for Vass" rally in Central London for beleaguered former British Prime Minister Alec Douglas-Home, a reference to his nickname "Baillie Vass". Under police supervision, 300 marchers carried banners proclaiming "High-Speed Vass Gets Things Done", "The Baillie Will No Fail Ye", "Hands off the Rann of Kutch!" and "Who's a Cretin?" (a reference to a former nickname, "Sir Alec Douglas-Who?"). The march progressed from Parliament Square to Conservative Central Office, where, accompanied by a brass band, the participants sang rousing songs in mock support of Home to the occupants of the building. This incident went almost entirely unreported in the national media.

</doc>
<doc id="21463735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463735" title="Was zählt">
Was zählt

"Was zählt" ("What counts") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the first single and the third track from the album "Auswärtsspiel".
The song is an ode to love ("Wenn nur die Liebe zählt" - "When only love matters"), as it describes, how one can go through anything and suffer a lot for love, also give up any memories for it.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ralf Schmerberg. It shows the band performing the song in a room in a city building. Also the streets outside are shown, which are overflowing with police, as the video was shot a while after the September 11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="21463746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463746" title="William W. Joyner">
William W. Joyner

William W. Joyner (born c. 1831) was a Michigan politician.
Political life.
Joyner served as Flint Post Office's Postmaster. He was elected as the Mayor of the City of Flint in 1884 serving a 1-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="21463767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463767" title="Number One (Billie Godfrey album)">
Number One (Billie Godfrey album)

Number One is the first full-length studio album released by the British singer Billie Godfrey, in 2001. Godfrey sings entirely in Japanese despite not being a native Japanese speaker - something no other western artist has so far achieved. It was released in Japan but also sold in the UK and US as an import. The concept for the album was conceived and produced by Mark Summers for his music label Scorccio Records (now known as Scorccio Sample Replays). His vision was to produce Pop and R&B songs for the Japanese market, to be sung in Japanese - but sung by a native English vocalist. The English written songs were all translated into Japanese by musician Emiko Kawakami, following this Summers and Godfrey booked 5 days at a West London studio to record all the vocals for the album. Within the first hour of recording, it soon became apparent how difficult it was for anyone non-Japanese to read the translated text and sing it fluently. Mark Summers then quickly devised a phonetic technique for Billie Godfrey - to be able to sing as if she was fluent in Japanese, which most listeners in Japan believed she truly was.

</doc>
<doc id="21463774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463774" title="Moribabougou">
Moribabougou


</doc>
<doc id="21463792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463792" title="Kyoki Roberts">
Kyoki Roberts

Rev. Kyōki Roberts (OPW) is an American Sōtō Zen priest and the current head priest of the Zen Center of Pittsburgh at the Deep Spring Temple in Bell Acres, Pennsylvania. A Dharma heir and senior ordained student of Nonin Chowaney-roshi, Roberts received Dharma transmission in June 2001 and is a founding member of an organization of Sōtō priests known as the Order of the Prairie Wind (OPW). Having studied Zen in Japan at the Zuiō-ji (瑞応寺) and Shōgo-ji (聖護寺) monasteries and in the United States at Minnesota Zen Center, San Francisco Zen Center, and Green Gulch Farm, Roberts is certified by the Sōtō School of Japan and has served on the Board of the Soto Zen Buddhist Association as Vice President, and the Community Advisory Board of WQED Pittsburgh.
Roberts blended her practice of Zen Buddhism with art during the 2003 exhibition "Gestures: An Exhibition of Small Site-Specific Works" at The Mattress Factory Museum in Pittsburgh. Her installation exhibit, "No where to go; nothing to do: Just Sitting", invited visitors to experience aspects of Zazen (seated meditation)."[http://www.mattress.org/index.cfm?event=ShowArtist&eid=34&id=154&c=Past]
In March 2006, Roberts served as a member of the "Plenary Panel of Venerable Women: Women Living the Dharma in the 21st Century" during the first Buddhist Women's Conference held at DePaul University and sponsored by the Buddhist Council of the Midwest. During the conference, she blended her Zen training and her 10 years of experience as a mediator for the State of Nebraska to present a workshop on "Difficult Conversations as Practice"."[http://www.dharmawomen.org/BWC_web01.pdf]
In October 2007, Roberts oversaw the planning and conducting of the inaugural Soto Zen Buddhist Association Training Ango at Jikoji where nine novice priests trained in the ceremonial forms, origins, teachings and practices of Sōtō Zen."[http://www.jikoji.org/newsletters/newsletter_dec_07_insert.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="21463799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463799" title="St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church (Stone City, Iowa)">
St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church (Stone City, Iowa)

The cornerstone of St. Joseph’s Roman Catholic Church, Stone City, Iowa was laid in 1913. The first mass was held in 1914. The church was designed by Dubuque, Iowa architect Guido Beck. The stained glass windows of the church were imported from Germany. The limestone used for the building was donated by city quarries. The labor to construct the church was also donated by local quarry businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="21463801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463801" title="N'Gouraba">
N'Gouraba


</doc>
<doc id="21463815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463815" title="Dan Dumoulin">
Dan Dumoulin

Daniel Lynn Dumoulin is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons, and , for the Cincinnati Reds. He appeared in a total of eight games, all as a relief pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="21463816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463816" title="N'Tjiba">
N'Tjiba


</doc>
<doc id="21463818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463818" title="2006 Icelandic Cup">
2006 Icelandic Cup

The Visa-Bikar 2006 was the forty-seventh season of the Icelandic national football cup. It started on May 11, 2006 and concluded with the Final held on September 30, 2006. The winners qualified for the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup 2007–08.
First round.
The First Round consisted of 34 teams from lower Icelandic divisions. The matches were played on 11, 12 and 13 May 2006.
Second round.
The Second Round matches were played on 18, 19 and 20 May 2006.
Third round.
Third round matches were played on 30, 31 May and 1 June 2006.
Fourth round.
The matches were played on 14, 15 and 16 June 2006.
Fifth round.
The matches were played on 2, 3 and 6 July 2006.
Quarterfinals.
The matches were played on 23 and 24 July 2006.
Semifinals.
The matches were played on 28 and 29 August and September 1, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21463819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463819" title="Sicilian regional election, 1963">
Sicilian regional election, 1963

The Sicilian regional election of 1963 took place on 9 June 1963.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. After the election Giuseppe D'Angelo, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a new government that included the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Liberal Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party. In 1966 the Liberals left the government and Francesco Coniglio replaced D'Angelo as President of the Region.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21463828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463828" title="This Ending">
This Ending

This Ending is a Swedish death metal band.
Biography.
This Ending was formed in 1991 as A Canorous Quintet by Fredrik Andersson, Mårten Hansen and Linus Nirbrant. After some changes, the line-up was complete with the addition of Leo Pignon and Jesper Löfgren. The band released an EP, "As Tears", in 1994, and two full length albums: "Silence of the World Beyond" in 1996 and "The Only Pure Hate" in 1998. They performed numerous shows with acts like At the Gates, Dissection, Hypocrisy and Edge of Sanity. In 1998, the members decided to separate. Hansen went on to join October Tide, while Nirbrant, Löfgren, and Andersson formed a group called Guidance of Sin; however, Andersson left in 1999 to join Amon Amarth.
In 2004, Andersson recorded a 5 song demo under the name Curriculum Mortis. That winter, the members played with the idea of regrouping for something new, and in early 2005, they decided it was time for a new era, officially creating This Ending. During the spring and summer 13 songs were created, three of which were chosen for the downloadable demo, "Let the World Burn", recorded later the same year. The band landed a deal on Metal Blade Records, and recorded their first full-length album, "Inside the Machine", in September 2006.
In January 2009, the band announced the completion their second studio album, "Dead Harvest". The music video for the song "Parasite" was premiered on the band's Myspace on January 17. The album was released on January 30 in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Italy, February 2 in the rest of Europe, and February 3 in North America.
This Ending left Metal Blade Records in January 2011 and are planning to re-record the material they did as A Canorous Quintet in order to celebrate the 20th anniversary of having started under that name.

</doc>
<doc id="21463845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463845" title="Simpson Peak (Canada)">
Simpson Peak (Canada)

Simpson Peak 2170 m (7119 ft) is the northernmost officially-named summit in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains system in northernmost British Columbia, Canada. It stands on the north side of the lower reaches of the Jennings River, just east of the south end of Teslin Lake, and is to the south of Swan Lake, which is an expansion of the Swift River. The mountain is named for Scott Simpson, an early explorer in the area. The next-highest summit in the unnamed subrange of the Cassiars to the north of the Jennings River is Toozaza Peak (its name is unofficial and based on that of Toozaza Creek).

</doc>
<doc id="21463858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463858" title="Gwendolyn Osborne">
Gwendolyn Osborne

Gwendolyn Osborne (born 1978) is a model, recording artist and actor who currently appears on "The Price Is Right" as a model. 
She was born in Bath, United Kingdom to a Jamaican mother and British father.
Osborne is married to retired NBA player (and current TNT basketball analyst) Kenny Smith. The couple wed on 2 September 2006, and have a son, Molloy (named after Kenny's High School), born on 26 March 2008. Molloy Smith joined his mother on stage during one prize on the 4 February 2010 episode of the show. Husband Kenny Smith and son Molloy appeared on the Mother's Day episode of The Price is Right on 11 May 2012 to announce she is expecting a second child.

</doc>
<doc id="21463860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463860" title="Ouélessébougou">
Ouélessébougou


</doc>
<doc id="21463868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463868" title="Wynyard (provincial electoral district)">
Wynyard (provincial electoral district)

Wynyard is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. The district was created before the 3rd Saskatchewan general election in 1912 as "Quill Plains". Renamed "Wynyard" in 1917, the constituency was abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the Arm River-Watrous and Kelvington-Wadena constituencies.
Election results.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|2,221
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,845
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,722
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|4,398
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|4,160
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|5,210
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="21463899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463899" title="Lucas Till">
Lucas Till

Lucas Daniel Till (born August 10, 1990) is an American actor. He began acting in the early 1994s starting at a young age, and has since appeared in a number of films and television parts, including roles on "House", ', ' and "". Lucas also starred in the music video for Taylor Swift's song, "You Belong with Me".
Early life.
Till was born in Fort Hood, Texas, United States, the son of Dana (née Brady) and John Till, a lieutenant colonel in the army. He has one younger brother, Nick (b. 1997). Till spent most of his childhood living in Marietta, Georgia. He attended Kell High School. After filming for "The Hannah Montana Movie" in Savannah, Till went back home to graduate with the Kell High School class of 2008. After graduation, he moved to Los Angeles, California to pursue his acting career.
Career.
Early in his life, Till’s parents became aware of his ability to imitate voices and characters. Joy Pervis discovered Till while he was attending a local acting class that his mother had enrolled him in. He is now represented by Los Angeles' Osbrink Talent Agency. When he was 10, he started doing commercials as well as appearing in print. At the age of 12, he was cast in "The Adventures of Ociee Nash" in which he played Harry Vanderbilt, the bully of the main character. In 2004 Till played the part of Jay in the feature film "Lightning Bug" which filmed in Fairview, Alabama. His first major movie role was Jack Cash, the older brother of Johnny Cash who died in a sawmill accident, in the biographical movie, "Walk the Line". After "Walk the Line", Till was featured in a number of independent movies and films for Lifetime Television. In 2008, Till auditioned for "" starring Miley Cyrus and he landed the role of Travis Brody. In an interview, Till said that prior to filming he had actually never ridden a horse before. Till further stated that he does not have any current plans for another Disney movie. He worked alongside action film actor Jackie Chan in the movie, "The Spy Next Door", in which Till plays the role of a Russian spy. He also starred in Taylor Swift's music video "You Belong with Me". He was in an episode of "House", and on Leo Little's Big Show along with Emily Osment.
On July 8, 2010, it became public that he had been cast in the role of Havok in the X-Men spin-off, ', directed by Matthew Vaughn. In 2013, he starred in the independent movie "All Superheroes Must Die", and in 2014, he returned as Havok in the sequel '. Till is set to star in the Live-Action/Animation hybrid film "Monster Trucks", which is being directed Blue Sky Studios founder Chris Wedge.

</doc>
<doc id="21463916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463916" title="U1 (Nuremberg U-Bahn)">
U1 (Nuremberg U-Bahn)

The U1 is an underground line in Nuremberg. The line was opened on 1 March 1972. The stretch is about 18,5 km long. The Number of stations is 27. The start-and endstations are Messe and Eberhardshof, for the Boot-Line U11 Eberhardshof and Messe.

</doc>
<doc id="21463922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463922" title="Safo, Mali">
Safo, Mali


</doc>
<doc id="21463940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463940" title="Diago">
Diago


</doc>
<doc id="21463941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463941" title="Albuquerque mayoral election, 2009">
Albuquerque mayoral election, 2009

The Albuquerque mayoral election of 2009 occurred on October 6, 2009.
In July 2009, incumbent Mayor Martin Chavez announced that he would seek a fourth term.
Former State Senator Richard Romero (D) also ran.
Richard J. Berry won the election with 36,466 votes and 43.82%. Chavez captured 29,140 votes or 35.02% of the vote and Romero received 17,458 votes for 20.98% of the vote. Write-in candidates won 149 votes or .18% of the total. Although Berry received less than 50 percent of the vote, Albuquerque election law requires a runoff only if no candidate receives at least 40 percent of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="21463943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463943" title="Brian Dee">
Brian Dee

Brian Dee (born 21 March 1936, London) is a UK-based jazz pianist.
Since leading his own trio featuring Allan Ganley and Lennie Bush in 1957, appearing at the opening of Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in 1959, and co-leading The Jazz Five with saxophonists Vic Ash and Harry Klein, Dee has led his own trios and quartets, often backing singers. He has recorded with Bing Crosby, Johnny Mercer, Peggy Lee and Fred Astaire and Elaine Delmar.
As a session musician, he appeared on the early Elton John's albums "Elton John" (1970), "Tumbleweed Connection" (1970) and "Madman Across the Water" (1971).
Other musicians he has played and recorded with include Peter King, Jim Mullen, Dick Morrissey, Trummy Young, Clark Tracey, Allan Ganley, Alan Barnes, Len Skeat, Bobby Orr, Charly Antolini, and Alec Dankworth.

</doc>
<doc id="21463953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463953" title="Nioumamakana">
Nioumamakana


</doc>
<doc id="21463967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463967" title="Sicilian regional election, 1967">
Sicilian regional election, 1967

The Sicilian regional election of 1967 took place on 11 June 1967.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. During the legislature the Christian Democrats governed the Region in coalition with some centre-left parties: the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21463971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463971" title="Ousden">
Ousden

Ousden is a village and civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around six miles west of Bury St Edmunds and 72 miles north of London, as of 2011 its population is at 266. The village has an Anglican church of St Peter's and a chapel in the cemetery dedicated to St Barnabas.
In the 1870s, Ousden was described as:
History.
Ousden dates back to the Anglo-Saxon era. The name is derived from old English and literally translates to 'owl valley'. In the Domesday Book Ousden is referred to as 'Uuesdana' and shows that in 1066 it consisted of 27 households, considered to be a 'quite large' village, and part of the Hundred of Risbridge. There was a population of fifteen villagers, nine smallholders and two slaves. There was six acres of land and four cobs, 15 cattle, 22 pigs and 158 sheep. The Lord of Ousden in 1066 was Leofric, but by 1086 the Lord and tenant-in-chief was Eustace, Count of Boulogne.
The parish church, St Peter's, also dates from around this time. It is a place of interest due to it being a Norman tripartite, with the nave, central tower and chancel remaining intact. Throughout the 20th century the building has been added to according to architectural trends of the time and the needs of the parish. For example, in the 18th century a new chancel was erected along with a new brick chapel. In 1912, a burial ground was created for the Ousden residents extending for a mile next to the church. Within this a red brick chapel was built as a daughter church and is dedicated to St Barnabas.
The village also had a manor, lived in by the Moseley family from 1567 until it was sold in 1800. The manor was bought in 1835 by the Ireland family and lived in until 1885, when it was acquired by the Mackworth-Praed family. The family remained in the Manor until 1955 when it was demolished.
In 1851, Ousden was part of the Diocese of Ely, a large Diocese covering West Suffolk, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire. Today, Ousden is part of the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich, a smaller diocese covering much of West Suffolk.
Ousden's first census was in 1801 where the population was recorded as 274. A population time-series graph shows that Ousden's population peaked in 1851 and has since been declining. The parish itself has not changed in area, but it has changed districts in which the census would have taken place. In 1888, it was a part of the Newmarket Union, but by 1922 it was part of the Moulton District, and then changed again in 1831 to the Clare District. These changes in district may account for slight dips in the population due to more rural houses affecting the population count as districts change.
The occupational history of Ousden lies in the agricultural industry. In 1831, 58% of the male population were agricultural labourers, and the percentage of males working in agriculture was 66%. By the end of the 19th century the percentage of men working in agriculture was still 64%. Most of the female population in the village had no occupation; the majority of those that did were in domestic services or offices. 

</doc>
<doc id="21463973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463973" title="Roberto Gargini">
Roberto Gargini

Club career.
Gargini played for Ferro Carril Oeste and Chaco For Ever in the Primera División de Argentina. He had also had a spell with Giannina in the Greek Super League during the 1990-91 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21463981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463981" title="Kiirunavaara">
Kiirunavaara

Kiirunavaara (Northern Sami: "Gironvárri" or "Kierunavaara") is a mountain in Kiruna, Sweden that contains one of the largest and richest bodies of iron ore in the world. The presence of iron in the area was known already in the mid-17th century, but at this early time communication lines to this northerly region were quite insufficient to permit any major exploitation. Only with the construction of a railway, the Iron Ore Line and the ports of Narvik and Luleå at the end of the 19th century did commercial mining become a realistic proposition. The Swedish mining company LKAB ("Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara Aktiebolag") has been mining the mountain since the beginning of the 20th century. 
The mining area around Kiruna and Malmberget and the iron port and steelworks at Luleå made Norrbotten County one of the first, and most prominent, regions of heavy industry in Sweden, and the wider region has remained at the forefront of mining and steel smelting and alloying technology.

</doc>
<doc id="21463982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463982" title="Luossavaara">
Luossavaara

Luossavaara (Northern Sami: "Luossavárri") is a mountain in Kiruna, Sweden. It is the site of a now-inactive iron ore mine formerly operated by the Swedish mining company LKAB. Today it has a ski lift and slope, as well as a hiking path called "Midnattsolstigen" (the Midnight Sun Trail).

</doc>
<doc id="21463988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21463988" title="Union for the Mediterranean">
Union for the Mediterranean

The Union for the Mediterranean (UfM) is a multilateral partnership of 43 countries from Europe and the Mediterranean Basin: the 28 member states of the European Union and 15 Mediterranean partner countries from North Africa, the Middle East and Southeast Europe. It was created in July 2008 as a relaunched Euro-Mediterranean Partnership (the Barcelona Process), when a plan to create an autonomous Mediterranean Union was dropped. The Union has the aim of promoting stability and prosperity throughout the Mediterranean region.
The Union for the Mediterranean introduced new institutions into the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership with the aim of increasing its visibility such as the creation of a Secretariat.
The Union for the Mediterranean is the southern regional cooperation branch, which works in parallel to the European Neighbourhood Policy. Its eastern counterpart is the Eastern Partnership.
Membership.
The members of the Union of the Mediterranean are the following:
History.
Antecedents: Barcelona Process.
The Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, also known as the Barcelona Process, was created in 1995 as a result of the Conference of Euro-Mediterranean Ministers of Foreign Affairs held in Barcelona under the Spanish presidency of the EU. It culminates a series of attempts by European countries to articulate their relations with their North African and Middle Eastern neighbours: the global Mediterranean policy (1972–1992) and the renovated Mediterranean policy (1992–1995).
Javier Solana opened the conference saying that they were brought together to straighten out the "clash of civilizations" and misunderstandings that there had been between them, and that it "was auspicious" that they had convened on the 900th anniversary of the First Crusade. He described the conference as a process to foster cultural and economic unity in the Mediterranean region. The Barcelona Treaty was drawn up by the 27 countries in attendance, and Solana, who represented Spain as their foreign minister during their turn at the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, was credited with the diplomatic accomplishment.
According to the 1995 Barcelona Declaration, the aim of the initiative was: "turning the Mediterranean basin into an area of dialogue, exchange and cooperation guaranteeing peace, stability and prosperity." The Declaration established the three main objectives of the Partnership:
The European Union stated the intention of the partnership was "to strengthen its relations with the countries in the Mashriq and Maghreb regions". Both Ehud Barak and Yasser Arafat had high praises for Solana's coordination of the Barcelona Process. The Barcelona Process, developed after the Conference in successive annual meetings, is a set of goals designed to lead to a free trade area in the Middle East by 2010.
The agenda of the Barcelona Process is:
The Barcelona Process comprises three "baskets":
The Euro-Mediterranean free trade area (EU-MEFTA) is based on the Barcelona Process and European Neighbourhood Policy. The Agadir Agreement of 2004 is seen as its first building block.
At the time of its creation, the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership comprised 27 member countries: 15 from the European Union and 12 Mediterranean countries (Algeria, Cyprus, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Malta, Morocco, the Palestinian Authority, Syria, Tunisia, and Turkey). As a result of the European Union's enlargements of 2004 and 2007 the number of EU member states grew up to 27, and two of the Mediterranean partner countries — Cyprus and Malta — became part of the European Union. The EU enlargement changed the configuration of the Barcelona Process from "15+12" to "27+10." Albania and Mauritania joined the Barcelona Process in 2007, raising the number of participants to 39.
Euromediterranean Summit 2005.
The 10th anniversary Euromediterranean summit was held in Barcelona on 27–28 November 2005. Full members of the Barcelona Process were:
Moreover, the Barcelona Process included 6 countries and institutions participating as permanent observers (Libya, Mauritania, the Secretary-General of the Arab League) and invited observers, such as the European Investment Bank, the Arab Maghreb Union, the Anna Lindh Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures, the Economical and Social Committee or the Euromed Economical and Social Councils.
According to the ISN, "Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan were the only leaders from the Mediterranean countries to attend, while those of Israel, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, and Egypt were not present."[http://www.isn.ethz.ch/news/sw/details.cfm?id=13667]
Agenda.
From the official web site, "The new realities and challenges of the 21st century make it necessary to update the Barcelona Declaration and create a new Action Plan (based on the good results of the Valencia Action Plan), encompassing four fundamental areas":
Bilateral relations.
The European Union carries out a number of activities bilaterally with each country. The most important are the Euro-Mediterranean Association Agreements that the Union negotiates with the Mediterranean Partners individually. They reflect the general principles governing the new Euro-Mediterranean relationship, although they each contain characteristics specific to the relations between the EU and each Mediterranean Partner.
Regional aspects.
Regional dialogue represents one of the most innovative aspects of the Partnership, covering at the same time the political, economic and cultural fields (regional co-operation). Regional co-operation has a considerable strategic impact as it deals with problems that are common to many Mediterranean Partners while it emphasises the national complementarities.
The multilateral dimension supports and complements the bilateral actions and dialogue taking place under the Association Agreements.
Since 2004 the Mediterranean Partners are also included in the European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) and since 2007 are funded via the ENPI.
The Euromed Heritage program.
As a result of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership, the Euromed Heritage program was formed. This program has been active since 1998, and has been involved in programs to identify the cultural heritages of Mediterranean states, promote their preservation, and educate the peoples of partner countries about their cultural heritages.
Response.
By some analysts, the process has been declared ineffective. The stalling of the Middle East Peace Process is having an impact on the Barcelona Process and is hindering progress especially in the first basket. The economic basket can be considered a success, and there have been more projects for the exchange on a cultural level and between the peoples in the riparian states. Other criticism is mainly based on the predominant role the European Union is playing. Normally it is the EU that is assessing the state of affairs, which leads to the impression that the North is dictating the South what to do. The question of an enhanced co-ownership of the process has repeatedly been brought up over the last years.
Being a long-term process and much more complex than any other similar project, it may be many years before a final judgement can be made.
Bishara Khader argues that this ambitious European project towards its Mediterranean neighbours has to be understood in a context of optimism. On the one hand, the European Community was undergoing important changes due to the reunification of Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the beginning of the adhesion negotiations of Eastern and Central European countries. On the other, the Arab-Israeli conflict appeared to be getting closer to achieving peace after the Madrid Conference (1991) and the Oslo Accords (1992). As well, Khader states that the Gulf War of 1991, the Algerian crisis (from 1992 onwards) and the rise of Islamic fundamentalism throughout the Arab world are also important factors in Europe's new relations with the Mediterranean countries based on security concerns.
Critiques against the Barcelona Process escalated after the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the Euro-Mediterranean Summit in Barcelona in 2005, which was broadly considered a failure. First, the absence of Heads of State and Government from the Southern Mediterranean countries (with the exception of the Palestinian and Turkish ones) heavily contrasted with the attendance of the 27 European Union's Heads of State and Government. Second, the lack of consensus to define the term "terrorism" prevented the endorsement of a final declaration. The Palestinian Authority, Syria and Algeria argued that resistance movements against foreign occupation should not be included in this definition. Nevertheless, a code of conduct on countering terrorism and a five-year work program were approved at Barcelona summit of 2005. both of which are still valid under the Union for the Mediterranean.
For many, the political context surrounding the 2005 summit — the stagnation of the Middle East Peace Process, the US-led war on Iraq, the lack of democratisation in Arab countries, and the war on terror's negative effects on freedoms and human rights, among others — proved for many the inefficiency of the Barcelona Process for fulfilling its objectives of peace, stability and prosperity. Given these circumstances, even politicians that had been engaged with the Barcelona Process since its very beginnings, like the Spanish politician Josep Borrell, expressed their disappointment about the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership and its incapacity to deliver results. Critiques from Southern Mediterranean countries blamed the Partnership's failure on Europe's lack of interest towards the Mediterranean in favour of its Eastern neighbourhood; whereas experts from the North accused Southern countries of only being interested on "their own bi-lateral relationship with the EU" while downplaying multilateral policies.
However, many European Union diplomats have defended the validity of the Barcelona Process' framework by arguing that the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership was the only forum that gathered Israelis and Arabs on equal footing), and identifying as successes the Association Agreements, the Code of Conduct on Countering Terrorism and the establishment of the Anna Lindh Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures.
On 2006 the first proposals for improving the Partnership's efficiency, visibility and co-ownership arouse, such as establishing a co-presidency system and a permanent secretariat or nominating a "Mr./Ms. Med."
Mediterranean Union.
A proposal to establish a "Mediterranean Union", which would consist principally of Mediterranean states, was part of the election campaign of Nicolas Sarkozy during the French presidential election campaign in 2007. During the campaign Mr. Sarkozy said that the Mediterranean Union would be modelled on the European Union with a shared judicial area and common institutions. Sarkozy saw Turkish membership of the Mediterranean Union as an alternative to membership of the European Union, which he opposes, and as a forum for dialogue between Israel and its Arab Neighbours.
Once elected, President Sarkozy invited all heads of state and government of the Mediterranean region to a meeting in June 2008 in Paris, with a view to laying the basis of a Mediterranean Union.
The Mediterranean Union was enthusiastically supported by Egypt and Israel. Turkey strongly opposed the idea and originally refused to attend the Paris conference until it was assured that membership of the Mediterranean Union was not being proposed as an alternative to membership of the EU.
Among EU member states, the proposal was supported by Italy, Spain, and Greece.
However the European Commission and Germany were more cautious about the project. The European Commission saying that while initiatives promoting regional co-operation were good, it would be better to build them upon existing structures, notable among them being the Barcelona process. German chancellor Angela Merkel said the MU risked splitting and threatening the core of the EU. In particular she objected to the potential use of EU funds to fund a project which was only to include a small number of EU member states. When Slovenia took the EU presidency at the beginning of 2008, the then Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Janša added to the criticism by saying: "We do not need a duplication of institutions, or institutions that would compete with EU, institutions that would cover part of the EU and part of the neighbourhood."
Other criticisms of the proposal included concern about the relationship between the proposed MU and the existing Euromediterranean Partnership (Barcelona Process), which might reduce the effectiveness of EU policies in the region and allow the southern countries to play on the rivalries to escape unpopular EU policies. There were similar economic concerns in the loss of civil society and similar human rights based policies. Duplication of policies from the EU's police and judicial area was a further worry.
Proposal scaled down.
At the start of 2008 Sarkozy began to modify his plans for the Mediterranean Union due to widespread opposition from other EU member states and the European Commission. At the end of February of that year, France's minister for European affairs, Jean-Pierre Jouyet, stated that "there is no Mediterranean Union" but rather a "Union for the Mediterranean" that would only be "completing and enriching" to existing EU structures and policy in the region. Following a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel it was agreed that the project would include all EU member states, not just those bordering the Mediterranean, and would be built upon the existing Barcelona process. Turkey also agreed to take part in the project following a guarantee from France that it was no longer intended as an alternative to EU membership.
The proposed creation of common institutions, and a Mediterranean Investment, which was to have been modelled on the European Investment Bank, was also dropped.
In consequence the new Union for the Mediterranean would consist of regular meeting of the entire EU with the non-member partner states, and would be backed by two co-presidents and a secretariat.
Union for the Mediterranean launched.
At the Paris Summit for the Mediterranean (13 July 2008), the 43 Heads of State and Government from the Euro-Mediterranean region decided to launch the Barcelona Process: Union for the Mediterranean. It was presented as a new phase Euro-Mediterranean Partnership with new members and an improved institutional architecture which aimed to "enhance multilateral relations, increase co-ownership of the process, set governance on the basis of equal footing and translate it into concrete projects, more visible to citizens. Now is the time to inject a new and continuing momentum into the Barcelona Process. More engagement and new catalysts are now needed to translate the objectives of the Barcelona Declaration into tangible results."
The Paris summit was considered a diplomatic success for Nicolas Sarzoky. The French president had managed to gather in Paris all the Heads of State and Government from the 43 Euro-Mediterranean countries, with the exception of the kings of Morocco and Jordan.
At the Euro-Mediterranean Conference of Foreign Affairs held in Marseilles in November 2008, the Ministers decided to shorten the initiative's name to simply the "Union for the Mediterranean".
Aims and concrete projects.
The fact that the Union for the Mediterranean is launched as a new phase of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership means that the Union accepts and commits to maintain the "acquis" of Barcelona, the purpose of which is to promote "peace, stability and prosperity" throughout the region (Barcelona, 2). Therefore, the four chapters of cooperation developed in the framework of the Barcelona Process during thirteen years remain valid:
The objective to establish a Free Trade Area in the Euro-Mediterranean region by 2010 (and beyond), first proposed at the 1995 Barcelona Conference, was also endorsed by the Paris Summit of 2008.
In addition to these four chapters of cooperation, the 43 Ministers of Foreign Affairs gathered in Marseilles on November 2008 identified six concrete projects that target specific needs of the Euro-Mediterranean regions and that will enhance the visibility of the Partnership:
Projects.
In 2013, three new projects were launched so far:
Institutions.
In contrast with the Barcelona Process, one of the biggest innovations of the Union for the Mediterranean is its institutional architecture. It was decided at the Paris Summit to provide the Union with a whole set of institutions in order to up-grade the political level of its relations, promote a further co-ownership of the initiative among the EU and Mediterranean partner countries and improve the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership's visibility.
Biennial Summits of Heads of State and Government.
A summit of Heads of State and Government are intended to be held every two years to foster political dialogue at the highest level. According to the Paris Declaration:
The first summit was held in Paris in July 2008. The second summit should have taken place in a non-EU country in July 2010 but the Euro-Mediterranean countries agreed to hold the summit in Barcelona on 7 June 2010, under the Spanish presidency of the EU, instead. However, on 20 May the Egyptian and French co-presidency along with Spain decided to postpone the summit. A move which they described as being intended to give more time to the indirect talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority that had started that month. In contrast the Spanish media blamed the postponement on the Arab threat to boycott the summit if Avigdor Lieberman, Israel's Minister of Foreign Affairs, attended the Foreign Affairs conference prior to the summit.
After the initial postponement, both France and Spain announced their intention to hold peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority as part of the postponed summit under the auspices of the US. In September U.S. President Barack Obama was invited to the summit for this purpose. The summit which was then scheduled to take place in Barcelona on 21 November 2010, was according to Nicolas Sarkozy, the summit was "an occasion to support the negotiations."
Nevertheless, at the beginning of November 2010 the peace talks stalled, and the Egyptian co-presidents conditioned the occurrence of the summit on a gesture from Israel that would allow the negotiations to resume. According to some experts Benjamin Netanyahu's announcement of the construction of 1,300 new settlements in East Jerusalem ended all the possibilities of celebrating the summit on 21 November. The two co-presidencies and Spain decided on 15 November to postpone the summit "sine die", alleging that the stagnation of the Middle East Peace Process would hinder a "satisfactory participation."
North and South Co-presidency system.
With the purpose of guaranteeing the co-ownership of the Union for the Mediterranean, the Heads of State and Government decided in Paris that two countries, one from the EU and one from the Mediterranean partner countries, will jointly preside the Union for the Mediterranean. The 27 agreed that the EU co-presidency had to "be compatible with the external representation of the European Union in accordance with the Treaty provisions in force." The Mediterranean partner countries decided to choose by consensus and among themselves a country to hold the co-presidency for a non-renewable period of two years."
At the time of the Paris summit, France — which was in charge of the EU presidency — and Egypt held the co-presidency. Since then, France had been signing agreements with the different rotator presidencies of the EU (the Czech Republic, Sweden and Spain) in order to maintain the co-presidency for alongside Egypt. The renewal of the co-presidency was supposed to happen on the second Union for the Mediterranean Summit. However, due to the two postponements of the summit, there has been no chance to decide which countries will take over the co-presidency. Spain had planned to replace France as the EU co-presidency of the Union for the Mediterranean. However, Belgium — the country presiding the EU for the second half of 2010 — opposed the Spanish aspirations.
In June 2012 the secretariat announced that the co-presidency of Egypt would be succeeded by Jordan. The change which is to take place in September 2012 was decided at a meeting of the high representatives in Barcelona on 28 June.
Secretariat.
The Secretariat of the Union for the Mediterranean was inaugurated on March 4, 2010 in an official ceremony in Barcelona.
The task of the permanent Secretariat is to identify and monitor the implementation of concrete projects for the Euro-Mediterranean region, and to search for partners to finance these projects.
The Euro-Mediterranean Ministers of Foreign Affairs decided at the Marseilles conference of November 2008 that the headquarters of the Secretariat would be in at the Royal Palace of Pedralbes in Barcelona. They also agreed on the structure of this new key institution and the countries of origin of its first members:
The Secretariat of the Union for the Mediterranean was inaugurated on March 2010 in an official ceremony in Barcelona.
Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly.
The Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly (EMPA) is not a new institution inside the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership framework. It was established in Naples on 3 December 2003 by the Euro-Mediterranean Ministers of Foreign Affairs and had its first plenary session in Athens on 22–23 March 2004. The EMPA gathers parliamentarians from the Euro-Mediterranean countries and has four permanent committees on the following issues:
The EMPA also has an "ad hoc" committee on Energy and Environment.
Since the launch of the Union for the Mediterranean, the EMPA's role has been strengthened for it is considered the "legitimate parliamentary expression of the Union".
Euro-Mediterranean Regional and Local Assembly.
At the Euro-Mediterranean Foreign Affairs Conference held in Marseilles on November 2008, the Ministers welcomed the EU Committee of the Regions proposal to establish a Euro-Mediterranean Assembly of Local and Regional Authorities (ARLEM in French). Its aim is to bridge between the local and regional representatives of the 43 countries with the Union for the Mediterranean and EU institutions.
The EU participants are the members of the EU Committee of the Regions, as well as representatives from other EU institutions engaged with the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership. From the Mediterranean partner countries, the participants are representatives of regional and local authorities appointed by their national governments. The ARLEM was formally established and held its first plenary session in Barcelona on 31 January 2010. The ARLEM's co-presidency is held by the President of the EU Committee of the Regions, Luc Van den Brande, and the Moroccan mayor of Al Hoceima, Mohammed Boudra.
Anna Lindh Foundation.
The Anna Lindh Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures, with headquarters are in Alexandria, Egypt, was established in April 2005. It is a network for the civil society organisations of the Euro-Mediterranean countries, aiming at the promotion of intercultural dialogue and mutual understanding.
At the Paris Summit it was agreed that the Anna Lindh Foundation, along with the UN Alliance of Civilizations will be in charge of the cultural dimension of the Union for the Mediterranean.
In September 2010 the Anna Lindh Foundation published a report called "EuroMed Intercultural Trends 2010." This evaluation about mutual perceptions and the visibility of the Union of the Mediterranean across the region is based on a Gallup Public Opinion Survey in which 13,000 people from the Union of the Mediterranean countries participated.
Funding.
The Paris Declaration states that contributions for the Union for the Mediterranean will have to develop the capacity to attract funding from "the private sector participation; contributions from the EU budget and all partners; contributions from other countries, international financial institutions and regional entities; the Euro-Mediterranean Investment and Partnership Facility (FEMIP); the ENPI", among other possible instruments,
Impact of conflicts between member countries.
Among the 43 member countries of the Union for the Mediterranean, there are three unresolved conflicts that hinder the works of the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership: the Arab-Israeli, Cyprus-Turkish and Western Sahara (which, unlike the Palestinian Authority, is not part of the Union for the Mediterranean.) The European Union Ambassador to Morocco, Eneko Landaburu, stated on September 2010 that he does "not believe" in the Union for the Mediterranean. According to him, the division among the Arabs "does not allow to implement a strong inter-regional policy", and calls to leave this ambitious project of 43 countries behind and focus on bilateral relations.
The fact that all the decisions, from the lowest to the highest level, in the Union for the Mediterranean are taken "by the principle of consensus" facilitates the blockage of the Partnership's work every time tensions rise between the countries involved in these conflicts.
Due to its seriousness, the Arab-Israeli conflict is the one that most deeply affects the Union for the Mediterranean. As a result of Israel's operation against the Hamas regime in Gaza Strip at the end of 2008 and the beginning of 2009, the Arab Group refused to meet at high level, thus blocking all the ministerial meetings scheduled for the first half of 2009. As well, the refusal of the Arab Ministers of Foreign Affairs to meet with their Israeli counterpart, Avigdor Lieberman, resulted in the cancellation of two ministerial meetings on Foreign Affairs on November 2009 and June 2010. Sectorial meetings of the Union for the Mediterranean have also been affected by Arab attempts to push forward an anti-Israel ideology. At the Euro-Mediterranean ministerial meeting on Water, held in Barcelona on April 2010, the Water Strategy was not approved due to a terminological disagreement of whether to refer to territories claimed by Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese as "occupied territories" or "territories under occupation." Two other ministerial meetings, on higher education and agriculture, had to be cancelled because of the same discrepancy.
The conflict between Turkey and Cyprus has been responsible for the delay in the endorsement of the statutes of the Secretariat, which were only approved in March 2010 even though the Marseille declaration set May 2009 as the deadline for the Secretariat to start functioning. At the Paris summit, the Heads of State and Government agreed to establish five Deputy Secretaries General from Greece, Israel, Italy, Malta and the Palestinian Authority. Turkey's desire to have a Deputy Secretary General and Cyprus' rejection of it, resulted in months of negotiation until Cyprus finally approved the creation of a sixth Deputy Secreaty General post assigned to a Turkish citizen.
Western Sahara is a source of conflict between Algeria and Morocco. The lack of diplomatic relations among these two countries, along with the unresolved dispute over the sovereignty of Western Sahara, prevent the implementation of any intra-Maghreb projects, such as the railway and highway initiatives, as the stagnation of the Arab Maghreb Union proves.

</doc>
<doc id="21464001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464001" title="Doubabougou">
Doubabougou


</doc>
<doc id="21464006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464006" title="Specialist store">
Specialist store

A specialist store is a shop that caters to one specific retail market. Examples of specialist stores include camera stores, pharmacies, stationers and bookstores. In other words, a shop that specialises in one breed of products
Specialist stores compete with other types of stores such as department stores, general stores, supermarkets and variety stores. Specialist stores can be part of a retail chain, but independent specialist stores are also common.
Competition between specialist stores and non-specialist retailers.
Specialist stores can generally offer more varieties of stock than their non-specialist competitors; for example, a supermarket may offer only the top 50 bestseller paperbacks, but a specialist bookstore will typically offer a choice of thousands of books. Specialist bookstores will also be able to offer specialist knowledge about books, whereas supermarkets will simply treat books as commodities by giving them shelf-space. 
However, the top 50 bestsellers represent a disproportionate share of the overall revenues available from selling books, and supermarkets can use their greater buying power to undercut bookshop prices, and supermarkets selling bestsellers have thus presented significant competition to specialist bookstores. 
Similar dynamics apply to camera shops, where digital cameras have now become a commodity sold by general electrical goods retailers, and computer shops, where low-end computers are now beginning to be sold by supermarkets. In each case, the larger competitor concentrates on serving the lower end of the market, and provides the consumer with relatively little choice, but absorbs a disproportionate amount of customer demand in doing so.
In many cases, larger supermarket chains have taken on aspects of department stores, by offering in-house pharmacy services, an area where specialist knowledge cannot be eliminated. 
Specialist stores are also increasingly facing competition from web-based retailers which can also offer a wide range of stock. Again, the book market is a clear-cut example of this trend.

</doc>
<doc id="21464013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464013" title="Selenium sulfide">
Selenium sulfide

Selenium sulfide can refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21464023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464023" title="Karsten Fischer">
Karsten Fischer

Karsten Fischer (born 27 May 1984 in Norden) is a German footballer playing for Goslarer SC 08.
Career.
He spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with VfL Wolfsburg. In summer 2007, Fischer joined SC Paderborn 07 and left after two years in June 2009 for Wuppertaler SV Borussia.

</doc>
<doc id="21464034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464034" title="Rushbrooke with Rougham">
Rushbrooke with Rougham

Rushbrooke with Rougham is a large civil parish in the St Edmundsbury district of Suffolk in eastern England covering the villages of Blackthorpe, Rougham and Rushbrooke as well as Rougham Airfield. Located directly south-east of Bury St Edmunds, in 2005 its population was 1,140. One 'Henry of Rushbrook' was Abbot of Bury St Edmunds from 1235 to 1248.

</doc>
<doc id="21464037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464037" title="Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Süd">
Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Süd

Ergänzungs-Jagdgruppe Süd (EJGr Süd) was a fighter pilot training unit of the German Luftwaffe in World War II. It was formed 2 February 1942 in Mannheim-Sandhofen and renamed Jagdgruppe Süd (JGr Süd) on 25 November 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21464066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464066" title="Sicilian regional election, 1971">
Sicilian regional election, 1971

The Sicilian regional election of 1971 took place on 13 June 1971.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Social Movement that came second. During the legislature the Christian Democrats governed the Region in coalition with some centre-left parties: the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21464073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464073" title="Simpson Pass">
Simpson Pass

Simpson Pass, el. , is a mountain pass on the border between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, in the area of the Ball Range. It is the prominence col for Mount Ball on the Continental Divide in the vicinity of Sunshine Village ski resort. Simpson River and Simpson Pass are named after Sir George Simpson who first explored the area in 1841.
The British Columbian side (Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park) is drained by the Simpson River, via its tributary the North Simpson River to the Kootenay River and then the Columbia River.
The drainage on the Alberta side (Banff National Park) is Healy Creek to the Bow River, then into the Saskatchewan River system to Lake Winnipeg and finally Hudson Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21464084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464084" title="Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!">
Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!

"Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!" ("No alcohol (is no solution either)!") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the second single and the eighteenth track from the album "Auswärtsspiel".
The narrator paints a bleak picture of his life, and explains that not drinking doesn't improve matters. Furthermore, he states that even Jesus realized that one can't do without drugs (referring to the miracle of transforming water into wine) and that teetotallers (singling out the Vatican and the Taliban as examples) are the worst people.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Peter Thorwarth. It features Karina Krawczyk and Ingo Naujoks in main roles.
The video shows a couple of walking into a fancy restaurant. When they're offered wine, the screen splits to two: on one side they decide to drink the wine, on the other side they refuse. Then intermittently separately and with the split screen is shown how the non-drinking version of the couple are having a romantic dinner and the others are starting to act up. On the drinker side it comes to a fight between the man and a waiter and among the mess the two sides become interspersed with each other, which leads to a similar conclusion on both sides.

</doc>
<doc id="21464095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464095" title="Fourier shell correlation">
Fourier shell correlation

In applied mathematics, the three-dimensional Fourier shell correlation (FSC) measures the normalised cross-correlation coefficient between two 3-dimensional volumes over corresponding shells in Fourier space (i.e., as a function of spatial frequency). The FSC is the three-dimensional extension of the two-dimensional Fourier ring correlation (FRC); also known as: spatial frequency correlation function.
Calculation.
where formula_2 is the complex structure Factor for volume 1, formula_3 is the complex conjugate of the structure Factor for volume 2, and formula_4 is the individual voxel element at radius formula_5. In this form, the FSC takes two three-dimensional data sets and converts them into a one-dimensional array.
The FSC originated in cryo-electron microscopy and gradually proliferated to other fields. To measure the FSC, two independently determined 3D volumes are required. In cryo-electron microscopy, the two volumes are the result of two three-dimensional reconstructions, each based on half of the available data set. Typically, the even particle images form one half and the odd particles the other half of the data set. Most publications quote the FSC 0.5 resolution cutoff, which "ad hoc" criterion refers to when the correlation coefficient of the Fourier shells is equal to 0.5. However, determining the resolution threshold remains a controversial issue: fixed-value thresholds were argued to be based on incorrect statistical assumptions. Many other criteria using the FSC curve exist, including 3-σ criterion, 5-σ criterion, and the 0.143 cutoff. The half-bit criterion indicates at which resolution we have collected enough information to reliably interpret the 3-dimensional volume, and the (modified) 3-sigma criterion indicates where the FSC systematically emerges above the expected random correlations of the background noise.

</doc>
<doc id="21464105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464105" title="Niagadina">
Niagadina


</doc>
<doc id="21464137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464137" title="Igor Talevski">
Igor Talevski

Igor Talevski (; born 26 January 1979) is a Macedonian football midfielder, currently playing for in Third Macedonian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21464139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464139" title="Sicilian regional election, 1976">
Sicilian regional election, 1976

The Sicilian regional election of 1976 took place on 20 June 1976.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. During the legislature the Christian Democrats governed the Region in coalition with some centre-left parties: the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21464140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464140" title="Mountougoula">
Mountougoula


</doc>
<doc id="21464146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464146" title="Symposium on Theory of Computing">
Symposium on Theory of Computing

STOC, the Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing is an academic conference in the field of theoretical computer science. STOC has been organized annually since 1969, typically in May or June; the conference is sponsored by the Association for Computing Machinery special interest group SIGACT. Acceptance rate of STOC, averaged from 1970 to 2012, is 31%, with the rate of 29% in 2012.
As writes, STOC and its annual IEEE counterpart FOCS (the Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science) are considered the two top conferences in theoretical computer science, considered broadly: they “are forums for some of the best work throughout theory of computing that promote breadth among theory of computing researchers and help to keep the community together.” includes regular attendance at STOC and FOCS as one of several defining characteristics of theoretical computer scientists.
Awards.
The Gödel Prize for outstanding papers in theoretical computer science is presented alternately at STOC and at the International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming (ICALP); the Knuth Prize for outstanding contributions to theoretical computer science is presented alternately at STOC and at FOCS.
Since 2003, STOC has presented one or more Best Paper Awards to recognize the highest quality papers at the conference. Additionally, the Danny Lewin Best Student Paper Award is awarded to the authors of the best student-authored paper in STOC; the award is named in honor of Daniel M. Lewin. The FOCS counterpart of the best student paper award is the Machtey Award.
History.
STOC was first organised on 5–7 May 1969, in Marina del Rey, California, United States. The conference chairman was Patrick C. Fischer, and the program committee consisted of Michael A. Harrison, Robert W. Floyd, Juris Hartmanis, Richard M. Karp, Albert R. Meyer, and Jeffrey D. Ullman.
Early seminal papers in STOC include , which introduced the concept of NP-completeness (see also Cook–Levin theorem).
STOC was organised in Canada in 1992, 1994, 2002, and 2008, and in Greece in 2001; all other meetings in 1969–2009 have been held in the United States. STOC was part of the Federated Computing Research Conference (FCRC) in 1993, 1996, 1999, 2003, 2007, and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21464156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464156" title="Pitoes, a village of Barroso">
Pitoes, a village of Barroso

Pitões, aldeia do Barroso – Pitoes, a Village of Barroso – (1979) is a Portuguese documentary feature film directed and produced by Ricardo Costa.
History.
This film is the second part of the tetralogy, "Homem Montanhês" (Mountain Man). It portrays the inhabitants of a remote village in northern Portugal, in the mountain chain of Barroso, where the villagers maintain secular traditions such as communal cooperation. The result is an intimate narrative with no plot.
It is an ethnographic film that could be called visual anthropology. Such films were introduced into Portugal in the sixties and salvage ethnography flourished in the seventies following in the tradition of Nanook of the North, by Robert Flaherty.
Synopsis.
Sheltered from the cold winds which blow across the mountains, on a green valley of the Barroso chain, in Trás-os-Montes, Pitões da Júnias is one of the last Portuguese villages keeping in activity a system of mutual help, of communal management and exploration of collective patrimony: the village council, the bread oven, the shepherd, the cattle fields, the “ox of the people”.
In this old community, built on granite rocks, live people who have ever lived there and others: old emigrants from everywhere in the world, who built their lives abroad but decided to spend their last days in the place where they were born. Here they left friends, children and grand-children, with whom they enjoy spending their time telling stories and talking about life. Besides, there are literate children in the village now, playing the game, sliding timidly into the story.
To survive is to know how to face violence, how to live with it: how to kill and flay a lamb, for instance, or how to live with another kind of violence, more eloquent: a giant’s fight, the kind of fight we see between the village bulls. It is impressing. It explains the open smile of the ambassador of the US, who came here as a simple visitor. From one situation to another, from shot to shot, a portrait of everyday life is drawn, of unique and secular moments, still older than the faces of the men who live in this place: vulnerable, threatened in their wealth, vanishing in the mirror. Living people, they live in a fainting world, where time flows softly away, like the slow waters of the river. Just their portrait will be left. (Cit. producer press-release).

</doc>
<doc id="21464158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464158" title="Miss Kiss Kiss Bang">
Miss Kiss Kiss Bang

"Miss Kiss Kiss Bang" is a song by Alex Christensen and Oscar Loya which was the German entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, held in Moscow, Russia. In Moscow the duo performed the song under the group moniker Alex Swings Oscar Sings. It was featured on Oscar Loya's debut album "Heart 4 Sale". A Spanish recording does exist, entitled ""Muchacha Kiss Kiss Bang"".
Overview.
The song was presented on 21 February 2009 at the Echo award in Berlin. It was revealed that American burlesque star Dita von Teese would join Alex and Oscar on stage (to keep in tune with the song's American theme). The song was performed seventeenth on the night, following Denmark's Niels Brinck with "Believe Again" and preceding Turkey's Hadise with "Düm Tek Tek". At the close of voting it had received 35 points, placing 20th in a field of 25.
It was succeeded as German representative at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 by Lena Meyer-Landrut with "Satellite".
Award-winning show choir from Buffalo Grove High School (IL), "The Expressions" used this song in their 2009–2010 competition set.

</doc>
<doc id="21464161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464161" title="William W. Armstrong (journalist)">
William W. Armstrong (journalist)

William Wallace Armstrong (March 18, 1833 – April 21, 1905) was an American journalist and politician born in Columbiana County, Ohio. He served as a Democratic Ohio Secretary of State from 1863-1865 and was later publisher of "The Plain Dealer" and postmaster of Cleveland.
Biography.
William W. Armstrong was born at New Lisbon, Columbiana County, Ohio, and lived there until moving to Tiffin, Seneca County, Ohio in 1847 where he apprenticed at the Seneca "Advertiser", learning the printing trade. He became editor, and bought the paper in 1854. From 1857 to 1861 he was postmaster of Tiffin.
In 1862, the Democratic state convention nominated Armstrong for Secretary of State, and he was elected later that year over incumbent Republican Wilson S. Kennon. He served one two year term, but lost in a landslide to Republican William Henry Smith in 1864. He was the youngest man ever to hold the office.
After his term expired in 1865, Armstrong moved to Cleveland, bought the "The Plain Dealer", and edited it until 1883. In 1868 he testified at the impeachment trial of President Johnson. He was a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1868, 1880, and 1884.
In 1881, Armstrong declined the nomination for Governor. From 1887 to 1891, Armstrong was postmaster of Cleveland. In 1895 he was a candidate for Cleveland City Treasurer.
Armstrong died April 21, 1905 at his home in Cleveland, and was buried in Tiffin, at Greenlawn Cemetery.
Armstrong married Sarah Virginia Hedges on November 10, 1857. They had three children: two sons who died in infancy and Isabella Hedges, born 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="21464165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464165" title="Faces of Death (album)">
Faces of Death (album)

Faces of Death is the debut album by rap group B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e, (now known as Bone Thugs-N-Harmony).The group recorded the album under the mentorship of Krayzie Bone's older brother. The album was originally released in 1993, while a digitally remastered version was released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21464185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464185" title="Histria Shipmanagement">
Histria Shipmanagement

Histria Shipmanagement is a Romanian shipping company, the largest in the country, with a fleet of eleven vessels of which ten are oil and chemical tankers and one is a multipurpouse vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="21464199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464199" title="Cerro El Roble">
Cerro El Roble

Cerro El Roble is a mountain in central Chile. Much of the land area associated with this mountain was incorporated into the La Campana National Park in the late 1990s. A station of the National Astronomical Observatory of Chile, Cerro El Roble Observatory is located at the top of this mountain. 

</doc>
<doc id="21464205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464205" title="Christian Ritter (footballer)">
Christian Ritter (footballer)

Christian Ritter (born 9 August 1984) is a German former football player.
Ritter made one Bundesliga appearance for VfL Wolfsburg, replacing Martin Petrov in a 3–1 win over 1860 Munich in February 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21464211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464211" title="Curia Regia">
Curia Regia

The Curia Regia was the Supreme Court of the Kingdom of Hungary (Hungary and Croatia) between 1723 and 1949.
Charles VI in 1723 divided it into two courts: the "Tabula Septemviralis" (Court of the Seven) and the "Tabula Regia Ludiciaria" (Royal Court).
The "Tabula Regia" functioned under a dignitary named the "Personalis", in the case of prevention, of the elder Baron Court.
Tabula Septemviralis.
The Palatine, five Prelates (the archbishop of Esztergom and Kalocsa and three bishops), eight magnates and eight nobleman, one Reporter of the mine courts and a recorder composed the "Tabula Septemviralis", after 1723. 
The "Tabula Septemviralis" solved the appeals on the verdicts of the Tabula Regia and Tabula Banalis. It was the final instance, and in civil cases it was not possible to appeal its verdict, while in criminal cases, the King had the power to grant amnesty or pardon.
Tabula Regia Iudiciaria.
The "Tabula Regia" was composed of two prelates, two Barons of the Court, two deputy judge advocates of the Kingdom: the vice Palatine, the deputy judge advocate of the Curia Regia, four protonotars, four assessors of the Kingdom, four assessors of the archdiocese, four adjunctive assessors.

</doc>
<doc id="21464216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464216" title="Canada–United States Safe Third Country Agreement">
Canada–United States Safe Third Country Agreement

The Safe Third Country Agreement is an agreement between the governments of Canada and the United States to better manage the flow of refugee claimants at the shared land border.
Under the Canada-U.S. Safe Third Country Agreement, persons seeking refugee protection must make a claim in the first country they arrive in (United States or Canada), unless they qualify for an exception to the Agreement. Therefore, refugee claimants arriving from the United States at the Canada–United States land border may be allowed to pursue their refugee claims in Canada if they meet an exception under the Safe Third Country Agreement.
Where the agreement is in effect.
The Safe Third Country Agreement applies only to refugee claimants who are seeking entry to Canada from the United States:
Exceptions to the agreement.
Exceptions to the Safe Third Country Agreement are based on principles that take into account the importance of family unity, the best interests of children and public interest.
There are four types of exceptions:
Despite qualifying for one of the exceptions outlined above, refugee claimants must still meet all other eligibility criteria of Canada's immigration legislation. For example, a person seeking refugee protection will not be eligible to make a refugee claim in Canada if he or she has been determined to be inadmissible to Canada on grounds of security, violating human or international rights, or criminality.

</doc>
<doc id="21464230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464230" title="Samu (Homo erectus)">
Samu (Homo erectus)

Samu is the nickname given to a prehistoric man (described as "Homo erectus seu sapiens palaeohungaricus", i. e., "ancient Hungarian Homo erectus or sapiens") whose remains were found in 1965 near Vértesszőlős, Hungary. He was a late "Homo erectus", somewhere between "Homo erectus" and "Homo sapiens". Only a part of the occipital bone was found. He lived about 350,000 years ago.
The archaeological site was discovered by Márton Pécsi in 1962; the occipital bone was found three years later during a dig led by László Vértes. Since it was found on August 21, the name day of Sámuel, it was named "Samu" (Hungarian version of Sam). Two child teeth were also found. 
Samu was an intelligent early human who made tools out of rocks and bones, knew and used fire and was able to hunt for larger animals. A fireplace was also found along the bones and tools.
The remains can be viewed in the local Vértesszőlős Museum. Also on display are some of his stone and bone tools, a prehistoric footprint, animal and plant remains.
Vandalism.
In early 2009 news sources reported that a fourteen-year-old girl vandalised the remains. Since the museum was at that time closed for winter and was inspected once a week, the vandalism is assumed having taken place between January 28 and February 4. On February 9 it was reported that the Vértesszőlős museum only housed a replica of the prehistoric bone, and the original is safe in the Hungarian National Museum in Budapest.
Pop culture.
Samu has also became a figure in pop culture in the past decades. Plastic skeletons shown in biology classes in schools are almost universally called Samu by students.

</doc>
<doc id="21464250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464250" title="Humphrey Boardman">
Humphrey Boardman

Humphrey Colman Boardman (July 26, 1904 – June 1998) was an English rower who competed for Great Britain at the 1928 Summer Olympics at Amsterdam.
He was born in Norwich. He was the younger brother of Christopher Boardman who won gold in the Sailing at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Their father, Edward Thomas Boardman, was a Norwich architect, and their mother, Florence, was the daughter of Sir Jeremiah Colman, 1st Baronet owner of Colman's Mustard. 
In the 1928 Summer Olympics he and his partner Denis Guye participated in the double sculls event. They qualified for the second round repêchage but did not start in this race.[http://www.sports-reference.com/olympics/summer/1928/ROW/mens-double-sculls-round-one-repechage.html]
At the 1930 Empire Games he was a member of the English boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours competition as well as in the eights contest.[http://www.sports-reference.com/olympics/athletes/bo/humphrey-boardman-1.html]

</doc>
<doc id="21464258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464258" title="Thanneermukkom Bund">
Thanneermukkom Bund

The Thanneermukkom Bund (Thannermukkom Salt Water Barrier) was constructed as a part of the Kuttanad Development Scheme to prevent tidal action and intrusion of salt water into the Kuttanad low-lands across Vembanad Lake between Thannermukkom on south and Vechur on north. Thanneermukkom Bund was constructed in 1974 and is functional since 1976. It is the largest mud regulator in India. This barrier essentially divides the lake into two parts - one with brackish water perennially and the other half with fresh water fed by the rivers draining into the lake.
Geography.
The bund is located at .
Location.
It has been built across Lake Vembanad. It connects Vechoor of Kottayam district and Thanneermukkom of Alappuzha district. It can be reached by road, from Kottayam town, Alappuzha or Cherthala. Frequent bus services are available from all the places mentioned.
Environmental Impact.
This barrier has helped the farmers in Kuttanad - where farming is done below sea level. It has however also created ecological problems, primarily, the rampant propagation of the Water Hyacinth in fresh water. The backwaters which were abundant with fish and part of the staple food of the people of the region require a small amount of salt water for their breeding. The salt water barrier has caused deterioration of the catch of fish in the region and the fishermen are opposed to the bund as of 2005.
The salt water barrier has also disrupted the harmony of the sea with the backwaters and has caused problems not foreseen before the salt water barrier like the omniprescence of the water weeds. Earlier the salt water tends to cleanse the backwaters but this does not happen any more leading to the pollution of the backwaters and the entire land nearby.
The shutters are opened during monsoon and are closed after approximately six months.

</doc>
<doc id="21464260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464260" title="Jump rings">
Jump rings

Jump rings are (usually metal) rings used to make chains, jewelry and chainmaille. They are made by wrapping wire round a mandrel to make a coil and then cutting the coil with wire cutters to make individual rings. The rings can be assembled one by one into chains, earrings, objects such as bowls or ornaments, and chain mail clothing. 
The making of items from jump rings is called "chain maille" (""maille"" is French for ""mesh""). 
Jump rings can be described by the following qualities :

</doc>
<doc id="21464263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464263" title="Sicilian regional election, 1981">
Sicilian regional election, 1981

The Sicilian regional election of 1981 took place on 21 June 1981.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. During the legislature the Christian Democrats governed the Region in coalition with the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Republican Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Liberal Party.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21464284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464284" title="Adrian Ford">
Adrian Ford

Adrian Grainger Ford (January 1, 1904 - July 7, 1977) was a professional football player from Youngstown, Ohio. After going attending high school in Niles, Ohio; Ford attended and played college football for Lafayette College. He made his professional debut in the first American Football League, formed by Red Grange, in 1926 with the Philadelphia Quakers. He won the 1926 AFL Championship with the Quakers. After the AFL folded, the following year, Ford moved to the National Football League. During his only year of playing in the league, Ford split the 1927 season between the Frankford Yellow Jackets and the Pottsville Maroons. He scored two touchdowns for Frankford during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21464290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464290" title="Axiom Collection">
Axiom Collection

Axiom Collection series of albums are compilations from the Axiom record label released between 1991 and 1996. 
The first collection, "Illuminations", collects one track from each of the label's first ten albums. The second collection, "Manifestation", contains mainly non-album mixes and edits.
Subsequent collections were released to highlight specific music forms, and in the main contained new material.
Axiom Ambient: Lost in the Translation.
Directions in music – sound sculptures by Bill Laswell with contributions from Terre Thaemlitz, The Orb, Tetsu Inoue. Created and mastered at Greenpoint Studio, Brooklyn, New York. Produced by Bill Laswell.
Axiom Funk: Funkcronomicon.
A 12" single containing four mixes of "If 6 was 9" was released in 1996 (Axiom/Island, PR12 7212-1) as Axion Funk featuring Bootsy Collins.
Axiom Dub: Mysteries of Creation.
Compiled, edited and mastered at Greenpoint Studio, Brooklyn, New York.
Conceived and constructed by Bill Laswell.
Axiom: Reconstructions and Vexations.
Remixes of tracks from Jah Wobble and Bill Laswell's "Radioaxiom: A Dub Transmission", and Tabla Beat Science's "Tala Matrix".

</doc>
<doc id="21464303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464303" title="Nick Kotys">
Nick Kotys

Nick Kotys (April 3, 1913 – July 28, 2005) was an American college and high school football coach. At Coral Gables High School near Miami, Florida, he built one of the most dominating high school football programs in Florida state history, winning state playoff championships in 1963, 1964, 1967 and 1968, and two unanimous mythical state newspaper poll championships in 1956 and 1958 before the playoff system started. His Coral Gables Cavaliers football teams also won five mythical national titles in 1956, 1964, 1967, 1968 and 1969. Kotys retired in 1971 after 20 seasons as head coach of the Cavaliers with a 160–33–9 record—his teams having won over eighty-one percent of their games played.
Kotys earned his B.S. in economics and education from Villanova University (1936), before starting his coaching career at Shickshinny, Bloomsburg, and Pottsville, Pennsylvania, where he compiled a thirteen-year record of 98 wins, 24 losses and 7 ties. Kotys became the offensive coordinator and backfield coach under head coach Herman Hickman at Yale University in 1949. He left Yale to accept the head football coach and athletic director positions at Coral Gables High School in 1952.
Kotys was inducted into the Florida Sports Hall of Fame in 1984. Thirty-six years after he retired from coaching, the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) named him to its All-Century Team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21464306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464306" title="Kiskatinaw Formation">
Kiskatinaw Formation

The Kiskatinaw Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Mississippian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the Kiskatinaw River, and was first described in the Pacific Fort St. John No. 23 well (from 2302 to 2598 m) by H.L. Halbertsma in 1959. "Kiskatinaw" means "cutbank" in Cree.
Lithology.
The Kiskatinaw Formation is composed mostly of quartz sandstone at the base, and shale with thin tight sandstone toward the top. In western Alberta it was deposited as a deltaic channel fill. Westwards it was deposited in a marine environment. Beach and near shore sediments can be found in north-eastern British Columbia, and the formation becomes transgressive at the top.
Distribution.
The Kiskatinaw Formation occurs in north-eastern British Columbia and in the west of northern Alberta. It has a thickness of in the Peace River region and reaches more than in the Fort St. John area.
Relationship to other units.
The Kiskatinaw Formation is generally conformably overlain by the Taylor Flat Formation (with some exceptions in the Peace River and Fort St. John areas) and unconformably underlain by Golata Formation due to pre-Kiskatinaw erosion. Some Kiskatinaw channels cut down into the Debolt Formation in the eastern parts of its extents. The Kiskatinaw Formation is correlated with the upper Mattson Formation in the Liard area, with the upper Etherington Formation in southern Alberta and with the Otter Formation in Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="21464314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464314" title="José Luis Lezama">
José Luis Lezama

Doctor José Luis Lezama(b. June 4, 1952 is a Mexican researcher in the fields of Environmental Sciences, Urbanism, and Demography).
Career.
José Luis Lezama earned his PhD in Social Sciences with specialization in Environmental Policy at the Faculty of Environmental Studies, University College London in the United Kingdom. Dr. Lezama is currently the Director of the Centre for Demographic, Urban and Environmental Studies (CEDUA) of El Colegio de México and Director of the Interdisciplinary Seminar on Environmental Studies at El Colegio de México. He was Visiting Researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the Department of Air, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences, coordinating the Chapter on Environmental Policy and Institutional Analysis in the Mexico City Air Quality Project under the coordination of the Nobel prize Dr. Mario Molina. Dr. Lezama is a columnist in the Mexican national newspaper Reforma writing on environmental, technological and social issues. He has recently been appointed as a member of the Advisory Board of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, UN-HABITAT.
Books.
Dr. Lezama is the author of the following books: 1) Population, City and Environment in Contemporary Mexico; 2) Environment, Society and Government: The Institutional Question; 3) The Social and Political Construction of Environment (2004);4) The Environment Today: Crucial Issues in the Contemporary Debate (2003); 5) Divided Air: Criticism to the Air Pollution Policy in the valley of Mexico (2000); 6) Social Theory, Space and City (1993); 7) Society, Space and Population (1990). Dr. Lezama is the author of more than 60 articles in books, journals and newspapers in Mexico and abroad on environment, social theory and urban development.
Awards.
Prize to the National Ecological Merit. Honorific Mention (2002). Semarnat.
National Journalism Prize José Pagés Llergo for environment (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="21464321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464321" title="Hjalmar Lundbohm">
Hjalmar Lundbohm

Johan Olof Hjalmar Lundbohm (25 April 1855, Ödeborg – 4 April 1926) was a Swedish geologist and chemist and the first managing director of LKAB ("Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara Aktiebolag") in Kiruna. He is almost regarded as the founder of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21464334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464334" title="K. Velappan">
K. Velappan

K. Velappan (May 12, 1949 - July 15, 1992) was a Malayalam journalist and film critic. 
K. Velappan was born in Uchakkada, India, the eldest son of Omana Krishanan and father Krishnan Nair. After completing his Master's Degree in Linguistics he worked in Kerala University as a clerk before moving to write articles for Kalakaumudi Weekly. In 1984 he joined Kala Kaumudi where he worked until his death. In 1985 he married a Christian, Rosamma Velappan and a year later they had a son, Apu, whom he named after the main character in Satyjit Ray's "The Apu Trilogy". An asthmatic, he died on July 15, 1992 of a heart attack.
After his death his work was published as a book called Cinimayum Samoohavum (Cinema and the Society) which won the Kerala state film award and film critic award in 1994. His other book named 'Adivasicalum Adivasi Bashakalum' (Tribes and Tribal Languages) about the tribal languages in Vayanadu won the Kerala Sahithya Academy award in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21464355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464355" title="Uragan-class monitor">
Uragan-class monitor

The "Uragan" class (also known as the "Bronenosetz" class) was a class of monitors built for the Baltic Fleet of the Imperial Russian Navy. The ships were built to the plans of the American "Passaic"-class monitors, a design that was tested on a smaller scale on the USS "Monitor". A total of 10 ships were constructed at five different shipyards in Saint Petersburg, all entering service in 1865. The ships were among the first ironclad warships in the Russian Navy.
Russian-American relations.
During the American Civil War Russia was the only European country besides Switzerland that gave the Union unreserved support. While not actively involved in fighting, large parts of the Russian blue-water navy were stationed in San Francisco and New York, patrolling the US east and west coasts. (see Russian frigate Alexander Nevsky) From 1863 the squadrons had standing orders to attack British and Confederate shipping in the Atlantic and Pacific in case of a breakdown in relations between Russia and Britain. The squadrons also had sealed orders, most likely to the same effect, only to be opened if "during the Rebellion the United States becomes involved in a war with foreign nations." War between Britain and the Union was considered unavoidable if Britain was to give diplomatic recognition to the Confederacy.
Relations between Russia and Britain deteriorated further because of the British support — or what the Russians saw as sponsorship — of the Polish January Uprising of 1863.
If war between the two countries were to happen, it was thought likely that British and French Naval forces would try to attack the Russian capital of Saint Petersburg on the Gulf of Finland. It was feared that this would be a repeat of the Baltic theatre of the Crimean War eight years previously, when the Allied steam-powered fleet had outgunned and outmaneuvered the Russian sailing fleet. Russians calculated, that in a battle in the confined waters of the Baltic the Russian wooden ships would be worthless, but could do more damage to the British in distant seas. With the wooden fleet gone, Russia would have no naval protection of her home waters.
Russian monitor program.
A Russian monitor program was started as soon as news of the Battle of Hampton Roads reached Europe. 
Naval architect N. Artseulov was sent to America to join Russian naval attaché, Captain (later Rear Admiral) Stepan Stepanovich Lessovsky and to assess at first hand the advantages and disadvantages of John Ericsson's monitors. He returned on March 16, 1863, with detailed drawings and specifications of the "Passaic" class.
Already on March 11, 1863 the Russian Admiralty approved a program to build ten armored vessels based on the "Passaic" design. The decision to use the American plans was based on the lack of time, money and experience in building armored vessels. A larger monitor, "Smerch" («Смерч»), with two turrets of a design by Cowper Phipps Coles was also approved and launched in 1864. One of the benefits of the Ericsson turret design, as opposed to the British design by Coles, was the layered construction from 1 inch armored plate. The Coles design required slabs of 114.3 mm thickness. This armor could not be produced in any Russian plant, and in Europe, only John Brown & Co in Sheffield, England, was producing armored plate of this thickness and of the required quality.
Construction.
Two of the ships were built by the state-owned New Admiralty yard, the others were ordered from privately owned shipyards. The Galerniy Island yard, Carr and MacPherson and the Nevsky factory (owned by Colonel PF Semyannikova and Retired Lieutenant VA Poletiki) each produced two ships. Two ships were prefabricated in Belgium by Cockerill & Co and assembled in Kronstadt. All ships were laid down in late 1863 and launched in 1864. Some of the turrets and steam engines were produced at the Izhorsky Zavod state factory, and some by the Baird Works. Iron armor for the ships was first ordered form John Brown & Co in Sheffield, but they cited difficultes in meeting the demand. Instead most of the 1 inch armor plate needed for the ships was produced by Russian forges.
The cost of the Russian-built ships was around 570 thousand rubles for each ship. The two Belgian ships cost 619,000 silver rubles.
Armament.
In their first eight years of operation the monitors were equipped with three different types of artillery pieces. Procurement efforts for all three types were started at the same time in 1863. An order was placed in 1863 with the Krupp factories in Germany for 9 inch smoothbore guns with steel barrels; these were initially used to arm the monitors.
At the same time, Artillery specialist Filemon N. Pestich was sent to America along with Artseulov and Lessovsky to acquire gun technology. He returned in 1864 with technology for the production of 15 inch smoothbore Dahlgren guns, the type in use on the American "Passaics". A new gun factory was established in Petrozavodsk in Russian Karelia. Production of Dahlgren guns was immediately started at the Aleksandrovsk gun factory, with the first 15 inch gun cast on January 2, 1864, The first 15 inch guns were installed on the monitors by 1868, but they only became available for all ships in 1869. Unlike the American sister ships, mixed armaments of 15 inch and smaller guns were not used.
Also in 1863 development of a rifled gun started with the help of Krupp technology. The Obukhov State Plant was founded in St. Petersburg to produce guns based on Krupp designs. The new 9 inch Breech-loading rifled guns become known as the "229 mm cannon M1867". The ships were rearmed with these guns starting in 1873.
As the monitors were hulked in 1900 the rifled M1867 guns were removed; they later served as coastal artillery in Peter the Great's Naval Fortress. Some of the guns still exist on the seafortress of Suomenlinna in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="21464369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464369" title="Hofatelier Elvira">
Hofatelier Elvira

The Hofatelier Elvira ("tr. Court atelier Elvira", also known as "Atelier Elvira" or "Salon Elvira") was a photography studio in Munich founded by Anita Augspurg and Sophia Goudstikker in 1887. It is notable as the first German company founded by women, and was made famous by their work in the feminist movement.
History.
The building that housed the atelier at "Von-der-Thann-Straße 15" was built in 1898, and the façade was designed by the architect August Endell in the years from 1896 to 1898. Endell's work was influenced by Victor Horta. His plans, were licensed in April 1898 with the remark, that they were a "mockery of drawing art". The façade, with its red and golden dragon-like stucco ornament on a green ground, was especially criticized. The design was called "Octopus Rococo", and the building was variously called the "dragon's castle" or the "Chinese embassy". The Atelier Elvira building was an artist's meeting point from the beginning. Soon after the building was completed, the founders' paths went separate ways. In 1907 Augspurg sold her share to Goudstikker, who leased it to the young photographer Emma Uibleisen. After World War I most of the traditional clients disappeared. When Uibleisen died in 1928 there was no successor.
In the autumn of 1933 an SA unit moved into the building. When the "Von-der-Thann-Straße" was rebuilt into a main accessway for the Haus der Kunst art museum, the building was used as a canteen for the construction workers. In 1937 the "dragon ornament" was removed and the building slated for demolition to make way for a planned arcade building which could not be realized during World War II. In April 1944 the area was bombed. After the war the area was acquired by the state of Bavaria, which gave it to the United States for the construction of the Consulate General.
Works (selection).
Significant photographs that emerged from the atelier include:

</doc>
<doc id="21464374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464374" title="Facesitting">
Facesitting

Facesitting, also known as queening, is a sexual practice in which one partner sits on or over the other's face, typically to allow or force oral-genital or oral-anal contact. It is common for this position to form part of BDSM, involving dominance and submission, though this need not be the case. Within a BDSM or D/s context, facesitting can be an especially intense form of erotic humiliation.
Facesitting is common among dominant and submissive individuals, for demonstrating superiority and for sexual gratification. Unlike smothering, in facesitting the bottom partner is not deprived of air. The full-weight body-pressure, moisture, sex odors and darkness can be perceived as powerful sexual attractions or compulsions. The person sat upon may be in bondage, sexually submissive, or simply held down by the body-weight of the other person.
Furniture.
Sometimes special furniture is used, such as a "queening stool" or "smotherbox".
A "queening stool" is a low seat which fits over the submissive's face and contains an opening to allow oral-genital and/or oral-anal stimulation of the domme while seated. In modern BDSM vernacular, the queening stool allows open access to the crotch while seated. The position allows the pelvic floor muscles (PFM) to relax and therefore partly exposing the labia minora to intimate touch. The gluteus maximus and levator ani muscles, the major muscles of the crotch, can relax and sag allowing easy access to the vagina and anus. The queening stool is also related to a "smotherbox", which also allows the person under the seat to be locked in place, restrained by the neck as in a set of stocks.
A "smotherbox" (or "smothering box") has two openings. One is in a vertical side of the box for the neck of the person who has their head inside the smotherbox. The other is in the top of the box to expose their face. The inside of a smotherbox is often padded to provide support for their neck and prevent their head from moving. The padding may also muffle noises from the outside, causing a relaxation effect and heightening their other senses.
A smotherbox gives a more dramatic experience . Smotherboxes are usually custom made pieces of furniture that may have a special significance for their users. They are often made out of precious woods, with leather used for the seat.
The smotherbox is placed on a stable surface. The cover (top half of the smotherbox) is open while the submissive lies down on his back and places his head in the box. When he is in position the cover is closed. The cover can have hinges or be a separate part. Locks may be used to emphasize the submissive position or the submissive's hands may be fastened above his head to the box.
Teabagging.
Teabagging is the act of placing one's testicles on another's face or in their mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21464376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464376" title="Sicilian regional election, 1986">
Sicilian regional election, 1986

The Sicilian regional election of 1986 took place on 22 June 1986.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party. Christian Democrat Rino Nicolosi was President of the Region for the whole legislature, albeit at the head of different coalitions, that included the Italian Socialist Party for most of the time.
Results.
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Sicilian Regional Assembly

</doc>
<doc id="21464377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464377" title="Nubreed 7">
Nubreed 7

Nubreed 7 is a compilation album compiled and mixed by Jim Rivers as part of Global Underground's Nubreed series. This entry marked the resurrection of the "Nubreed" series after seven years.

</doc>
<doc id="21464391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464391" title="Ferhat Çerçi">
Ferhat Çerçi

Ferhat Çerçi (born 2 September 1981 in Hamm) is a German football player. As of January 2013, he plays for Hammer SpVg. He also holds Turkish citizenship. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="21464395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464395" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's downhill">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 – Women's downhill

Complete results for Women's Downhill competition at the 2009 World Championships. Delayed a day by weather, it was run on February 9, the fifth race of the championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21464396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464396" title="Bartolini">
Bartolini

Bartolini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21464402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464402" title="Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act">
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act

Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 (a common name for Title V of the Telecommunications Act of 1996) is a landmark piece of Internet legislation in the United States, codified at . Section 230(c)(1) provides immunity from liability for providers and users of an "interactive computer service" who publish information provided by others:
No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider. 
In analyzing the availability of the immunity offered by this provision, courts generally apply a three-prong test. A defendant must satisfy each of the three prongs to gain the benefit of the immunity:
History.
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act was not part of the original Senate legislation, but was added in conference with the House of Representatives, where it had been separately introduced by Representatives Christopher Cox (R-CA) and Ron Wyden (D-OR) as the Internet Freedom and Family Empowerment Act and passed by a near-unanimous vote on the floor. Unlike the more controversial anti-indecency provisions which were later ruled unconstitutional, this portion of the Act remains in force and allows ISPs and other service providers to restrict customers' actions without fear of being found legally liable for the actions that are allowed. The act was passed in part in reaction to the 1995 decision in "Stratton Oakmont, Inc. v. Prodigy Services Co.", which suggested that service providers who assumed an editorial role with regard to customer content, thus became publishers, and legally responsible for libel and other torts committed by customers. This act was passed to specifically enhance service providers' ability to delete or otherwise monitor content without themselves becoming publishers.
In "Zeran v. America Online, Inc.", the Court notes that "Congress enacted § 230 to remove the disincentives to self-regulation created by the "Stratton Oakmont" decision. Under that court's holding, computer service providers who regulated the dissemination of offensive material on their services risked subjecting themselves to liability, because such regulation cast the service provider in the role of a publisher. Fearing that the specter of liability would therefore deter service providers from blocking and screening offensive material, Congress enacted § 230's broad immunity "to remove disincentives for the development and utilization of blocking and filtering technologies that empower parents to restrict their children's access to objectionable or inappropriate online material."
In addition, "Zeran" notes "the amount of information communicated via interactive computer services is . . . staggering. The specter of tort liability in an area of such prolific speech would have an obviously chilling effect. It would be impossible for service providers to screen each of their millions of postings for possible problems. Faced with potential liability for each message republished by their services, interactive computer service providers might choose to severely restrict the number and type of messages posted. Congress considered the weight of the speech interests implicated and chose to immunize service providers to avoid any such restrictive effect."
Limits.
Section 230's coverage is not complete: it excepts federal criminal liability and intellectual property law. In "Perfect 10, Inc. v. CCBill LLC", the Court of Appeals ruled that the exception for intellectual property law applies only to federal intellectual property law, reversing a district court ruling that the exception applies to state right of publicity claims. The "Friendfinder" court specifically discussed and rejected the Ninth Circuit's reading of "intellectual property law" in "CCBill" and held that the immunity does not reach state right of publicity claims.
Controversy.
Section 230 is controversial with certain people because several courts have interpreted it as providing complete immunity for ISPs with regard to the torts committed by their users over their systems. "See, e.g.," "Zeran v. AOL", 129 F.3d 327, 330 (4th Cir. 1997), cert. denied, 524 U.S. 937 (1998), which held that Section 230 “creates a federal immunity to any cause of action that would make service providers liable for information originating with a third-party user of the service.”
This rule effectively protects online entities, including user-generated content websites, that qualify as a "provider or user" of an "interactive computer service." However some criticize Section 230 for leaving victims with no hope of relief where the true tortfeasors cannot be identified or are judgment proof. For example, the plaintiff in Zeran was allegedly defamed by an unidentified user of AOL's bulletin board, but was unable to bring suit against the original poster due to missing records. Since Section 230 barred Zeran from obtaining damages from AOL, he obtained no redress for the harms the messages caused, including death threats that required the involvement of the FBI.
Case law.
Defamatory information.
Immunity was upheld against claims that AOL unreasonably delayed in removing defamatory messages posted by third party, failed to post retractions, and failed to screen for similar postings.
The court upheld AOL's immunity from liability for defamation. AOL's agreement with the contractor allowing AOL to modify or remove such content did not make AOL the "information content provider" because the content was created by an independent contractor. The Court noted that Congress made a policy choice by "providing immunity even where the interactive service provider has an active, even aggressive role in making available content prepared by others."
The court upheld immunity for an Internet dating service provider from liability stemming from third party's submission of a false profile. The plaintiff, Carafano, claimed the false profile defamed her, but because the content was created by a third party, the website was immune, even though it had provided multiple choice selections to aid profile creation.
Immunity was upheld for a website operator for distributing an email to a listserv where the plaintiff claimed the email was defamatory. Though there was a question as to whether the information provider intended to send the email to the listserv, the Court decided that for determining the liability of the service provider, "the focus should be not on the information provider's intentions or knowledge when transmitting content but, instead, on the service provider's or user's reasonable perception of those intentions or knowledge." The Court found immunity proper "under circumstances in which a reasonable person in the position of the service provider or user would conclude that the information was provided for publication on the Internet or other 'interactive computer service'."
The court upheld immunity for AOL against allegations of negligence. Green claimed AOL failed to adequately police its services and allowed third parties to defame him and inflict intentional emotional distress. The court rejected these arguments because holding AOL negligent in promulgating harmful content would be equivalent to holding AOL "liable for decisions relating to the monitoring, screening, and deletion of content from its network -- actions quintessentially related to a publisher's role."
Immunity was upheld for an individual internet user from liability for republication of defamatory statement on a listserv. The court found the defendant to be a "user of interactive computer services" and thus immune from liability for posting information passed to her by the author.
The court rejected the defendant's motion to dismiss on the grounds of Section 230 immunity, ruling that the plaintiff's allegations that the defendants wrote disparaging report titles and headings, and themselves wrote disparaging editorial messages about the plaintiff, rendered them information content providers. The Web site, www.badbusinessbureau.com, allows users to upload "reports" containing complaints about businesses they have dealt with.
The court rejected immunity and found the defendant was an "information content provider" under Section 230 using much of the same reasoning as the "MCW" case.
False information.
eBay's immunity was upheld for claims based on forged autograph sports items purchased on the auction site.
Immunity for AOL was upheld against liability for a user's posting of incorrect stock information.
Immunity upheld against claims of fraud and money laundering. Google was not responsible for misleading advertising created by third parties who bought space on Google's pages. The court found the creative pleading of money laundering did not cause the case to fall into the crime exception to Section 230 immunity.
Immunity for Orbitz and CheapTickets was upheld for claims based on fraudulent ticket listings entered by third parties on ticket resale marketplaces.
Sexually explicit content and minors.
The court upheld immunity against state claims of negligence based on "chat room marketing" of obscene photographs of minor by a third party.
The California Court of Appeal upheld the immunity of a city from claims of waste of public funds, nuisance, premises liability, and denial of substantive due process. The plaintiff's child downloaded pornography from a public library's computers which did not restrict access to minors. The court found the library was not responsible for the content of the internet and explicitly found that section 230(c)(1) immunity covers governmental entities and taxpayer causes of action.
The court upheld immunity for a social networking site from negligence and gross negligence liability for failing to institute safety measures to protect minors and failure to institute policies relating to age verification. The Does' daughter had lied about her age and communicated over MySpace with a man who later sexually assaulted her. In the court's view, the Does' allegations, were "merely another way of claiming that MySpace was liable for publishing the communications."
The court upheld immunity for Craigslist against a county sheriff’s claims that its “erotic services” section constituted a public nuisance because it caused or induced prostitution.
Discriminatory housing ads.
The court upheld immunity for Craigslist against Fair Housing Act claims based on discriminatory statements in postings on the classifieds website by third party users.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected immunity for the Roommates.com roommate matching service for claims brought under the federal Fair Housing Act and California housing discrimination laws. The court concluded that the manner in which the service elicited information from users concerning their roommate preferences (by having dropdowns specifying gender, presence of children, and sexual orientation), and the manner in which it utilized that information in generating roommate matches (by eliminating profiles that did not match user specifications), the matching service created or developed the information claimed to violate the FHA, and thus was responsible for it as an "information content provider." The court upheld immunity for the descriptions posted by users in the “Additional Comments” section because these were entirely created by users.
Threats.
A California Appellate Court unanimously upheld immunity from state tort claims arising from an employee's use of the employer's e-mail system to send threatening messages. The court concluded that an employer that provides Internet access to its employees qualifies as a "provider . . . of an interactive service."
Legislation in other countries.
European Union.
Directive 2000/31/EC establishes a safe haven regime for hosting providers:
Australia.
In "Dow Jones & Company Inc v Gutnick", the High Court of Australia treated defamatory material on a server outside Australia as having been published in Australia when it is downloaded or read by someone in Australia.
"Gorton v Australian Broadcasting Commission & Anor" (1973) 1 ACTR 6
Under the "Defamation Act 2005" (NSW), s 32, a defence to defamation is that the defendant neither knew, nor ought reasonably to have known of the defamation, and the lack of knowledge was not due to the defendant's negligence.
New Zealand.
Failing to investigate the material or to make inquiries of the user concerned may amount to negligence in this context: "Jensen v Clark" 2 NZLR 268.
France.
Directive 2000/31/CE was transposed into the LCEN law. Article 6 of the law establishes safe haven for hosting provider as long as they follow certain rules.
In LICRA vs. Yahoo!, the High Court ordered Yahoo! to take affirmative steps to filter out Nazi memorabilia from its auction site. Yahoo!, Inc. and its then president Timothy Koogle were also criminally charged, but acquitted.
Germany.
In 1997, Felix Somm, the former managing director for CompuServe Germany, was charged with violating German child pornography laws because of the material CompuServe's network was carrying into Germany. He was convicted and sentenced to two years probation on May 28, 1998. He was cleared on appeal on November 17, 1999.
The Oberlandesgericht (OLG) Cologne, an appellate court, found that an online auctioneer does not have an active duty to check for counterfeit goods (Az 6 U 12/01).
In one example, the first-instance district court of Hamburg issued a temporary restraining order requiring message board operator Universal Boards to review all comments before they can be posted to prevent the publication of messages inciting others to download harmful files. The court reasoned that "the publishing house must be held liable for spreading such material in the forum, regardless of whether it was aware of the content." 
United Kingdom.
The laws of libel and defamation will treat a disseminator of information as having "published" material posted by a user and the onus will then be on a defendant to prove that it did not know the publication was defamatory and was not negligent in failing to know: "Goldsmith v Sperrings Ltd" (1977) 2 All ER 566; "Vizetelly v Mudie's Select Library Ltd" (1900) 2 QB 170; "Emmens v Pottle & Ors" (1885) 16 QBD 354;

</doc>
<doc id="21464407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464407" title="Steh auf, wenn du am Boden bist">
Steh auf, wenn du am Boden bist

"Steh auf, wenn du am Boden bist" ("Stand up if you're on the floor") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the third single and the thirteenth track from the album "Auswärtsspiel".
Campino has stated that the reason behind this song is that he had a line like "Walk on with hope in your heart" in his head and it didn't seem weird in English and what he wanted was to create something similar.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/veroeffentlichungen_discographie_stehauf.php]
An English version, titled "Stand Up", was recorded for the soundtrack of "Land of Plenty".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Olaf Heine.
The video is black-and-white and shows the band performing the song, which is interspersed with clips of depressed people, who start to smile as the song is nearing the end.

</doc>
<doc id="21464420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464420" title="Graeme Connors">
Graeme Connors

Graeme Connors (born in Mackay, Queensland) is an Australian country music singer, songwriter, and performer. He is best known for the hits "A Little Further North" and "Let The Canefields Burn". Throughout his music career Graeme has released over fourteen albums and to date has received fourteen Golden Guitar awards among other prestige Australian country music awards. He wrote the lyrics for the "Paralympic Anthem". Most recently, he was awarded Album of the Year at the 2011 Tamworth Country Music Festival for "Still Walking".
Early career and life.
Graeme attended school St. Patricks in Mackay. Graeme commenced his music career in the mid-70's doing support vocals for many well-known acts of the day, including Kris Kristofferson and Sherbet. He eventually recorded his first album "And When Morning Comes" which received a respectable amount of good reviews.
During the late-70's through late-80's, Connors wrote songs that became big hits for Slim Dusty, John Denver and Jon English.
The-eighties.
Connors spent the first half of the 1980s writing songs based on truck driving which became hits for Slim Dusty such as ""I'm Married To My Bulldog Mack"" and ""Dieseline Dreams"".
By 1988, Graeme had recorded and released the breakthrough single ""A Little Further North"" to be featured on his first album on the Australian ABC Records label ""North"". Subsequent singles followed with the releases of ""Let The Canefields Burn"", ""Cyclone Season"", ""Sicilian Born"" and ""A Heartache (Or Two)"". ""North"" remains one of the best-selling Australian country albums of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="21464432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464432" title="David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research">
David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research

The David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research ( ; also referred to as the Koch Institute, KI, or CCR/KI) is a cancer research center affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. The Institute is one of eight National Cancer Institute-designated basic research centers in the United States.
The Institute was launched in October 2007 with a $100 million grant from David H. Koch and the research facility opened in December 2010, replacing the MIT Center for Cancer Research (CCR). The Institute is affiliated with 25 MIT faculty members in both the Schools of Engineering and Science.
History.
In 1974, the Center for Cancer Research was founded by 1969 Nobel Laureate Salvador Luria to study basic biological processes related to cancer. The Center researches the genetic and molecular basis of cancer, how alterations in cellular processes affect cell growth and behavior, and how the immune system develops and recognizes antigens. The CCR was both a physical research center as well as an organizing body for the larger MIT cancer research community of over 500 researchers. Financial support for the CCR primarily came from Center Core grant from the National Canter Institute as well as research project grants from the National Institutes of Health, Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and foundation support. The CCR research groups were successful in identifying oncogenes, immunology of T lymphocytes, and roles of various cellular proteins. The CCR produced four Nobel Laureates: David Baltimore (1975), Susumu Tonegawa (1987), Phillip Sharp (1993), and H. Robert Horvitz (2002).
In 2006, President Susan Hockfield announced plans for a new CCR center to support and expand cancer research performed by biologists and engineers. A $20 million grant was made by the Ludwig Fund in November 2007 to support a Center for Molecular Oncology to be administered by the CCR. In 2007, MIT announced it had received a $100 million gift from David H. Koch, the executive vice president of the oil conglomerate Koch Industries. Koch graduated from MIT with bachelors and masters degrees in chemical engineering and served on the university's board of directors since 1988. Koch survived a prostate cancer diagnosis in 1992, previously donated $25 million over ten years to MIT to support cancer research, and is the namesake of the university's biology building. Half of the gift will go towards construction of the estimated $240–$280 million facility and half will pay for research, on the condition that MIT builds the center even if fund raising falls short.
Mission.
The Koch Institute emphasizes basic research into how cancer is caused, progresses, and responds to treatment. Unlike many other NCI Cancer Centers, it will not provide medical care or conduct clinical research but it has partnered with oncology centers such as the Massachusetts General Hospital's Cancer Center. The Institute combines the existing faculty of the CCR with an equivalent number of engineering faculty to promote interdisciplinary approaches to diagnosing, monitoring, and treating cancer.
The Koch Institute has identified five areas of research that it believes are critical for controlling cancer: Developing nanotechnology-based cancer therapeutics, creating novel devices for cancer detection and monitoring, exploring the molecular and cellular basis of metastasis, advancing personalized medicine through analysis of cancer pathways and drug resistance, engineering the immune system to fight cancer.
Affiliates.
The Koch Institute is home to faculty members from various departments, including Biology, Chemistry, Mechanical Engineering, and Biological Engineering; more than 40 laboratories and 500 researchers across the campus. Koch Institute faculty teach classes at MIT, as well as train graduate and undergraduate students as well as postdoctoral fellows. The Koch Institute is affiliated with two current Nobel Laureates (Horvitz and Sharp), fifteen members of the National Academy of Sciences, one member of the National Academy of Engineering, six National Medal of Science laureates, and five Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigators, and one MacArthur Foundation Fellowship recipient.
Notable faculty members affiliated with the Koch Institute include:
Building.
The research facility is located on the corner of Main Street and Ames Street near Kendall Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The building is located opposite the Whitehead Institute and Broad Institute and near the biology and chemical engineering buildings on the north-eastern end of MIT's campus. MIT broke ground on Building 76 in March 2008, a topping-off ceremony was held in February 2009, and the building was dedicated on March 4, 2011.
The building was designed by Cambridge-based architecture firm Ellenzweig, which designed several other buildings on the MIT campus. Designed to encourage interaction and collaboration, the building employs both dedicated lab space as well as common areas, and features a ground-floor gallery exhibiting art and technical displays related to biomedical research. The building includes facilities for bioinformatics and computing, genomics, proteomics and flow cytometry, large-scale cell and animal facilities for genetic engineering and testing, advanced imaging equipment, and nanomaterials characterization labs.
Activity since 2007.
The KI remains funded by a NCI center grant as well as 110 fully funded projects. Research volume in 2007–2008 totaled $24.5 million. Notable grants include Mouse Models of Cancer Consortium, Integrative Cancer Biology Program, and the Centers for Excellence in Nanotechnology and Cancer.
In 2011, scientists at the Institute pinpointed a genetic change that makes lung cancer more likely to spread around the body and may help scientists develop new drugs to fight secondary tumors.

</doc>
<doc id="21464433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464433" title="Maratona dles Dolomites">
Maratona dles Dolomites

The Maratona dles Dolomites ("Dolomites Marathon"), is an annual single-day road bicycle race covering seven spectacular mountain passes in the Dolomites. Open to amateur cyclists, the Maratona—with 9,000 riders from over 40 nations—is one of the biggest Italian "Granfondo" bicycle races. "National Geographic" described it as ""one of the biggest, most passionate, and most chaotic bike races on Earth.""
History.
The first Maratona was held on July 12, 1987 as part of the tenth anniversary celebrations of the Alta Badia-Raiffeisen Cycling Club [http://www.rodesvalbadia.org]. 166 riders raced in this first event covering 175 km and 7 passes in the Dolomites.
In 1989 the race had to be abandoned because of heavy snowfalls on the ascent to Giau Pass. But since then the number of people who would like to ride the Maratona has increased exponentially. In 2004 the number of participants had to be limited to 9,000 riders and lotteries were introduced to draw participants. For the 2012 edition 29,100 people registered to take part in that year’s lottery, which will allocate 4,800 entries. A further 4,200 entries are reserved for official tour operators, fidelity Members of the Maratona, and charity racers bringing the final tally of participants to 9,000 persons.
The race.
The race is actually divided into three courses of varying difficulty: the Sellaronda course, the Middle course and the Maratona course. All riders start at 6:30am in the village of La Ila and complete the four pass Sellaronda course first. After completing the Sellaronda course riders can either choose to finish the race or proceed directly onwards with the Middle course. As the Maratona course is an extension of the preceding shorter Middle course, riders wishing to tackle the full Maratona dles Dolomites have to proceed with the Middle course. All three courses lead the riders through the Dolomite mountains around the Sella Group and over roads, where legendary rides by great champions of the Giro d'Italia have taken place. The roads are lined with tens of thousands of cheering spectators and the entire event is broadcast live on Italian national broadcaster RAI.
Along the courses seven refreshment stations are manned by volunteers, where riders can strengthen themselves with foods and drinks, varying from sports drink to coffee to Strudel or Speck sandwiches.
Riders' Week.
The week prior to the Maratona is an event in itself called "Riders' Week". Group rides, training rides, cycling events, and parties are organized and held daily. Most racers therefore spend the entire week preceding the Maratona in the Val Badia.
The courses.
Sellaronda course.
The Sellaronda course starts in the village of La Ila and finishes in the village of Corvara. The course goes clockwise around the Sella mountain group. Four passes must be surmounted to finish the course.
After the start the course follows the main road through the Val Badia to the village of Corvara. The ascent to Campolongo Pass begins immediately behind the village. After crossing Campolongo Pass the course descends to the village of Arabba in the Fodom valley; from there it climbs to the Pordoi Pass and then descends into the Fassa valley. There the climb to the Sella Pass begins, from which the riders descend into Gardena valley. The last pass the Sellaronda course traverses is the Gardena Pass. From it the course begins its final descent towards the finish at Corvara.
Middle course.
The Middle course follows immediately after the Sellaronda course. Riders wishing to tackle it, do not stop after the Sellaronda's finish line, but directly proceed to ascend Campolongo Pass a second time. In Arabba the middle course deviates from the earlier course and follows the road out of the Fodom valley to the village of Cernadoi. Here the course splits: rider choosing to do the entire Maratona proceed to the village of Colle Santa Lucia, while the remaining riders begin the ascend to the Falzarego Pass. At the top of the pass riders climb further 80m to reach the Valparola Pass. From there the road descends to the village of San Ćiascian and passing through La Ila reaches the finishing line in Corvara.
Maratona course.
Riders who have chosen to do the Maratona course split off from the Middle course in the village of Cernadoi. The Maratona dles Dolomites proceeds from there to the village and uncategorised climb of the Colle Santa Lucia, after which the steepest of all climbs begins: the climb to Giau Pass. From Giau Pass the road goes down to Pocol, from where the course rises to the Falzarego Pass. There it reunites with the Middle course and having crossed Valparola Pass follows the same road through San Ćiascian and La Ila to the finish line in Corvara.
Recent Results.
Maratona dles Dolomites - Enel 2011 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2010 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2009 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2008 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2007 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2006 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2005 - Results
Maratona dles Dolomites 2004 - Results

</doc>
<doc id="21464447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464447" title="Yemisi Ransome-Kuti">
Yemisi Ransome-Kuti

Yemisi Ransome-Kuti is the only child of Azariah Olusegun Ransome-Kuti MBE (who was appointed Chief Pharmacist for the Federation of Nigeria in 1956 until retirement from federal Medical Service; in 1951, he was appointed Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by King George VI). She is also the granddaughter of the Late Rev. Canon Josiah Jessey Ransome-Kuti. Her aunt Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti was a foremost feminist in Nigeria as well as the first woman in Nigeria to drive a car, and was also part of the delegation to negotiate independence for the country from the British.
Yemisi Ransome-Kuti is cousin to Fela Kuti, Olikoye Kuti, Beko Ransome-Kuti and Africa's first Nobel Prize-winner Wole Soyinka, whose mother was a Ransome-Kuti. She has four children: Segun Bucknor by her first husband, the late Naval Capt Frederick Oluwole Bucknor, and three by her second husband, Dr Kunle Soyemi - Bola Soyemi, Seun Soyemi and Eniola Soyemi.
With Fela Kuti, Beko Kuti and Koye Kuti all dead, Yemisi is now seventh in line to head the Ransome-Kuti family. Mrs Tinuola Aina, sister to Wole Soyinka, is the current head of the family.
Yemisi Ransome-Kuti is the recently retired chairman and founder of the Nigerian Network of Non-Governmental Organizations (NNNGO). The first organization of its kind in Nigeria to bring together civil society organization, it has worked since its formation 1992 to effect a harmonized agenda for third-sector development and its influence in the national framework. 
In the early 1990s, she established "Girl Watch"; an organization aimed at educating young Nigerian girls from poor backgrounds. In 2006, she was appointed a Civil Society advisor to the World Bank. Yemisi Ransome-Kuti was one of those leading the charge in working for Nigeria to meet its millennium development goals and eradicate poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="21464455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464455" title="Engine stand">
Engine stand

An engine stand is a tool commonly used to repair large heavy gasoline or diesel engines. It uses a heavy cantilevered support structure to hold the engine in midair so that the mechanic has access to any exposed surface of the engine.
While small single-piston engines can commonly be laid on a table for repair, a large engine is normally meant to be supported from its engine mounts or from the flywheel transmission case mounts, and fragile components such as oil pans and valve covers would be crushed if the large engine were placed on a flat surface.
Engine stands are typically mounted on large casters so than an engine can be moved around the shop to different test and repair stations, and the engine can often be rotated in midair to provide easier access to underside surfaces of the engine.
The engine stand is commonly used in combination with the engine crane to remove or install an engine in a vehicle, break in that engine, and perform repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21464458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464458" title="Astartea fascicularis">
Astartea fascicularis

Astartea fascicularis is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae. It is endemic to southwestern Western Australia, where it is widespread in the Recherche Archipelago and present on the mainland in Cape Le Grand National Park. Its common name is Recherche astartea.
This species is a shrub usually reaching up to 1.5 metres tall at windy sites and about 3 metres in maximum height in sheltered areas. It may have single or multiple stems and may layer. New stems are reddish in colour and ridged or winged. Older stems are grey, developing reddish and grey stripes, and more deeply ridged. The leaves are often arranged in fascicles. The leaf blades may be as thick or thicker than they are wide, and reach 1.2 centimetres long. The flowers are paired along the branches. The petals are usually white, or sometimes pale pink. The flower contains clusters of several stamens and usually a few staminodes. The fruit capsule is 2 or 3 millimetres long.
This shrub grows on granite substrates. It occurs in exposed coastal habitat and more protected inland scrubs.

</doc>
<doc id="21464462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464462" title="Samuel Lisle">
Samuel Lisle

Reverend Samuel Lisle FRS (1683 – 3 Oct 1749) was an English academic and bishop.
Life.
he was born in Blandford, Dorset.
He graduated M.A. at Wadham College, Oxford in 1706, and was ordained in 1707.
He was chaplain to the Levant Company from 1710 to 1719. On his return he advocated for a better Bible translation in Arabic. He was rector of Tooting in 1720. He became Archdeacon of Canterbury in 1724 and Warden of Wadham College, Oxford, in 1739. He was also rector of St Mary-le-Bow, from 1721 to 1744; and rector of Northall, from 1729. He was Bishop of St Asaph, in 1744, and the Bishop of Norwich, in 1748.
He died in London and was buried at St Mary the Virgin, Northolt, Middlesex.
Works.
He collected inscriptions during his Levant chaplaincy, and they were printed in the "Antiquitates Asiaticae" of Edmund Chishull (1728).

</doc>
<doc id="21464471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464471" title="Kiskatinaw">
Kiskatinaw

Kiskatinaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21464487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464487" title="Franco Navarro, Jr.">
Franco Navarro, Jr.

Franco Enrique Navarro Mandayo (born 24 October 1990) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a striker for Alianza Lima in the Torneo Descentralizado. He was born in Santa Fe, Argentina and is the son of Franco Navarro.
Club career.
Franco Navarro Manadayo started playing with Academia Tito Drago in 2003. Between 2005 and 2007 he was part of Universidad San Martín de Porres's youth teams. He then joined Cienciano's youth squad. He made his debut in the Torneo Descentralizado with Cienciano in 2008.
He transferred to Sporting Cristal for the 2009 season but was released soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="21464507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464507" title="French Boxing Federation">
French Boxing Federation

The French Boxing Federation () is the governing body of amateur boxing in France.

</doc>
<doc id="21464510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464510" title="World Basic Information Library">
World Basic Information Library

The World Basic Information Library (WBIL) is a joint United States Army and United States Navy program, which allows Reserve Component (RC) personnel of all United States Armed Forces branches to participate in contributing Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) information in accordance with tasking requirements from the United States Department of Defense (DoD) and the United States Intelligence Community (IC). The program is administered by the Foreign Military Studies Office (FMSO), located at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. In order for RC personnel to be eligible to participate in the WBIL program, they must first attend a one-week training course at the FMSO taught by its Training and Education Team. The training phase of the WBIL program falls under the authority of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC).
Vision.
The vision for the World Basic Information Library is to be the premiere open source collection and analytical tool for the Intelligence Community. The vision for the Joint Reserve Virtual Organization’s (JRVO) Virtual Reserve Teams (VRT) is to be the premier organization for peacetime utilization of RC personnel in exploitation of open source intelligence.
History.
The WBIL program was first envisioned in 1996 as a means to more efficiently utilize the civilian skills of RC personnel. The program was officially launched in 1997. The primary focus of the program was originally on Individual Ready Reserve personnel of the RC by allowing unit members to work remotely and accrue points towards retirement, while supporting IC and DoD requirements. WBIL participants are not required to have security clearances to perform their collection activities. The IC and the DoD benefit from this because WBIL participants support low-level IC and DoD mission tasking, thus allowing fully cleared personnel to concentrate on high-level, mission critical tasking.
Mission.
The mission of the WBIL project is to collect, research and catalogue open source information documents in support of validated intelligence community and DoD requirements. This includes OSINT research and translation tasking as mission requirements dictate. The WBIL is a "virtual research library" built upon the basic information requirements of the IC and military planners. The WBIL constitutes the central data base resource under the FMSO's Open Source Information System (OSIS).
Since the WBIL's 1997 inception as a pilot project focused on Africa, it has grown extensively to include authoritative Open Source materials for selected countries worldwide as well as a broad range of transnational security topics. In the wake of the September 11 attacks attacks on the United States, materials focusing on post-attack information requirements have been intensively added.
The intent of the WBIL is to provide analysts with selected "best sources" of information as chosen and collected by regional and functional specialists in accordance with stated IC requirements. This material seeks to answer basic questions about the military, political, economic, and infrastructure dimensions of a country, and focuses on emerging threat issues falling under six categories:
Operation.
Upon completion the WBIL training course, participating RC personnel receive a software package from the WBIL administrators and access to a virtual private network (VPN) enabling eligible participants to submit information to the OSIS network. Information uploaded to the OSIS network is replicated on the Secure Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet) and the Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System (JWICS).
Provided authorized participants in the WBIL program have access to the Internet, work for the WBIL may be completed at a member’s home, place of employment, Reserve Center, or at a Joint Reserve Intelligence Center (JRIC).
WBIL personnel are assigned to a Virtual Team. Each Virtual Team has responsibility for collection of open source documents for a specific region, country or emerging threat issue. Each Virtual Team is led and managed by a Virtual Team Leader (VTL). Generally, Virtual Team Leaders are selected for their subject matter expertise of the designated region or emerging threat issue. Additionally, the VTL’s have demonstrated a commitment to the WBIL project and an understanding of the mission and procedures for the collection of source documents.
Awards and recognition.
The WBIL project administrators monitor participant progress to recognize and award superior performance and service. A Certificate of Achievement will be presented to each member upon completion of their first 100 entries and 500 entries into the WBIL library. For Superior collection and production achievement, performance and service will be recognized by the U.S. Army award system administered by the Combined Arms Center, Ft Leavenworth, KS. The Commander of the Combined Arms Center has authority for approval of the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Commendation Medal and the Meritorious Service Medal. Other awards must be approved by the Commander, US Army Training and Doctrine Command.
All personnel are eligible for awards and recognition and may recommend a member of the WBIL project, although the Virtual Team Leader is expected, as the principal supervisor, to recommend members of their team for recognition. WBIL Project participants are also eligible for recommendation and receipt of their own military service’s awards in accordance with those service’s regulations. The WBIL JRVO leadership will support recommendations for individual service awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21464520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464520" title="Suzuki DR-Z 125">
Suzuki DR-Z 125

The Suzuki DR-Z 125 is a dirt bike manufactured by Suzuki as part of the Suzuki DR-Z Series from 2003 to 2009. It was also sold as the Kawasaki KLX-125 from 2003 to 2006. Most major parts are interchangeable between both early Kawasaki and Suzuki models as the Kawasaki is simply a rebranded DR-Z 125. Latter Suzuki models feature slightly different body panels which will not fit directly on earlier models. All models are intended for off-road trail use, weighing and their top speed is about . Although the target audience for the motorcycle is the youth and small adult market, it is also available in "L" version which feature larger front and back wheels and sprockets, designed to accommodate larger adult riders. The "L" version is also equipped with hydraulic disc brakes in the front.

</doc>
<doc id="21464535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464535" title="New Boston, Iowa">
New Boston, Iowa

New Boston is an unincorporated community in central Lee County, Iowa, United States. It lies along U.S. Highway 218 southwest of the city of Fort Madison, the county seat of Lee County. Although New Boston is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 52619. The community is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area. There are no commercial establishments in New Boston, although this is the home of the New Boston Mennonite Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21464566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464566" title="Here Comes Goodbye">
Here Comes Goodbye

"Here Comes Goodbye" is a song written by "American Idol" season 6 finalist Chris Sligh and Clint Lagerberg, and recorded by American country pop group Rascal Flatts, who released it in January 2009 as their twenty-third single, and the first from their album "Unstoppable". This song debuted at number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts dated for February 7, 2009 and became their tenth number one on the chart dated April 25, 2009.
Content.
"Here Comes Goodbye" was written by Chris Sligh, a finalist on the sixth season of the talent competition "American Idol", along with Clint Lagerberg. The song is a power ballad beginning with piano accompaniment. The lyric explains the male narrator's realization that his lover is about to leave him. A string section and electric guitar accompaniment backs the song from the second verse onward, and an electric guitar solo precedes the bridge.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Shaun Silva. The video features a family visiting a graveyard of a lost father. The man is accompanied by a small boy, waiting to take him to heaven, who is revealed to be the daughter's son, whose grave is side by side with her father's. Throughout the video, the band's members are shown singing the song in a snowy backdrop. The video was voted #38 on GAC's Top 50 Videos of the Year list.
History.
Lagerberg came up with the opening line "I can hear the truck tires coming up the gravel road" after thinking about his childhood home in Maine, which had a long gravel driveway. Sligh then decided to take the line and make it into a song where "something's coming, and it's not good." The opening piano melody came from a melody that Sligh played when Lagerberg was checking on Sligh's daughter, and decided to use it because they thought that it would capture the listener's attention.
Critical reception.
The song has received mixed reviews from music critics. Jim Malec of The 9513 gave it a "thumbs down" rating. His review criticized it for having an overly dramatic production in contrast to its underdeveloped lyrics, which he thought made the song sound awkward. He referred to lead singer Gary LeVox' vocals as "atypically restrained" and "richer and considerably less whiney than usual" in the first verse, but said that, as the song progressed, his delivery became "hilarious in its urgency." Blake Boldt of Country Universe gave it a C rating. Boldt also thought that LeVox "gracefully handlethe first verse but "tumbl[ed into operatic tendencies toward the end." He also considered it a "copycat" of the band's 2006 single "What Hurts the Most".
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave a more favorable review. Although he referred to the song's structure as a "well-worn power ballad path", he considered LeVox' performance "nuanced" and overall thought that the song was "better than anything on the trio's previous album, "Still Feels Good"."
In 2010, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for "Best Country Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals."
Aaron Kelly covered the song in the top 24 round of the ninth season of "American Idol".
Chart performance.
Rascal Flatts released "Here Comes Goodbye" to radio on January 20, 2009. It is the group's twenty-third single release overall, and the lead-off single to their sixth studio album, "Unstoppable". The song debuted at number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts dated for February 7, 2009 and reached number 1 on the chart dated April 25, 2009. To claim the top spot, "Here Comes Goodbye" jumped 6-1, the biggest climb to Number One since Taylor Swift sent "Our Song" 6-1 on the chart dated December 22, 2007. "Here Comes Goodbye" is also the group's tenth Number One.

</doc>
<doc id="21464567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464567" title="Caleb Stegall">
Caleb Stegall

Caleb Stegall is an American attorney and writer residing in Perry, Kansas. He has served as the District attorney for Jefferson County, Kansas and is currently Chief Counsel to Kansas Governor Sam Brownback. He is a proponent of traditionalist conservatism.
Background.
Born in Topeka, Stegall is a lifelong resident of Douglas and Jefferson Counties in northeast Kansas.
Law practice.
At the time of his appointment by Brownback, the Kansas Democratic Party issued a release criticizing Brownback for the appointment. He represented the State of Kansas in litigation with environmentalists over the permitting of coal-fired power plants. Stegall represented eight American missionaries detained in Haiti following the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In 2008 he successfully defended the former executive director of the Kansas Republican Party in a dispute over Kansas campaign finance rules. In 2007 he was the lead counsel in the Kansas Supreme Court trial of former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline. In 2008, Stegall represented a group of residents opposed public financing of casino operations in Kansas City, Kansas. 
In 2008 he represented a church that challenged local regulations on the church's operations as a homeless shelter. In 2009 he represented a teacher who claimed he had not been rehired because of his conservative political beliefs. As district attorney, he filed charges in 2009 against a county commissioner charged with theft by deception. and in 2010 was involved with a federal and state investigation of a distributor of "ethnobotanicals" who was accused of selling a synthetic cannabis.
He has worked as a counsel for Americans for Prosperity.
Politics.
Stegall has been identified as an advocate for traditionalist conservatism and a "prairie populist". In 2004 he was profiled on the front page of the New York Times as one of a young generation of conservatives questioning GOP orthodoxy. On January 12, 2009, Stegall began his first term as Jefferson County District Attorney. He has been characterized by the popular and politically left publication Firedoglake as a "rising political star" of the right, has been suggested as a possible candidate for U.S. Senate, and has been described as representing a new path for the GOP in the post-Bush years.
Religion.
Stegall is a ruling elder in the Evangelical Presbyterian Church. He has been described as a "lifelong conservative Presbyterian," whose faith and life is "strongly countercultural to mainstream Evangelicalism," although he still identifies himself as an evangelical. Stegall and his wife Ann homeschool their children.
Writings.
In 2003, Stegall created and founded, with others, an online journal of religion, politics, and culture called "The New Pantagruel". In 2006, Stegall and "The New Pantagruel" were featured in Rod Dreher's book, Crunchy Cons, as leaders in the resurgence of traditionalist conservatism. Though "The New Pantagruel" was discontinued at the end of 2006, Stegall's writing continues to appear in conservative papers, magazines, and journals including "National Review Online", "Christianity Today", "The Intercollegiate Review", "The American Conservative", "Taki's Magazine", and "Touchstone Magazine". Stegall authors a semi-regular column on Kansas politics for the independent publication "Kansas Liberty".
Stegall has authored chapters in several books, including the chapter on "Community" in thebook "". 

</doc>
<doc id="21464578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464578" title="Pavel Tregubov">
Pavel Tregubov

Pavel Tregubov (; born 21 December 1971) is a Russian chess Grandmaster and Deputy Treasurer of the Association of Chess Professionals.
He won the European Individual Chess Championship 2000 in Saint-Vincent with 8 points out of 11 games. He is also the winner of the 4th Pivdenny Bank Chess Cup. In October 2011 he tied for 3rd–15th in the open section of the 15th Corsican Circuit.
Tregubov is one of the major practitioners of the Sicilian Taimanov Variation. 
On the March 2010 FIDE Elo rating list, he has a rating of 2625.

</doc>
<doc id="21464580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464580" title="Ippolito's Italian Restaurant">
Ippolito's Italian Restaurant

Ippolito's is a chain of six family-style Italian restaurants located throughout the Atlanta, Georgia metro area. The chain was established in 1989 by Connecticut natives George and Toni Ippolito.
History.
Ippolito's is a casual family-style Italian restaurant located on the outskirts of Atlanta that first opened its doors to the public in May 1989 by a couple originally from Connecticut, George and Toni Ippolito. The first restaurant opened was located in Roswell, Georgia on Holcomb Bridge Road. The owners describe the cuisine as "authentic Italian". After 5 years of serving George and Toni Ippolito expanded their business by opening a restaurant in 1993 in Sandy Springs and another shortly after that in 1994 in the rapidly growing Alpharetta area. Two years later, location number four was opened in Kennesaw located across from Town Center at Cobb on Barrett Parkway. In 2000, once again a new location was opened off Windward Parkway in Alpharetta and finally the sixth restaurant is off Cobb Parkway in Atlanta. After 15 years in its original location, the Roswell store was relocated a mile down the street into a free standing building. The owners also moved the third store in Alpharetta, to Norcross in 2006 and the Lawrenceville-Suwanee location in 2007 to downtown Suwanee where they now have a private party room to accommodate 75 customers. In 2011, Ippolito's opened its seventh location.
Menu.
Ippolito's sells traditional and contemporary Italian dishes served in "family-style" portions. The menu features garlic rolls, pizza, award-winning calzones, and homemade tomato and marinara sauces. Chicken Francaise is a specialty, along with "The Pepe," an appetizer, original to the restaurant, which is made up of spicy Italian sausage baked in dough with a honey finish. Since 1989 the menu has had many additions, including low-carb, no-pasta dishes. The price of a check is moderate averaging around $25.
Atmosphere.
To get the real Italian restaurant feel they decorated with red and white checkered tablecloths, dimmed lights, and stucco and brick walls along with an opening into the pizza area where customers can watch the pizzas being made and placed into the large brick oven. Ippolito's play the sounds of Frank Sinatra throughout the restaurant to keep the mood fun. The walls are covered from head to toe in photos of the family, staff, and customers all adding to the home-away-from-home environment. Many of the restaurants are located in high-traffic strip malls, but still contain a homey, yet romantic atmosphere on the inside. Most locations seat around 130 people in the dining room and for those stores with a patio, usually sit around 40 people.
Owners.
Each restaurant is a family-owned establishment by five other men who are all partners at specific locations alongside George and Toni Ippolito. Frank Genovese and Dan Smith are partners at the Norcross location, Brian Mackey and Jeff Reed are partners at the Windward Parkway location, and Dick Cunningham is a partner at the Suwanee location. As for the rest of the stores George and Toni Ippolito own them.
The Bocce Room.
The Bocce Room is a new addition to the Roswell stores' relocated building. It is a private dining room for parties and receptions holding up to 112 people for a seated dinner or 120 people for a reception. Ippolito's offers a variety of menus to choose from and the option to have it stationary or butler style service.
Awards.
In 2007 Ippolito's was awarded the 2nd Best Italian Restaurant by the Atlanta-Jezebel Magazine. In the same year it was also named the 36th Best Overall Restaurant in the Atlanta Metro Area by Jezebel Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21464581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464581" title="Christopher Walls">
Christopher Walls

Christopher Stephen Walls (born 3 August 1952) is a diver who participated in the Individual Springboard event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="21464582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464582" title="List of compositions by Lukas Foss">
List of compositions by Lukas Foss

The early works of Lukas Foss are neoclassical in style, using controlled improvisation and chance procedures with the twelve-tone technique and serialism, while his later works are polystylistic.
Piano.
Foss's solo piano music forms a relatively small part of his composition output. Still, it demonstrates, as a whole, his lighter, neoclassical stylistic practice and associated techniques. This repertoire spans a 50-year period from 1938 to 1988 and includes:
The piece that stands apart from this largely neoclassical repertoire is "Solo" (1981), a hybrid minimalist and twelve-tone work employing as a guiding technical principle the gradual transformation of several pitch collections. At the conclusion of "Solo", these pitch collections change from serial to tonal, effecting a remarkable surprise.
The world-premiere recording of Foss's complete extant piano works was released in 2002 by the Sonatabop.com recording label based in Milwaukee. This recording was completed in honor of Foss's 80th birthday; the project was conceived by pianist Daniel Beliavsky (b. 1978), who in collaboration with producers Donald Sipe (the owner and head of Sonatabop.com as well as Omicronarts.com) and Yuri Beliavsky recorded the repertoire in the summer of 2002. Naxos's release of Foss's complete piano works dates from early 2005, over two years after Sonatabop's recording. Despite this chronology, Naxos inserted a false claim into the CD materials that its release is the first. Several reviews make note of this discrepancy, including one by John France on the British music site MusicWeb-International, and one by Peter Grahame Woolf on another British site, Musical Pointers.

</doc>
<doc id="21464595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464595" title="Canadian Society of Association Executives">
Canadian Society of Association Executives

The Canadian Society of Association Executives (CSAE) is a not-for-profit professional membership organization for association executives in Canada and across the globe. There are two types of membership: Executive and Business. Executive members are individuals working in the not-for-profit sector. Business members are individuals representing organizations that offer products and services to the not-for-profit sector.
History.
The organization was founded on June 8, 1951 by six trade association executives and was originally named the Institute of Canadian Trade Association Executives (ICTAE). The Institute changed its name to the Institute of Association Executives (IAE) in 1956. On October 18, 1962, the Institution was incorporated under federal charter. In 1987, the association changed its name to the Canadian Society of Association Executives (CSAE). 
CSAE is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario
Resources.
CSAE's resources include articles, books and the Association Magazine for information on current trends in the not-for-profit sector. They also offer professional development for association executives through events and the Certified Association Executive (CAE) Program. 

</doc>
<doc id="21464617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464617" title="Tabula Banalis">
Tabula Banalis

The Tabula Banalis () was the supreme court of Croatia. It was established by Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor in 1723. The court was presided over by the Ban of Croatia or by his deputy. For more important trials it was the first instance court, and served as the court of appeal for verdicts of the Comitatus of Hungary.
It ceased its activities in 1850 when it was replaced with the Land Court, later the Royal Court Table, Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="21464647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464647" title="Basic Latin alphabet">
Basic Latin alphabet

The term basic Latin alphabet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21464695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464695" title="Eddie Scharer">
Eddie Scharer

Edward Scharer (January 26, 1902 - May 5, 1989) was a professional football player from Toledo, Ohio. He attended and played his college football at the University of Notre Dame and University of Detroit Mercy. While at Notre Dame, Scharer caused a rift between the college's president, Father Charles L. O'Donnell and Knute Rockne. In 1925 O'Donnell expelled Scharer from Notre Dame, for "breaches of discipline". This led to a protest by Scharer's sponsor, Bill Hayes, a contractor from Saint Louis. Rockne then argued on Scharer's behalf for months to O'Donnell. Finally Scharer was allowed to play for the 1925 season.
Scharer then played in the National Football League with the Detroit Panthers in 1926, the Pottsville Maroons in 1927 and the Detroit Wolverines in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21464739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464739" title="Rich Woman">
Rich Woman

Rich Woman is a song written by Dorothy LaBostrie and McKinley Millet and most notably recorded by Robert Plant & Alison Krauss on their 2007 album "Raising Sand".
It won the 2009 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals. The single was also prominently featured in the motion picture, "Mad Money", starring Diane Keaton, Katie Holmes and Queen Latifah.
The song was first recorded by Li'l Millet and his Creoles in 1955, for Specialty Records and was also featured on Canned Heat's eponymous first album.
Live performances.
Plant & Krauss performed this song along with their first single "Gone, Gone, Gone (Done Moved On)" at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards in 2009. They also performed this song at the JazzFest 2008.
Chart performance.
The song entered the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at #18 on the week of February 28, 2009. It only stayed in the chart for a week.

</doc>
<doc id="21464754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464754" title="William H. Osborn">
William H. Osborn

William Henry Osborn (December 21, 1820 – March 2, 1894) was a 19th Century railroad tycoon. Born and educated in Salem, Massachusetts, Osborn became one of the most prominent railroad leaders in the United States.
After several years working in business in the Philippines, Osborn took an interest in the Illinois Central Railroad in 1854. The Illinois Central, the first land grant railroad in the United States, was on the verge of bankruptcy in the wake of a stock scandal. A year after joining the railroad's Board of Directors, he was elected president, a position he held from December 1, 1855 to July 11, 1865.
Osborn became interested in the Chicago, St. Louis and New Orleans Railroad and guided the railroad from difficult economic times to profitability between 1875–1882. He retired from the railroad business in 1882 to concentrate on philanthropy near his home in Garrison, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21464761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464761" title="Abbeyview">
Abbeyview

Abbeyview is a housing estate in the town of Dunfermline in the Kingdom of Fife, Scotland. It is situated in the east of the town, approximately 2 miles from the town centre. Most of the streets in the area are named after Scottish rivers and islands.
Amenities.
Shopping.
There is a small shopping area around Abbey View, Allan Crescent, and Duncan Crescent, in the centre of the estate. It is home to newsagents, take-aways, and hairdressers. The nearest supermarkets are in the Duloch suburb. This area is home to both Aldi and Tesco supermarkets.
Schools.
Lynburn Primary School is located on Nith Street near the centre of the estate, its catchment covers most of the area. Pitcorthie Primary School is located on Aberdour Road to the south of the estate, it caters for the eastern part of the estate. Woodmill High School is on Shields Road in the north of the estate. It serves the east of Dunfermline, as well as the coastal villages of Charleston, Limekilns, and North Queensferry. St. Columba's R.C. High School, Dunfermline is just outside the estate on Woodmill Road. It is a Roman Catholic school serving the western half of Fife.
Recreation.
Next to the shopping district, surrounded by Allan and Duncan Crescents, is a large green area with artificial playing fields and children's play areas. Woodmill High School's community use also has many clubs on offer.
Transport.
Buses.
The estate is served by four of Dunfermline's five city services, operated by Stagecoach in Fife. The D5 is a circular service from the city centre via Touch and back to the city centre via Brucefield and runs every 20 minutes. The D6 operates in the opposite direction, from the city centre via Brucefield and back to the city centre via Touch. This service also runs every 20 minutes, giving a combined frequency of every 10 minutes. The D7 runs alternately to either Fife Leisure Park in Duloch or to North Queensferry. It operates from Townhill to the city centre then west to east through the estate's main shopping area, at a frequency of every 15 minutes. The D8 service operates via a one way loop in Abbeyview to Queen Margaret Hospital every hour.
Rail.
The nearest railway station is Dunfermline Town railway station to the east of the city centre which can easily be reached by the buses running to the city centre. The second station is Dunfermline Queen Margaret station situated near Queen Margaret Hospital up from Touch.

</doc>
<doc id="21464764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464764" title="John Wild (priest)">
John Wild (priest)

The Very Revd. John Herbert Severn Wild (1904–1992) was Dean of Durham and Master of University College, University of Oxford.
J. H. S. Wild was an undergraduate at Brasenose College, Oxford (1923–27) where he studied Greats. He became an assistant curate in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Wild was then a Chaplain Fellow of University College from 1933–1945, before becoming Master. He was the only clerical Master of University College during the 20th century and was not a noted academic.
In 1951, he was selected to be Dean at Durham Cathedral. He succeeded Cyril Alington, whose eldest son, Giles Alington, was a Fellow at University College from 1944 to 1956, including while Wild was Master. Wild later became Dean Emeritus.
He was married to Margaret Elizabeth Everard Wild (née Wainwright), who died on 21 October 2008 at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="21464772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464772" title="Verruciform xanthoma">
Verruciform xanthoma

Verruciform xanthoma is an uncommon benign lesion that has a verruciform (wart-like) appearance, but it may appear polypoid, papillomatous, or sessile. Usually found on the oral mucosa of middle-aged persons, verruciform xanthomas have also been reported on the scrotum and penis of middle-aged to elderly Japanese males. While the most common site is the oral mucosa, lesions that occur elsewhere usually arise on the perineum or on the skin with some predisposing factor, such as lymphedema or an epidermal nevus.
Histology.
A distinguishing feature of verruciform xanthoma is the presence of large numbers of lipid-laden foamy histiocytes in the lesion, and essentially limited to, the connective tissue papillae in the lesion. The lesions are solitary, raised, or polypoid with cup-shaped craters filled with parakeratotic cells that blend into keratinocytes of an acanthotic and papillomatous epidermis. There is a neutrophilic infiltrate of varying intensity between plump parakeratotic cells and keratinocytes, near the surface of the epidermis.
Etiology.
Verruciform xanthoma is most likely not a human papillomavirus associated lesion and the foam cells in the lesions are most likely derived from the monocyte—macrophage lineage. More research is needed is determine the etiology.
Epidemiology.
Verruciform xanthoma is uncommon, with a female:male ratio of 1:1.1
Symptoms.
The most common location by far is the gingival margin and other areas of the masticatory oral mucosa, these occur more frequently in the fifth decade of life, and have good prognosis, the treatment of choice for oral VXs is surgical excision, and recurrence is rare.
The condition can affect other organs of body, such as the penis, vulva, and can occur in anal region, nose, the ear, lower extremity, scrotum.
Differential diagnosis.
Differential diagnosis includes seborrheic keratosis, verruca simplex, condyloma acuminatum, granular cell myoblastoma, vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia, bowenoid papulosis, erythroplasia of Queyrat, and verrucous carcinoma
Treatment.
Surgical excision is the treatment of choice.

</doc>
<doc id="21464794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464794" title="James Antonio">
James Antonio

James F. Antonio (born June 30, 1939) served as state auditor of the U.S. state of Missouri. A Republican from Cole County, he served from 1978 until his resignation in mid-1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21464804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464804" title="Scandinavian Heritage Park">
Scandinavian Heritage Park

Scandinavian Heritage Park is a park located in the Upper Brooklyn neighborhood of Minot, North Dakota. Scandinavian Heritage Park features remembrances and replicas from each of the Scandinavian countries: Sweden, Norway and Denmark, as well as Finland and Iceland. 
The park was established during 1988 to celebrate and preserve Scandinavian heritage. The first building was dedicated October 9, 1990. 
It is believed to be the only park in the world representing all five Nordic countries. The park is supported by the Scandinavian Heritage Association and Norsk Høstfest, both of which have offices at the park. The park is home to the annual Integrity Jazz Festival held in June.

</doc>
<doc id="21464810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464810" title="William Ward Armstrong">
William Ward Armstrong

William Ward Armstrong is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist. He earned his Ph.D. from the University of British Columbia in 1966 and is most known as the originator Armstrong's axioms of dependency in a Relational database.

</doc>
<doc id="21464814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464814" title="Independent Operational Group Silesia">
Independent Operational Group Silesia

Independent Operational Group Silesia (Polish: Samodzielna Grupa Operacyjna Śląsk, SGO Śląsk) was an Operational Group of the Polish Army, created in September 1938 to annex Zaolzie from Czechoslovakia. 
History.
The Group was commanded by General Władysław Bortnowski and comprised several Army units and five air squadrons. Altogether, 35,966 Polish officers and soldiers participated in the annexation of Zaolzie. 
The Group comprised mostly units of the 4th Infantry Division, as well as regiments of the 14th Infantry Division, 15th Infantry Division, 16th Infantry Division, 23rd Infantry Division, 25th Infantry Division, and 21st Mountain Infantry Division. Additionally, a cavalry regiment was created, comprising units of the Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade and the Pomeranian Cavalry Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="21464844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464844" title="Severs">
Severs

Severs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21464865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464865" title="Hell's Half Acre (Wyoming)">
Hell's Half Acre (Wyoming)

Hell's Half Acre is a large scarp located about west of Casper, Wyoming on US 20/26. Encompassing , this geologic oddity is composed of deep ravines, caves, rock formations and hard-packed eroded earth. Hell's Half Acre was used as the location for the fictional planet of Klendathu in the movie "Starship Troopers".
The location was known as "The Devil's Kitchen", "The Pits of Hades", and "The Baby Grand Canyon" until a cowhand appeared and thought he was at Hell's Half Acre, an area southwest of Casper full of alkali and bogs.
Native American tribes used the ravines to drive bison to their death during their hunts.
As of December 2005, the roadside restaurant and motel/campground sitting atop the ravine were closed. The motel and the abandoned restaurant have since been torn down. The area is fenced off, but there is an interpretive sign west of the former restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="21464902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464902" title="Gilera DNA">
Gilera DNA

The Gilera DNA was a modern automatic motorcycle. 
Gilera produced it in 50cc, 125cc, and 180cc variants. While the DNA looked like a conventional motorbike, it featured the automatic 'twist and go' capabilities of a scooter along with electronic start and helmet storage space. Because the DNA handles like a motorbike it is often used for scooter racing, its large 14" wheels allow it to corner well at high speed. The helmet storage was in the 'dummy fuel tank' that sat in the place of a fuel tank. The actual 9 litre fuel tank is fitted inside the bike's body paneling and is filled through the 'dummy tank'. The 50cc bike was limited to a top speed of the 125 was capable of 72 mph (116 km/h), and 180cc topped out at 88 mph (142 km/h). . The 50cc engine is a 2-stroke, while the 125cc and 180cc models are 4-stroke, all are single cylinder. The RRP of a new DNA model was as follows:
In 2005 Gilera redesigned the Dna model which replaced the handlebars with a different design and featured a new colour scheme. This model is commonly referred to as the 'RST' model and is available in 'Grey stone' and 'Diamond White'.
This model was discontinued by Gilera and replaced by the Gilera Runner.

</doc>
<doc id="21464904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464904" title="Philip Poh">
Philip Poh

Philip Poh is a professor that developed the Singapore Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) in 1998. After a successful pilot survey, the Singapore PMI was launched in January 1999 and the index has become a barometer of the Singapore manufacturing economy. In 2002, government officials in China sought the advice of Professor Poh to develop the China PMI. Since then, the China PMI has also become an indicator of the global manufacturing economy.
Professor Poh is currently a chairman of the Singapore Institute of Purchasing and Materials Management (SIPMM), World Certification Institute, as well as the Vice-Chairman of World Supply Research Institute. Previous award recipients include Cabinet Ministers and a former President of the World Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="21464905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464905" title="Terence Lucy Greenidge">
Terence Lucy Greenidge

Terence Lucy Greenidge (14 January 1902 – 18 December 1970) was an English author and actor. He was a first generation Barbadian born in England and second son of Abel Hendy Jones Greenidge (who came up to study and remained at Oxford as an academic) and his wife Edith Elizabeth, the youngest daughter of William Lucy, at that time the sole owner of Lucy Ironworks, previously known as the Eagle Ironworks, in Walton Well Road, Jericho, Oxford. The Greenidge family trace their ancestry in Barbados to John of Greenwich who left London on 2 May 1635 on the ship Alexander. Within one generation the etymon, meaning "Green Port" or "Trading Place" (cf Norwich, Harwich and Ipswich in England) of the surname had assumed the distinctly West Indian orthographic format of Greenidge, whilst maintaining a very similar phenomic identity.
Greenidge was a friend of Evelyn Waugh, whom he met at Oxford, and collaborated with him in producing the "Scarlet Woman: An Ecclesiastical Melodrama". "Evelyn Waugh in Letters" (editor by Charles E. Linck) was published posthumously in 1994, which details many of Greenidge's recollections of Evelyn Waugh.
Early life.
Terence Greenidge's parents died within a year of each other in 1906/07 and the young Terence was brought up by his guardian/godfather, Dr Rev. Henry Herbert Williams, who went on to become Bishop of Carlisle between 1920 and 1947. Terence went to Dragon School in Oxford, before going up to Rugby School between 1915 and 1920.
He won a scholarship to Hertford College, Oxford where he read Classics and obtained a second in Honours Moderns and a second in Greats. The Trustee of his father’s will was the bursar at Hertford. At Oxford, he was one of the founding members of the Hypocrites Club and kept friends with Evelyn and Alec Waugh and introducing them to the club.
In the summer of 1924, Terence Greenidge, his brother John Greenidge, Evelyn Waugh, and John Sutro, the film producer whom Terence knew at Rugby School, contributed £5 each to purchase a cine-camera and started filming the "Scarlet Woman: An Ecclesiastical Melodrama", a collaboration that would only yield a small dividend, some forty-two years later, to John Sutro and Terence Greenidge, since by then his brother John Greenidge (October 1953) and Evelyn Waugh (April 1966) had died.
Written works.
"Brass and Paint", together with "The Magnificent", were among several books published by the Fortune Press to be seized by the police in 1934 and successfully prosecuted for obscene libel.
Acting career.
As well as being a playwright, Greenidge was an actor although he only played smaller roles on stage and television. He was still acting at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre at Stratford-on-Avon until three years before his death in 1970.
External links.
Full version and direction of "Scarlet Woman" see Evelyn Waugh Newsletter Vol3 No2 Autumn 1969 [http://www.abbotshill.freeserve.co.uk/EWN3-2.htm]
Biography [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0339160/]

</doc>
<doc id="21464922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464922" title="Laura White">
Laura White

Laura Jane Amanda White (born 31 August 1987) is an English singer/songwriter from Atherton in Bolton, Greater Manchester. She is best known for finishing in eighth place on the fifth series of "The X Factor" in 2008. In early 2010, White was the special guest of the Peter Andre tour.
White's debut single "You Should Have Known" was released and reached number two on the UK Indie Charts and reached number fourteen in the official iTunes chart. In 2011, White confirmed that her debut album would be released in 2013. In September 2013, White confirmed her debut extended play would be released, entitled "What My Mother Taught Me".
Early life.
White has been singing and playing the piano since she was a young girl. Despite never having had a professional singing lesson, White began singing in jazz bars at the age of 15 and played many festivals. White went to Fred Longworth High School in Tyldesley, the same school as actors Anthony Quinlan, Leah Hackett and Oliver Lee. She also studied A-Level /EnglishDrama at Wigan and Leigh College. Before "The X Factor", Laura was a creative writing student at The University of Bolton.
Music career.
2008–09: "The X Factor".
White auditioned for the 2008 series of "The X Factor" and reached the final live stages in the "Girls" category, mentored by Cheryl Cole. On the first live show White performed Alicia Keys' "Fallin'." White was the only act to receive a standing ovation from the judging panel for her dramatic and original rendition of the song. She received high praise from the judges, especially Simon Cowell, who said: "... that was outstanding. You have something very, very special. This is why I still like doing this show, in this country, so that you can discover people like you. You have a fantastic future, potentially, ahead of you young lady."
White progressed through to the next live show, Michael Jackson week, taking on "You Are Not Alone" with her powerhouse vocals, again distinguished by her jazzy and groovy style. In Big Band week, she displayed a more mature and soulful side with her performance of "God Bless the Child", for which she received another standing ovation. Judge Louis Walsh praised White's performance as "world class" and "better than Diana Ross's" version. The final word was from judge Cowell, who claimed "by any standard that I've ever heard, that was incredible." In the fourth live show, Disco week, she delivered her version of "Somebody Else's Guy." Judge Dannii Minogue commented, "You shouldn't be able to do that at your age... That was a really hard song... you made it effortless." White sang "Endless Love" by Lionel Richie and Diana Ross in Week 5, which would be her last. Simon Cowell noted that it was one of her weakest performances, and claimed that it didn't suit her image, but she was again praised by the other judges; Dannii Minogue, Louis Walsh, and her mentor, Cheryl Cole. Despite those accolades and being one of the favourites to win the competition, White was voted off the show by majority vote on 8 November, after finding herself in the bottom two and in a sing-off against Ruth Lorenzo.
2009–11: Post "The X Factor" and debut single.
White's elimination from "The X Factor" prompted a flurry of media attention and fan reaction. Many media commentators accused Walsh of using his casting vote to eliminate her from the competition and save Spanish singer Ruth Lorenzo because he felt that White posed a bigger threat to his boy band, JLS. Several newspapers and television personalities also put the blame firmly on Walsh, as he had the casting vote, even though Cowell and Minogue also voted against White. The issue was even mentioned in the Houses of Parliament by her local MP Andrew Burnham, the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, who was answering questions on repercussions from the Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross prank telephone calls on BBC Radio 2. Burnham commented that White's exit had been "very harsh".
R&B singer Mariah Carey, who had performed earlier on in the same results show that White was eliminated, also said after the end of X Factor, "Laura shouldn't have gone, it was quite a shock" Fans of White urged broadcasting watchdog Ofcom to investigate phone voting procedures on the show, complaining of a lack of transparency in the voting system and of difficulties in getting through to vote for White, some of them even calling for Walsh to be sacked. Organisers of two petitions, each with a total of 150,000 signatures, called for White's reinstatement. The complaint stated: "We write on behalf of 150,000 members of the public who have so far signed petitions of complaint. There is a body of evidence to suggest that there are major issues concerning telephone voting on the above programme. The main thrust of our complaint is that there is no transparency regarding the total number of votes and how many votes each contestant received. In addition many thousands of viewers are convinced that either their call was blocked or their vote misappropriated." The complaint was also backed by the founder of a website selling songs White recorded before she entered the competition. Two of these songs became top-selling songs on an Internet download chart. In the following week's show, Walsh defended his actions by putting the blame on the public for her exit. He said "What they've all got to think about is, did we really vote for her?".
White was quoted suggesting she would make some kind of return to "The X Factor". The singer apparently said "Don't worry – I'm going back on the show" after she was cornered by a large group of fans. It is not known in what context White hoped to return; it is thought to be against the rules of the show for a contestant to be reinstated. White received support from several celebrities. Pop star Lily Allen wrote in her blog: "Right, I think we were all a little shocked right? Laura didn't deserve to go in my opinion, neither did Ruth (my personal favourite). I've been left feeling quite upset by the whole of tonight's show." Former "X Factor" winner Leona Lewis also expressed her dismay at White's departure. In an interview with BBC Radio 1, Lewis said: "It was a real shocker this week. I wasn't outraged, screaming at the TV and stuff, but I was surprised." Pop singer Adele also wrote about the singer in her blog: "Laura getting the boot tonight is bullshit. Neither her or Ruth should have been in the bottom 2 !! Laura will get signed EASILY. and her leaving so early will probably benefit her in the end."
Dannii Minogue revealed on the Xtra Factor after the final that she thought that Laura would win and she wrote her name in the 'Prediction Envelopes' all the judges made after bootcamp.
Former "X Factor" contestant Maria Lawson also wrote about White on her blog entitled "the fifth week jinx": "I thought Laura White's unexpected exit from X Factor this weekend was worth writing about, especially as it bears huge similarities to my departure all those years ago, it seems Louis Walsh is involved once again!... I would imagine that Laura will have many ups and downs over the next weeks, months and years but the highs certainly outweigh the lows...So I guess rather than this being a message of condolence to Laura White – it is one of hope and she can rest assured the best is yet to come!" Also, when interviewed at the Christmas lights switch-on in London, then Sugababes member Keisha Buchanan commented that she nearly threw her television out of the window when White was eliminated.
2011–present: "What My Mother Taught Me".
The "Manchester Evening News" reported on 11 November 2008 that White had been approached by an as-yet unnamed record company. White was chosen by Peterborough City Council to perform and turn on the annual Christmas lights at Cathedral Square, Peterborough. A crowd of 6,000 attended and cheered as the lights were turned on. White then went on to switch on the lights in the county capital Cambridge on the Sunday night. White was invited to the Brit Awards Launch Party as "The X Factor" contestant representing the "Hero" single. White was a judge in the 2009 Miss Manchester contest and sang at the Miss England contest. In early August 2009, White posted samples of four tracks onto her website. Fans were allowed to vote for one of the four to become her debut single. The candidates were: "You Should Have Known", "Touch You", "Got It Bad" and "Love Hurts". "You Should Have Known" was chosen as her debut single. The song was written by Ivor Novello-winning songwriter Michelle Escoffrey and produced by Ian Green, the man behind Madonna's autumn 2009 album "Celebration". Speaking in October 2009 to noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning "Blues & Soul", White stated: "I'm really pleased to kick my whole album project off with 'You Should Have Known'. Because it's such a strong song, as well as being very different from the kind of straight-jazz thing everybody THOUGHT I was gonna do."
She performed her track "You Should Have Known" on GMTV on 19 August 2009. The video for the single "You Should Have Known" was shot in early September and was uploaded to White's official YouTube account. The single was released on 2 November 2009. To promote the single, White embarked on a promo tour of the UK. "You Should Have Known" debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the UK Indie Singles Chart. White was also part of the alternative Haiti relief charity single "I Put A Spell On You". The track, which was released at the end of February 2010, includes other artists such as Shane MacGowan, Paloma Faith, The Stereophonics, Primal Scream's Bobby Gillespie, Nick Cave and Johnny Depp. Laura was due to release a song titled "Radio" and told fans on the Peter Andre tour it would be her new single in the summer although she later revealed on her Twitter account that the single had been scrapped due to her not being passionate enough about the song. She has stated recently she had been in the studio recording for the album, working with the likes of Ben Cullum (Jamie Cullum's brother), Professor Green and Ian Dench, allowing White to develop her sound profoundly for her album. White also is renowned for her celebrity following including artists Pixie Lott, Cheryl Cole and James Morrison appearing at her gigs for support to her music. White lives in Covent Garden, London.
In November 2013, White released her critically acclaimed debut EP which reached number 22 on the Official Albums Chart and number one in the Singer/Songwriter charts.
Artistry.
Songwriting.
White has also written songs for other artists including Rihanna, Eliza Doolittle, Cher Lloyd and Leona Lewis.
White had her first number one with artist Gin Lee in 2012, also penned songs for many Danish artists and Winner Lisa Lois.
On 31 May 2013, Laura posted a video to YouTube under the title "Introducing Martha". Weekly uploads entitled "Martha Friday's" included live vocal recordings of popular and original songs.
Discography.
Extended plays.
Track 1 - Come On Josephine
Track 2 - Jimi Hendrix - (Explicit Lyrics)
Track 3 - Rush Hour
Track 4 - To Be Loved
Singles.
As main artist
As featured artist
Tours.
White toured on "The X Factor" live tour, with fellow series 5 finalists. White was also touring with Peter Andre with his Revelation Tour. She continues to perform in gigs/festivals. White will be doing her first official album gig in the Lowry Theater on 28 January.

</doc>
<doc id="21464933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464933" title="Tiélé, Mali">
Tiélé, Mali


</doc>
<doc id="21464936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21464936" title="Villa Rivero">
Villa Rivero

Villa Rivero, Rivero or Muela is a village in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the seat of the Villa Rivero Municipality (or Muela Municipality), the second municipal section of the Punata Province. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 671. 
The population of Muela is not small considering Bolivia's population density of 8.9/km2 in 2001 census. As most of Bolivia territory this village is situated at high altitude, with near by glacial lakes at approximate 5 km est near Piscumayu. Aldo almost isolated from the world there are some houses which have satellite dishes. But this place is more about going out, enjoying fresh air and mountain excursions.

</doc>
