<doc id="21517322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517322" title="Clan Mackie">
Clan Mackie

Clan Mackie is a Lowland Scottish clan. The clan does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms therefore the clan has no standing under Scots Law. Clan Mackie is considered an armigerous clan, meaning that it is considered to have had at one time a recognised chief, or a chief who possessed the chiefly arms of the name, however no one at present is in possession of such arms.
Origins.
The clan-name Mackie is an Anglicised form of the Gaelic "MacAoidh".'". The Gaelic personal name "Aoidh" is an old one and means "fire".
History.
Clan Mackie was a prominent Galwegien family in the 16th and early 17th centuries. The Mackies of Larg were the principal family of the clan. At the beginning of the 17th century, Sir Patrick Mackie of Larg was one the original fifty Scottish undertakers of the plantation of Ulster. About of his lands, near Donegal, were however later taken over by John, earl of Annandale. The Mackies of Larg acquired the lands of Bargaly in Kirkcudbrightshire and Auchencairn near Castle Douglas. Today there are still Mackies in Kirkcudbright.
Symbols.
The arms of Mackie of Larg is blazoned "Argent, two ravens pendant from an arrow fessways piercing their necks Proper, on a chief Azure a lion passant of the Field armed and langued Gules". The origin of these arms is explained by tradition. Mackie of Larg was to have been in the company of Robert II and was boasting of his prowess in the skill of archery. The king of Scots, growing weary of this, pointed out two ravens on a distant tree and asked Mackie of Larg to prove his boasts. However, much to the chagrin of the King, Mackie of Larg skewered both ravens with his arrow. Tradition goes on to state that because of his feat Mackie of Larg was granted the right to bear on his shield two ravens pierced by an arrow through their neck, together with a lion which alluded to the king. 

</doc>
<doc id="21517343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517343" title="Johann Christian Friedrich Tuch">
Johann Christian Friedrich Tuch

Johann Christian Friedrich Tuch (December 17, 1806 – April 12, 1867) was a German Orientalist and theologian born in Quedlinburg.
He studied at the University of Halle, where in 1830 he received his habilitation. In 1838, he became an associate professor, later relocating to the University of Leipzig, where from 1844 to 1867, he was an associate professor of theology and Oriental studies. In 1856-58 he served as university rector.
Literary works.
His best written work was "Kommentar über die Genesis" (Commentary on the Genesis- 1838). Other noted works of his included treatises involving Nineveh (1845), the Ascension of Jesus (1857), Josephus (1859-1860) and Antonius Martyr (1864).

</doc>
<doc id="21517395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517395" title="New Ross, Nova Scotia">
New Ross, Nova Scotia

New Ross is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Chester Municipal District. Home of the Ross Farm Museum. The village is named after Henry Phipps, 1st Earl of Mulgrave, whose second title derives its name from New Ross, Ireland. 
New Ross was the end-point for construction of the Western segment of the Annapolis Road which was intended to eventually reach Halifax. However construction was never completed.
After the War of 1812, the village of Sherbrooke (renamed New Ross) and the Ross Farm was established by William Ross (1783-1822) in 1816. William Ross was originally from Cork, Ireland. During the Napoleonic Wars, he became part of the British Army 16th Regiment of Foot and stationed in Fort Amsterdam, Surinam. His wife Mary accompanied him. They had their second child while they were there. During their return to Britain, they survived their ship being wrecked on the Tuskar Rock off the coast of Wexford, Ireland. 
William and Mary moved to Sunderland, England, where their son Edward Ross (1813-1894) was born, the author of the diaries on which the museum is based. During the War of 1812, as a soldier in the 16th Regiment, William Ross and his family moved to British North America and were stationed at Fort Coteau-du-Lac, Quebec. (See National HIstoric Site.) The Battle of the Chateauguay happened while he was there. His role in the battle is unknown. Lieutenant William Ross chose to transfer to the Nova Scotia Fencible Infantry while in Quebec.
After the war, upon their return to Nova Scotia, the Ross family again survived the sinking of their ship off the coast of Green Island (Jeddore Ledges, Nova Scotia). The Fencibles were disbanded on 25 July 1816. Two weeks later, on 7 August 1816, William Ross led 172 former soldiers who were given land grants along the newly burned road between Chester and Kentville, Nova Scotia. Six years later on 2 May 1822, William Ross died suddenly at the age of 39. Four months later, his wife Mary gave birth to their fourth child. 
William’s son Edward Ross kept a diary for most of his life. The Ross Farm Museum is based on the diaries Edward wrote when he was a young man age 22-28 (1835-1841). During this time on the farm he sold produce from the local community in his store and also made a trip by boat from Chester to Halifax every spring. He was also a justice of the peace. 
At age 28, Edward left the community and married Marie three years later at Cornwallis, Nova Scotia (1844). At age 52, Edward spent time in jail for not being able to pay his debts (1865). Five years later he went to Boston in search of work. While there, he heard the famous Lucy Stone speak at the Massachusetts State House(1872). They returned to Kentville, Nova Scotia until Marie died (1882). Edward lived for twelve more years. His final three years were spent on Ross Farm, where he died in 1894 at the age of 81.
References.
Texts
Endnotes

</doc>
<doc id="21517396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517396" title="Lincoln High School (Yonkers, New York)">
Lincoln High School (Yonkers, New York)

Lincoln High School is located in Yonkers, New York. It is one of the seven public high schools in the city and has an enrollment of about eight hundred students. The front portion of the building was opened in 1953 as Southeast Yonkers Jr., Sr. High School with grades 6 through 8. It was completed in 1955 and renamed Lincoln Junior-Senior High School the following year. After the first year, 6th grade was dropped and 9th grade added and when the building was completed it became Lincoln Junior-Senior High School, enrolling grades 7 through 12. In the late 1970s, the junior high grades were removed, and the school became a four year, grade 9-12, high school. Unlike what many believe, the school was named Lincoln after the area of Yonkers it was situated in, rather than for Abraham Lincoln. The first graduating class which went continuously from 6th grade to 12th grade graduated in 1960 with a very high percentage going on to college. Several graduates returned to Lincoln as teachers. The school colors are purple and white and mascot a Lancer both chosen by the 1960 class.
Ninth and tenth grade academies.
Students are taught by a team of designated core area teachers using interdisciplinary Instruction. There is a rich variety of academically sound support, study skills opportunities, personalized learning and personalized counseling.
Academy of Finance.
The Academy of Finance is a specialized high school program that prepares students for careers in the financial services industry through coursework and on-the-job experience. As the financial services industry continues to grow, many firms face an overwhelming need for more qualified employees. The Academy of Finance at Lincoln High School in partnership with the Yonkers Chamber of Commerce, is working to fill local employment needs by preparing students for careers in the financial services industry. Developed in 1982 by American Express and the New York Public Schools, the program was initiated in Yonkers in 1989.
Academy students complete a four year curriculum, which includes courses in:
Additionally, students learn dress codes, office etiquette, resume preparation, and how to interview for a job. 
In 2009-2010, The Academy graduated 44 seniors who were awarded over $2.5 million in scholarships.
Academy of Finance Advisory Board.
The school's Academy of Finance has an Advisory Board whose mission is to sustain and support the development of Yonkers' youth toward personal and professional success in high school, in higher education, and throughout their career. The Advisory Board consists of corporate personnel, representatives from institutions of higher learning, representatives from community-based non-profits, local and regional government representatives, small-business owners and employees who offer vast and essential resources to the Academy. The Advisory Board provides classroom speakers, mentors, job-shadowing venues, funding for programs, and paid internships for Academy students.
The 2009-2010 Advisory Board Members include:
Arts Academy.
Majors in instrumental music, vocal music, stagecraft or visual arts 
Professional experiences with renowned visiting artists as well as with performing art centers such as the Manhattan Theater Club, Lincoln Center Institute, and S.U.N.Y. Purchase 
Teaching staff members are all professional performers who also have a strong academic background
Pre-Teaching and Educational Services Academy.
College-bound students are prepared for post-secondary study which can lead to professional certification in teaching, psychology, social work, counseling and related fields 
Exploration of traditional and Montessori teaching methods 
State-of-the-art technology and electronic information systems are used 
Practical experience through school year and paid summer internships and mentoring 
Collaborations with local colleges, universities and The Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts 
Affiliation with “Today’s Students, Tomorrow’s Teachers” mentoring students through college to future careers in teaching
United States Marine Corps JROTC.
No military obligation after high school, but JROTC graduates who wish to continue are eligible for special consideration upon application to a Service Academy, ROTC scholarships to college, advanced placement in college ROTC, and accelerated promotion upon enlistment.

</doc>
<doc id="21517407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517407" title="Abraham Low Self-Help Systems">
Abraham Low Self-Help Systems

Abraham Low Self-Help Systems (ALSHS) is a non-profit organization formed from the merger of Recovery International and the Abraham Low Institute. ALSHS facilitates the estimated 600 worldwide Recovery International meetings and all projects formerly run by the Abraham Low Institute including the Power to Change program. The organization is named after Abraham Low, founder of the mental health self-help organization now known as Recovery International.
History.
Recovery, Inc., often referred to simply as Recovery, was officially formed November 7, 1937 by neuropsychiatrist Abraham Low in Chicago, Illinois. Low created the organization to facilitate peer support self-help groups for former mental patients and later allowed for participation of those who had not been hospitalized, but with a desire to improve their mental health. During the organization's annual meeting in June 2007 it was announced that Recovery, Inc. would thereafter be known as Recovery International. As of 2008 there were over 600 weekly Recovery International meetings held throughout North America, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Israel and India.
The Abraham Low Institute was founded in 1989 to develop programs, in addition to Recovery, based on Low's self-help principles. The Institute awarded grants to further scholarly research on Low's work, provided research resources for people interested in Low's methods, and developed the Power to Change program and The Relatives Project.
On January 1, 2008 Recovery International merged with The Abraham Low Institute and provisionally renamed the new organization Recovery International / The Abraham Low Institute (RI/TALI). Celinda Jungheim, a community volunteer from Los Angeles, was elected as president of the Board of Directors. Abraham Low Self-Help Systems was incorporated on January 1, 2009, completing the merger of Recovery International and The Abraham Low Institute. Abraham Low Self-Help Systems is now the provider of Recovery International community, phone and online meetings and The Power to Change program, which was a program of The Abraham Low Institute.
The Relatives Project.
The Relatives Project, found in 1993, provides support for family and friends of people who have mental and emotional problems. The Relatives Project teaches coping skills and stress management through meetings similar to those held in Recovery International groups, but using literature written by Abraham Low specifically for the families of his patients. Relatives are taught to maintain empathy and unconditional positive regard for their ill relative, while reframing their domestic environment to provide an empowering atmosphere for all members. The Relatives Project groups are open to adults and teenagers, and allow professionals to observe but only to participate if it is in support of a family member's mental health. Mental health becomes a shared goal for a family, and all family members share in responsibility to achieve it.
Power to Change.
Power to Change is a cognitive-behavioral peer-to-peer program based on Low's self-help principles. Power to Change primarily teaches at-risk students and ex-prisoners principles of Low's Self-Help system in peer-to-peer groups. Power to Change groups generally consist of 8-12 members, meeting weekly, who learn the principles of the Low Self-Help System by describing their personal experience of disturbing events and commenting on each other's experiences using a highly structured format. Specifically, Power to Change consists of five components: a peer-to-peer process intended to provide a safe environment for members to disclose their experiences to a supportive group, a meeting structure intended to keep discussion on topic, a four part format to help members frame their experiences as useful examples and group feedback utilizing a set of tools (principles of Abraham Low's therapeutic technique).
The four part example consists of an objective description an event; a report of the feelings, sensations, thoughts, and impulses experienced in the members mind and body; how the member used the Power to Change tools to manage the experience; and a self-endorsement to remind the member of the progress made and to reward their effort. The Power to Change groups use much of the language suggested in the Recovery International program, such as identifying "temper" and avoiding judgment of right and wrong.
The W. K. Kellogg Foundation has provided grants for Power to Change since 2003. The most recent grant was awarded in November 2008, and will provide funding until November 2010.
Chicago Public Schools.
In 2007 Urban Networks Associates (UNA) conducted an evaluation of Power to Change as it was implemented in seventeen secondary and middle schools in the Chicago Public School system. In each school 12-24 group sessions were held and facilitated by either staff from the Abraham Low Institute or by a local facilitator trained by the Abraham Low Institute. Participating students showed significant improvement in prosocial behavior as measured by pre-testing and post-testing of emotional intelligence, specifically increasing self-restraint and decreasing violent behaviors. Although statistically significant, the effect sizes of changes were low or medium.
UNA's SEM evaluation of the Power to Change logic model, the required steps and conditions for the program to be effective, found it fit the data collected well. To improve the effectiveness of the program UNA recommended improving communication with and training of local facilitators, encouraging students to develop plans to apply program tools outside of the group, updating the literature used to make it more age appropriate for the young students, adding activities to encourage confidentiality of what was said in group meetings and developing more interactive activities to teach program concepts. UNA also suggested asking for a commitment from participating schools to guarantee facilities were always available and that students would not be prohibited from attending group sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="21517409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517409" title="Aimery of Narbonne">
Aimery of Narbonne

Aimery of Narbonne, also spelled Aymeri or Aimeric, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21517426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517426" title="Commelinoideae">
Commelinoideae

Commelinoideae is a subfamily of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family (Commelinaceae). The Commelinoideae is one of two subfamilies within the Commelinaceae and includes 39 genera (out of 41 in the family) and all but 12 of the family's several hundred known species. The subfamily is further broken down into two tribes, the Tradiscantieae, which includes 26 genera and about 300 species, and the Commelineae, which contains 13 genera and about 350 species. 
The Commelinoideae is separated morphologically from the other subfamily, Cartonematoideae, in having glandular microhairs, arteries containing needle-like calcium oxalate crystals called raphide canals in between the veins of the leaves, and flowers that are virtually never both yellow and actinomorphic. Molecular phylogenetics also supports the separation of the two subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="21517437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517437" title="Fandemonium (convention)">
Fandemonium (convention)

Fandemonium is one of southwest Idaho's Sci-Fi, Anime, Gaming Conventions, created to bring multi-genre conventions to Idaho. Held annually in Nampa, Idaho at the Nampa Civic Center, the convention takes place during the first full weekend of August. The convention has featured role-playing games such as Dungeons and Dragons and HarnMaster, Cosplay Groups and competitive contests for costume designs, collectible card games like Magic, the Gathering, computer games, and more.
Events.
Events held at the convention are produced by the attendees at the event. Attendees create events by requesting space and time slots months before the convention, and then they are given a space to run their panel, event, competition, and other activities.

</doc>
<doc id="21517450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517450" title="PRR MP54">
PRR MP54

The Pennsylvania Railroad's MP54 class of electric multiple unit cars was their first and largest class of this type of car. The class was initially constructed as an unpowered locomotive hauled coach for suburban operations, but were designed with the capacity to be rebuilt into self-propelled MU as electrification plans were realized. The first of these self-propelled cars were placed in service with the PRR subsidiary Long Island Rail Road with DC propulsion in 1908 and soon spread to the Philadelphia-based network of low frequency AC electrified suburban lines in 1915. Eventually the cars came to be used throughout the railroad's electrified network from Washington, DC to New York City and Harrisburg, PA. The ubiquitous cars became a commuting tradition during their long years of service in several major cities. and were known as "red cars" or "red rattlers". The cars ran in service with the PRR until the Penn Central merger in 1968 at which point they were already being marked for replacement by new technology railcars such as the Budd M1 and Pioneer III. After the bankruptcy of the Penn Central the remaining MP54's found themselves being operated by Conrail under contract with local commuter rail authorities. The last MP54 cars were retired in 1980-81 while engaged in Philadelphia suburban service with SEPTA.
Steel suburban cars.
In 1906, during the PRR construction project to build tunnels under the Hudson and East Rivers and build Penn Station, the PRR announced that all new passenger cars would be made of steel and that wooden cars would not be allowed in the tunnels due to the hazard of fire. A design for a steel suburban car with a passenger compartment, overall length, and 72 seats was already under development, along with one for a corresponding passenger-baggage combination car. Anticipating that many of the cars would eventually be used in electrically powered multiple-unit (MU) services, the cars were designed to accommodate electrical equipment and were designated MP54 where the M is for motor and the P is for passenger.
Additional types of these cars were developed, all with the same overall length, body shape, and characteristic round end windows often referred to as porthole or owl-eyed windows and large roof-level headlights. The passenger-baggage combination cars (52 seats) were designated MPB54. In 1911, baggage cars with 62 ft. baggage compartments were added and designated MB62. In 1913, baggage-mail cars with the same dimensions were added and designated MBM62. In 1914, passenger-baggage combination cars with longer baggage compartments and 40 seats were added and designated MPB54B. In 1915, passenger-baggage-mail combination cars with 24 seats were added and designated MPBM54.
Early DC MP54's.
The first group of MP54 cars was delivered to the PRR subsidiary Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) in 1908 which was already operating an 650-volt DC electrified service to terminals on Long Island with its fleet of MP41 cars. Some were used for a while in non-electrified service until the East River tunnels were completed allowing service into Penn Station. Simultaneously, the same electrical system was being installed for use in the Hudson River tunnels and west to Manhattan Transfer, just east of Newark for use by the PRR proper.
Between 1908 and 1915 the LIRR received a total of 225 MP54 type DC powered coaches and 65 other powered MP54-type cars. To supplement these, between 1915 and 1927 a total of 230 T-54 class trailer cars were added to the fleet along with a further 320 DC powered coaches between 1920 and 1927. Finally in 1930 a final batch of 45 MP54 coaches were delivered resulting in a total fleet of 626 Coaches, 15 baggage cars, 52 combines and 230 unpowered trailers for a grand total of 923 MP54 type cars in service on the LIRR.
The LIRR MP54 coaches came in three general styles. Classes MP54, MP54A and MP54A1 were delivered with a "railroad" style clerestory roof. Classes MP54B and MP54B were delivered with a smooth, "arch" roof. Finally the MP54D and MP54D1 classes were former steam coaches converted to electric operation with clerestory roofs. Unlike the later PRR cars, the LIRR units were primarily constructed by American Car and Foundry with a few made by Pressed Steel Car Company or Standard Steel Car Company.
In 1910 the PRR received its first group of MP54-type cars. Six of the coaches and two of the combination cars were provided with DC electrical equipment, and the rest were for service in trains pulled by steam or electric locomotives.
Penn Station opened September 8, 1910, with service to Long Island points being provided by LIRR MP54 cars. PRR service began November 29, 1910 primarily using electric locomotives. The eight electrified PRR MP54 cars were used for shuttle service between Penn Station and Manhattan Transfer to connect with PRR trains going to or from Exchange Place in Jersey City. This shuttle service ended in 1922, and the cars were sent to the LIRR.
In addition to the cars built for the PRR and LIRR the West Jersey and Seashore Railroad (which later became part of the Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines) received a small fleet of 18 650VDC powered MP54 cars for use on its electrified interurban line between Camden, Millville and Atlantic City in 1912. These cars, officially classified as MP54D, came equipped with both third rail and trolley poles to collect the on segments of the line that made use of overhead lines. These cars were used until electrified service on the PRSL was ended in 1949.
AC Cars for PRR Suburban Service.
In late 1912, PRR engineers recommended large-scale electrification of PRR lines with alternating current (AC) at 11,000 volts and 25 cycles, starting with the suburban service along the Main Line between Philadelphia and Paoli. This project was authorized soon thereafter. In 1914 the PRR started adding AC electrical equipment to 93 MP54-type cars at the Altoona shops for use in this service. Each car received a pantograph, a transformer, a power truck, a motorman's cab and controls at each end, and MU circuits. These cars were then designated MP54E to distinguish them from non-electrified cars.
The Paoli line opened with electrical service in 1915 with great success, and other Philadelphia suburban lines were electrified in succeeding years. By 1933 the entire PRR line from Philadelphia to Penn Station had been provided with AC electrification and the lines from Philadelphia to Washington, D.C. and Harrisburg were subsequently electrified as well. MP54 cars then provided local service throughout this area. Large numbers of MP54 MU cars were obtained both by electrifying existing non-electrified MP54 cars and by purchasing and building entirely new cars. As improved electrical equipment was developed in later years, a numeral was added to signify the type of this equipment. Between 1926 and 1930 a further 144 cars were delivered from Altoona and Standard Steel in the class MP54E2. Between 1932 and 1937 a total of 41 "civil union" style married pairs were constructed by Altoona that consisted of an unpowered trailer class MP54T that that was towed by a motor car, class MP54E3, with 736 total horsepower compared with the normal 400. These special trailer motors could be identified by a small golden keystone above the number on the side of the car. They also had larger louvers on the side due to the greater demand for cooling air.
In time the need to change the car designations to distinguish between the non-electrified and electrified cars other than by adding an E became apparent, and it was decided to make the initial M be a "small" capital letter for the non-electrified cars. Small capital letters are awkward to use, so many books have used the LIRR scheme of omitting the initial M for the non-electrified cars (P54) while less commonly a lower-case m is used instead of the small capital (mP54).
In 1950, faced with the need for expensive new equipment for unprofitable suburban service, the PRR decided to extend the life of the MP54 cars instead of buying new equipment. The MP54s were rebuilt at the Wilmington electric shops with an initial batch of fifty cars in the class MP54E5 and a follow-up batch of 49 508 hp cars in the class MP54E6 were rebuilt at the Altoona shops. (For unknown reasons, the designation MP54E4 was skipped.) In addition to the new, more powerful propulsion gear, other new equipment was installed including roller bearing equipped equalized trucks, new windows, and recessed transit-type lighting In 1951 there were a total of 481 AC MP54 cars of all types in service, consisting of 405 MP54, 42 MP54T, 10 MPB54B, 9 MPB54, 7 MB62, 4 MBM62, and 4 MBM62T cars.
Performance.
While state of the art in 1908, when the last brand new MP54 rolled off the assembly line 28 years later, the design did more to suit the PRR's desire for standardization than the comfort of the passengers that rode them. Each motor car was powered by a single truck at the pantograph end which in turn was equipped with two 25 Hz series wound AC motors. Using AC motors of this type resulted in poor acceleration compared to equivalent DC motors, a problem that was exacerbated by the frequent stops the MP54s would make in local commuter service. While the 99 1950's rebuilt E5 and E6 units had better performance and a stated top speed of 65 mph, older E1 and E2 cars would struggle to reach . Even if they did get up to speed, a design flaw in the propulsion tap changer required that if power was taken off at speeds above , it could not be reapplied until the train slowed back to 30 mph lest arcing damage the equipment. The 1908 truck design provided little in the way of ride quality, and friction bearings on unmodified cars retarded performance further. Noise from the primitive toothed gear drivetrain (a characteristic common to contemporary MU cars on other railroads) could become quite loud at high speed which made the relative quiet of unpowered trailer cars (if utilized) attractive to some regular riders.
Service history.
The MP54 cars ran from 1915 until 1981 on many lines, through many years of PRR service and into Penn Central, Conrail, New Jersey Department of Transportation, and then SEPTA and New Jersey Transit service. They wore several PRR Tuscan paint schemes as well as Dark Green with white lettering in PC times and a few were painted in white with blue and red stripes during the SEPTA era. Three cars transported train crews and other railroad employees from Washington, D.C.'s Union Station to the Ivy City yards in the blue and white scheme of the Washington Terminal. The MU coaches were assigned to commuter service along both the Keystone Corridor on the Main Line and the Northeast Corridor. They were also found on the Perth Amboy and Woodbridge Railroad taking passengers to and from South Amboy, New Jersey where the New York and Long Branch Railroad began. A set of MP54 cars also served as the shuttle between Princeton Junction and Princeton, and was known to generations of Princeton students, faculty, residents and visitors as the "dinky" or the "PJ&B" (Princeton Junction and Back). For popular events, particularly the Army-Navy football games in Philadelphia, MP54 cars were used to make up some of the special trains to provide the needed transportation. During World War II, the PRR was often short of passenger equipment on weekends so trains of MP54 cars were used as advance sections of long-distance trains in the electrified PRR area. During these years the PRR also used solid trains of MB62 and MBM62 cars to carry express from Penn Station to various locations. In the days of Penn Central the MP54s ventured onto former New Haven tracks solely during railfan charters, in particular a June 14, 1970 fantrip from Penn Station to New Haven which included the New Canaan Branch.
Steam-hauled P54 cars served well into the 1950s alongside their MU siblings. While these cars were more commonly seen in commuter service in the Pittsburgh area, they were also used over the entire PRR and perhaps even off-line in troop train service during World War II. Also during this time, several combine style cars were converted to completely coach seating by the addition of seats and porthole windows to the baggage and mail sections. Two of these converted cars were sold the Buffalo Creek and Gauley Railroad after the war.
MP54 cars on other railroads.
Unpowered MP54 cars (and/or combines and baggage mail cars) were built for or sold to a number of other railroads. These included AT&SF (Santa Fe), B&M (Boston and Maine), Erie, Lackawanna, NYS&W (New York Susquehanna and Western, Susquehanna), Piedmont and Northern and Tuckerton. Additional road names reported as possible: CR (Conrail), Union Transportation (Pemberton & Hightstown), Midland Continental (combine), Consolidades de Cuba and the Ligonier Valley Railroad.
Other cars with porthole windows.
In 1907 the West Jersey and Seashore Railroad expanded its wooden interurban fleet operating its electrified service from Camden to Atlantic City and Millville with an order of porthole-window cars, designated MP2. These were still of wooden construction, but came with stronger steel ends, had passenger compartments 46 ft. long, overall length 55 ft., 58 seats, and were otherwise similar to the MP54 design. Later some of the original all-wooden MP1 cars were upgraded with steel ends matching the MP2 cars.
The Hudson and Manhattan Railroad obtained some cars with porthole windows in 1911, designated MP38, for their line to Newark. The cars were partly owned by PRR, were painted in PRR colors, had passenger compartments, overall length, 44 seats, and had additional center-entrance doors.
After the 923 car fleet of MP54-type cars was delivered to the LIRR between 1908 and 1930, the railroads followed up by purchasing 63 similar longer bilevel cars designated MP70 with passenger compartment, overall length, and 134 seats between 1932 and 1948. Between 1953 and 1963, 190 porthole-window cars of a more modern design and designated MP72 were obtained; some of these cars also served on the Staten Island Rapid Transit Railway.
The cars on the New York, Westchester and Boston Railway had porthole windows, 70 ft. overall length, 78 or 80 seats, and additional center-entrance doors and began service in 1912.
Starting in 1912, porthole windows were used in large Southern Pacific Railroad cars in the San Francisco East Bay region and the Marin County region north of San Francisco, and in more standard-size cars in the Portland, Oregon region. The San Francisco region cars, designated 58-EMC, had passenger compartments, overall length, and 3-2 seating with 116 seats, while the Portland region cars, designated 47-ELMC, had 47 ft. passenger compartments, 56 ft. overall length, and 2-2 seating with 60 seats. Many of these cars later operated on Pacific Electric in the Los Angeles region, where the larger type were extensively remodeled to have 2-2 seating with 80 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="21517451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517451" title="Bayswater, Nova Scotia">
Bayswater, Nova Scotia

Bayswater is a community the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Chester Municipal District on the Aspotogan Peninsula on the Lighthouse Route (Nova Scotia Route 329).
History.
German settlers first settled were Richard and Knickle who came from Lunenburg. Settled prior to 1767. 
An early immigrant to Bayswater was James Boutilier from Montbelieard, France. He had nine children, the first was born in Bayswater (1862). 
The village is probably named after the Bayswater, England, an area of west London in the City of Westminster. It is a built-up district located 3 miles (4.8 km) west north-west of Charing Cross and borders the north of Hyde Park over Kensington Gardens. 
Bayswater was initially named Sandy Beaches.
Swissair 111.
Bayswater is the site of the recovery operation for Swissair 111. 
References.
Endnotes
Links

</doc>
<doc id="21517456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517456" title="James I. Brownson">
James I. Brownson

James Irwin Brownson was a prominent clergyman and academic in Washington, Pennsylvania.
He served as pastor of the First Presbyterian Church for over 50 years.
Brownson was elected to the Board of Trustees of Washington College in 1849 served as President Pro Tem. there from July 13, 1852 until September 20, 1853. He was elected to serve in the consolidated board of Washington & Jefferson College after the union of the two colleges and was made President of the Board in 1882. He again served as President Pro Tem. in 1870. He also served as a trustee of the Washington Female Seminary and of the Western Theological Seminary (now Pittsburgh Theological Seminary.
His son James I. Brownson served as Judge of the Washington County Courts of Common Pleas and became the namesake of the Brownson House. 

</doc>
<doc id="21517458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517458" title="Bibrod Tirth">
Bibrod Tirth

Mulnayak.
Nearly high, black-colored idol of Bhagawan "Adinath" in the Padmansana posture.
Tirth.
Also known as Kesariyaji, it is inside the large fort in the Bibrod village.
Historicity.
There is an inscription that his idol belongs to a period earlier than even the thirteenth century. The idol is so artistic that by merely seeing it, one can guess its antiquity. A fair is held here from the tenth day to the fifteenth day of the dark half of the month of Magasar. Thousands of devotees come here to worship God with devotion.
Works of art and Sculpture.
On seeing this ancient, beautiful and peaceful posture of God, the heart of pilgrims leaps up with a powerful impulse of devotion. It is difficult to find elsewhere such an idol made of sand. The scene of the pinnacles of the temple inside the fort is delightful to see. The idol is of special artistry.
How to Reach.
The nearest railway station of Ratlam is at a distance of 8 kilometers from here. Bus service and private vehicles are available. Board and lodging provisions are there.
The nearest Airport is Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport, Indore, Madhya Pradesh. Bus Service and private vehicles are available, one can also take a train to Ratlam.
Temple Trust.
Jain Svetambar Murtipujak Jinalay, Mallinath Trust, Choumukhipul, Bibrod, Ratlam, Madhya Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="21517460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517460" title="John Biehl">
John Biehl

John Henry Biehl del Río (; b. Valparaíso, 26 August 1939) is a Chilean lawyer, political scientist, and diplomat who served as the cabinet-level Minister Secretary-General of the Presidency for Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle's administration.
Early life.
Biehl is of Danish ancestry. He studied law at the Pontifical Catholic University of Valparaíso in his home city, and later national development in the Netherlands, and finally political science at the University of Essex, where he received his Master's degree.
Biehl was the founder and director of the Institute of Political Science at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Diplomatic and political career.
Although Biehl had never registered for any political party, he is considered more of a Christian Democrat due to his exile after the 1973 Chilean coup d'état and Pinochet's rise to power. He gained diplomatic experience acting as an advisor to various governments. These included that of Óscar Arias in Costa Rica, where he worked as a policymaker and speechwriter; "The New York Times" referred to him as Arias' "closest confidant" and "alter ego". Biehl also led the successful campaign for Arias' 1987 Nobel Peace Prize. As a United Nations official working for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Biehl also lived in Honduras, Mexico, and Panama. However, Biehl was forced out of the UN in 1987 after demands by the United States government, due to unhappiness in the Reagan administration over his part in Arias' opposition to funding of the Contras.
During the administration of President Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, Biehl was appointed Chile's ambassador to the United States. He was then appointed Minister Secretary-General of the Presidency, a cabinet-level role which serves as the link between the executive and the legislative. He served from 1998 to 1999.
After the government.
Currently, Biehl works for the Organization of American States (OAS), in the Department of Political Affairs. Among other things, he was named by the Secretary General, fellow Chilean José Miguel Insulza, special envoy to direct the mission to observe the regional and presidential elections in Nicaragua, conducted March 5 through November 5, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21517476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517476" title="Tuscan red">
Tuscan red

Tuscan red is a shade of red that was used on the passenger cars of the Pennsylvania Railroad, as well as on the PRR TrucTrailers. It also was used extensively by the New South Wales Government Railways in Australia, in a similar fashion to the PRR. The Canadian Pacific Railway used it historically and painted its luxury revival cars in this color. It is also a Prismacolor colored pencil. 
The first recorded use of "Tuscan red" as a color name in English was in the early 1800s (exact date uncertain).
The color was popular in the late 19th century but non-standardized. It became the ‘signature color’ of the Pennsylvania Railroad, which instituted specifications for its formulation. Before the 1880s, pigments extracted from Brazil wood were used in its manufacture, but these proved inadequate in terms of hiding power and stability.
A 1916 US National Bureau of Standards circular describes it as based on Indian red, which derives its color from iron oxides. The color was then modified by treatment with an alizarin lake pigment. The pigment’s stability lent itself to hard use in applications such as rail cars and machinery. Lower-cost imitations were made without iron oxides by using gypsum or whiting as a base and adding aniline dyes.
Variations of Tuscan red.
The traditional color Tuscan red is shown above. The lighter tones of Tuscan red tend toward tan and beige. The darker tones of Tuscan red tend toward purplish tones. These purplish tones of Tuscan red are exemplified by the color "deep Tuscan red", shown below.
Tuscan.
Displayed at right is the color Tuscan.
The first recorded use of "Tuscan" as a color name in English was in 1887.
Tuscany.
The color Tuscany is displayed at right.
The first recorded use of "Tuscany" as a color name in English was in 1922.
The source of this color is the "Pantone Textile Paper eXtended (TPX)" color list, color #16-1219 TPX—Tuscany.
Tuscan tan.
Displayed at right is the color Tuscan tan.
The first recorded use of "Tuscan tan" as a color name in English was in 1926. 
Medium Tuscan red.
Medium Tuscan red is that tone of Tuscan red that is called "Tuscan red" in the ISCC-NBS color list.
Tuscan brown.
Displayed at right is the color Tuscan brown.
The first recorded use of "Tuscan brown" as a color name in English was in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="21517477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517477" title="Phil Ochs discography">
Phil Ochs discography

The discography of Phil Ochs, a U.S. protest singer and songwriter, consists of seven studio albums, five live album, six compilation albums, one box set, six other albums, and nine singles.
Ochs, who killed himself in 1976, released eight albums under his own name during his lifetime. Since his death, fifteen additional albums have been released, including six compilations and one box set.
Ochs's albums received critical attention but little commercial success. His best-selling album was "Pleasures of the Harbor".

</doc>
<doc id="21517493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517493" title="80th Georgia General Assembly">
80th Georgia General Assembly

The 80th Georgia General Assembly began in Atlanta, Georgia in early 1869. This was the first session after the seat of government was moved from Milledgeville, Georgia following the Georgia Constitution of 1868. A new capitol building had yet to be built so sessions were held in the opera house on Marietta Street rented from H.I. Kimball.

</doc>
<doc id="21517497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517497" title="KDLH-DT2">
KDLH-DT2

KDLH-DT2 is the CW-affiliated television station for the Iron Range of Northeastern Minnesota. The station is part of The CW Plus, a special CW feed that broadcasts on cable and/or over-the-air on a digital signal. It is a second digital subchannel of CBS affiliate KDLH that is owned by the Malara Broadcast Group but operated through a local marketing agreement (LMA) by the Granite Broadcasting Corporation. Over-the-air, KDLH-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 33.2 from KDLH's transmitter west of downtown Duluth in Hilltop Park. As of January 2014, this broadcast is no longer available and CW2 is currently not being broadcast. It is unknown if it will be re-established via a different transmitter channel. It can also be seen on KRII's second digital subchannel which originates on UHF channel 11.2 from a transmitter in Meadow Park. Known on-air as Northland CW 2, it is also offered on Charter channel 2 (hence the branding). Its parent station has studios on South Lake Avenue in Duluth. 
History.
What is now KDLH-DT2 began as cable-only KWBD that was operated by Charter and KDLH. It began broadcasting in 1998 and was affiliated with The WB. Due to the station being cable-only and using fictional call letters, it was a member of The WB 100+ which was a group of cable-only WB affiliates that shared programming outside of the network's prime time schedule. 
On January 24, 2006, The WB and UPN announced that they would cease broadcasting and merge to form The CW. At some point in time, it was announced that KDLH would carry The CW on a new second digital subchannel as part of The CW Plus. That service would be a similar operation to The WB 100+.
Area access to UPN was offered in two ways. KBJR operated an affiliate first known on-air as "UPN 9" (based on its Charter channel location) later "Nothland UPN" on its second digital subchannel. This was also available over-the-air in Ashland, Wisconsin on WAST-LP which was an over-the-air, low-powered semi-satellite of the digital subchannel. WAST-LP was owned by a separate entity from KBJR. It was later announced that "Northland UPN" would become an independent station known as "Northland 9" complete with new logo and graphics. 
On February 22, News Corporation announced that it would start up another new broadcast television network called MyNetworkTV. In March, it was made public that KBJR-DT2 would become an affiliate of MyNetworkTV. In July ahead of the launch of the network, "Northland 9" became known as "My 9" and WAST-LP signed-off in August. MyNetworkTV began broadcasting on September 5 while KWBD (now officially using the KDLH-DT2 call sign) began broadcasting The CW on September 18. Like most CW Plus affiliates in the Central Time Zone, this channel offers the nationally syndicated morning show "The Daily Buzz" on weekdays from 5 to 8. KBJR produces a weeknight primetime newscast on its second digital subchannel known as "Northland's NewsCenter at 9". This had been simulcasted on KDLH-DT2 but was dropped.
Quincy Newspapers announced on February 11, 2014 that it would acquire KBJR-TV and KRII (and thus KRII-DT2) from Granite Broadcasting. In turn, Malara will sell KDLH (and thus KDLH-DT2) to SagamoreHill Broadcasting; Quincy will continue to provide services to KDLH. 

</doc>
<doc id="21517501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517501" title="Blandford, Nova Scotia">
Blandford, Nova Scotia

Blandford is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Chester Municipal District on the Aspotogan Peninsula on the Lighthouse Route (Nova Scotia Route 329). Blandford originally included the present day communities of New Harbour, Upper Blandford, and Deep Cove.
History.
Origins.
The community is probably named after John Church Hill (1650-1722), Marquess of Blandford.
One of the first settlers of Blandford was George Casper Zinck (c.1764 - ), the son of a German-speaking immigrant. George first lived in Lunenburg and then after the American Raid on Lunenburg (1782) during the American Revolution, George moved to nearby Rose Bay before finally settling in Blandford at the age of 20 (1784). He married and then had his first child the following year. 
Along with German settlers, there were also Jewish settlers to Blandford. More likely at least some of the Jewish family Levy in this part of Nova Scotia are descended from Nathaniel Levy who was in Halifax by 1759.
Apparently after his first wife died in 1771 he moved to Chester where he married again 1773 (Susannah Tufts). They had four children before he died in May 1787 at Chester. One of his sons, Gershom, married in 1796 (Catherine Barbara Graves). They had three sons before he died in 1801 at Chester. Two of his sons, David (born 1797) and Nathan (born 1798) settled in Tancook Island during the early nineteenth century. It has been suggested that Nathaniel Levy was the son of Nathan Levy, a Jewish merchant who was in Philadelphia in 1746 (Punch, 1981). It may be that Nathaniel Levy was in the colony to oversee the interests of the firm Levy and Frank of Philadelphia, one of the firms that provided the new colony with supplies and credit (Fergusson, 1971:46). 
The village of Deep Cove was first settled by John (Johannes) Meisner (1789-1872) and John Seaburg (Seaboyer) in 1838. John Meisner owned the first gristmill which was built on the north side of Deep Cove. Meisner’s Point on the Upper Blandford road still retains his name. 
The person who Mathias Hill, Bovens Lake, and Jimmy’s Island in Deep Cove is named after is unknown.
When settlers first arrived at Blandford, in the winter they were able to walk over the ice to Tancook and to Chester. In 1845, Charles Lordly, Esq had goods hauled from Shoal Cove (Blandford) by three pairs of oxen and two horses over the ice to Tancook. The ice was cut with axes to a depth of two feet without finding water. The following month he had molasses and barrels of four hauled over the ice to Chester. Mr. Arch Zinck reported the last time people were able to walk to Tancook over the ice was 1932.
Fenian Raids.
To ward off the threat of possible Fenian raids (1866–71), a volunteer regiment was raised in Blandford. The troop of men did drills on what was once the field of Morton Publicover (Civic #?). Among these men were Jim Gates, George Roast and Will Gates. 
The Fenian movement sought to bring about Irish independence from Britain. At the end of the American Civil War, Fenians in the United States determined to recruit veterans of the war, invade and capture Canada, and force Britain to negotiate the independence of Ireland. There were a number of alarms in 1865, 1866 and 1870. There was a medal given for service in the Volunteer Regiments. 
Regimental troops were raised in every county across Nova Scotia. While New Brunswick and Ontario did sustain attacks, Nova Scotia did not. Perhaps to amplify the importance of the local regiment, folklore in the community includes a story of a Fenian attack by sea at Big Cove that was thwarted by the Mi’kmaq.
Cyrus Eaton.
One of the most renowned people to make Deep Cove their home was Cyrus Eaton, a millionaire industrialist, who was originally from Pugwash, Nova Scotia, but lived in Ohio. He bought a large piece of land in Blandford between 1931 – 1933. The estate covered woodland, run-down farms, and a number of lakes. Mr. Eaton turned this estate into a sanctuary for Canadian Geese. The Canadian Geese still remain here all winter and can often be seen walking down the road or swimming just off shore. 
In the 1950s, a successful banker, businessman and philanthropist, Cyrus Eaton, was raising Mallard ducks and Canada geese in the vicinity of Hollahan Lake. In 1959 the area became a wildlife sanctuary where these birds could feed undisturbed. Hunting of waterfowl and game birds was prohibited. In 2007 it became a protected area under the Special Places Protection Act, giving the sanctuary the province's highest level of protection of plants and animals. Access is restricted to visitors on foot. The reserve contains a wide variety of habitats and is home to some rare lichens, mosses, and vascular plants, not the least of which is an extensive Jack Pine barrens. Blandford Nature Reserve is the province's 16th nature reserve and is the first of its kind in Lunenburg County.
In an address to the Empire Club of Canada (1950), Cyrus S. Eaton was introduced with the following: 
Mr. Eaton entertained extensively during the summer when he resided in Blandford. Many of his guests were celebrities; one such guest was Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space. He donated money for the doors of St. Bartholmus Church in Blandford. He had his ashes buried in Blandford (and Pugwash, Nova Scotia). 
At his death in 1979, his estate was purchased by a group of businessmen from Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21517522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517522" title="Indrapura (stage play)">
Indrapura (stage play)

Indrapura is the second-installment of an epic trilogy and the tenth major production of Magwayen, the premiere theater group of Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila in the Philippines. It debuted on stage on December 9, 2006 at the Justo Albert Auditorium at the PLM Main Campus.
Plot.
Indrapura chronicles the tragic love affair of Lilagretha and Elindro. In the story, Sulayman decided to adopt his late brother's daughter Lilasari, concealing the fact that she was the rightful heir to the throne of the Sultanate of Indrapura. Lilagretha, the biological daughter of Sulayman discovered this secret on her 20th birthday and she began feeling threatened about her place as Sultana of Indrapura. Her jealousy sparked when Elindro, her love interest, became attracted to Lilasari. From then on, the two sisters became sworn rivals. With the help of the evil sorceress, Tarsila, Lilagretha attempted to kill Lilasari but she failed and her plot was later revealed. Lilagretha was sentenced to death, however, Lilasari forgave her and secured her freedom.
See also: Indrapura AVP
Productions.
The play was written by Marlon Miguel and directed by John Borgy Danao, the same people behind the full-length musical play, "Bidasari". It also brought together the endearing music of Carlo Yanesa, the colorful costumes made by Mary Lyn Buguina and Ronald Decena, the state of the art Production Design by Jay Parilla, the outstanding Artist Coaching of Michael Flororita, and the Marketing Genius of Real Florido.

</doc>
<doc id="21517524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517524" title="Matoya Bay">
Matoya Bay

The bay is known for cultivation of oyster in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21517562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517562" title="Controllers (band)">
Controllers (band)

The Controllers were a four piece R&B band from Fairfield, Alabama, U.S.A. They were formed in 1965 and had record releases from 1977 to 1998 one of their biggest hits was 'Stay' released in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21517630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517630" title="Hillside Cannibals">
Hillside Cannibals

Hillside Cannibals is a 2006 American horror film directed by Leigh Scott and produced by The Asylum. The film is a mockbuster of the film "The Hills Have Eyes", another film released around the same month, but its plot also incorporates elements from other films, including "Cannibal Holocaust", "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "House of 1000 Corpses".
Plot.
In the year 1606, Sawney Bean (Leigh Scott), a ruthless psychopath, earned a notoriety as the world's most brutal serial killer, predating Jack the Ripper and Bloody Bill by several hundred years. In life, Sawney was a cannibal, who captured his victims and literally butchered them, feasting on their corpses afterwards.
His practices are continued in the modern day by his in-bred descendants, who dwell in vast caves on the coast and feed on the flesh of passers-by, as a group of teenagers soon discover whilst exploring the steep cliff-face where Sawney's descendants dwell in search of flesh.

</doc>
<doc id="21517631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517631" title="Perth Amboy and Woodbridge Railroad">
Perth Amboy and Woodbridge Railroad

The Perth Amboy and Wooodbridge Railroad was a railroad operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad. The main line began along the Pennsy main at Rahway, New Jersey. The line was only 6 miles long and was electrified in the year 1935. The line ended at the now closed Essay Tower in South Amboy, New Jersey. The rail line was double tracked and was used for both freight and passenger service. At Essay it would become the New York and Long Branch Railroad which would run to Bay Head Junction. At Essay traffic from the main or the South Amboy engine facility to the holding track outside the station. Essay also controlled traffic on the Camden and Amboy Railroad today known as the Amboy Secondary Track.
Today.
Today this line is part of New Jersey Transit's North Jersey Coast Line, which operates into New York's Pennsylvania Station. This line is controlled by the NJ Transit North Jersey Coast Line Dispatcher from Graw interlocking (inclusive), to the west. Amtrak CETC-9 controls from Graw (exclusive) east into Amtrak's Union Interlocking. Between Perth Amboy, New Jersey and South Amboy, New Jersey the main line crosses the Raritan Bay Drawbridge over the Raritan River.

</doc>
<doc id="21517632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517632" title="Into the New World (song)">
Into the New World (song)

"Into the New World" (Hangul: 다시 만난 세계;RR: "Dasi Mannan Segye") is a Korean song and the first single by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. The single was released on August 2, 2007.
The song was originally intended to be a title track for a former S.M. Entertainment group M.I.L.K.'s second album.
History.
The song was produced by the founder and chairman of famous Korean music company S.M. Entertainment, Lee Soo-man.
Music video.
The music video features a small amount of dance scenes. The video starts with a plane landing, followed by a silhouette of the girls forming a line and then dancing. During this, text appears saying “Into the New World, Or Not.. It’s Up to Your Choice.. ”. Throughout the music video, it shows the girls doing activities, either alone or coupled with another member. The activities done by the girls are:
There are two dance settings featured in the video. The first one is a room with a white background, and the second one is a lobby of a shopping mall.
Release.
The song was originally first performed by the group in SBS's "The Music Trend" on August 5, 2007. "Into the New World" reached number one on Mnet's "M! Countdown".

</doc>
<doc id="21517634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517634" title="Prestranek">
Prestranek

Prestranek (; ) is a settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Prestranek is the location of Prestranek Castle, an estate first mentioned in written sources in 1581. In 1728 it was bought by Emperor Charles VI and managed together with the Lipica stud farm. It operated as a royal farm until the First World War, when it was taken over by the army. After the Second World War it was again revived as part of the Lipica Estate. In the 1990s it was privatized and now operates as an equestrian centre.

</doc>
<doc id="21517645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517645" title="Lana Jalosjos">
Lana Jalosjos

Lana Jalosjos is a Filipina singer, Politician, and former TV Host of the longest afternoon running variety show Eat Bulaga, aired on GMA Network.
Family.
She is the daughter of Romeo G. Jalosjos, the previous Congressman of Zamboanga del Norte, and a sister of Bullet Jalosjos, who is currently a Board member of Zamboanga del Norte. She stayed at the Dakak Beach Resort in Dapitan City while managing the singing competition and variety show called G-Idol in Dapitan City from 2008 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21517653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517653" title="Double Cross Vodka">
Double Cross Vodka

Double Cross Vodka is a brand of distilled spirit produced in the Slovak Republic. The distillery that produces Double Cross is situated in the town of Stará Ľubovňa, which is located in the Tatra Mountains in northeastern Slovakia.
Double Cross founders Malcolm Lloyd and John Gellner saw that there were few, if any, luxury goods from Slovakia in the U.S.. They also noted that there were few vodka brands in the price range set for Double Cross; however there are many vodkas in the market. They put four years of research and development into their liquor, touring distilleries throughout Eastern Europe to find Jan Krak, a master distiller in Slovakia near the Polish border.
According to its producers, Double Cross is seven-times distilled and seven-times filtered and made using locally-grown winter wheat and mountain spring water sourced from deep aquifers.
Bottle Design.
The custom bottle design was created by designers Brian Adducci and Dan Baggenstoss of the Minneapolis design firm CAPSULE. It is uniquely flat and rectangular, unlike virtually any spirit container on the market, made from high-end French crystal, laser engraved custom calligraphy with 10th-century Slovakian poetry on the back and the Double Cross logo on the front, and topped with a heavy polished metal snap-on cap. The Double Cross name acknowledged the brands heritage from the cross found in the Slovak flag and coat of arms.
Accolades.
Both the vodka and the unique bottle design have earned a variety of awards and attention in the consumer and business press.
In 2008, Double Cross won a gold medal for taste and a gold medal for package design at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition.
"Wine Enthusiast" gave Double Cross a rare 95-point "Highly Recommended" review and also included Double Cross in it selection of "Top 50 Spirits from 2009
F. Paul Pacult, in his industry publication Spirit Journal, gave Double Cross a 4-star/”Highly Recommended” review.
while Anthony Dias Blue gave Double Cross an “Outstanding” review in the Tasting Panel Magazine.
Playboy magazine said "rare that we single out a vodka for praise, but we'll make an exception for Double Cross." 
News.
Dr. Malcolm Lloyd, the 42 year old Founder, Chairman and CEO of Old Nassau Imports and Double Cross Vodka, was killed in a car crash in Miami Beach early Thursday, April 24, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21517670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517670" title="Hai Ha Confectionery">
Hai Ha Confectionery

Hai Ha Confectionery JSC ("CTCP Bánh kẹo Hải Hà") (HASTC:HHC, HaiHaCo) is one of the top five confectionery companies of Vietnam.
Information.
Hai Ha Confectionery is known for manufacturing and distributing cake, biscuits, candy, snacks and jams, the company's operations are primarily in north Vietnam and the Hanoi area; it also operates branches in Da Nang and Ho Chi Minh City. The company is based in Hai Ba Trung, Hanoi and is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center. The cities in which the factories are located is Hanoi capital, Viettri city, Thaibinh city. A of now in the factories, there are about ten production lines. This company was established in the year of 1960. Hai Ha Confectionery currently exports their products to the countries Japan, Taiwan, Russia, the Middle East and Asian countries. They are currently trying to expand their exporting into the areas of Asia, Far Eastern countries and European countries. In the year of 2003, the company decided to go private and it now operates officially under Joint Stock Company.
Products.
The main products that Hai Ha Confectionery is known for includes the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21517684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517684" title="Daniele Pellissier">
Daniele Pellissier

Daniele Pellissier (born 1905, date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier.
Pellissier was born in the Aosta Valley. He finished 15th at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix at the competition of 18-km-cross-country skiing and took part as a soldier at the Italian military patrol team at the 1928 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz (demonstration). The team finished fourth. Also in 1928, he won the third place in the 35 kilometres event of the Italian men's championships of cross-country skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="21517691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517691" title="Will of God">
Will of God

The will of God, divine will, or God's plan is the concept of God having a plan for humanity, and desiring to see this plan fulfilled.
Interpretations.
One general monotheistic concept is the Kingdom of God, with God as being a king, and of all "creation" as his kingdom. Within this kingdom, his human children find salvation through accepting and following his will. "But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law." 
In Judaism, the will of God is said to be encompassed both in the Ten Commandments and in the Mitzvah (Hebrew: מצווה, "commandment"; plural, mitzvos or mitzvot; from צוה, tzavah, "command") is a word used in Judaism to refer to the 613 commandments given in the Torah and the seven rabbinic commandments instituted later for a total of 620. The Seven Laws of Noah (Sheva mitzvot B'nei Noach), often referred to as the Noahide Laws, are a set of seven moral imperatives that, according to the Talmud, were given by God to Noah as a binding set of laws for all mankind. According to Judaism any non-Jew who lives according to these laws is regarded as a righteous gentile and is assured of a place in the world to come (Olam Haba), the Jewish concept of heaven. There are various Christian views on the old covenant
In Christianity, some assert the Law of Christ, a supercessesionist view that Jesus "commandments" superseded Jewish law. Paul of Tarsus wrote: "To those not having the law I became like one not having the law (though I am not free from God's law but am under Christ's law), so as to win those not having the law." "Indeed, when Gentiles, who do not have the law, do by nature things required by the law, they are a law for themselves, even though they do not have the law." Leslie Weatherhead says that God's will falls into three distinct categories; intentional, circumstantial, and ultimate. God intends for people to follow his guidelines and do the right thing; God set the laws of physics and chemistry into play, and those circumstances will sometimes cause difficulties. That does not mean we should not struggle against circumstances to create God's ultimate will, a peaceful world dominated by love and compassion.
In Islam, submission and surrender are terms referring to the acceptance of God's will, while Sharia is a concept expressing Islamic jurisprudence, or an Islamic form of religious government, claims to be the more perfect fulfillment of the will of God.
In Sikhism, Hukam is a Punjabi word derived from the Arabic "hukm", meaning "command" or "order." In God whose is referred to as Waheguru. It is by the command of Him that we are born and we die. In the Sikh Scripture, the founder of the religion, Guru Nanak says:
The whole of the Universe is subject to the Hukam of the Creator God. Nothing ever happens without the Will of Him. This is accepted as one of the primary concepts of Sikhism. For the Sikh, the acceptance of His Hukam is a concept that needs to be learnt and understood.
As for Deism, it has been explained: 
A similar formulation would apply to the subtype Pandeism, except that instead of becoming remote, God has become inaccessible and non intervening through its choice to fully become our Universe.
Expressions.
Various religions have common expressions relating to the will of God.

</doc>
<doc id="21517713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517713" title="Western Kentucky Railway">
Western Kentucky Railway

The Western Kentucky Railway is a shortline railroad in Kentucky, connecting coal mines with CSX Transportation at Providence. The lines were part of the Illinois Central Gulf Railroad until March 1982, when Costain Coal, Inc. bought the trackage and set up the Tradewater Railway to operate it. In January 1995, the Rail Management and Consulting Corporation acquired the property and transferred it to the new Western Kentucky Railway. Genesee & Wyoming Inc. acquired it from the Rail Management Corporation in 2005.
When created in 1995, the Western Kentucky Railway owned lines from Providence to a junction at Blackford, and from Blackford north to Waverly and south to the Paducah and Louisville Railway at Princeton. Most of the north-south line, once the main line of the Ohio Valley Railway (an Illinois Central Railroad predecessor) was abandoned in 1995 and 1996, leaving only the piece between Blackford and Dekoven. (The Fredonia Valley Railroad later acquired the section from Princeton to Fredonia.)

</doc>
<doc id="21517721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517721" title="Jalu Municipality">
Jalu Municipality

Jalu Municipality () was one of the municipalities ("baladiyah") of Libya from 1983 to 1987. It lay in the northeastern part of the country. Its capital was Jalu. From 2001 to 2007 the area was part of Ajdabiya District. As of 2007 it was subsumed within the enlarged Al Wahat District.
Towns and villages 1983-1987.
The settlements in Jalu Municipality were: Al Hiri, Labba, Mawahi, Shurraf, Jalu, Jikharra, Masliwa, and Rashida

</doc>
<doc id="21517731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517731" title="Marital conversion">
Marital conversion

Marital conversion is religious conversion upon marriage, either as a conciliatory act, or a mandated requirement according to a particular religious belief. Endogamous religious cultures may have certain opposition to interfaith marriage and ethnic assimilation, and may assert prohibitions against the conversion ("marrying out") of one their own claimed adherents. Conversely, they may require the marital conversion of those who wish to marry one of their adherents.
Islam.
This is provided that the children from that marriage be raised as "believers," a common Islamic term for Muslims. 
The Qur'anic verses generally quoted are:
Judaism.
Jewish views on religious conversion due to intermarriage are largely in opposition to such marriage even if such marriages are tolerated. If a non-Jew wishes to become a Jew, in the sense that they practice Judaism and thus are accepted as a Jew, they are, depending on the Jewish religious tradition, typically welcome. On the other hand, if a Jew desires to leave Judaism, they are regarded as apostates or "assimilators" into a non-Jewish religion or culture. Non-Jewish cultures, tend to be regarded and portrayed as negative; being idolatrous, or rejecting of God (as Jews conceive God).
Some Jewish leaders have called Jewish intermarriage a "Silent Holocaust," particularly in 20th-21st century America where as many as 47% of American Jews have intermarried with non-Jews in past two decades. Such cultural and religious assimilation is said to represent a slow destruction of the Jewish people. Others have expressed a different view, accepting or tolerating such marriages, instead focusing their attention towards the concept that the children of a Jewish parent be raised Jewish, with some sense of their identity rooted in Judaism and in Jewish culture.
Catholicism.
Historically, in the case of the Roman Catholic Church, Catholics were obligated to marry only other Catholics, and marital conversion of the non-Catholic party was considered almost obligatory. However, it was permissible for a Catholic to marry a non-Catholic baptized in a manner recognized by the Catholic Church as valid (i.e., mainline Protestants such as Episcopalians or Lutherans, and Eastern Orthodox), but a dispensation had to be granted by a bishop and the non-Catholic party had to agree to raise the children as Catholics. Marriage to unbaptized persons, meaning all non-Christians and members of some Christian denominations (such as Unitarians or Mormons), was forbidden.
Sikhism.
Sikhism is a very open religion and accepts women and men from different religions to marry in.
Hinduism.
Hinduism has allowances for such practice even if Hinduism considers all religions are a way to God, but there can be political differences and so marital conversion is sometimes discouraged. Throughout Hindu history, interreligious marriages have also been a way for keeping the peace and building alliances.

</doc>
<doc id="21517745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517745" title="Yangon International School">
Yangon International School

Yangon International School (YIS) is a private college-preparatory school, located in Yangon, Myanmar.YIS offers an American-based curriculum from grades K to 12. YIS was accredited by WASC in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21517749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517749" title="Hugh S. Knowles">
Hugh S. Knowles

Hugh S. Knowles (Hynes Iowa Sept. 23, 1904 - April 22, 1988) was an American acoustical engineer, inventor, and manufacturer in the hearing aids field. He was the holder of more than 50 patents in acoustics and related fields. 
In 1946, Knowles founded Knowles Electronics, one of the world's major manufacturers of microphones, especially for medical applications. The company is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois.
He was a Fellow and past president of the Audio Engineering Society and a Fellow, Silver Medal recipient, and president of the Acoustical Society of America and a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE). In 1978, he received the AES Gold Medal for his many significant contributions to the audio field. Knowles was elected into the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="21517758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517758" title="Rakitnik">
Rakitnik

Rakitnik (; ) is a village settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The Postojna Airfield, sometimes also referred to as the Rakitnik Airfield, a grass-covered sports airfield, is located just north of the settlement.
The local church is dedicated to the Betrothal of Mary and belongs to the Parish of Matenja Vas.

</doc>
<doc id="21517781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517781" title="Tran Thu Ha">
Tran Thu Ha

Trần Thu Hà, also known as Hà Trần (born August 26, 1977 in Hanoi, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese pop singer. She is considered by the public and critics as one of the four divas in Vietnam, besides Thanh Lam, Hồng Nhung and Mỹ Linh.
Childhood.
Ha Tran is the daughter of Tran Hieu and Vu Thuy Huyen. Trần Hiếu has known as a People's Artist and an opera teacher. Her mother was former Dean of Singing Department of Hanoi National Conservatory of Music and also an achievements teacher died due to cancer when she was 14. Ha Tran grew up most influenced by her brother Trần Vũ Hoàng, a painter/Dean of Fine Arts Department at Hanoi College of Arts, and her uncle - the famous songwriter and singer Trần Tiến, who she looks up as an inspirer of her music career.
Ha Tran faced with many difficulties at the beginning. She did not have a strong natural voice. Many of her early critics thought she was not a distinguished talent. Her parents therefore decided to put her in a dance class at the age of six and piano lessons when she was eight years old. Despite the set-back, Ha Tran applied to learn singing with her auntie at elementary level in Hanoi College of Arts at the age of 11, and continued study to get her "Bachelor of Singing" from Hanoi National Conservatory of Music in 2000. Throughout her hard work at school, Ha started to earn many awards: Most potential voice in the contest Best Voice of Hanoi (1993); First Class of National Student Singing Festival (1994); third place at the Oriole Voice (Giọng hát Vàng Anh) held by Japan NHK Television and Horitro Productions (1995). She also won Golden Medal of National Professional Singer Award in 1995 and Best Recording Artist by Viet Nam Musician Association in the following year (1996).
In 1998, Ha Tran contract signed with Youth Pictures (Hãng Phim Trẻ) mark her starting point as a professional singer.
1998 - 2001: "Em về tinh khôi" (Purity) and "Bài tình cho giai nhân" (Love Songs For Beauty).
Ha Tran first studio collaboration with Bang Kieu "Wake up eglantine" produced by "Hãng phim Trẻ" (Youth Pictures) in 1998 includes songs composed by Dương Thụ, Bảo Chấn, Trần Tiến, Ngọc Châu [http://hatranmusic.com]... The album gained them both regconition throughout the country and was one of the best new artist sellers at that time.
In 1999, "Youth Pictures" released her debut studio album "Purity", which produced by musician Quốc Bảo. A series of hits in this album established her pop star status such as "Purity" (Quốc Bảo), "Lời ru cho con" (Lullaby) (Xuân Phương – theme for drama of "Của đề dành" (Inherit)), "Tóc gió thôi bay" (Trần Tiến), "Ngày em đến" (Từ Huy) and gave her the title People of The Year among the most high-profile entertainers.
In 2000, her second solo album "Love Songs For Beauty" co-produced with musician Quốc Bảo, including songs: "Đêm cô đơn" (Lonely night), "Hãy yêu nhau đi" (Love to love) a remarkable duet with Diva Thanh Lam, "Dấu phố em qua", "Em về tóc xanh", "Chờ em nơi thềm trăng"... Both of her albums received positive critical reception and became best-selling albums of all time under her label Youth Pictures. However, she deparded from them and went freelance when the contract ended. She continue to released another collaborations "Tự họa" (Self portrait) with her uncle the famous songster Trần Tiến, which soon became another national best-selling records and open a new chapter of her career mark her angelic voice with hits written by him like: "Em vẫn như ngày xưa" (Forever young), "Dòng sông mùa thu" (River and the Fall), "Phố nghèo" (Old Town), "Tóc gió thôi bay", "Sắc màu" (Colors), "Chị tôi" (My sister), "Thành phố trẻ" (City of the Youth)...
In April, Ha live performance in "FM Blue Wave Awards" made the song "Colors" became a mega hit. She was voted Top 10 Singers by radio program of FM Làn sóng xanh (Blue Wave Awards) from 1998 to 2001 and also won the title "Most Favorite Singer" of "Mai Vàng" (Golden Orchid Awards), 2000. Later this year Ha Tran took part with many household names in live concert "Chiều Hà Nội" (Hanoi evening) created by musician Vũ Quang Trung to promote their previous jazz collaborations "Lullaby for your eyes" (1999) features saxophonist Tran Manh Tuan. Many fabulous songs were performed by Ha Tran like: "Tiếng mưa", "Lời cuối tình yêu", "Anh yêu em"…drew the fans interest and expanded her influence as a multi style soloist.
During 1998-2001, Ha Tran participated in many other collaborations: "Môi hồng đào 1,2,3" (Red lips); "Nghe mưa 2" (Listen to the rain) (with songs composed by Bảo Chấn and Dương Thụ), "Thanh Tùng Love songs 1 & 2", "Vừa biết dấu yêu "(Puberty), series of Quốc Bảo's albums "(Ngồi hát ca bềnh bồng, Vàng son)"...and featured in many popular concert shows such as Duyên dáng Việt Nam, Đồng Vọng Bốn Mùa, Dòng thời gian, Mai Vàng Awards, etc...
2001-2002: "Nhật thực" (Solar eclipse).
In 2002, Ha Tran and musician Ngọc Đại held "Nhật thực" (Solar eclipse) live show throughout Vietnam to introduce the same album - "Nhật thực". The live show was designed with all songs written by Ngọc Đại and lyrics from poems of Vi Thùy Linh. Besides, this show was also contributed by composer Đỗ Bảo, singers Minh Anh - Minh Ánh (2M band), choreographer Quỳnh Lan, vision director Việt Tú and the stage decorator Trần Vũ Hoàng (Hà's brother).
"Nhat thuc" faced with a burden of troubles with its commencement. There was a scandal of copyright dispute between Ha and Hồng Nhung in respect of song- "Det tam gai" (Weaving Tam Gai), Ngoc Dai then stopped Hong Nhung to perform this song. However, in December 2001, "Nhật thực" was hindered by the Performance Administration because the lyrics was so "sexy" that they may "cause bad effects to the culture and ethic of Vietnamese music" (said Mr. Lê Nam – Director of the Administration). Therefore, the album was delayed in order to remove and amend its lyrics; 2 songs - "Tự Tình" and "Mơ" (Dreaming) used to be the starting songs in this concept album with marvelous melody were removed; the lyrics of 2 songs "Cây nữ tu" and "Đừng hát tình ca du mục nữa" (Don't sing the nomad's love song) .
After settling the above matters, the show took place in April 2002, and then "Nhật thực" album was also public in May. "Nhật thực" album includes 7 songs: "Nghi ngại" (Shadow of doubt), "Đừng hát tình ca du mục nữa" (Don't sing the nomad's love song), "Phía ngày nắng tắt" (Other side of sunset), "Dệt tầm gai" (Weaving Tam Gai), "Tiếc nuối" (Regret), "Ảo ảnh" (Illusion), "Nhật thực" (Solar eclipse). The two songs "Mơ" (Dreaming) and "Tự tình" were removed, the album with 9 songs became 7 songs album, song of "Cây nữ tu" was changed under new name of "Ảo ảnh". "Nhật thực" was one concept album, with a completed story. 7 songs expressed 7 stories told by a girl in love with her desperation, doubt, regret and obsession.
Right after release, "Nhật thực" made a shock to Vietnam's music with its strange and new trend, including lyrics, melody, performance art and arrangement. This show became a special music event and was voted by presses as one of the cultural phenomenon of 2002, a great landmark of innovation in music original style and performance in Vietnam. In additions, the existence of "Nhật thực" oriented the music audiences in Vietnam to be interested in music harmony, arrangement and mix of an album. "Nhật thực" was also an important step in the career of Ha Tran, causing prominent development of her style: Stronger, Special and Diversity. As from "Nhật thực", Ha was called as one of 4 divas of Vietnamese music.
Nevertheless, after success of the first show, the dispute arose among the members of the show, Ngọc Đại - Trần Thu Hà - Vi Thuỳ Linh. As a result, after Nhật thực 1, Trần Thu Hà announced on the press that she quit Nhat thuc. Ngọc Đại continued with his own Nhật thực 2 in 2003, without Ha Tran and Vi Thuỳ Linh, but there were many stars of Vietnam such as: Thanh Lam, Hồ Quỳnh Hương, Linh Dung, Tùng Dương, Khánh Linh, Ngọc Khuê… However, "Nhat Thuc 2" live concert and the album (sold at special price of VND 6000, equal to about USD 0.5) did not get any success as the first one.
2002-2004: "Thanh Lam - Hà Trần".
In October 2002, Hà Trần and Mỹ Linh went to San Jose, California, USA for a charity show. The show was held by Vnhelp to raise a fund for the poor students. Ha Tran not only performed her hits but also sang many prewar songs, such as "Yêu" (To love) (Văn Phụng), "Hương xưa" (Memory of Incense) (Cung Tiến)... At the same time, a famous rock band of Vietnam The Wall noted that they would only invite Hà Trần in their show but she could not participate.
November 2002, Ha had her great performance with Ian Shaw in the special show held by British Council. She suddenly inspired and filled in with several folk songs with Ian Shaw.
In 2003, her voice appeared in the album vol.3 of Quoc Bao - "Bình yên" (Peaceful) with the songs: "Bình yên, Gió" (Windy), "Tình ca" (Love Song), "Là yêu chưa từng yêu" (To love as the beginner), "Tình ơi" (Dearest). "Bình yên" a duet song with her father - Trần Hiếu – received many supports and good complements from the audience. Her voice in the song of "Là yêu chưa từng yêu" was taken in to "Hotel Vietnam" album of Japanese musician, Makoto Katoba.
In April 2003, she suddenly appeared in the second live show of The Wall band with the song "Khám phá" (Discovery) as a female rocker.
In August 2003, she was invited as a judge of Sao Mai Singers’ Contest (former name: National Music Festival of VTV) when she was only 26, the youngest judge in the history of this national music contest.
In October 2003, Ha held a live show in the series of "Âm nhạc và những người bạn" (Music and friends show) with theme of "Colors". This show was supported by Vietnam Television and live broadcast on VTV3 channel with the participation of Ha's friends: Trần Hiếu, Trần Tiến, Thanh Lam, Phương Thanh, Nguyễn Ngọc Ánh, 5 Dòng Kẻ, etc.
In 2004, Ha cooperate with her closed friend, Diva Thanh Lam, to release the album "Thanh Lam - Hà Trần". The album included songs written by Trịnh Công Sơn, Thuận Yến, Kim Ngọc, Niels Lan Doky, Lê Minh Sơn and Thanh Lam (Thanh Lam wrote some songs for this album). Most of songs in this album were duet, Ha Tran had 3 solo songs "Sao đổi ngôi" (Kim Ngọc), "Chạy trốn" (Lê Minh Sơn) and "Trái tim lang thang" (Thanh Lam). At the same time, Ha also participated in "Nghiêng nghiêng rừng chiều" album of Nguyễn Cường with 2 songs "Cho tình yêu bay lên bồng bềnh" and "Để em mơ".
In October 2004, Ha Tran participated in the "Lời của giòng sông" - Trịnh Công Sơn and guitar. The album included 5 classic solo guitar song and 8 songs with singer and guitar, in which Hà Trần sang 4 "Tình xa, Tình nhớ, Mưa hồng, Xin trả nợ người".
Ha got married in 2004 with an Oversea Vietnamese in the USA. Then, she moved to the USA with her husband.
2004-2005: "Hà Trần 98-03".
Since moving to the USA, Ha coordinated with Thuy Nga and had some performances in "Paris by Night".
In 2005, Ha release "Hà Trần 98-03". The album included hits of Ha Tran from 1998 to 2003 which were remixed: "Mùa xuân gọi, Phố nghèo, Dòng sông mùa thu, Sắc màu, Chuyện tình thảo nguyên" (Trần Tiến), "Lời chưa nói" (Xuân Phương - theme of drama "Phía trước là bầu trời"), "Mưa tháng giêng" (Việt Hùng - Nguyễn Việt Chiến), "Tình ca, Em về tóc xanh, Em về tinh khôi" (Quốc Bảo), "Hoa gạo" (Ngọc Đại - Phan Huyền Thư)... The album was also released in the USA under name of "Sắc màu - Tình ca" by Thúy Nga and was added a song "Tiến thoài lưỡng nan" . The album has 3 tracks recorded with some American musicians in 510 Studios, Fremont, California.
In July 2005, she performed in Miss Vietnamese USA Contest. In 11/2005, Ha came back Vietnam to perform as main actress in the musical "Mythology Night" dedicated to Trinh Cong Son by Phuong Nam Film. She sang three songs: "Nắng thuỷ tinh" (duet with Quang Dũng), "Lời thiên thu gọi, Tự tình khúc" (with 5 Dòng kẻ).
2006: "Communication 06".
In September 2006, Ha released the 5th album "Communication 06" ("Đối thoại 06"). This album was the first album produced by Hà Trần Productions (a company found by Ha Tran since 2005) implemented with her coordinators: musician Trần Tiến, Nguyễn Xinh Xô, Thanh Phương, Ben Doan (her husband), and 2 American sound engineers John Vestman and Max Neutra. The album was recorded at Kingkong Music Group (North Hollywood), Sound Matrix and Vestman Studio in Orange County, California and was published by Viết Tân Studio. The album was also released in the USA, and was sale on some website, such as CDBaby, Amazon, Target.
Communication 06 deemed to be the conversations between Eastern music (Vietnam) and Western music (The USA), between 2 musician generations Nguyễn Xinh Xô and Trần Tiến. The album was an indie album and subjected to genre of ambient/triphop/electronic, including songs of Trần Tiến ("Ra ngõ mà yêu, Bình nguyên xa vắng, Mưa bay tháp cổ, Lữ khách sông Hồng and Quê nhà") and Nguyễn Xinh Xô (Giấc mơ lạ, Nước sâu). Besides album had 3 instrumentals: "Tiếng gọi" (The Calling) by Ben Doan & Hà Trần, outro "Quê nhà"(Nolstagia) by Thanh Phương and "Without" by Ben Doan & Ha Tran.
After release, the album caused many debates and controversies in Vietnam on the value of such music. The album also drew the interest of both audiences and music critics with different comments. For all that, Hà Trần won the pride for "the Best Album" of Cống Hiến Contribution Awards (Culture and Sport Newspaper).
Beside album "Communication 06", Ha also dedicated some songs for album of Van Tuan Anh -"Giao khúc biển cả và núi đồi".
2007: "Tình ca qua thế kỷ" (Century of love songs).
In 2007, Ha participated in Paris by Night 90, 88, 86, 85, 84, 83, 82, 78. She had 2 duet song with Bằng Kiều in his album - "Vá lại tình tôi": "Bây giờ tháng mấy" (Từ Công Phụng) and "Cho quên thu đau thương" (Main dans la main). She acted as judge again in the "PBN Talent Show". Hà also participated in the debut album of new singer Hòa Trần by duet song "Lời ru cho con" (Lullaby) (Xuân Phương). Ha Tran, Thanh Lam and Tùng Dương also performed in the album of musician Trần Viết Tân - Biệt.
In July 2007, Ha Tran production cooperated with Thúy Nga to release album "Tình ca qua thế kỷ" (century of love songs). This album included prewar songs of Từ Công Phụng, Ngọc Bích, Đức Huy, Tùng Giang, Trịnh Công Sơn, Đoàn Chuẩn, Ngô Thụy Miên, Nguyễn Ánh 9, arranged by Thanh Phương, Nguyễn Xinh Xô, Nguyễn Nhân, Shane Barber. The album had some records of live performance in Paris by Night: "Tình khúc tháng 6" and "Đường xa ướt mưa" – duet with Bằng Kiều (PBN82), "Cô đơn" - Nguyễn Ánh 9 (PBN83), "Giọt lệ thiên thu" – duet with Khanh Ly, guitar Thanh Phương (PBN84). Especially, Cô đơn (Alone) was her great performance and musician Nguyễn Ánh 9 considered Ha Tran as greatest voice for this song. However, this album was only published in the USA because of some political issues.
2008: "Trần Tiến".
In 2008, Hà Trần Production released album the first musician's album Trần Tiến. Beside Hà Trần, the album was also contributed by Tùng Dương, Hòa T. Trần and David Trần. This album also expressed the maturity of Ha Tran's voice, sweet, feeling and sophistical and showed a different master picture of Trần Tiến. In this album Hà Trần skillfully used her voice as an instrument, she sang as she talked, naturally and balance in emotion. Album Trần Tiến was arranged with the concept of colors, theme and style of Trần Tiến.
In September 2008, Ha participated in her close friend's album Đỗ Bảo "Thời gian để yêu". The songs "Bài ca tháng 6" (Song for June) and "Câu trả lời" (The answer) were not catch-ear songs but they suddenly inspired Vietnamese audience right after release. Song for June was her perfect performance and was considered by Đỗ Bảo as the mutual understanding between the song writer and singer. At the end of 2008, Ha perform her dancing and singing in PBN95 with song "Ra ngõ mà yêu" (Leaving the alley).
In March 2009, album "Tran Tien" was nominated for 2008 Best Album of Cong Hien Contribution Awards (Culture and Sport Newspaper). Voting was done by music critics and newspapers/magazines in Vietnam. "Tran Tien" lost by 6 votes to first place winner Do Bao album "Thoi gian de yeu".
2009 - 2010: "Minimal Beast".
In 2009, Ha continued performing in some productions by Thuy Nga "Paris by Night" and travelled to Vietnam for several shows, including "Khúc giao mùa", "Bóng ai qua thềm", "Duyên Dáng Việt Nam 21", etc. She also found time to work on some new material and collaborated with electronic project Whodat (www.myspace.com/whodatmusic) by co-producing and singing 4 songs in English and Vietnamese. The result was a collective album called Minimal Beasts, and in December 2009, the first single Stroma won the people's choice prize of Bài Hát Việt show in Vietnam. This song was dedicated for the love of nature, describe the relationship between human being and the earth. Ha Tran Productions released Minimal Beasts in the U.S. in March, 2010.
2012 - 2013: "Đỗ Bảo - Hà Trần: Chuyện của Mặt Trời, Chuyện của Chúng ta".
"Đỗ Bảo - Hà Trần: Chuyện của Mặt Trời, Chuyện của Chúng Ta" released in 2013 and garnered critical acclaim, even though there was no press conference. The first impression of 2000 CDs were sold out within three days of its release (2000 CDs is considered a great number and success due to common piracy problem in Vietnam). It breathes modernity and simplicity yet carries a certain philosophical weight. The CD took 18 months of production via telecommunication with Do Bao in Ha Noi, Vietnam and Tran Thu Ha in Southern California, USA. The post-production took 10 days at a full-fledged studio in Boston. Some of fans' favorite are: "Chuyện tôi yêu", "Đôi Giày Lười", "Thời gian để yêu", "Kế Hoạch Làm Bạn", and "Bài Ca Cây Đàn". In December 2013, Đỗ Bảo & Hà Trần organized a few concerts in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City with great success. In January 2014, "Đỗ Bảo - Hà Trần: Chuyện của Mặt Trời, Chuyện của Chúng ta" was nominated for 4 Cống Hiến Awards, including Album of The Year, Singer of The Year, Concert of the Year, and Composer of the Year. The awards will take place on April 22, 2014 in Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="21517788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517788" title="James Clark (college president)">
James Clark (college president)

James Clark was the fifth president of Washington College 
Clark was born on March 9, 1812 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He attended the University of Pennsylvania, graduating in 1830. He was ordained by the Presbyterian Church on November 8, 1837. Before and after his presidency at Washington College, he was pastor at various churches in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. He was elected the fifth president of Washington College on May 6, 1850, where he was also Professor of Mental and Moral Science, and of the Hebrew, French and German Languages and Literature. Clark resigned the presidency on July 13, 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="21517789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517789" title="St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church Complex">
St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church Complex

St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church Complex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21517794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517794" title="AfPak">
AfPak

AfPak (or Af-Pak) was a neologism used within US foreign policy circles to designate Afghanistan and Pakistan as a single theater of operations. The neologism reflects the policy approach introduced by the Obama administration, which regarded the region of Afghanistan and Pakistan as having a single, dominant political and military situation that required a joint policy in the War on Terror.
Following sharp criticism from Pakistan, condemning the perceived comparison of their country with Afghanistan, the US Government stopped using the term in 2010.
Origin.
Michael Quinion writes that the term began appearing in newspaper articles in February 2009. The term was popularized, and possibly coined, by Richard Holbrooke, the Obama administration's Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan. In March 2008 (a year before he assumed that post) Holbrooke explained the motivation behind the term:
First of all, we often call the problem AfPak, as in Afghanistan Pakistan. This is not just an effort to save eight syllables. It is an attempt to indicate and imprint in our DNA the fact that there is one theater of war, straddling an ill-defined border, the Durand Line, and that on the western side of that border, NATO and other forces are able to operate. On the eastern side, it’s the sovereign territory of Pakistan. But it is on the eastern side of this ill-defined border that the international terrorist movement is located.
According to the US government, the common policy objective was to disrupt, dismantle, and prevent Al Qaeda and its affiliates from having a safe haven from which it can continue to operate and plot attacks against the U.S and its allies. This policy decision represented a shift from previous ways of thinking about Afghanistan as an independent problem that required a military solution. The AfPak strategy was an attempt to win the “hearts and minds” of the Afghan and Pakistani people.
Impact.
The term AfPak has entered the lexicon of geopolitics, and has made clear to the world that the primary fronts for the global war on terrorism lie in Afghanistan and Pakistan. It has reinforced the message that the problems of Islamic religious extremism, and the resulting terror infrastructure and problems in the two countries are intertwined.
Official use of the term within the Obama administration has been echoed by the media, as in "The Washington Post" series "The AfPak War" and "The Af-Pak Channel", a joint project of the New America Foundation and "Foreign Policy" magazine launched in August 2009.
Criticism.
The term has been widely criticized in Pakistan. Amir Taheri writes that Holbrooke's use of the term has been resented by many Pakistanis, who see Pakistan as "in a different league than the much smaller and devastated Afghanistan." Clifford May writes that it is disliked by Afghans as well.
Pakistani journalist Saeed Shah who is a contributor to The Guardian newspaper mentioned that the international community have always had Pakistan and India bracketed together, and Pakistan always had, and still in some ways, compares itself with India. This is due to the fact that Pakistan was a part of India before 1947. Pakistanis have never compared themselves with Afghans. He mentions that the United States has lumped Pakistan with Afghanistan under "Af-Pak", a diplomatic relegation, while India is lauded as a growing power. This is a key reason why Pakistan is seeking a nuclear deal with the US as "parity" with India.
In June 2009 former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf criticized the term in an interview with "Der Spiegel":
I am totally against the term AfPak. I do not support the word itself for two reasons: First, the strategy puts Pakistan on the same level as Afghanistan. We are not. Afghanistan has no government and the country is completely destabilized. Pakistan is not. Second, and this is much more important, is that there is an Indian element in the whole game. We have the Kashmir struggle, without which extremist elements like Lashkar-e-Taiba would not exist.
As seen by Pakistan, India "should have been" part of a wide regional strategy including Afghanistan, Pakistan and Kashmir. However, the Indian government disposed of this proposition with ease.
Answering questions at a June 2009 press conference in Islamabad, Holbrooke "said the term 'Afpak' was not meant to demean Pakistan, but was 'bureaucratic shorthand' intended to convey that the situation in the border areas on both sides was linked and one side could not be resolved without the other." In January 2010 Holbrooke said that the administration had stopped using the term: "We can't use it anymore because it does not please people in Pakistan, for understandable reasons."

</doc>
<doc id="21517816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517816" title="Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited">
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited

Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), is an oil refinery at Mangalore and is a subsidiary of ONGC, set up in 1993. The refinery is located at Katipalla, north from centre of Mangalore city. The refinery was established after displacing five villages of Bala, Kalavar, Kuthetoor, Katipalla, and Adyapadi.
The refinery has a versatile design with high flexibility to process crudes of various API gravity and with high degree of automation. MRPL has a design capacity to process 9.69 million metric tonnes per annum and is the only refinery in India to have two hydrocrackers producing premium diesel (high cetane). It is also the only refinery in India to have two CCRs producing unleaded petrol of high octane. Currently, the refinery is processing about 12.5 million tonnes of crude per year and had a turnover of US$8 billion during last year. 
MRPL, which was a joint sector company, become a PSU subsequent on acquisition of its majority shares by ONGC. As on 1 April 2007, 71.62% shares are held by ONGC, 16.95% shares are held by HPCL, and remaining shares are with public and financial institutions. MRPL has also been declared as Miniratna, a mini jewel, by Government of India in 2007. 
Before acquisition by ONGC in March 2003, MRPL was a joint venture oil refinery promoted by M/s Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL), a public sector company and M/s IRIL & associates (AV Birla Group). MRPL was set up in 1988 with the initial processing capacity of 3.0 million metric tonnes per annum that was later expanded to the present capacity of 9.69 million metric tonnes per annum. 
The refinery was conceived to maximise middle distillates, with capability to process light to heavy and sour to sweet crudes with 24 to 46 API gravity. On 28 March 2003, ONGC acquired the total shareholding of A.V. Birla Group and further infused equity capital of Rs.6 billion thus making MRPL a majority-held subsidiary of ONGC. The lenders also agreed to the debt restructuring package (DRP) proposed by ONGC, which included, "inter alia", conversion up to Rs365 core of their loans into equity. Subsequently, ONGC has acquired equity allotted to the lenders pursuant to DRP raising ONGC's holding in MRPL to 71.62 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="21517822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517822" title="The Oxford">
The Oxford

The Oxford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21517824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517824" title="Aventura (manga)">
Aventura (manga)

Aventura is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shin Midorikawa. It has been serialized in Monthly Shōnen Sirius. As of February 2009, Kodansha has published 3 "bound volumes" of the manga.
The manga is licensed for an English released by Del Rey Manga. As of March 2009, Del Rey Manga has published 3 "bound volumes" of the manga.
Synopsis.
The story opens with Lewin Randit and his archenemy, first-year Darwell Turkfan clashing in the swordsmanship practice field. In combat, Darwell taunts Lewin calling him "loser-kun" not long after releasing a powerful sword wave, enraging Lewin. As his temper flares, he swings his sword over his head, breaking a rule of conduct, and knocks Darwell to the ground. Stabbing the earth beside Darwell's head he threatens Darwell, causing him to submit. Seconds after the fight, Professor Qualfer suddenly appears and grabs Lewin by the neck, scolds him for swinging his weapon above his head, and sends him to the infirmary to have his wounds patched. As the healer, Professor Milieu Rouge, cleans his scars, Lewin asks why she doesn't use magic to heal his wounds. He believes it is because he is the only student unable to use magic so that the healer would treat him differently. Milieu explains that although she has the power to heal with magic, she restrains herself because by doing so, she would upset the natural balance. As Lewin exits the infirmary he comes across a wall that separates the wizardry division with the swordsmanship classes. There, he is overwhelmed by painful memories of his peers, specifically Darwell, taunting him about his red hair and inability to use magic. Has the thoughts unravel, he ends up injuring himself by clouting the wall out of agony. As he cries, Lewin remarks that despite his perception of only feeling frustration at first, he still harbors that emotional pain. The following day, Lewin pays a visit to the school library in order the research methods to fix his rusty sword with. As he descends on a moving stairway, a book unexpectedly plummets from the sky, followed by a girl whom Lewin catches. Her weight sends him tumbling down the stairway as an elf rushes to the girl's aid. Noticing that she has injured Lewin, the girl attempts to patch his wounds with little success, apologizing for her inability to use healing magic. Upon hearing that, Lewin tells the girl the same thing that Milieu had told him the day before: Don't use magic for everything. The elf gathers Lewin's books before both the girl and elf recognize him as the "Red Haired Boy". They introduce themselves as Chris Cottonburg and Soela Evenport before proposing the fact that he is "famous". They go on to tell Lewin the rumors that they have heard of him. Lewin finally realizes how people think of him, believing that Soela and Chris were going to brag about their learning and ridicule him. Instead Chris complements Lewin for being a kind person for helping Soela. Soela thanks Lewin for his help and smiles at him, which takes him by surprise. Suddenly, a large object falls from above, which lands on Lewin's head. Soela remarks on how the beast creature usually stays away from people and suggests that maybe he wants to thank Lewin for his deed. Chris and Soela then tell Lewin of their assignment from the magic classes. They are to open a book sealed by a magic force. The only way to open it is to locate where all the hidden passageways are in the school. Easily, Lewin is able to tell the two where the passages are since he has spent much of time at the school observing. The books opens, much to Chris and Soela's delight. After the incident, Lewin becomes their friend, making him much more happy as noted by one of the school's enchanted cleaning maids. Everyday, Lewin would meet Soela and Chris at the library. Eventually, Chris and Soela decide to smuggle Lewin into the Magic division of the school to thank him.
Eventually, Chis and Soela decide to show Lewing one of the classrooms. The find one that is unlocked, and hurry in. Lewin immediately begins to look around, touching many of the items in the room, including an bottle of undead seeds. He uncorks the bottle to look inside, but Soela hastily runs in to warn them of a teacher coming their way. As the trio rush out, Lewin places the bottle of undead seeds on the counter. It falls to the ground and shatters, exposing the seeds to oxygen. Due to the fact that oxygen causes the activation of the seeds, skeletons spring out. The skeletons eventually break out of the classroom and invade the campus, causing much panic. The invasion reaches the degree where it is necessary for teacher intervention.
Reception.
"Aventura" has been compared to "Harry Potter" through the shared theme of magic schooling, as well as Naruto with regard to the central protagonist. The manga has been criticized for the similarity in its character designs and the derivative nature of its story. Jason Thompson's appendix to commends the manga's combination of "shōjo-esque layouts with a shōnen self-esteem theme". He criticises the art for being "too ornate for its own good, and the uniformly cute, degendered, sparkly-haired characters are hard to tell apart".

</doc>
<doc id="21517836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517836" title="2009 Malaysia national football team results">
2009 Malaysia national football team results

This article details the fixtures and results of the Malaysia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="21517843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517843" title="Rakulik">
Rakulik

Rakulik () is a small settlement in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church, built on a small hill north of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint John of Nepomuk and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21517877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517877" title="Executive Order 13491">
Executive Order 13491

Executive Order 13491 is an Executive Order issued on January 22, 2009 by United States President Barack Obama ordering compliance with US domestic law, and its international agreements, in its treatment of captives.
The full title of the order is: "Executive Order 13491 - Ensuring Lawful Interrogations".
As part of this order Obama rescinded Executive Order 13440.

</doc>
<doc id="21517879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517879" title="Władysław Żytkowicz">
Władysław Żytkowicz

Władysław Żytkowicz (January 15, 1907 – April 1977) was a Polish soldier and skier.
Biography.
Żytkowicz was born in Zakopane. He was member of the "SN PTT-1907 Klub Sportowy Kemping Zakopane", and primarily competed in the B-Class in 1923. As a soldier he took part at the military patrol demonstration events of the 1928 and 1936 Winter Olympics. The team of 1928 placed seventh and the team of 1936 placed ninth.
He placed third at the Polish national championship of ski jumping from 1927 to 1930 in a row and participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1929. In 1931 he was national champion of Nordic combined.
Żytkowicz was an officer in the Polish Army active in the defense of Poland against the Nazi German invasion of September 1939, and retreated with the army across the border to neighboring Romania after the Soviet Union also invaded Poland on 17 September as an ally of Germany. He made his way to French-administered Syria, where the Polish forces regrouped as the Independent Carpathian Brigade, later crossing into British-administered Palestine when France capitulated to Germany. He saw action at Tobruk, Libya, and served in the Italian campaign against Germany as part of the Polish Second Corps under General Władysław Anders.
After the end of hostilities, he managed to smuggle his young family out of Soviet-occupied Poland to Italy, and together they were transferred with the Polish Army to England, where he was demobilized. He emigrated with his wife, Stanislawa, and daughters Anna, Maria and Kinga, to Hartford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="21517885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517885" title="Jerome Sala">
Jerome Sala

Jerome Sala (born November 29, 1986) is Filipino singer who was dubbed 'Balladeer Extraordinaire'. He was discovered on the ABS-CBN series "Search for a Star in a Million" in 2005. Since his 2005 win, Sala became a fixture on variety shows until he became inactive after going back to his province, Bohol.
Early life and career.
Jerome Sala Ucab was born on November 29, 1986 in Barangay Bacagay, Pilar, Bohol, Philippines, to municipal councilor Jaime Ucab and Ruth Sala. He is the third of four children.
Sala had participated in various competitions in his home province (including barangay, fiesta and municipal singing contests), and also traveled to nearby islands to join competitions.
Sala’s singing was discovered when he was a child. His father encouraged him to become a singer to prove that the family’s singing genes safely passed on to him from his grandfather. According to the people of Pilar, at age five, Sala had proven his father’s theory and won his very first singing trophy. His winning piece was "Usahay", a popular Visayan song. His winning song in the "Search for a Star in a Million" contest was "One in a Million", a song that he had sung in previous competitions.
He finished his elementary education at Bagacay Elementary School and high school at Virgen del Pilar Academy. He briefly attended college at Bohol Institute of Technology, but he ceased studies there when he joined "Search for a Star in a Million".
Sala auditioned for "Search for a Star in a Million" held in Cebu City. While filling up the form, his entry was “Ucab, Jerome Sala.” It was an honest mistake of the "Search for a Star in a Million"’s staff as they thought Jerome’s family name was Sala.
Sala was a wild card finalist in the "Search for a Star in a Million" competition.
Personal life.
After a promising career in Manila, Sala is back in his hometown of Pilar. He married a young woman from Cebu City named Honey. Together, they have a daughter. Currently, he is managing his family hollowblock business.

</doc>
<doc id="21517910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517910" title="Bruce Hildenbrand">
Bruce Hildenbrand

Bruce Hildenbrand (born February 20, 1955) is a freelance photojournalist based out of Boulder, Colorado. He writes for a number of outdoor-related magazines, including "Outside magazine", "Bicycling Magazine", "BicycleSport", Active.com, and others.
He is an active.com Active Expert, where he provides news and information on the sport of cycling and the Olympic Games.
Hildenbrand also speaks on radio stations across the United States, such as Air America Radio, KUT-Austin, and KRBQ-Madison, as a cycling expert providing commentary in such areas as professional bike racing, bicycle safety, and bike maintenance.
Hildenbrand has also earned a patent for computer process.

</doc>
<doc id="21517914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517914" title="BRJ">
BRJ

BRJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21517942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517942" title="Sanborn House">
Sanborn House

Sanborn House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21517944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517944" title="C110">
C110

C110 or C-110 may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="21517948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517948" title="New Old Ground">
New Old Ground

New Old Ground is the third studio album by Australian hip hop act Koolism, released in February 2006 by Invada Records. DJ Danielsan reflects that the album was "about returning to the original raw elements that Koolism was built on and paying homage to the music that inspired us, while still moving forward". The album was recorded in only six months. The cover artwork is based on the 1988 Run-DMC album "Tougher Than Leather".

</doc>
<doc id="21517983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517983" title="Lyndale Secondary College">
Lyndale Secondary College

Lyndale Secondary College is a co-educational government secondary school located in Dandenong North, Victoria. It has a student enrolment of approximately 1,200, and is known as one of the largest single campus schools in Victoria.
The school is divided into two sub-schools—a middle school and senior school. Its principal is Mr Mark Moir, and there are also two vice principals.
The principal features of the campus are the Hugh McRae Hall, a Resource Centre (Library), a Senior Studies Wing, a recently completed Language Centre (West Wing) and the well-equipped Graeme Fox Stadium. 
House Competition.
Every student in the school is given a house, which they will be a part of until they leave the school. The four houses are Gladstone (blue), Halton (yellow), Munro (red), and Oakwood (green). In these houses, the students take part in sports, arts, environmental and internal school competitions. 
Headstart Program.
The Headstart Program is a new initiative that the college has launched where students from Year 7 to 11 commence the new school year late in November (25 November in 2013). The program lasts for 3 weeks with studies resulting in an assessment task/outcome.
A feature of the school is the SEAL (Select Entry Accelerated Learning) program.
The highest ATAR score of Lyndale Secondary College was achieved by Jin (Sam) Shan in 2011, with an ATAR of 99.15.

</doc>
<doc id="21517988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21517988" title="Goeze">
Goeze

Goeze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21518012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518012" title="Razdrto, Postojna">
Razdrto, Postojna

Razdrto (; , ) is a village on the southern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies at a major interchange on the A1 motorway connecting Ljubljana to the Slovenian Littoral.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and belongs to the Parish of Ubeljsko.

</doc>
<doc id="21518016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518016" title="Tsui Ping">
Tsui Ping

Tsui Ping (, born 1938) was a Mandopop singer active from 1950 to 1971. She was called the "queen of expressive feelings" (抒情歌后) and the "Goldfish Beauty" (金魚美人).
Career.
Tsui Ping's family originates from Jiangsu, China, but she was born in Harbin in 1938, where the family resided while her father was on business. Her family later came to reside in Hong Kong where she received her education and lived during her singing career. She was quite fascinated by Mandarin pop music by Shanghai singers like the late Chang Loo, Bai Guang, and others that she heard on the radio. At age 15, she was invited to sing at a party in a nightclub. The nightclub owner was so impressed that he asked her to sign a contract, thus beginning her singing career.
Tsui Ping had also auditioned to star in the Shaw Brothers' films and acted in one movie, but later she decided to focus mainly on being a professional singer. Her dream at the time was to record albums.
While Tsui Ping was singing in nightclubs, songwriter Wong Fuk Lin (王福齡) was very impressed by her talent and encouraged her greatly. Two of the songs he later wrote became Tsui Ping's trademarks: "This Precious Night" (今宵多珍重) and "Nang Ping Evening Bells" (南屏晚鐘). "This Precious Night" was played to Taiwanese soldiers-in-training every night at bedtime.
Tsui's musical talents made her one of the most popular artists in Hong Kong and at times one of the highest paid singers. Some of her recordings of previous hits were more popular than the original: e.g. "Meet Again" (重逢) and "Needing Each Other" (兩相依)
Her performances consisted of singing in nightclubs in Hong Kong and South East Asia, making appearances in musical shows on television and recording with EMI Pathé. She formed a trio with Tsin Ting (静婷) and Billie Tam (蓓蕾) for the opening of a new Hong Kong music club. The trio recorded several songs, including "Fragrance of the Night" (夜來香), "Shangri-La" (香格裡拉), and "Not Going Home Tonight" (今天不回家).
In 1971, she publicly announced her retirement from singing to dedicate time to her family. A public farewell party was televised. A special Tsui Ping magazine was also published. Three separate music awards were given to her within 1970-1971. Tsui Ping gave singing lessons for a few years and later had to give it up due to family matters.
In 1997 she performed four successful "Golden Concerts" with her contemporaries Tsin Ting, Wu Yingyin (吳鶯音), and Liu Yun (劉韻). In 2004, she was invited by the late James Wong (黃霑) to participate in his television nightclub series, singing mandarin pops again.
Personal life.
In 1964 Tsui married famous dubbing singer Kiang Hung/Jiang Hong (江宏), who was also well known for the dubbing of male voices in Shaw Brothers' movies and often sang duets with Tsin Ting 静婷. They have 3 children: 2 daughters and 1 son (as reported in 1970). Kiang died in 1995.
In her free time she sings Beijing opera.
Albums.
EMI (Hong Kong) Limited major LP Titles
EPs (most songs in EPs have been incorporated into her LPs.)
CDs

</doc>
<doc id="21518053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518053" title="Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke">
Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke

Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke (, ) (born June 18, 1960) is a Somali diplomat and politician. He is the former Prime Minister of Somalia.
Biography.
Sharmake is the son of the former second President and first Prime Minister of Somalia, Abdirashid Ali Shermarke, who was assassinated in 1969, and Ruqia Dahir Ali Boss, the daughter of a well-known Somali Islamic scholar from the Omar Musse clan, Meheri.
He studied at Carleton University in Ottawa, where he obtained degrees in political science and political economy. Although his family is based in Virginia in the United States, Shermarke holds both Somali and Canadian citizenship.
He has worked in a diplomatic capacity for the United Nations in Sri Lanka and Sierra Leone, and served as a political advisor on the Darfur conflict in Sudan. Before becoming Prime Minister, Sharmarke was Somalia's ambassador-designate to the United States.
Prime minister.
Nomination.
On the February 13, 2009, the President of Somalia, Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, nominated Sharmarke to become Prime Minister at a meeting in Djibouti.
Sharmarke's nomination was widely welcomed, with a spokesman for the moderate Islamic Courts movement describing him as an "honest" man who should bring about "positive changes."
Political analysts were optimistic about the selection. It was seen as a successful attempt to shore up support for the Transitional Federal Government both among the diaspora and within the country. Sharmarke was considered someone who could potentially bridge the gap between the various groups currently competing for influence in Somalia, as he was based abroad and thus not tied to local politics. Sharmarke's appointment was also seen by some analysts as an attempt to secure the favor of the large Darod clan, whose Majeerteen branch both Sharmarke and the outgoing President of Somalia, Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed, are members of.
On February 14, lawmakers approved Sharmarke as Prime Minister with a vote of 414 in favour, 9 opposed and 2 not voting.
In his acceptance speech, Sharmarke pledged to encourage reconciliation and to create unity in Somalia. However, the Al-Shabaab Islamist insurgents who are currently waging war against the federal government, condemned his appointment, with a spokesman for the group saying that "an unlawful camel never gives birth to lawful ones."
On February 21, Radio Garowe reported that Prime Minister Sharmarke had selected a new Council of Ministers, reserving key posts for former opposition lawmakers. Before a meeting in Djibouti attended by President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed and a host of other Somali politicians and international observers, Sharmarke appointed Sheikh Abdulkadir Ali Omar, the Islamic Courts senior ground commander, as the Minister of Interior, and former parliament Speaker, Sharif Hassan Sheikh Adan, as the new Minister of Finance. Sharmarke also appointed the scholar, Mohamed Abdi Gandhi, as Minister of Defense, and three women as Ministers of Health, Family Affairs, and Rural Development. The new Cabinet easily gained a parliamentary vote-of-confidence. Sharmarke and the rest of the federal government then relocated from Djibouti to Mogadishu.
Stand-off.
In April and May 2010, a rift developed between Prime Minister Sharmarke and then Speaker of Parliament, Adan Mohamed Nuur Madobe, which culminated in the Speaker's resignation after parliament later voted to remove him from office. Despite Madobe agreeing to relieve himself of his duties as Speaker, the incumbent President Sharif announced shortly afterwards his dismissal of Prime Minister Sharmarke and his intention of forming a new government. This move was quickly welcomed by the UN Special Representative for Somalia, Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah, a close associate and supporter of Sharif. Ould-Abdallah himself came under fire for his reportedly disruptive role in the continuing conflict in southern Somalia, including meddling in local politics and attempting to advance foreign agendas.
In response, Prime Minister Sharmarke told the press that Sharif did not have the authority to dismiss him, and stated that he would remain in office until parliament passes a vote of no confidence. Sharmarke added that he "met the president and informed him that I wouldn't submit a resignation because his decision is not supported by the transitional charter", and that “the government is formed in accordance with the constitution and the national charter... Articles 44 and 51 of the constitution say that the government can only be dissolved through a vote of no confidence from the parliament. So no parliament has casted the vote against the government.”
On May 18, a top official with the African Union urged the federal leaders to settle their differences and unite to resolve the ongoing conflict. Supporters of Prime Minister Sharmarke were also reported to have gathered in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia to protest in his defense.
On May 20, President Sharif reversed his decision to sack Prime Minister Sharmarke after consulting with lawyers, who advised Sharif that the dismissal was indeed unconstitutional. Analysts also stated that the move has severely undermined Sharif's credibility, as well as that of the U.N. representative, Ould-Abdallah, who had backed him.
On May 26, following another disagreement with Prime Minister Sharmarke, incumbent President Sharif again announced his unilateral plan to appoint a new Premier. Associates of Sharif's also reportedly attempted to persuade Sharmarke to resign, but the Premier again refused to step down and vowed instead to remain in office until his tenure constitutionally expires. Abdirahman Mohamud Farole, the incumbent President of Somalia's autonomous Puntland region in the northeast, attempted to help settle the dispute, warning that if not resolved amicably, the rift could result in the ultimate collapse of the Transitional Federal Government.
In September 2010, disagreements again arose between Prime Minister Sharmarke and President Sharif, this time over the nation's draft constitution, an initiative supported by the United Nations, the European Union and the United States. Sharmarke reportedly wanted the document put before parliament and civil society members, while the president wanted it to be put to a referendum. On September 14, it was reported that the Premier had convened with MPs and ministers at the presidential residence to discuss the issue, where Sharmarke indicated that he would welcome a resolution to the dispute but would not step down. In a parliamentary meeting the following day, Sharif requested "changes" to the interim government; a motion calling for a vote of no confidence in the Premier was then put forward. However, on September 18, the new Speaker of the Parliament Sharif Hassan Sheikh Adan reportedly called off a parliamentary session when the vote of confidence was expected to take place.
In response to the rift, representatives from the United Nations, the African Union and IGAD, who had already tried to serve as mediators, released a joint statement warning that the dispute is unhelpful and self-defeating. Puntland President Abdirahman Mohamud Farole in an interview likewise urged the federal government's leaders to set aside their differences for the sake of the country. Farole added that the "government has a short time in office remaining and it should not be changed. This is also the position of countries who are interested in Somali affairs".
Critics have also accused President Sharif of attempting to force Prime Minister Sharmarke out of office to remain in power beyond his term's expiry in August 2011.
Resignation.
On September 21, 2010, in a press conference attended by members of Parliament and the Cabinet, Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke announced his resignation as Prime Minister of Somalia. Sharmarke indicated that the infighting between himself and incumbent President Sharif Ahmed had become a "security vulnerability" and that he had opted instead to "save the nation" by voluntarily stepping down.
Sharmarke was succeeded as Prime Minister by Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo, who in turn took over from the caretaker Premier Abdiwahid Elmi Gonjeh.

</doc>
<doc id="21518080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518080" title="Nick Ellis">
Nick Ellis

Nick C. Ellis is a Professor of Psychology and a Research Scientist at the English Language Institute of the University of Michigan. Ellis conducts research on several topics relating to second language acquisition, including the connection between explicit and implicit learning, reading, vocabulary and phraseology, applications of psychological theory in language testing and instruction, and the role of the brain. Ellis currently serves as General Editor of the journal "Language Learning".

</doc>
<doc id="21518091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518091" title="Brahmagiri, Odisha">
Brahmagiri, Odisha

Brahmagiri is a town in Puri district, Odisha, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 10 m above MSL.
Location.
Brahmagiri is 20 km from Puri. National Highway 203A passes through Brahmagiri.
Tourism.
The famous Alarnatha Mandira is at Brahmagiri. Hundreds of pilgrims visit the shrine here during the anabasara of Lord Jagannath. Baliharachandi, a sacred place and tourist spot, is around 10 km south. It is on sand dunes.
Nearest airport is Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar and the nearest railway station is at Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="21518094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518094" title="Ana Patricia Anides">
Ana Patricia Anides

Ana Patricia Anides Fonseca (also known as Paty Anides) is a Mexican voice actress. She is known for her voice interpretation of Mai Valentine in Yu-Gi-Oh! Waking the Dragons, Alexis Rhodes in Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, and Saori Kido/Athena in Saint Seiya: Hades Santuario (TV version).
See also.
Dubbing

</doc>
<doc id="21518095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518095" title="403rd Infantry Brigade">
403rd Infantry Brigade

The 403rd Infantry Brigade, 4th Infantry Division, Philippine Army, known officially as the Peacemaker Brigade, is one of the brigades of the Philippine Army which is organic to its 4th Infantry (Diamond) Division. It is an infantry unit, and specializes in anti-guerrilla warfare.
History.
The 403rd Infantry (PEACEMAKER) Brigade traces its roots to the 3rd Infantry Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division, otherwise known as the 3/4th Brigade, being the forerunner of the unit, when it was organized on 15 July 1973 pursuant to General Order Nr 41 Headquarters Philippine Army dated 3 July 1973. Since then, it facilitates the command and control of the newly organized Infantry Battalions as called for by the ever growing Muslim secessionist movement in the 4ID AOR. The Brigade was operationally organized and deployed on 15 September 1973 with its first headquarters at Pagadian City under its first Brigade Commander, Colonel Oscar Aleonar, who was also then the Assistant Division Commander of the 4th Infantry Division. Its operating battalions then were 28IB, 9IB and 16IB, all operating in the areas of Zamboanga del Norte particularly in the municipalities of Siraway and Siocon. Eventually, it was redeployed in the other areas of north eastern Mindanao.
Mission.
The 403rd Infantry (Peacemaker) Brigade conducts Internal Security Operations (ISO) in the assigned area of responsibility (AOR) of the 4th Infantry Division in Camiguin, Bukidnon and Misamis Oriental Provinces to dismantle and destroy the remaining guerilla fronts of the Local Communist Movement (LCM), hold and contain the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) in Wao and Bumbaran of Lanao del Sur and destroy other threat groups in order to attain peace and stability conducive to sustainable development in assisting the Philippine government in its socio-economic development projects; and assists the Philippine National Police curb criminalities in the area.
Units.
The following are the Infantry Battalion units that are presently placed under operational control of the brigade:

</doc>
<doc id="21518109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518109" title="Samuel J. Wilson">
Samuel J. Wilson

Samuel J. Wilson was a prominent 19th century clergyman and academic in Western Pennsylvania. 
Wilson was born in Washington County, Pennsylvania on July 19, 1828 and attended Washington College and was a student and teacher at the Western Theological Seminary (now Pittsburgh Theological Seminary) in Allegheny City, Pennsylvania for over 25 years, serving as chair of sacred and ecclesiastical history. He served as a delegate to various national and world-wide conferences of the Presbyterian Church. He served President Pro Tem. for Washington & Jefferson College from April 20, 1869 to August 4, 1869. After his death from typhoid in 1883, he was called "one of the abelest and most learned ministers in the Presbyterian Church."

</doc>
<doc id="21518121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518121" title="Tadeusz Zaydel">
Tadeusz Zaydel

Tadeusz Zaydel was a Polish soldier and skier.
Zaydel was a successful ski jumper of the "SN PTT-1907 Klub Sportowy Kemping Zakopane". As a soldier he took part at the military patrol demonstration events of the 1928 Winter Olympics. The Polish team placed 7th.

</doc>
<doc id="21518150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518150" title="Huawei Symantec">
Huawei Symantec

Huawei Symantec Technologies Co. Ltd. () was a developer, producer and supplier of network security, storage and computing solutions. The joint venture was disbanded in March 2012 when Symantec sold its share in the company to Huawei, which is headquartered in Chengdu, People's Republic of China. Huawei originally owned 51% of the company, while Symantec owned 49%. 
Huawei is a Chinese based company, while Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC) is a US-based corporation headquartered in Mountain View, California.
Technological convergence and R&D.
Huawei Symantec is a holder of more than 300 patents in storage and network security field, and about 30 of them were accepted as formal technological standards. Huawei Symantec's technologists participate in various standardization organizations, including holding chair and vice-chair posts. More than 50% of employees are engaged in research and development activities with labs located in Beijing, Shenzhen, Hangzhou in China, and in India.
Acquisition by Huawei.
On November 14, 2011, Beijing Time, Huawei and Symantec reached an agreement on a transaction where Huawei acquired Symantec’s 49% stake in Huawei Symantec Technologies Co., Ltd. (Huawei Symantec) for USD 530 million. Upon closing the agreement gave Huawei full ownership of Huawei Symantec. Huawei Symantec and Symantec Corporation are two separate entities.

</doc>
<doc id="21518152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518152" title="Thomas Bennet (academic)">
Thomas Bennet (academic)

Thomas Bennet (aka Thomas Benet) was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was an undergraduate, Fellow, and Master of University College, Oxford.
Bennet was a relative of Sir Simon Bennet, also an undergraduate of University College, whose settlement to the College in 1662 funded the Bennet Fellowship. Thomas Bennet himself held this Fellowship for a while. This was seen as a barrier to becoming Master of the College by the other fellows, but after a dispensation he was elected on 3 March 1691.

</doc>
<doc id="21518156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518156" title="Altaic mythologies">
Altaic mythologies

Altaic mythologies include:

</doc>
<doc id="21518175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518175" title="4 Play Tour">
4 Play Tour

4 Play Tour is the name of The Cure's 2007-2008 concert tour. It began with their first concert in Japan in over 22 years at the Fuji Rock Festival on 27 July 2007 and ended at New York City's Radio City Music Hall on 21 June 2008. The entirety of the 4Tour took place before "" was ultimately released, despite postponing the North American leg of the tour from Fall 2007 to Spring 2008 in order for the band to complete the album. However, the singles "The Only One" and "Freakshow" were released during the final leg of the tour.
An appearance in October 2007 at San Francisco's Download festival and a trio of concerts in Mexico City were the only remnants of the band's originally scheduled North American leg. Every show except a planned stop in Seattle was able to be pushed back to the end of the tour intact, with several additional cities also being added to the new itinerary. While the band were unable to successfully reschedule the Seattle show, ticket holders for the canceled event at the KeyArena were offered free entry to the band's upcoming headline appearance at Washington state's 2008 Sasquatch! Music Festival.
A total of 76 songs were performed across the tour, with every one of The Cure's 13 studio albums being represented by at least one song. Most shows clocked in at or near the 3 hour mark. A show in Paris particularly stood out with a performance of 42 songs lasting 3 hours 35 minutes.
The lineup consisted of Robert Smith, Simon Gallup, Jason Cooper, and Porl Thompson.
65Daysofstatic was the opening act for the European and North American legs of the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="21518177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518177" title="List of Catholic University Cardinals head football coaches">
List of Catholic University Cardinals head football coaches

This is a list of head football coaches for the Catholic Cardinals college football team, which represents the Catholic University of America. Currently, Catholic competes as a member of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference within the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division III.

</doc>
<doc id="21518180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518180" title="LDE – Renner to Greif">
LDE – Renner to Greif

The German locomotive series Renner to Greif comprised passenger train, tender locomotives operated by the Leipzig-Dresden Railway (LDE).
History.
The five locomotives were delivered in 1837 and 1839 by Kirtley, Warrington/England to the LDE. They were given the names: "RENNER", "STURM", "ELEPHANT", "WILLIAM CURTLEY" and "GREIF".
These locomotives were retired between 1851 and 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="21518182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518182" title="John Spicer">
John Spicer

John Spicer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21518183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518183" title="EJB QL">
EJB QL

EJB QL or EJB-QL is a portable database query language for Enterprise Java Beans. It was used in Java EE applications. Compared to SQL, however, it is less complex but less powerful as well.
History.
The language has been inspired, especially EJB3-QL, by the native Hibernate Query Language HQL.
In EJB3 It has been mostly replaced by the Java Persistence Query Language.
Differences.
EJB QL is a database query language similar to SQL. The used queries are somewhat different from relational SQL, as it uses a so-called "abstract schema" of the enterprise beans instead of the relational model. In other words, EJB QL queries do not use tables and their components, but enterprise beans, their persistent state, and their relationships. The result of an SQL query is a set of rows with a fixed number of columns. The result of an EJB QL query is either a single object, a collection of entity objects of a given type, or a collection of values retrieved from CMP fields. One has to understand the data model of enterprise beans in order to write effective queries.

</doc>
<doc id="21518206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518206" title="Dubroŭna">
Dubroŭna

Dubroŭna (Belarusian Дуброўна) or Dubrovno () is a small town on the Dnieper River. The toponym originates from a Proto-Slavic term for an oak forest, which may explain the inclusion of oak leaves and acorns in the town's coat of arms. Dubroŭna is the administrative centre of the Dubroŭna Raion of the Vitebsk Voblast in northern Belarus.
In the 19th century Dubroŭna was a centre for weaving. The town had a significant Jewish community that in 1898 formed more than half of its population.
During World War II Dubrovno was heavily affected. It was occupied by German forces July 17–20, 1941, and the town's Jews were killed. It was the scene of considerable partisan activity. From October 1943 to June 1944 it was at or near the front line, and was not finally reoccupied by Soviet forces until June 26, 1944.
Dubroŭna hosts an annual folk song and dance festival, "Dnepr voices in Dubrovno".

</doc>
<doc id="21518212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518212" title="Nicole Hetzer">
Nicole Hetzer

Nicole Hetzer (born February 18, 1979 in Leipzig, Sachsen) is a retired female medley swimmer from Germany. She competed twice for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2004. Hetzer collected several medals at international tournaments in the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade), especially in the short course (25 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="21518217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518217" title="Sajevče">
Sajevče

Sajevče () is a small village in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518222" title="Liquid packaging board">
Liquid packaging board

Liquid packaging board is a multi-ply paperboard with high stiffness, strong wet sizing and a high barrier coating. Only virgin paper fibers are used. The barrier coating must hold the liquid and prevent migration of air and flavors through the paperboard.
Manufacture.
A liquid packaging board might be up to five plies and is formed on a multi-ply paper machine with online coating. The most common is to use three plies with a basis weight of about 300 g/m2. The base or middle ply is normally made of pulp from bleached or unbleached chemical pulp, CTMP or "broke" (waste paper from a paper machine). CTMP gives more bulk and stiffness. The top ply (inside) is made of bleached chemical pulp. The barrier coating depend of the application and might be applied on both sides. The back side of the board is the printing side and might have an extra ply made from chemical pulp of quality that is suitable for the printing applications. Liquid packages are normally heat sealed.
Cartons filled with short shelf life dairy products use board that are barrier coated on both sides with one layer of low density polyethylene. For long shelf life products it is common to use aluminium foil as barrier coating together with polyethylene. Commonly the plastic coating on the top side is 12 - 20 g/m2 and on the reverse side 15 - 60 g/m2.
Liquid packaging board are used for two package types: brick and gable top cartons.

</doc>
<doc id="21518225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518225" title="Lake Homs">
Lake Homs

Lake Homs () (also called Lake Qattinah, ) is a lake near Homs, Syria, fed by the Orontes River. The lake is located from the city of Homs, extends over , and is known for a large fish population. One main canal, 60 kilometers long, supplies the whole city of Homs with drinking water, and a whole network of secondary channels provide for the irrigation of some 20,000 hectares.
The banks of the lake are steep in places and rather inaccessible; there is no road right the way round. The retaining dam and many of the ancillary works have been consolidated and extended in recent years.
The lake is artificial, created by the Lake Homs Dam at its northern end. The dam's original structure was one of the most visible works of ancient engineering in Syria and in the Fertile Crescent. Built by the Ancient Romans, the dam had created a reservoir whose water was conducted to nearby fields through a network of canals.

</doc>
<doc id="21518237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518237" title="Amaravila">
Amaravila

Amaravila is a village in Neyyattinkara town in Trivandrum district, Kerala State. The word Amaravila means land of immortals. Kerala's second largest checkpost after Walayar is situated in Amaravila. This village is situated in NH 47 on the way to Kanyakumari. This village is located on the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border. It is around 3 km from Neyyattinkara town. This town is noted for its religious integration, where a mosque (Amaravila Juma Masjid), church (CSI Church) and a temple are lying near to one another. This village has a post office, Village office, Sub-Rejistrar office, Akshaya e-center, and an Excise office. Situated on the banks of Neyyar River, this village has a large area of cultivated land including paddy, plantains, etc. The river Neyyar makes this land more fertile. A Government tile factory is also located in this village.
Amaravila CSI church or C S I Amaravila, founded in 1810 and known in those days as Emily Chapel, an oldest Anglican Church (Anglican Communion), is one of the main attractions of this village.
Mosque.
Amaravila Muslim Jama-ath include two Mosques, town Mosque and a Juma masjid. A madrassa is also with these mosques.
Church.
Amaravila CSI church is one of the major attractions of this place. Started as a small congregation in 1810, currently it is the largest CSI church in Kerala with 3 services (two in Malayalam and one in English). It was modified in 1895. The new bell-tower of the church has been inaugurated on March 7, 2010. The church has a shopping complex, a community hall and a school from Kindergarten to Plus Two. The church conducts a yearly convention which attracts a huge mass of people from south of Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
Temple.
Deveswaram Mahadewar Temple is one of the major worship places in Amaravila. The temple is about 1000 years old and is now under Travancore Devaswom board. People from different places worship the deity Lord Shiva here. The upadevas are Vigneshvara and Nagaraja. The temple is situated near the sub-registrar office in Amaravila.
Education.
The following are the educational institutions in the area:
Famous persons.
V. S. Sivakumar started his political career as an activist of Kerala Students' Union from this area as he was born and brought up in Amaravila. He was a member of Parliament in the 13th Lok Sabha representing Thiruvananthapuram Parliamentary Constituency. He became the Minister for Transport and Devaswom of the Government of Kerala by defeating V. Surendran Pillai of KC(T) party in 2011 State Election.
Auditoriums.
There are two auditoriums in this locality which are used by the general public for services like marriage, get together, and other similar functions. They are:
Hotels.
Major hotels in the locality are:
Library.
There is a public library in Amaravila, on Amaravila - Karakkonam road.

</doc>
<doc id="21518242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518242" title="Slavina, Postojna">
Slavina, Postojna

Slavina (; ) is a village south of Postojna on the way to Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21518253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518253" title="Finesti">
Finesti

Finesti was a Luxembourg-based company that carried out collection, management and dissemination of data and documents related to investment funds. It also provided general consultation products and services in order to facilitate public access to investment fund information.
On 1 July 2013, all its activities were taken over by Fundsquare, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
The majority of the information on investment funds that was collected and disseminated by Finesti was derived from Luxembourg-domiciled funds, although it was also active in collecting data and documents from funds in other European countries. As at December 2008, its database contained data and documents on around 31,000 share classes of investment funds. 
Data and documents were collected from fund administrators and promoters. They were then repackaged into dissemination products for data vendors and other users of bulk data. Information collected was also made available on its website.
Company History and Organisation.
The company was created in April 1995, as CCLux (Centrale de Communications Luxembourg S.A.), by the Association of the Luxembourg Fund Industry (ALFI), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and around thirty Luxembourg financial institutions. It become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in May 2002. 
On 28 January 2009, it changed its name to Finesti. It shared infrastructure and resources with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, in particular, it shared a secure transmission platform, known as e-file.lu.
Following its integration into Fundsquare in July 2013, the company was wound up.
Collection Platforms.
The e-file.lu platform was used for transmission of fund regulatory reports and other fund documents, such as prospectuses and annual and semi-annual reports, to the Luxembourg financial regulator, the CSSF, and the Central Bank of Luxembourg. Finesti was mandated by these authorities to provide these services.
In addition to this platform, it also ran an in-house collection platform, known as the Finesti Station, for the collection of other types of data from investment fund administrators.
Partnerships.
Finesti and a Danish company called FundConnect were mandated by the European Fund and Asset Management Association (EFAMA) to be joint Classification Administrators of its European Fund Classification (EFC) with the mission to implement the EFC on a pan-European basis.
The company was also active in the provision of Fund Processing Passports, short harmonized documents containing all key operational information to facilitate investment fund processing within Europe.
Finesti also provided data services for the Luxembourg Fund Labelling Agency (LuxFLAG), an organisation providing information on microfinance investment vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="21518257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518257" title="JigLibX">
JigLibX

JigLibX is a C# port of the JigLib physics engine. Like many other C# middleware game libraries (e.g., Axiom) JigLibX is, in its first implementation, a port of a C++ library. However the goal for JigLibX Beta is to make the library "more .NET".
As the engine is written entirely in C# it is particularly well-suited for integration with XNA and is already in use by some C#/XNA projects.

</doc>
<doc id="21518285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518285" title="Hyloniscus riparius">
Hyloniscus riparius

Hyloniscus riparius is a species of woodlouse found in Central and Eastern Europe and subsequently introduced to North America. It is strongly associated with flood plains and can tolerate periods of up to eight weeks submerged under water. In North America, it was first found at St. John's, Newfoundland in 1951, and later in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="21518291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518291" title="Mirjana Boševska">
Mirjana Boševska

Mirjana Boševska (born June 25, 1981 in Skopje) is a retired female freestyle and medley swimmer from Macedonia. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21518334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518334" title="Basilan Jaycees">
Basilan Jaycees

Junior Chamber International – Basilan Inc. (Philippines), otherwise known as the Basilan Jaycees, extended on January 11, 1949 by JCI Manila and JCI Zamboanga, registered under the Laws of the Republic of the Philippines with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as the Junior Chamber of Basilan City, Inc. on August 26, 1965, is an affiliate of Junior Chamber International Philippines, Inc. (JCIP) and Junior Chamber International (JCI), A Worldwide Federation of Young Leaders and Entrepreneurs.
Membership.
Currently a Category III LOM with 32 registered members-in-good-standing (2014).
"2014 Board of Directors"
"2014 Officers"
Headquarters.
The Basilan Jaycee Clubhouse is currently located at Isabela City, Basilan 7300
Philosophy.
Vision
"From within the walls of the soul of this organization, where in the foundation of character and citizenship are laid, we hope a message will come forth in the sometime of tomorrow that will stir the people toward the establishment of a permanent and everlasting world peace."
Mission
The purpose of JCI shall be to contribute to the advancement of the global community by providing the opportunity for young people to develop the leadership skills, social responsibility, entrepreneurship and fellowship necessary to create positive change.
Values (The JCI Creed)
We believe:
That faith in God gives meaning and purpose to human life;
That the brotherhood of man transcends the sovereignty of nations;
That economic justice can best be won by free men through free enterprise;
That government should be of laws rather than of men;
That earth's great treasure lies in human personality;
And that service to humanity is the best work of life.
JCI Prayer
We reaffirm Our Conviction that Faith in God gives Meaning and Purpose to Human Life.
May the Lord Guide us in all Our Undertakings. Amen.
Fair Basilan
Official Anthem of the Basilan Jaycees
"Adopted as the Official Anthem of Basilan Province (1973)"
Music and Lyrics by Tranquilino Gregorio
Originally Sung by the U.P. Madrigal Singers with the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra, and conducted by National Artist Lucrecia Kasilag
"A Project of JCI Basilan Inc."
Oh, Fair Basilan
Where the Winds Gently Blow;
And the sweet scented whisp'ring breeze
Sets hearts aglow.
Land bathed in moonlight
Watched by wandering stars;
You're a haven of pure delight
Filled with music of guitars.
Chorus:
We'll love you more each day
Oh, Pearl so bright,so rare
your beauty all can see
Is far beyond compare.
Oh, Fair Basilan!
Islands we all adore
May your people live happily
Forever more.
The treasure islands of the Southern Sea,
Basilan, our joy, you'll ever be...
History.
Basilan Junior Chamber of Commerce.
The Basilan Junior Chamber of Commerce was organized on January 11, 1949 in a Joint Chapter Extension Project of the Manila and Zamboanga Jaycees. It included some of Basilan’s most active and civic-minded personalities in law, public service, medicine and business at the outset. Its Charter President (1949–1950), Dr. Isidro Sta. Elena, eventually became JCP Regional Vice President for Northern Mindanao in 1951-1952. National President Joaquin V. Gonzalez flew in from Manila to witness the induction of the Chapter’s 3rd President (1951), Judge Doroteo de Guzman. 4th President (1952), Dr. Alejandro C. Infante, founder of the Infante Hospital in Isabela City, was the longest-serving Adviser of the Chapter, whose service to the organization spanned over 50 years, until his demise in 2007. He was followed by a succession of able young Presidents who steered the Chapter in its early years. Prominent businessmen Amado Borja (1953), Thomas Ba Leong (1953), Carlos F. Tan (1955), and Judge Francisco S. Atilano (1955) were among the pioneers of this intrepid group of young leaders who invested the Chapter with a strong foundation based on an enduring vision of leadership and service to the community.
The 8th President (1957), Retired Supreme Court Associate Justice Regino C. Hermosisima, Jr., and current 3-term Regular Member of the Judicial and Bar Council, now in his early 90s, also became a JCP Regional Vice President for Northern Mindanao (1954–1955). He presided over the controversial Aquino-Galman Double Murder Case in 1983. He has since retired from the Supreme Court, but has remained active in civic affairs as the Honorary National Chairman of the Young Men’s Christian Association (YMCA) of the Philippines. He was followed by the Chapter’s first elected two-termer, Emilio Lim (1958 & 1959) and then by Atty. Laurencio Saavedra (1960 & 1961) who also served two terms, Ricardo Madayag (1962), and then by Judge Cesar S. Principe (1963).
Junior Chamber of Basilan City, Inc..
The Chapter was officially registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 26, 1965, as the Junior Chamber of Basilan City, Inc., during the term of its 13th President (1964 & 1965), also a two-termer, and who likewise became the first JCI Senator of the Chapter, JCI Sen. Simplicio A. Bonifacio. He then went on to become a JCP Regional Vice President for Southern Mindanao (1968). A local politician, he served in the Basilan Provincial Board for three-terms before retiring in the early 1990s. He was followed by fellow lawyers Selso Manzanaris (1966) and Ricardo G. Mon (1967), who was on his third term as a City Councilor by the time he took over administration of the Chapter.
The organization became a force in local politics towards the late 1960s, when young politicians started to quickly fill up its ranks. Often split into two main opposing Liberal (LP) and Nacionalista (NP) wings, the organization mirrored the realities of local politics, serving as the most prestigious training ground for young politicians in the local arena. Chapter elections were hotly contested and these rivalries and factions were soon reflected in the floors of the Basilan City Council throughout the rest of the decade, well into the early years of the 1970s. As the organization continued to attract the sons of local political families of Basilan, this same period saw oppositionist young Turks take control of the Chapter. Being young themselves, Presidents Reynaldo Martinez (1968), Armando L. Salvador (1969), and Quirico Tan (1970) worked closely with opposition stalwart and 6-term Basilan City Mayor Leroy S. Brown in denouncing the increasingly difficult situation that unfolded in Manila and Mindanao. By then, Pres. Ferdinand E. Marcos' once popular administration seemed to unravel by the day, kicking off with the bloody Jabidah Massacre, followed by the Moro Uprising of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF), and then finally by the increasingly violent student-led First Quarter Storm militant street actions in 1969.
Responding to the need for the Chapter to touch-base with Basilan’s core Muslim constituencies, even as the Nur Misuari-led secessionist movement continued to wreak havoc in the countryside, the members elected its first Muslim President (1971) in the person of a young Ulbert Ulama Tugung, a learned scholar and respected public servant who became a JCP Regional Vice President for Southern Mindanao (1977). He was ultimately appointed by Pres. Corazon C. Aquino to be the first Regional Governor of the Lupong Tagapagpaganap ng Pook (LTP) or the Regional Administration for Western Mindanao and Sulu. Sadly, his exemplary leadership was cut short by an assassin’s bullet. His wife, Jayceerette PP Elnorita Pamaran Tugung, was appointed LTP Regional Governor at his death, and went on to win as Congresswoman of Basilan in 1992-1995. He was followed by NP party member JCI Sen. Aniceto G. Mon (1972) the twin brother of the Chapter's 15th President, Ricardo Mon.
Then on December 21, 1972, Pres. Ferdinand E. Marcos declared Martial Law and promptly placed Basilan City under a Military Government, presided over by Col. Tomas G. Nanquil, Jr., then the Brigade Commander of 24th Infantry Brigade stationed in Basilan, and then by Gen. Romulo Espaldon, Commanding Officer of the Philippine Armed Forces' Southern Command. Basilan City, long a haven of Marcos oppositionists, was summarily abolished and replaced by the Province of Basilan as embodied in Presidential Decree No. 356 signed on December 27, 1973. Ten Municipalities were initially carved out of Basilan City through P.D. 593 promulgated on December 2, 1974.
Atty. Ricardo G. Mon, who was Chapter President in 1967, was appointed as the first Mayor of Isabela Municipality. At around this time, the Basilan Jayceerettes made its glamorous presence known. A series of socio-civic projects were conducted by the wives of the Jaycees as they promoted advocacies which ranged from a variety of environmental concerns to education and community health.
The 24th President (1973), JCI Sen. Louis W. Alano, scion of one of Basilan’s most enduring and respected families, started the first of what eventually came to be three terms at the helm of the Chapter.
Silver Jubilee.
The Chapter celebrated its Silver Jubilee under the administration of its 25th President (1974) Dr. Edgardo Eustaquio, a public servant and health practitioner, one of the founders of the Basilan Community Hospital and a three-term City Councilor of Isabela City. He was followed by 26th President (1975), local business taipan JCI Sen. Yu Chi Han, whose lasting legacy of forging deeper ties between the Chapter and the local business community strengthened the Jaycees more so because the political situation deteriorated further as Basilan’s highlands was transformed into a combat zone where the military staged running gun-battles with the MNLF and isolated bandit groups, the “black shirts” or “munduhin” as they came to be romantically called. Also, as the countryside was rent asunder by a total breakdown in the peace and order, right-wing vigilante groups such as the Ilonggo-based “ilaga” and the Chavacano-Bisaya “mundo oscurro” rose up from nowhere and started to give the Muslim communities tit-for-tat.
Basilan Jaycees, Inc..
In the midst of the seeming chaos, the Chapter evolved once again, officially changing its name to the Basilan Jaycees, Inc., during the incumbency of the 27th (1976) and 28th (1977) President, JCI Sen. Fernando S. Cariaga, the first in a line of educators and faithful church workers, whose steady management of the Chapter’s affairs gave it a much-needed breather from all the politics which threatened to pull the chapter apart. A surprising economic upturn, engendered by the Marcos administration’s many infrastructure projects and programs, gave the Chapter and the Basileños a healthy respite from the incessant conflict that bugged the island.
What followed were some of the most active years of the Jaycees, led by JCI Sen. Kieck Seng Tan (1978) under whose able leadership the very first batch of Lady Jaycees were inducted, JCI Sen. Roque C. Tan (1979), and then again by JCI Sen. Louis W. Alano (1980), Engr. Tahir I. Latip (1981), currently Basilan's Provincial Engineer and the second Muslim to be elected President, Napoleon P. Yu (1982), and then for a third time, again by JCI Sen. Louis W. Alano (1983) wherein the Jaycees initiated the creation of political action committees and associations such as the Concerned Citizens’ Aggrupation (CCA) which gathered the local community in indignation rallies against the Marcos dictatorship immediately after the assassination of Sen. Benigno Aquino Jr., as well as organized an Operation Quick Count for the 1986 Snap Elections, in close coordination with the National Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL). For this, he was eventually appointed by President Corazon C. Aquino as the OIC Governor of Basilan Province upon her accession in 1986. Currently, he is the Deputy Governor for Christian Affairs of the Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao (ARMM).
The 35th (1984) and 36th President (1985), also a two-termer, was Atty. Alvin G. Dans, a scion of yet another of the most established families in Basilan. He was eventually elected Mayor of the Municipality of Isabela for two terms, Governor of the Province of Basilan, and Congressman of the Lone District of the Basilan, appointed by Pres. Fidel V. Ramos as Undersecretary of the Department of Transportation and Communications (DOTC), he eventually became the Postmaster General of the Philippine Post Office. His wife, Jayceerette Past President Athena Dans is a Commissioner of the Bureau of Customs. He was followed by the 37th President (1986), Perfecto C. Antonio, Jr., a three-termer in the Provincial Board of Basilan Province. The 38th President (1987), Nonito T. Ramirez, was the Secretary of the Isabela City Council for some time.
Junior Chamber of Basilan, Inc..
The name of the Chapter was reverted to Junior Chamber of Basilan, Inc., under the auspices of the 39th (1988) and 40th President (1989) JCI Sen. Benedicto N. Peñaflor, following the JCI amendments during the World Congress in Taipei, Republic of China. He was followed by the 41st (1990) and 42nd President (1991), Michael M. Manapol, the Isabela City Tourism Officer from 1998 to 2007. A succession of able Presidents and leaders handled the Chapter in the 1990s, even as the ugly head of the Abu Sayyaf stole international headlines and totally re-wrote Basilan’s image here and abroad. The Chapter owes its existence in these most troubled times to the grit and temerity of Edgardo P. Ferrer (1992), well-connected businessman and entrepreneur, Rogelio J. Francisco (1993) an accomplished investment banker under whose term the Basilan Taguima Junior Jaycees was organized, Judge Danilo M. Bucoy (1994), the brave Regional Trial Court Judge who sentenced captured Abu Sayyaf terrorists to death, and the back-to-back two-termers Carlos F. Luy (1995 & 1996) and Edgar R. Suson (1997 & 1998).
Golden Anniversary.
It is particularly remarkable to note, however, that it took the Chapter all of half a century since its inception, and 20 years since its first female member was inducted, to finally elect its very first Lady President. The chapter’s 50th President (1999) JCI Sen. Laura W. Alano, was likewise elected National Vice President for Western Mindanao (2000). She was awarded ‘Most Outstanding National Vice President for Area V in 2000’ and is the first Lady JCI Senator of the chapter. She was followed by JCI Mem. Ma. Theresa M. Alano (2000), who was appointed by Pres. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo as Assistant Secretary of the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) charged with Christian-Muslim Affairs and Mindanao in general, and then by JCI Mem. Tita Orbecido-Tan (2001), also a teacher, who spearheaded the creation of Junior Jaycee Chapters in Basilan. The 53rd President (2002), JCI Mem. Reymond E. Bicariato, was the Administrator of the Philippine National Red Cross – Basilan Chapter during his incumbency and organized relief efforts and extended aid, also with the assistance of the Jaycees, to the hostages of the Abu Sayyaf kidnapping spree of 2001-2002, forging lasting ties with the troops in the US-RP Balikatan 02-1 Joint Military Exercises. Our 54th President (2003), JCI Mem. Svetlana E. C. Sanchez, daughter of JCI Sen. Fernando Cariaga, signaled the generational shift in the chapter’s long history as the Baby Boomers eventually handed over control of the Chapter to succeeding generations of JCI Members.
Junior Chamber International Basilan Inc. & JCI Basileña.
Yet another page in the Chapter’s history was finally turned as, following the JCI Corporate Identity Program approved at the 2003 World Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark, the Chapter’s name was officially changed to Junior Chamber International – Basilan Inc., during the incumbency of the 55th President (2004), JCI Mem. Jaime J. A. Rivera. He was elected National Vice President for Western Mindanao for 2006. He is the Chapter’s first JCIP Academy and PRIME Graduate (Davao 2004), as well as Certified Local Trainer duly accredited by JCI University, his term has been characterized by a closer coordination with local government units, greater synergy with the business sector, and renewed ties with other Jaycee Chapters. He likewise won the "Most Outstanding National Vice President Award of Recognition" at the 2006 JCI Philippines National Convention held in Subic, Zambales on October 2006, and was appointed National Chairman of the Voice of Philippine Democracy project, as well as National Adviser of the Philippine Junior Jaycees, Inc. in 2007. The 56th President (2005) JCI Mem. Nuayme “Indah” M. Sangkula, hails from the prodigious Sangkula Clan of Sulu, and is also a teacher, the third Muslim President of the chapter. The flagship "Miss Isabela Earth Pageant" was held during this term, with the winner - Miss Bernadette Estrada (Tantoco) - carrying the Miss Western Mindanao - Earth title and reaching the semi-finals in the Miss Philippines-Earth 2005 in Manila. JCI Basilan Inc. likewise hosted the 1st Area Council Meeting of JCI Philippines Area 5 (Mindanao) at Lantaka Hotel, Zamboanga City.
The Chapter’s 57th President (2006) JCI Mem. Rowell C. Acaylar, is a Registered Nurse and a former Police Officer. He is currently a Clinical Instructor at the Mindanao Autonomous College Foundation Inc. (MACFI) in Lamitan City. His term is highlighted by twin victories at the National Convention Temyong Awards held in Subic, Zambales, where the Chapter’s only two bids for “Most Outstanding JCI Week Celebration” and “Most Outstanding JCI Family” both won coveted “Recognitions”, a substantial feat considering the competition for said categories. It was also on this year that JCI Basilan Inc. voluntarily split into two, with the male members retaining the Chapter’s name and seal, while lady JCI Members were assisted in forming the all-female JCI Basileña, officially recognized on April 8, 2006 during the 2nd National Board Meeting of JCI Philippines Inc., held in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental.
SIDEBAR: JCI Basileña was led by its Charter President, JCI Mem. Carlissele Rodriguez-Navales, followed by JCI Mem. Bernadita F. Hontucan in 2007, and Rev. May Casiano-Casada, a female Priest of the Episcopal Church in 2008 before falling into a hiatus. The all-female chapter has since been revived for 2014 by JCI Mem. Ma. Jennesa Santos-Tubongbanua, Isabela City Councilor.
Yet another example of inter-generational dynamics happening in the Chapter is the election of Atty. Orheim T. Ferrer, son of 1992 PP Edgardo Ferrer, as the Chapter’s 58th President (2007). He is followed by the 59th President JCI Mem. James Abner S. Rodriguez, Isabela City Councilor, school administrator and community organizer, with strong ties to the local military establishment.
60th Diamond Anniversary and Beyond.
JCI Basilan reached its watershed 60th “Diamond Anniversary” during the second term of JCI Mem. James Abner Rodriguez in 2009. He was followed in 2010 by JCI Mem. Jayson Alay-Tubil, the incumbent Isabela City Tourism Officer a multi-awarded performance artist and choreographer. 2011 saw the return for a third term of JCI Mem. James Abner Rodriguez.
He was followed in 2013 by JCI Mem. Ma. Izabelle Sigrid Yu-Tang, who kicked off an array of projects and programs starting with the revival of the flagship Miss Basilan Beauty Pageant in August 2012. This was followed by the Mr. & Miss Festivale Western Mindanao in 2013.
She is followed by JCI Mem. Jayson Pia Arcan, Local Organization President for 2014. JCI Basilan Inc. is celebrating its 65th "Blue Sapphire" Anniversary on January 11, 2014 - "The Third Oldest JCI Local Chapter in Mindanao".
Roster of Presidents.
Basilan Junior Chamber of Commerce
Junior Chamber of Basilan City, Inc. (SEC Registered)
and 3-term Basilan Provincial Board Member, "Better Understanding... Better Leadership"/"Leadership through Community Service"
Basilan Jaycees, Inc.
Junior Chamber of Basilan, Inc.
Junior Chamber International – Basilan, Inc. (Philippines)
Affiliated chapters.
Senior affiliates.
Basilan Jaycee Senate (1968)
Jayceerette Club of Basilan (1970)
Junior affiliates.
Taguima Junior Jaycees (1991)
Basilan Karajaan Junior Jaycees (1999)
Basilan Junior Jaycees (2000)
Isabela City Junior Jaycees (2003)
Alano Kasanyangan Junior Jaycees (2006)
Metro Basilan Junior Jaycees (2006)
Greater Basilan Junior Jaycees (2008)
External relations.
Mother chapters.
JCI Manila (1947)
JCI Zamboanga (1948)
Chapter extensions.
JCI Koronadal "Gintong Ani" (1968)
JCI Lamitan (1976)
JCI Vinta (2004)
JCI Basileña (2006)
Sister chapters.
JCI Subic Lambat (2003)
JCI Mandaue (2003)
JCI Cebu Sinulog (2003)
JCI Cabatuan Gintong Butil (2003)
JCI Cebu Inc. (2003)
JCI Jambangan (2004)
JCI Greater Dipag (2004)
JCI Kagayhaan Gold (2004)
JCI Macajalar 24K (2004)
JCI Pagadian Heights (2004)
JCI Linamon Kulintang (2004)
JCI Ipil (2005)
JCI Greater Pagadian (2005)
JCI Mutia Siren (2006)
JCI Dipolog Blue Marlin (2007)
JCI Cavite Magiting (2008)
JCI Manileña (2008)
Chapter awards.
2006 Most Outstanding JCI Family - The Alano Family.
"2006 JCI Philippines Inc. Mindanao Area Conference, Cotabato City, Certificate of Recognition"
"2006 JCI Philippines Inc. National Convention, Subic, Zambales, Certificate of Recognition"
First generation
Don Julio Torres Alano (+) – married to Generosa “Señora Geny” Walton, charter member of JCI Zamboanga (Zamboanga Junior Chamber of Commerce); attended the 1950 World Congress hosted by the Manila Junior Chamber
Second generation
JCI Sen. Louis Walton Alano - eldest son of Don Julio, three-term LOM President of Basilan Jaycees Inc. (1973, 1980, 1983), current President of JCI Senate Basilan; former Governor of the Province of Basilan (appointed by Pres. Corazon C. Aquino), currently the Deputy Governor for Christian Affairs of the Autonomous Region for Muslims in Mindanao (ARMM); spearheaded the creation of the Concerned Citizens’ Aggrupation (anti-Marcos Coalition) in Basilan at the height of Martial Law.
JCI Sen. Laura Walton Alano – youngest daughter of Don Julio, the 50th and first Lady Jaycee President of the LOM (1999), elected National Vice President for Western Mindanao in 2000, and was awarded Most Outstanding NVP for Area V; she is currently the Chairman of the Board of Trustees and President of Juan S. Alano Memorial Hospital, Inc. and Juan S. Alano Memorial School, Inc. She’s likewise a Past President of the Rotary Club of Basilan, and a Board Member of the Philippine National Red Cross Basilan Chapter.
Sus. Mem. Juan Alano Rivera – third son of Dr. Jaime Rivera and Doña Lenora Alano (elder sister of Don Julio), joined the Basilan Jaycees in 1978 and served as On-to-Baguio NatCon Chairman.
Second generation (in-laws)
PP Ma. Theresa Manapol Alano - married to Augusto Grayson Walton Alano, youngest son of Don Julio, the 51st and second Lady Jaycee President of the LOM (2000), she was appointed by H. E. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in 2005 as Assistant Secretary of the Department of Social Welfare and Development, in charge of minority women and Mindanao
PP Marie Therese Hizon Alano – married to JCI Sen. Louis W. Alano, served as Basilan Jayceerette President during her husband’s incumbencies.
Fe Artista Rivera (+) – married to Juan Alano Rivera, served as Treasurer and Secretary General on different occasions of the Basilan Jayceerettes, an Elementary Grades Teacher, she was the Guidance Counselor of Isabela Central Elementary Pilot School (ICEPS)
Third generation
Edilberto Alano Pineda Jr. – eldest son of Edilberto Pineda and Alessandra Alano (second daughter of Don Julio) joined the Basilan Jaycees in 1994.
Enrico Julio Alano Pineda – second son of Edilberto Pineda and Alessandra Alano, joined the Jambangan Junior Jaycees at Western Mindanao State University where he served as the first Student Member of the University Board of Regents, having been elected Supreme Student Council President.
Jaime Juanito Artista Rivera – eldest son of Juan Alano Rivera and Fe Artista, served as the 55th LOM President of JCI Basilan Inc. (2004), Regional Training Director for Western Mindanao and PIO for Area V (2005), and National Vice President for Western Mindanao (2006), he previously joined the Jambangan Junior Jaycees (Ateneo) where he served as LOM President (1998), and then went on to become National Vice President for Area VI (Mindanao) for the Philippine Junior Jaycees Inc. (1999), he joined the Jambangan Jaycees in 2000 and transferred to JCI Basilan in 2003. He established the Junior Jaycee chapters of Basilan Karajaan (1999), Basilan (2000), Isabela City (2003), Lamitan (2006), Claret Lamiteños (2006), and Alano (2006). He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Director, President and CEO of Juan S. Alano Corporation and Basilan Estates, Inc., the CFO of Basilan Pioneer Electric and Ice Plant, Inc., COO of Basilan Golden Harvest Corp. and Managing Partner of MyRivera Integrated Technologies Co. He is likewise a Board Member of the Philippine National Red Cross Basilan Chapter, Chairman of the Committees on Disaster Prevention and Response, and Blood Services.
Jericho Arturo Artista Rivera – second son of Juan A. Rivera and Fe Artista served as the LOM Vice President for International Affairs (2003) and Vice President for Business Development & Entrepreneurship (2004).
Julio Jesus Manapol Alano II – eldest child of Augusto Alano and Ma. Theresa Manapol, joined the Taguima Junior Jaycees (Claret College of Isabela) and attended the PJJCI National Convention as its sole delegate in 2000.
Alfonso Miguel Manapol Alano – second son of Augusto Alano and Ma. Theresa Manapol, joined the Basilan Junior Jaycees (Basilan National High School) in 2006.
2006 Best JCI Week celebration.
"2006 JCI Philippines Inc. National Convention, Subic, Zambales, Certificate of Recognition"
Project Name: JCI Week 2006
Project Category: D.03 Best JCI Week Celebration
Duration: April 10 - May 8, 2006
Staff: 10
Sponsors: Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc., Bureau of Jail Mngt. & Penology, SK Federation of Isabela City, LGU of Isabela City, Jollibee – Basilan
Budget: P7,680.00
Profit: P4,670.00
Who benefitted
1. Members of JCI Basilan, JCI Basilena, JCI Lamitan
2. Inmates of Isabela City Jail
3. Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc. and the Business Sector of Isabela City
4. SK leaders in Isabela City
5. Metro Basilan Junior Jaycees (5 JJC LOMs)
6. Community of Isabela City
Objective
To promote a deeper awareness of JUNIOR CHAMBER INTERNATIONAL in the local community, especially in the light of the new JCI CORPORATE IDENTITY PROGRAM; To implement the NATIONAL PROJECTS of JCI Philippines, making these relevant in the local context; and, to foster greater friendships and better cooperation between and among Jaycees both within the LOM as well as in relation to neighboring LOMs.
Overview
JCI Week 2006 in Basilan was a comprehensive week-long array of activities which endeavoured to bring together both National and Local projects under a single undertaking which is meaningful and relevant both to the JCI organization as well as to the community we serve. National projects were given a distinctively local twist to better answer the immediate needs of the community, while at the same time holding true to the objectives of the national project, then everything was bundled up in a 1-week program which had high public awareness and socio-civic impact.
Results
BENEFIT TO INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS: Through the series of activities held throughout the week, our individual members gained adequate training in the practical management of projects and programs, they were exposed to the handling and implementation of national projects and have acquired vital experience in doing the same, even for local projects in the future.
BENEFIT TO THE ORGANIZATION: The series of activities greatly enhanced the image of the local organization, especially in the community it has served throughout all these years. Likewise, this enhanced image has improved the LOM’s recruitment drive which shall commence by June.
BENEFIT TO THE COMMUNITY: The community witnessed the delivery of a variety of needed services and projects which has clearly benefitted its population. Specifically, closer cooperation between JCI Basilan Inc. and the local Business Chamber, the Bureau of Jail Management & Penology, the Sangguniang Kabataan Federation and renewing ties with the Junior Jaycees will surely redound to even more activities in the future…activities which would benefit the community even more in the long run.
Actions taken:
April 10 - GMM; LOM Adoption of Project Proposal; Initial Meeting of JCI Week Project Committee at Lolo Jose Restaurant
April 16 - JCI Basilan Inc. Induction of New Members and Jaycee Family Picnic at the Alano White Beach Resort, Malamawi Island, Isabela City, Basilan
April 17 - JAYCEE WEEK 2006 Motorcade & Tri-LOM Fellowship with JCI Lamitan and JCI Basileña at Lamitan, Basilan
April 18 - Official Launching of BEYOND PRISON WALLS Program at BJMP Isabela City Jail, Isabela City, Basilan
April 19 - Official Launching of JCI MAXX Project and MOA Signing with Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc. at JCIB Secretariat, Isabela City, Basilan
April 20 - Official Launching of SK LEADERS’ PROGRAM and VANGUARD LEADERS’SEMINAR given to SK Federation of Isabela City at JSAMSI, Isabela City, Basilan
April 21 - Reactivation of JUNIOR JAYCEES and establishment of METRO-BASILAN JUNIOR JAYCEES at JSAMSI, Isabela City, Basilan
April 22 - PARLIAMENTARY PROCEDURE and PROJECT PLANNING SEMINAR for JCI Basileña at Jollibee, Isabela City, Basilan
April 23 - Co-hosted w/ JCI Basilena, the 2nd Western Mindanao REGIONAL COUNCIL MEETING, held at Jardin de La Vina Hotel, Zamboanga City
April 26 - Project Evaluation Conference; Drafting of Project Completion Report
May 8 - GMM; Submission and Approval of Completion Report
Recommendations
The dissemination of JCI Week Guidelines should be issued/distributed at a much earlier date.
Likewise, the individual project guidelines for the JCI Week component projects (JCI Maxx, JJC Revival, etc.) should have been included in the final JCI Week circular so that the implementing LOMs will have adequate project parameters to work with, as well as for these same LOMs to have a good gauge of their own performance in the evaluation conference.
General Planning, Execution and Finance:
Actual preparation for the groundwork started months before the adoption of the final project proposal, which by then already incorporated a lot of the institutional aspects of the project...this project having been implemented religiously for several years in a row. Likewise, as a matter of LOM tradition, the LOM EVP has been given a formal appointment by the LOM President to draft a project proposal which shall conform with the stipulations stated in the NOM-guidelines for the JCI Week celebrations throughout the country.
Formal adoption of the Project Proposal is embodied in LOM Res. No. 08, s. 2006, to wit: " Resolved, as it is hereby resolved, to adopt the Proposed Project "JCI WEEK 2006" as presented. Resolved further, to confirm the appointment of LOM EVP Orheim T. Ferrer as Overall Project Director." The same resolution was duly passed on the April 10, 2006 GMM of JCI Basilan Inc. The Project Proposal draft was only made available at this late date because the National Guidelines were officially released during the 2nd National Board Meeting (April 8, 2006) only. Even so, initial preparations have already been made as early as February 2006.
For the purpose of financing the said activity, the LOM has appropriated five thousand pesos (P5,000.00) from its internal funds for mobilization, which was approved for release on April 11, 2006.
Immediately, the Project Committee headed by LOM EVP Orheim T. Ferrer, kicked into full gear, final preparations for the week-long series of activities being confined to production of promotional materials, confirmations of venue bookings, guest invitations, etc., with the bulk of the budget being earmarked for the April 16–22 week-long affair.
Component projects were delegated to Deputy Project Chairmen, who were assigned to handle specific sub-projects. To ensure that all our members had ample experience handling projects of this nature, while at the same time, mindful of giving our freshmen adequate guidance, the positions of Deputy Project Chairmen were farmed out mostly to our newer members.
For additional funding, the Project Committee forged separate sponsorship agreements with the Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc., Bureau of Jail Mngt. & Penology, SK Federation of Isabela City, LGU of Isabela City, Jollibee – Basilan, for such considerations as sound systems, venue rentals, snacks for participants, etc., which helped in substantially downscaling our expenses to the barest minimum.
Also, the Past Presidents of the Chapter volunteered some funds which were likewise coursed to the project as well.
NVP Jaime J. A. Rivera sponsored the entrance fees and the cottage rentals during the New Members’ Induction and Jaycee Family Picnic (April 16) at the Alano White Beach Resort on Malamawi Island, while the members brought food potluck-style. We had, as guests, PP Edgardo Ferrer, PP Ma. Theresa M. Alano (Asec., DSWD), and PNVP Laura W. Alano.
The second day (April 17) witnessed the traditional Motorcade around town, which ended in the next Municipality – Lamitan, where we had our Lunch and Tri-LOM Fellowship, sponsored by JCI Lamitan.
The Local Launching of the BEYOND PRISON WALLS Project which was conducted on the third day (April 18), was sponsored by the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology, whose Jail Warden – JCI Mem. Rolly Sedano, was only too happy to accommodate the Chapter. This was capped by a short program, to which NVP Jaime J. A. Rivera was invited to present the guidelines of the National Project.
The fourth day (April 19) was jointly sponsored by JCI Basilan, Inc., the Basilan Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Inc., and the Juan S. Alano Group of Companies, for the Local Launching of JCI MAXX, enlisting all members of the local business chamber to offer preferential discounts and rebates to Jaycees carrying the current JCI membership card, and even extended these privileges to Past Presidents and JCI Senators! Likewise, JCI Basilan Inc., JCI Basileña, and BCCII, inked a Memorandum of Agreement whereby the three organizations shall cause to share resources, as well as a single Clubhouse-cum-Operations Center, its rentals being donated by the Alano Group <the venue being located in the Alano Building>, the staff by the Jaycee chapters, and financing by BCCII.
Day Five and Six (April 20–21) were conducted within the campus of the Juan S. Alano Memorial School, Inc., with Leadership Training Seminars and Team-building courses given, first, to 45 Sangguniang Kabataan Chairpersons from the 46 Barangays of Isabela City, and thenthe next day to 82 Junior Jaycees from four of the five active chapters in Isabela City and Lamitan. The Junior Jaycees were also given a Basic Orientation Seminar for JJCs. The seminar facilitators were NVP Jaime J. A. Rivera, PRIME Davao ’04, and JCI Mem. Viermizzar Kanni, Certified National Trainor of the Philippine National Red Cross. Also on these days, the official launch of the SK Leaders’ Program was announced and presented, and the five (5) Junior Jaycee chapters were organized under one Metro-Chapter, a sort of umbrella organization for the Junior Jaycees, called the Metro-Basilan Junior Jaycees.
The following day (April 22) we conducted a Parliamentary Procedure and Project Planning Seminar jointly attended by our members and JCI Basileña, held at the second floor of Jollibee – Basilan Branch. Jollibee offered us sponsored discounts and were given time to pitch their products to the attendees at the end of the seminar sessions.
The last day (April 23) was the most fun yet! We co-hosted the 2nd REGIONAL COUNCIL MEETING for WESTERN MINDANAO with JCI Basileña, held at Main Conference Room of Jardin de La Viña Hotel, Gov. Alvarez St., Zamboanga City, which was attended by a total of 11 LOMs. We ended the day at the 2nd Turnover and Induction Ceremonies of JCI Vinta (a JCI Basilan Inc. Extended LOM from 2004), held at the Zamboanga Golf & Country Club’s Grille Restaurant & Clubhouse.
The Project Committee had its Project Evaluation and Review Conference on April 26, 2006, and ascertained that the project earned a total of Twelve Thousand Three Hundred and Fifty Pesos (P12,350.00) for the chapter, or a Net Profit of Four Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy Pesos (P4,670.00).
The Final Project Completion Report was submitted and subsequently approved by the LOM during its May 8, 2006 Regular General Membership Meeting, and is embodied in LOM Resolution No. 13, s. 2006, to wit: “Resolved, to Accept the Project Completion Report of the “JCI Week 2006” Project Committee as presented. Resolved further, to commend the JCI Week 2006 Project Committee Members for a job extremely well done.”
Promotion utilized
The entire promotional campaign for JCI Week 2006, was hinged on three (3) over-riding objectives: (1) the campaign had to reach as many people as was allowed by our limited resources and modes of advertising; (2) the stakeholders, partners, beneficiaries of the project had to be mobilized enough to actively involve them in the promotional campaign; and, (3) the campaign had to be extensive, intensive and comprehensive!
After a thorough consideration of the available resources and modes of implementation, the Project Committee finally decided on the following:
The Promotional Campaign, which lasted from April 12 – 23, 2006, primarily relied on five (5) forms of promotional activities, namely: (1) extensive use of personal/professional networks and/or contacts to ensure a word-of-mouth campaign that reached most, if not all, our targeted audiences; (2) LGU/NGO assistance from partner institutions and/or agencies both in and out of the government framework, through the dissemination of official circulars, memoranda, and notices distributed to their own employees, staff and clients/constituents, as well as active participation and sponsorship of selected (read: high-impact, high-awareness) LGU/NGO projects and/or programs within which we were able to promote our JCI Week 2006 activities; (3) outdoor advertising, composed of streamers, bills, programs/invitations, etc.; (4) SMS Broadcasts via “group-texts” and “pass-on-texts” which definitely helped a lot in informing our target audience, participants, beneficiaries, providing them with up-to-date bulletins related to the week-long series of events; and, (5) public service announcements and bulletins posted on the local cable company’s community channel.
To realize this, the Project Committee visited our partner institutions/organizations. Immediately, the City Government of Isabela included the activities of JCI Week 2006 as official events of the 3rd Cocowayan Festival (Anniversary of the City of Isabela), which was concluded on April 25, 2006. Memoranda from City Hall outlined the activities officially sanctioned by the local authorities, and appointed JCI Basilan Inc. as the official representative of the NGO Sector to the Cocowayan Festival Committee and the City Tourism Council. All LGU component divisions and offices were given copies of the JCI Week 2006 activities (included in the Festival Program), and office staff, employees and personnel were directed to render every necessary assistance to the Jaycee activities. Likewise, our partners in the business sector, headed by no less than the Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc., and its 154-member-business establishments (e.g., Jollibee – Basilan, Basilan Shipping Lines, Inc., D’Biel Transit Co., etc. ) agreed to have our posters and handbills pinned and distributed in their business premises and/or vessels/PUVs. Streamers were placed in conspicuous public thoroughfares and spaces, some of which were even donated by the LGU itself. Finally, the local cable company (BCH Cable TV, Inc., whose owner is 1974 PP Ed Eustaquio) donated free info-plugs posted at the cable community channel throughout the campaign period.
Our having to resort to these alternative promotional modes is due to the fact that our place has no locally based and operating free-TV nor Radio stations. Neither are there any regular (i.e. dailies, weeklies, etc.) locally produced periodicals, newspapers/tabloids, etc., save for school organs which print out on a quarterly basis (moreover, our activities falling in the middle of summer meant even this channel was, at that time, unavailable for our publicity team).
Even so, Basilan, and in particular, Isabela City is a small enough place for us to be able to sufficiently cover a substantial demographic with our limited resources and even more limited modes of advertising. The participation and cooperation of our community sponsors and partner institutions, however, was the linchpin that made our promotional efforts truly effective.
Evaluation
Overall, the conduct of JCI Week 2006 was a resounding success.
At the outset, the Project Team knew that this was not going to be a fundraising vehicle, and expected a deficit, which was reminiscent of most of the JCI Week celebrations in its 57-year history…and yet, a profit (albeit, admittedly small in comparison to full-blown fundraising projects) was had. The sometimes surprising response form our community sponsors and partner institutions, coupled with the full support of our LGU brought about a substantial outpouring of assistance both financial and physical.
Despite the eleventh-minute appearance of the National Guidelines, the JCI Week celebrations have already been institutionalized to such an extent that most of the initial preparations needed for the successful conduct of the project have already been laid down months before the Project Proposal was even drafted.
JCI Membership and Public Participation:
JCI MEMBERSHIP: A total of three (3) LOMs participated in the JCI Week 2006, namely: JCI Basilan Inc., JCI Lamitan and JCI Basileña, or a total of at least 60 individual JCI Members (out of a total 79 registered with JCIP) participating, both as members of the Project Committee, as well as attendees in the seminars, fellowships, etc. Add to this, the participation of the five (5) JJC chapters, namely: JJC Taguima, JJC Basilan Karajaan, JJC Basilan, JJC Isabela City, and JJC Lamitan, which counts at least 120 individual JJC members. We likewise invited several Past Presidents and Past Jaycees as special guests in some of the affairs conducted.
Public participation
DAY 1 – JCI Basilan Inc. and JCI Basileña members spent the day at the Beach for the New Members’ Induction and Jaycee Family Picnic. We were joined by our families. The affair was witnessed by beach patrons and vacationers.
DAY 2 – Our members visited our newly revived neighbor, JCI Lamitan for a Lunch Fellowship. We were joined by JJC Lamitan members as well.
DAY 3 – The entire staff of the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology – Isabela City Jail joined us in the launching of the Beyond Prison Walls Project.
DAY 4 – 34 business-owners and members of the Basilan Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Inc. (BCCII), were present to witness the launching of JCI MAXX and the MOA Signing between JCI Basilan, Inc. and BCCII.
DAY 5 – 45 SK Chairmen (out of 46 Barangays!) attended the launching of the SK Leaders’ Program and the Vanguard Leaders’ Seminar conducted by the chapter.
DAY 6 – 120 Junior Jaycees attended the Team-Building and Basic Orientation Seminars conducted by the chapter.
DAY 7 – 15 individual members from JCI Basileña attended the Parliamentary Procedure and Project Planning Seminar.
DAY 8 – 11 LOMs from throughout Western Mindanao attended the 2nd JCI WESTERN MINDANAO REGIONAL COUNCIL MEETING.
Value to own JCI local organization:
The conduct of JCI Week 2006 should not be gauged by finances alone, although it did make a pretty respectable profit out of a traditionally deficit-producing project.
It should neither be judged by the mere number of participants both within and outside of the organization, although we did get to attract a pretty substantial number of people from all walks of life and in all levels of the local bureaucracy, in government, the private sector, and among the NGOs.
It should instead be measured by the extent to which the individual members, project team members and participants were enriched by the entire experience. The knowledge gained by our new members who were thrust into positions of great responsibility are priceless manifestations of the success of the project. The fact that the project was able to meld both inexperience and expertise from among the members of the LOM, and was able to make things work…maybe not in clockwork timing…but work nevertheless, is the be all and end all of the entire undertaking. If only for these achievements, we are proud to advance our hopes of winning over other equally worthy JCI Week celebrations throughout the archipelago.
For the rest of the evidence, let our empirical numbers speak for themselves: 8 days, 10 team members, 13 component projects, 60 JCI members in 3 LOMs, 120 Junior Jaycees in 5 JJC LOMs, 154 business establishments in 1 BSO, 45 SK Chairmen out of 46 Barangays, an initial budget of P5,000, and a net profit of P4,670, a gajillion tons of goodwill!

</doc>
<doc id="21518382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518382" title="Slavinje">
Slavinje

Slavinje (; ) is a village on the road between Hruševje and Razdrto in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Gertrude and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21518392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518392" title="Morini (disambiguation)">
Morini (disambiguation)

Morini may refer to:
As an Italian surname it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21518444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518444" title="Grey Britain">
Grey Britain

Grey Britain is the second album by English hardcore punk band, Gallows, released 2 May 2009 through Warner Bros. Records. It is their last album to feature lead singer Frank Carter, and their first with guitarist Steph Carter writing and recording.
Background information.
A second album by Gallows was first hinted by vocalist Frank Carter during an interview with "NME", where he stated that because Gallows was "a hobby I get paid for," the band would likely be defunct by 2010. However, he confirmed that during this period, the band would record up to two additional albums. He later told "Kerrang!" that the claims regarding the band's imminent break-up were untrue.
In an interview with "Kerrang!", it was revealed that Gallows' sophomore effort would feature guest appearances by Biffy Clyro's Simon Neil, and various members of Rolo Tomassi and Cancer Bats. In an interview at Sonisphere 2009, the brother of Frank Carter and vocalist of British hardcore band Blackhole, Richard Carter confirmed that he appeared on the track 'Black Eyes'. Guitarist Laurent Barnard confessed that the nearly finished album had left him "stoked."
In the March edition of "Total Guitar", guitarists Steph Carter and Laurent Barnard noted that most of the keyboards had been stripped back and that the guitars were reminiscent of Black Sabbath's 1970s efforts. They also noted that the main goal when writing "Grey Britain" was to make it "the heaviest album they had ever heard."
In an interview with "Rock Sound", Carter announced that "Grey Britain" would be 49 minutes of aggressive music and that signing a contract with a major label had not influenced the band to record a "poppy" or more "commercial" album.
On January 13, 2009, Carter revealed on BBC Radio 1 that the album would be released in early May 2009, after which the band will resume touring. On the following day, the band announced their second studio album would be titled "Grey Britain", and that it has been produced by Garth Richardson. Carter recently explained the premise of the album to "Kerrang!", saying, "Britain is fucked. "Grey Britain" is all about what's going on socially, politically and economically in the UK and how it affects us."
On March 1, 2009, it was announced that the first single from the album would be "The Vulture (Acts I & II)," to be released on April 27. The music video for "The Vulture (Act II)" had its world première on March 23, 2009.
Carter told "Kerrang!" that he wrote "Misery" when he was at his "lowest ebb." 
Reception.
"Grey Britain" received almost universal acclaim from critics, scoring Album of the Month in Rock Sound magazine and 8/10 on "Drowned in Sound", who commented: "the music rockets from intentionally rudimentary knuckle-whiteners to ambitious-of-design affairs that reconfigure one’s opinions on a band previously seen as a straight-up hardcore act". Ben Myers of "Mojo" commented "Not since the Pistols and The Specials has a pissed off provincial band so clearly meant it" and ClashMusic called the record "as daunting as blow-drying your face in the evil ghost-gas that Indiana Jones unleashes from The Lost Ark". Stereokill described the album as a "dark and powerful, hardcore punk masterpiece."
"The Telegraph" praised the group for its lack of compromise, echoing Stereokill in calling Grey Britain "a masterpiece of rock brutalism". It also noted the progression of Gallows' sound, combining traditional hardcore sound with newer styles, comparing the "grotesquely churning riffage" with that used by numetal bands such as Slipknot. It summed up the album as "the most exciting album in many moons."
The album debuted at number 20 in the UK album chart on the 10th May 2009.
Kerrang! listed "Grey Britain" as the best album of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21518498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518498" title="Bartek Niziol">
Bartek Niziol

Bartłomiej "Bartek" Nizioł (born February 1, 1974 in Szczecin (Poland)) is a Polish violinist playing in a bel canto style. His interpretations tend to be objective and comprehensive.
Biography.
Education.
Niziol started learning the violin at the age of five. "I have loved music since I was a child. I did what my big sister did: I played the violin, and it suited my inclinations and my talent. Out of this has grown a great love, together with a need to place my gifts at the service of music and of the public. This is something I have never questioned. Consequently, for me, making music has become as natural a process as walking. Without music there is nothing for me", says Niziol. His first teacher was Stanisław Ślusarek (at Państwowa Szkoła Muzyczna I stopnia im. Tadeusza Szeligowskiego in Szczecin, 1979–1984). We can read on the website of his first school: "Very active musically from the beginning of his study, we found him diligent and patient as a pupil of a difficult study of playing the violin". Following this Niziol received tuition in Stanisław Hajzer's class (at Zespół Szkół Muzycznych im. Feliksa Nowowiejskiego in Szczecin, 1984–1987).
Niziol entered the music school for gifted children in Poznań at the age of twelve to receive tuition in the class of Prof. Jadwiga Kaliszewska who told him that "a gift of music like Bartek's happens once a hundred years or even more rarely". Seven years later (in 1993), Niziol graduated with honour from the Academy of Music in Poznań to continue his study in Lausanne under Pierre Amoyal. Besides his regular studies, he took part in several master classes where he worked with such musicians as Zakhar Bron, Mauricio Fuchs, Ruggiero Ricci and Michael Frischenschlager.
Competitions.
Bartłomiej Niziol has won top prizes at many violin competitions:
After winning at the J. Thibaud Competition, Niziol signed a special contract with the Alliance française to give over 100 concerts all over the world, including 11 countries in Asia and many countries in South America. He has performed in such cities as Tokyo, Mexico City, Caracas, São Paulo, Bogotá, Rio de Janeiro), and even in small towns in Africa.
Niziol, when being interviewed in 1995 for "Studio" (Polish magazine on classical music), was asked why he had taken part in so many competitions. He answered that "Probably only the latest Parisian competition actually gave me full satisfaction. That's why my activities so far have included such a great number of competitions". In reference to the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition in Poznań Niziol stated: "It was, of course, a great satisfaction win the competition, as the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition is regarded in our country Poland as one of the most important artistic events. But, unfortunately, I must sincerely say that winning the First Prize in Poznań doesn't bring many profits. Naturally, I was noticed in the country Poland, I gained some prestige, but nothing matters as, actually, I had only a few subsequent concerts, and exclusively in the country (...)".
Career development.
Niziol has performed as a soloist with many renowned orchestras: Tonhalle Orchester Zurich, Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France, Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, English Chamber Orchestra, London Symphony Orchestra, North German Radio Symphony Orchestra, Southwest German Radio Symphony Orchestra, New Japan Philharmonic Orchestra, Edmonton Symphony Orchestra, Sinfonia Helvetica, Sinfonia Varsovia, in many famous concert halls: Barbican Centre in London (upon the invitation of Yehudi Menuhin), Salle Pleyel in Paris, Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris, Schauspielhaus in Berlin, Suntory Hall in Tokyo. He has collaborated with many famous conductors: Yehudi Menuhin, Jan Krenz, Marek Janowski, David Zinman, Heinrich Schiff, Grzegorz Nowak, Jacek Kaspszyk, Wojciech Michniewski, Andrey Boreyko, Yoav Talmi, Philippe Entremont.
Niziol has participated in music festivals, the most important being: MIDEM in Cannes (where his interpretation of Wieniawski’s Violin Concerto No. 2 (Wieniawski) received an enthusiastic reception), Festival de Radio France et Montpellier in Montpelier, “Zino Francescatti” Violin Festival, Festival de Carcassone and “Musique et Amitié” in Switzerland. He has also appeared on Europalia Poland 2001 in Belgium, Warsaw Autumn in Poland and Musica Polonica Nova in Wrocław, Poland (2006).
Various musical activities.
From 1997 to 2003, Niziol was concertmaster of the Tonhalle Orchester Zurich. As he himself stated in an interview for Polish Radio (broadcast on January 5, 2009), “many of the best violinists, such as Joseph Joachim or Ysaÿe, for example, were all concertmasters in various orchestras.” Niziol added that he does not agree with a new image of “only-virtuoso violinist who doesn’t perform in ensembles.” Since 2003 Niziol has been concertmaster of the Zurich Opera.
Niziol is the founder of the Niziol Quartet. Their debut took place on the October 5, 2000 at the Tonhalle Zurich (sold out). On Niziol's official website we can read: "The Niziol Quartet performs with passion, virtuosity and a wide palette of tone colours and touches its audience through the depth of its playing. Its members are from Poland, USA, Switzerland and Russia. They came together as players in the Zurich Tonhalle Orchestra". The Niziol Quartet has recorded two albums, the second of them including String Quartets by Paul Juon (world premiere recording).
In 2007 the Stradivari Quartet was founded in Zürich where Niziol plays 1st violin. To find four Stradivarius instruments in one quartet is very rare. In fact, there are just two such quartets worldwide: the Tokyo String Quartet (founded in New York in 1969) and the Stradivari Quartet. In May 2008, the two quartets together performed the Octet in E-flat, Op. 20 by Felix Mendelssohn. The quartet has signed a contract with the prestigious mark of SONY. Their debut disc will include String Quartets, Op. 50 by Joseph Haydn and is due to appear in 2009.
Apart from the two quartets, Niziol gives regular recitals and sonata evenings in many prestigious venues, also appearing with different ensembles: he has performed with Pinchas Zukermann, Elisabeth Leonskaja, the Imperial Piano Trio & the Limming Ensemble. He has also formed a part-time trio with the Yofin Ensemble, including Konstantin Timokhine (natural horn) and Daniela Timokhine (piano, organ). Their recording of "Esquisse" by Georges Barboteu can be found on YouTube. Niziol has also collaborated with the renowned film music composer Vladimir Cosma (performing his “Concerto de Berlin”).
Repertoire.
Niziol’s repertoire includes a few dozen violin concertos, from J.S. Bach and Vivaldi to Penderecki, whose 2nd Violin Concerto was performed at the Warsaw Autumn with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra under Jan Krenz.
Teaching activities.
In October 2006 Niziol was a member of the jury of the 13th Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition, the youngest juror in the history of this competition (he was 32 years old). As we can read on the site of the Henryk Wieniawski Musical Society of Poznań, "assisted by a group of domestic and international consultants, as well as the Board of the Wieniawski Society of Poznan, Konstanty Andrzej Kulka, one of the most illustrious Polish musical artists prepared the competition. With Wanda Wilkomirska and Bartlomiej Niziol, who represent two very different generations of the Competition’s laureates, and eight other international violin luminaries, he looked for young virtuosos most worthy of the Wieniawski 2006 laurel".
Since autumn 2008 Niziol has been teaching at the Musikhochschule in Bern (Switzerland). As he himself claims (in an interview with Polish Radio), his professional motto is: "I don't want to force anybody to play in the same way as I do, to imitate my playing. I try to show many different ways of playing - while teaching I always play - and it's the student who must choose."
Between the 13 and 19 July 2009, Niziol served as lecturer and artistic director of the first MasterClass edition in Piła (in Poland) - the "masterly review of musical personalities", including the violin, the alto, the cello & the double bass. The other professors were Michel Willi (Switzerland), David Greenlees (Great Britain), Alexander Neustroev (Russia) & Dariusz Mizera (Poland). Each day of courses was concluded with a concert evening with pupils in the leading role. One of them was Agata Szymczewska, the winner of the First Prize at the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition in Poznan in 2006.
Instruments played.
At the beginning of his career, Niziol played a contemporary violin. When recording his debut solo CD for DUX (Polish label), he played a Giovanni Paolo Maggini violin (1996). From 1997 to 2003 Niziol played the Stradivarius “Wieniawski” from 1719 (which belonged itself to the 19th century Polish virtuoso and composer Henryk Wieniawski). Since 2003 he has performed on the Guarneri del Gesù from 1727 and since 2007 he also has played the Stradivarius “Aurea” (which means "Golden") from 1715.
Summary.
Today Niziol, playing as a soloist, as concertmaster of the Zurich opera house orchestra, and the first violinist of two quartets, is probably one of the most creative violinists in the world. In his free time, his family “plays first fiddle”, and he is a hands-on father and husband.
Recordings.
For his recordings, Niziol has received three Fryderyk awards: for the discs with Wieniawski (DUX, 1996), Bacewicz (DUX, 2005) & Ysaye (MVCD, 2010).
Niziol's interpretation of the Violin Concerto (Brahms) in D, Op. 77 by Brahms is considered, alongside that of David Oistrakh, as one of the most interesting in the history of recordings. In the "Daily Telegraph" we could read about this interpretation: "(...) There is something exhilarating about a musician who takes risks, within the stylistic orbit of the music he is playing. Niziol did that in the Brahms Concerto. It was a fascinating performance, full of colour and light and tonal variety, breadth and command, and he showed every sign of developing into a violinist of exceptional stature (...)".

</doc>
<doc id="21518511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518511" title="Friedrich Wilms">
Friedrich Wilms

Friedrich Wilms (19 April 1848 Münster, Westphalia - 2 March 1919 Berlin-Steglitz), was a German apothecary, botanical collector and traveller.
Wilms voyaged to South Africa on the same boat as Bachmann, arriving in Cape Town on 4 July 1883. Bachmann disembarked and Wilms sailed on to Durban. He travelled by train to Pietermaritzburg where he started collecting. From here he made use of an ox-wagon to get to Greytown and northwest to Ladysmith, crossing the Natal Drakensberg at Laing's Nek on 17 November 1883. From here he travelled north to Pretoria, east to Bronkhorstspruit and further east to Lydenburg which was to be his headquarters for the next 13 years. Using Lydenburg as his base, he made a number of collecting trips. He also ventured through the malaria-infested coastal flats of Portuguese East Africa to reach Delagoa Bay, choosing the winter season when there were fewer mosquitoes about. 
In 1896 he returned to Germany with an extensive collection of mosses, lichens, ferns and phanerogams. His paper of 1898 entitled ""Ein botanischer Ausflug ins Boerenland"" which appeared in "Verh. Bot. Ver. Prov. Brandenb.", included interesting observations on the vegetation.
Wilms was later appointed as an assistant in the moss section of the Botanical Museum Berlin-Dahlem and was also closely involved in the taxonomy of specimens collected by August Gottlieb Hans Rudatis. He is commemorated in numerous specific names such as "Kirkia wilmsii" Engl., "Melolobium wilmsii" Harms, "Argyrolobium wilmsii" Harms, "Streptocarpus wilmsii" Engl., "Polygala wilmsii" Chodat, "Salix wilmsii" Seem. and "Lejeunea wilmsii" Steph.

</doc>
<doc id="21518540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518540" title="Cicindela sylvatica">
Cicindela sylvatica

Cicindela sylvatica is a tiger beetle, commonly known as the wood tiger beetle or heath tiger beetle. It is the largest of the British tiger beetles with a length of between . It is black in colour with a blue tinge, more pronounced on the underside, and sometimes appears with a bronze sheen.
The beetle occurs throughout Europe with the exception of the Mediterranean and the extreme north. In the UK, it is found in England. The beetle has been given priority status under the UK Biodiversity Action Plan (UK BAP) and has been included in the English Nature's Species Recovery Programme. The beetle population has declined in England by 65% over 40 years. The beetle's traditional stronghold is on the Dorset heaths where there are at least 4 populations, and also persists in two populations on the Surrey heaths.
The distribution list is Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia Herzegovina, Byelorussia, China, Croatia, the Czech Republic, mainland Denmark, Estonia, Finland, mainland France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary (doubtful), Ireland, Kaliningrad, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, the Republic of Macedonia, Mongolia, the Netherlands, North Korea, mainland Norway, Poland, Romania(doubtful), Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, mainland Spain, Sweden, Turkey and Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="21518578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518578" title="Garchen Rinpoche">
Garchen Rinpoche

Garchen Rinpoche (born 1936, east Tibet) is a Tibetan Buddhist teacher in the Drikung Kagyu lineage. He is believed to be an incarnation of Siddha Gar Chodingpa, a heart-disciple of Jigten Sumgön, founder of the Drikung Kagyu lineage in the thirteenth century, C.E. He is also believed to have incarnated as Mahasiddha Aryadeva in ancient India - the lotus-born disciple of Nagarjuna himself. He was known as Lonpo Gar, the minister of Tibetan dharma king Songsten Gampo in the seventh century CE.
Life.
Garchen Rinpoche was born in 1936 in Nangchen, Kham in eastern Tibet. When Garchen Rinpoche was seven years old he was brought to Lho Miyal Monastery after he was recognized by the former Drikung Kyabgon Zhiwe Lodro where he was instructed by Siddha Chime Dorje.
When he was 22 he was imprisoned by the Chinese for 20 years and put in a labor camp during the Chinese Cultural Revolution. During that time he met with Khenpo Munsel who became his root guru. Khenpo Munsel was a Nyingma master who taught him during the whole 20 years of his imprisonment. During that time, while enduring the labor camp hardships, Garchen Rinpoche kept on practicing in secret, according to his guru's instructions until he achieved the wisdom-mind which Khenpo Musel called "an emanation of a Bodhisattva".
Garchen Rinpoche was released from prison in 1979. As soon as he was released, he took it upon himself to rebuild the Drikung Kagyu monasteries, reestablish the Buddhist teachings, and build two boarding schools for local children in eastern Tibet.
Garchen Rinpoche first came to North America in 1997, teaching in Canada and the United States.
Current Activities and Expertise.
Garchen Rinpoche is the founder and spiritual director of the Garchen Buddhist Institute in Chino Valley, Arizona, the Drikung Mahayana Center in North Potomac, Maryland and Gar Drolma Choling in Dayton, Ohio. Rinpoche is also the spiritual director of many other Dharma centers and teaches throughout North America, Asia, and Europe.
Rinpoche is a master of dzogchen, the fivefold practice Mahamudra, the six yogas of Naropa, and the preliminary practices (Tib. ngondro). He widely promotes Thogme Zangpo's "Thirty-Seven Practices of a Bodhisattva" and White Tara practice.

</doc>
<doc id="21518587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518587" title="Mary Goelet">
Mary Goelet

Mary Goelet, Duchess of Roxburghe (1878-1937) was the daughter of prominent New Yorkers Ogden Goelet and Mary Wilson of the "Marrying Wilsons". She was a niece of Richard Thornton Wilson, Jr. and Grace Graham Wilson."
Biography.
Known as "May" within her family circle, she married Henry Innes-Ker, 8th Duke of Roxburghe in 1903. The 8th Duke and Duchess of Roxburgh settled at Floors Castle, where Mary decorated the fortress with her own collection of art including a priceless series of 17th century Gobelins Manufactory tapestries. After ten years of childlessness, Mary gave birth to a son and heir, George Innes-Ker, 9th Duke of Roxburghe, who succeeded his father in 1932. At the time of her marriage to the Duke of Roxburghe, Mary Goelet was the wealthiest American heiress, with a dowry of twenty million dollars, exceeded only by Consuelo Vanderbilt in the wealth brought to the transatlantic marriages of the pre-1914 era.

</doc>
<doc id="21518606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518606" title="Urals oil">
Urals oil

Urals oil is a reference oil brand used as a basis for pricing for the Russian export oil mixture. It is a mix of heavy, high-oil of Urals and the Volga region with light oil of Western Siberia. Other reference oils are Brent, West Texas Intermediate and Dubai.
Urals brand oil is supplied through Novorossiysk pipeline system and the Druzhba pipeline. In Russia, oil futures class Urals trade on the stock exchange Russian Trading System. At NYMEX it is known under the name of REBCO (Russian Export Blend Crude Oil).

</doc>
<doc id="21518652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518652" title="Elvan">
Elvan

Elvan is a name used in Cornwall and Devon for the native varieties of quartz-porphyry. They are dispersed irregularly in the Upper Devonian series of rocks and some of them make very fine building stones (e.g. Pentewan stone, Polyphant stone and Catacleuse stone). Greenstone is another name for this stone and it is often used for parts of buildings such as doorways so they can be finely carved. Most of the elvan quarries are now disused. Others are quarried in bulk for aggregates commonly used for road-building.
Archaeology.
Approximately 400 prehistoric stone axes, known as Group 1 axes and made from greenstone, have been found all over Britain, which from petrological analysis appear to come from west Cornwall. Although the quarry has not been identified, it has been suggested that the "Gear", a rock now submerged half a mile from the shore at Penzance, may be the site. A significant amount of trade is indicated as many have been found elsewhere in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="21518665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518665" title="Franz Ewald Theodor Bachmann">
Franz Ewald Theodor Bachmann

Franz Ewald Theodor Bachmann (21 July 1850 Lisse nr Posen – 1937), was a medical practitioner and naturalist.
Bachmann studied in Breslau with Adolf Engler and in Würzburg where he was awarded an M.D. in 1883. He arrived in the Cape on 4 July 1883 in the company of Friedrich Wilms and disembarked while Wilms carried on to Durban. Bachmann spent the next four years practising medicine in the Western Cape, spending two years in Darling and the remainder in Hopefield. In November 1887 he left for Natal aboard the "Trojan" and stayed for a year in Pondoland where he acted as agent for "Berlinsche Pondo Gesellschaft", writing a report on the natural resources there and trying to acquire land for a German agricultural settlement, a venture which was never realised. He wrote an account of his experiences ""Reisen, Erlebnisse und Beobachtungen in der Kapkolonie, Natal und Pondoland"", published in 1901 in Berlin, but of scant botanical importance. His first trip went from Durban to Pietermaritzburg, across the Ixopo and Umzimkulu Rivers to Clydesdale Mission. His return route crossed the Ibisi River near Harding where he called at the Marburg Mission before getting back to Durban via a boat from Port Shepstone.
His second journey started off on 15 January 1888 when he left on horseback from Marburg Mission with Conrad Beyrich. They went via Flagstaff to Lusikisiki, visiting "Qawukeni" or "Qaukeni", the kraal of the Paramount Chief of the Pondo people. From there they went through to the Egossa Forest and on to Port St Johns. Establishing a camp at the ill-fated Port Grosvenor, he made a short excursion to the Mateku Falls on a tributary of the Umsikaba River. He reached Durban in November 1888 and embarked on a boat calling at Port Elizabeth and Cape Town en route to Berlin where he arrived in January 1889.
Besides flowering plants he collected some fungi, lichens and mosses, and various natural history specimens. Insect collections, mainly Coleoptera made by him in Münster, Breslau and Mähren are conserved in Landesmuseum für Naturkunde Münster and insect collections made in Transvaal are in Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin.
He is commemorated in the genus "Bachmannia", "Leonotis bachmannii", "Struthiola bachmannii" and "Kniphofia bachmannii".

</doc>
<doc id="21518682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518682" title="Cryptocercus garciai">
Cryptocercus garciai

Cryptocercus garciai is a species of wood roach named after American musician Jerry Garcia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518683" title="Stara Vas, Postojna">
Stara Vas, Postojna

Stara Vas (; ) is a small village on the southern outskirts of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Anthony of Padua and belongs to the Parish of Postojna.

</doc>
<doc id="21518684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518684" title="Broll">
Broll

Broll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21518695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518695" title="Black Jackets Company">
Black Jackets Company

Black Jackets Company (BJCo) founded in 1995 in Brussels, (Belgium) is an International Society for Contemporary Arts. The Company mainly supports the post-scolopéndric art movement. 
Black Jackets Company is also the generic name for all activities of BJCo- dependent of BJCo label.
BJCo..
"Black Jackets Company" (1995–)
After organising some meetings on musical composition in Brussels since 1995, young composers less than 30-year-old, Pierre Kolp (Belgium), Juan Carlos Tolosa (Argentina), and Francis Ubertelli (Canada), later with participation of David Nuñez (Venezuela), founds Black Jackets Company ("BJCo") . The name comes from two facts: first, usually, classical musicians always play with Black Jackets (and by opposition pop musicians, don't) and second, the initials "Co-" can have many meanings (Corporation, Company, Collective, Collections, Copyright, Composers, …). The "BJCo-" concept implies to open musical acts to all creative domains, that is the Company. Mixing cinema (Giovanni Cioni), danse (Barbara Manzetti, Marian del Valle, Olga De Soto), theatre (Sofie Kokaj), scenography Colin Legras, Thibaut Vancraenenbroeck and, of course, the collective, BJCo- cools Contemporary Arts Atmosphere on Brussels area.
BJCo-.
Black Jackets Co- mposers (1996–).
The first performance of Black Jackets Company took place in Brussels, at Le Plateau 25 October 1996. In 1998, the composers found the post-scolopéndric movement. This movement mainly growths in Canada and South America.
Black Jackets Co- llective (1996–2005).
Also known as Black Jackets Ensemble
In 1997, after the success of their first concert Black Jackets Co-mposers decide to manage a small group of talented young musicians formed in the Belgian Conservatories, the Black Jackets Co-llectif, also known as Black Jackets Ensemble. Violinist David Nuñez, guitarist Tom Pauwels, clarinettist Benjamin Dieltjens, pianist Kim Vandembrempt, recorder Suzanne Fröhlig and sound engineer Yannick Willox formed the nucleus of Black Jackets Ensemble. One characteristic of this ensemble, in the general spirit of BJCo is to be open to local young musicians during tours. The ensemble plays with Belgian musicians Stephane Ginsburgh, Georges van Damme, Igor Semenov and with foreign musician André Ristic
Black Jackets Co- pyright (1996–).
Called Black Jackets Editions since 1998 
In the birth of BJCo, the first common act of the founders is to write articles on their own publication "Les manifestes éthyliques" (Ethylic Manifests). Printed by BJCo-pyright, 50 copies for each specimen in folio in quatro, constitute a collection counted 12 numbers. These manifests were given to the audience during Black Jackets performances, or during shows of friend partners. Their content is very hermetic and strange and, if the "Ethylic Manifests" give the program of the concert, they succeed to give moods and spirit to the program. The manifests idea is to take out of their contexts commonplace conversations, advertising spots, expressions, sentences, etc. The series stops in 1998 with the twelfth number: "Bye, Bye, Richelieu", the only inside the series to be a book (in A4-size, 12 pages) that assume another (wrong) but totally realist story of Cardinal Richelieu. 
Since 1998 another activity of Black Jackets Co-pyright is to publish the music of composers (those who found the Company and those whom the works were created by Black Jackets Ensemble). Nevertheless, in the scores, the copyright always indicated is "Black Jackets Editions".

</doc>
<doc id="21518722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518722" title="Diego Guittierez">
Diego Guittierez

Diego Guittierez is a fictional character from the American soap opera "The Young and the Restless". He was originated by Diego Serrano on December 18, 2001, before being replaced by former model Greg Vaughan in April 2002. Vaughan was let go as well, and the character departed on February 17, 2003.
Casting and creation.
Diego Serrano's casting for the part was announced on October 26, 2001. Serrano was previously known for his portrayal of Tomas Rivera on the NBC Daytime soap opera, "Another World". Diego made his first on-screen appearance during the episode dated December 18, 2001. On March 17, 2002, it was announced that Serrano was to exit the role, and his departure was "storyline dictated". Seven days later, it was announced that former model Greg Vaughan was Serrano's replacement. Vaughan was known for playing Dan Gordon on the serial drama series "Charmed" from 1999–2000. The recasting, according to executive producers, was due to a "new direction" they were taking with the character.
Serrano exited on April 26, 2002 with Vaughan debuting four days later on April 30. In December, it was announced that Vaughan had been let go from "The Young and the Restless". His exit was reportedly due to a "lack of storyline". A spokesperson for the soap opera said "Greg's a fine actor. And we thank him for all the contributions he's made to the show. It was the end of contract and end of storyline". His last airdate was February 17, 2003.
Character development.
When the casting call for the character was issued, Diego was originally named Dante; but Dante was later revealed to be his brother. He was penned as a "gorgeous, Hispanic male" in his mid twenties. He's "genuine and caring" but has learned to "sail through life on his good looks". He was introduced as the brother of another character, Raul Guittierez (David Lago). Candace Havens of Zap2it called Diego "sexy". Vaughan commented that Diego's character has developed and come a long way. He stated "Diego has come a long way. I find him very very passionate about his family and his loved ones." The actor noted Diego to be "selfless and willing" to put his life "on the line to make life better or safer for someone else".
On Vaughan's first episode on the show, Diego slept with Sharon Newman (Sharon Case). Sharon was married to Nick Newman (Joshua Morrow) at the time. Sharon had believed that Nick cheated on her, which he didn't, and she became guilt ridden. Diego "urged" Sharon not to tell Nick about their lovemaking because of the ramifications it could cause where her kids with Nick were concerned. Intrigued by Diego, Nick's sister Victoria (Heather Tom) took an interest in him and they began having a romance of their own. On the night Victoria and Diego told each other they loved one another for the first time, Nick found out about his sleeping with Sharon and beat up Diego. The Newmans began to hate Diego, but Victoria forgave him. Diego was later beaten up by thugs.
Despite the character's duration on the soap having eventually come to a quick close, on what was to be expected from Diego, Vaughan said "I think there is a lot more in store for him, and we may begin to see a bit of a darker side of him. After being pushed around and beaten up, he finally retaliates, and it's something I've been waiting to see from him". After Diego's obsession for revenge over the thugs got out of hand, Victoria dumped him and he left town.
Storylines.
After being absent from his family's lives for a long time, Diego Guittierez came to Genoa City to find out more about his brother Raul's diabetes problems. Raul refused to let Diego help him out when his grades started going down. Diego struggled to get around town at first, but he found help from Larry Warton (David Fralick) in getting an apartment, while married couple Nick and Sharon Newman gave him a job at their coffeehouse and working on the Newman ranch.
Diego regularly found himself comforting Sharon, who was having trouble dealing with her problems. Her marriage to Nick suffered when she lost a baby and caught him kissing another woman, so she wanted something more than just comfort from Diego, but he refused to do anything and said he was only her friend nothing more. However, Diego and Sharon ended up sleeping together, then were left guilty when Nick decided to work on his marriage to Sharon.
Nick's sister Victoria Newman was confused about the friendship between Sharon and Diego, so she decided to pretend to be interested in Diego in order to find out more about the situations. She, however, ended up falling for him and they started a relationship. Just as they were ready to confess their love for each other, Nick found out about Sharon sleeping with Diego and he beat up Diego, then cheated on Sharon again. Victoria broke up with Diego. Diego desperately tried to convince the entire family that the night he spent with Sharon meant nothing to him and that he wasn't the one who initiated it. Victoria believed him and they hooked up again.
Sadly, Victoria's family wouldn't tolerate her being with Diego, so she moved out of the ranch, and the couple moved into a hotel together. Victoria's father Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) tried to pay off Diego to leave town, but he wouldn't accept it. Victor gave Diego money, which was later stolen by two thugs who beat up Diego. Diego recovered from his injuries and was keen on getting revenge for the crime against him, completely ignoring the fact that Victoria wanted to lead a normal life with him. Diego hatched a plot with Larry to get revenge on the thugs and it worked. Victoria was upset over how different Diego had become and they split, causing Diego to leave Genoa City behind.

</doc>
<doc id="21518735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518735" title="Robert Hobart">
Robert Hobart

Sir Robert Henry Hobart, 1st Baronet KCVO, CB (13 September 1836 – 4 August 1928) was a British Liberal Party politician.
Biography.
Hobart was the oldest son of Hon. Henry Lewis Hobart, third son of the 3rd Earl of Buckinghamshire, and Charlotte Selina Moore, daughter of Richard Moore. He was a civil servant in the War Office between 1860 and 1900, and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1885. In October 1901 the Earl Marshal, the Duke of Norfolk, appointed him a Secretary to the Earl Marshal´s office, to work on preparations for the 1902 coronation of King Edward VII. He received the 1902 Coronation medal and was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) for his services.
Hobart was the Official Verderer of the New Forest and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for New Forest from 1906 until 1910.
On 14 July 1914, he was created a Baronet, of Langdown, in the County of Southampton.
Family.
On 13 May 1869, Hobart married Hon. Julia Trollope, oldest daughter of the 1st Baron Kesteven. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his only son Claud.

</doc>
<doc id="21518754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518754" title="Struszia mccartneyi">
Struszia mccartneyi

Struszia mccartneyi is a species of trilobite named after British musician Paul McCartney.

</doc>
<doc id="21518767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518767" title="Marcel Pourchier">
Marcel Pourchier

André Eugène Marcel Pourchier (1 June 1897 – 1 September 1944) was a French military officer whose last rank was Lieutenant-Colonel.
Biography.
Pourchier was born in Beuil. He was a chasseurs alpins soldier and a member of his hometown's winter sports club, which was founded in 1924. As a Lieutenant, he was the leader of the national military patrol team at the 1928 Winter Olympics (demonstration event), which finished last.
In 1930 he designed the first ski jumping hill in Beuil. Because of his expertise, he was made the first commander and captain of the newly founded French mountain warfare school École de Haute Montagne (EHM) in Chamonix in 1932. The school was founded for the special training of the ski reconnaissance platoons, which were founded in 1930. During his time at the EHM, he created new techniques of ski warfare, methods of training, and clothing for mountain warfare. He recruited Pierre Dalloz, an engineer who supported his drawings of detailed alpine maps after 1941. During World War II he was captured by the Germans. He was transferred to the concentration camp Natzweiler-Struthof where he died.
In his hometown, his name is listed on a war memorial and a street is named "Boulevard Marcel Pourchier".

</doc>
<doc id="21518774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518774" title="Polyporus alveolaris">
Polyporus alveolaris

Polyporus alveolaris, commonly known as the hexagonal-pored polypore, is a species of fungus in the genus Polyporus. It causes a white rot of dead hardwoods. Found on sticks and decaying logs, its distinguishing features are its yellowish to orange scaly cap, and the hexagonal or diamond-shaped pores. It is widely distributed in North America, and also found in Asia, Australia, and Europe.
Taxonomy.
The first scientific description of the fungus was published in 1815 by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle, under the name "Merulius alveolaris". A few years later in 1821 it was sanctioned by Elias Magnus Fries as "Cantharellus alveolaris". It was transferred to the genus "Polyporus" in a 1941 publication by Appollinaris Semenovich Bondartsev and Rolf Singer.
The genus name is derived from the Greek meaning "many pores", while the specific epithet "alveolaris" means "with small pits or hollows".
Description.
The fruit bodies of "P. alveolaris" are in diameter, rounded to kidney- or fan-shaped. Fruit bodies sometimes have stems, but they are also found attached directly to the growing surface. The cap surface is dry, covered with silk-like fibrils, and is an orange-yellow or reddish-orange color, which weathers to cream to white. The context is thin (2 mm), tough, and white. Tubes are radially elongates, with the pore walls breaking down in age. The pores are large—compared to other species in this genus—typically 0.5–3 mm wide, angular (diamond-shaped) or hexagonal; the pore surface is a white to buff color. The stipe, if present, is 0.5–2 cm long  by  1.5–5 mm thick, placed either laterally or centrally, and has a white to tan color. The pores extend decurrently on the stipe. The spore deposit is white.
Microscopic features.
Spores are narrowly elliptical and smooth, hyaline, with dimensions of 11–14.5  × 4–5 µm. The basidia are club-shaped and four-spored, with dimensions of 28–42 × 7–9 µm.
Similar species.
"Polyporus craterellus" bears a resemblance to "P. alveolaris", but the former species has a more prominent stalk and does not have the reddish-orange colors observed in the latter.
Edibility.
Opinions are divided on the edibility of this species. One source describes "P. alveolaris" as inedible, while others say "edible but tough".
Habitat and distribution.
"Polyporus alveolaris" is found growing singly or grouped together on branches and twigs of hardwoods, commonly on shagbark hickory in the spring and early summer. It has been reported growing on the dead hardwoods of genera "Acer","Castanea", "Cornus", "Corylus", "Cratageus", "Erica", "Fagus", "Fraxinus", "Juglans", "Magnolia", "Morus", "Populus", "Pyrus", "Robinia", "Quercus", "Syringa, Tilia", and "Ulmus".
This species is widely distributed in North America,
and has also been collected in Australia, China, and Europe (Czechoslovakia, Italy and Portugal).
Antifungal compounds.
A polypeptide with antifungal properties has been isolated from the fresh fruit bodies of this species. Named alveolarin, it inhibits the growth of the species "Botrytis cinerea","Fusarium oxysporum", "Mycosphaerella arachidicola" and "Physalospora piricola".

</doc>
<doc id="21518777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518777" title="Lê Quang Liêm">
Lê Quang Liêm

Lê Quang Liêm (born 13 March 1991) is a Vietnamese chess grandmaster and the 2013 World Blitz Chess Champion. He was the Under-14 World Youth Chess Champion in July 2005. He competed for Vietnam at the Chess Olympiads in 2006, 2008, 2010 and 2012. In particular, his 8/10 score on board 1 at the 2012 Chess Olympiad anchored the Vietnamese men's team to No. 7 in the final standing, the highest ever for Vietnam. Vietnam entered the Olympiad ranked No. 27. As of the January 2012 FIDE rankings, he was the 29th ranked active player in the world. He is currently the number-one ranked player in Vietnam.
Chess career.
2008.
During August–September, he won the 1st Dragon Capital Vietnam chess open with 7/9. 
2009.
In September, he won the 4th Kolkata Open Chess Tournament ahead of 13 higher-rated players.
In December, Le with Vietnamese team won the silver prize at Tata Steel Asian Team Chess Championship in India, behind the host India. His personal performance is +4=1-1.
2010.
In February, Le participated in the Moscow Open tournament in Moscow, Russia. With +5=4 performance, he tied for 1st-4th with Konstantin Chernyshov, Evgeny Bareev and Ernesto Inarkiev .
Immediately after the Moscow open at the same venue, Le won the 9th Aeroflot Open with 7/9 (+5=4), earning him an invitation to the Dortmund Sparkassen Chess Meeting. 
From July 15 through the 25th, he took part in his first elite invitational tournament in Dortmund, in a field consisting of nine-time Dortmund champion and former World Champion Vladimir Kramnik, world No. 6 Shakhriyar Mamedyarov, former FIDE world champion Ruslan Ponomariov, 2004 World Chess Championship challenger Peter Leko, and one-time Dortmund champion Arkadij Naiditsch. Facing Kramnik with the black pieces in the opening round, Le held the former world champion to a draw, and after defeating the eventual winner Ponomariov in round 4, and Leko in round 5, Le finished with five consecutive draws to secure clear second place with 5½/10 (+2=7-1) and a performance rating of 2776.
From August 28 to September 3, he participated in 1st Campomanes Memorial Cup Open in the Philippines. His final score was 7/9 (+5=4), a shared first place with GM Zhao Jun of China. However, GM Le yielded the crown to GM Zhao via tiebreak score.
From 20 September to 4 October at Khanty-Mansik, Russia, Le with the other Vietnamese players took part in 39th World Team Championship. Sitting at table 1, Le played poorly with +2=7-2.
2011.
From February 7 to February 18, he once again participated in Aeroflot Open and successfully defended the title. His score was 6½/9, a shared first place with GM Nikita Vitiugov and GM Evgeny Tomashevsky. He is the only player to have won Aeroflot Open twice. His win automatically qualifies him for a return invitation to the Dortmund Invitational, where he competed in a field that included Vladimir Kramnik, Hikaru Nakamura, and Ruslan Ponomariov among others.
From May 10 to May 21, he was invited to play in the Elite Group of Capablanca Memorial Tournament, a very strong field of players (FIDE category 19) including reigning champion GM Vassily Ivanchuk, Latin-America's number one GM Leinier Domínguez, Czech Republic's number one GM David Navara, GM Lázaro Bruzón of Cuba and GM Dmitry Andreikin of Russia. After the final round defeat to Ivanchuk, his score was 6½/10, a shared first place but ranked second after GM Ivanchuk via tiebreak score.
2012.
From October 12 to October 21, he once again participated in the 2012 SPICE Cup, starting in August 2013.
2013.
From March 19 to March 24, he once again participated in the 2013 HD Bank Cup Open, the highest rated international invitational tournament in Vietnam, including Ferenc Berkes (Elo 2702), Yu Yangyi (Elo 2696), Nguyen Ngoc Truong Son (Elo 2647), Zhou Jianchao (Elo 2595) and other foreign chess players. He was undefeated with six wins, three draws, scoring 7½/9 and tying for 1st in the final standings.
From May 16 to May 26, he participated in the 2013 Asian Continental Chess Championships was held in Philippines. He finished at 4th with 6½/9 in the classical part and tied for 1st in the blitz part with 8½/9.
From June 6 to June 8, he took part in the 2013 World Rapid Chess Championship, held in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia. He finished 4th, with 10/15, behind Mamedyarov (11½/15), Nepomniachtchi (11/15) and Grischuk (10½/15). After that he participated in World Blitz Chess Championship, which he won, scoring 20½/30. 
2014.
From June 15 to June 20 Le participated in the 2014 World Rapid and Blitz Championship in Dubai, UAE as the defending champion in blitz. At blitz Liem finished fourth with +12=4-5, behind the new champion Magnus Carlsen, Ian Nepomniachtchi and Hikaru Nakamura. At rapid Liem finished 19th with +7=4-4. 

</doc>
<doc id="21518793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518793" title="25 Fontes Falls">
25 Fontes Falls

The 25 Fontes ("25 Springs" in English) is a group of waterfalls located in Serrado, Ribeira da Janela, near the town of Porto Moniz in the Madeira Islands.
The waterfall is 30m high, consisting of a group of different water streams coming vertically down the mountainside. At its foot there are rocks covered in small plants and a small natural pool.
It is involved in the primitive forest Laurisilva of Madeira, in the Macaronesia archipelago in the North Atlantic Ocean. The forest in this location consists of large quantities of bay trees.

</doc>
<doc id="21518794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518794" title="Caulanthus major">
Caulanthus major

Caulanthus major is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name slender wild cabbage. It is native to the Great Basin and surrounding regions of the United States, where it grows on dry mountain slopes and similar habitat. 
It is a perennial herb growing an erect, hollow stem from a woody caudex. It is most similar to its relative, "Caulanthus crassicaulis". Leaves appear in a basal rosette about the stem and along the body of the stem, and are smooth, toothed, or deeply cut along the edges. The largest leaves are lowest on the stem and may reach 9 centimeters long. The flower is enclosed in thick, sometimes hairy sepals which are very dark in color when new, usually a deep purple. The petals emerging from the tip are narrow and dark-veined. The fruit is a thin silique up to 13 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21518805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518805" title="Nuvoton">
Nuvoton

Nuvoton Technology Corporation () is a Taiwan-based semiconductor company established in 2008. It spun off from Winbond Electronics Corp. as a wholly owned subsidiary.
Overview.
Nuvoton's main product lines are Microcontroller Application IC, Audio Application IC, Cloud & Computing IC, and foundry service. Its consumer electronics ICs focus mainly on microcontroller ICs and voice and speech ICs. Its ARM Cortex-M0 microcontroller IC NuMicro Family is well known for its density and functionality. Its computer IC product line designs and manufactures the key chips for PC motherboards, notebook computers and servers, offering complete Super I/O solutions, clock generators, hardware monitoring IC, power management IC, TPM security IC, notebook keyboard controller, and mobile platform embedded control (EC).
Nuvoton operates a six-inch wafer fab which provides foundry service for the company's own branded IC products, as well as for selected manufacturing partners.

</doc>
<doc id="21518810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518810" title="John Meagher Memorial Chase">
John Meagher Memorial Chase

The John Meagher Memorial Chase is a Listed National Hunt chase in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Thurles over a distance of about 2 miles and 6 furlongs (4,426 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in early November.
The event was formerly a handicap, and was called the Thurles Handicap Chase. It became a conditions race in 2004, and it was given Listed status in 2009 at which point the race was renamed the Thurles Chase. It took its present title in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21518813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518813" title="Lok Biradari Prakalp">
Lok Biradari Prakalp

Lok Biradari Prakalp (LBP) (Marathi; Brotherhood of People project) is a social project of the "Maharogi Sewa Samiti", Warora involving a hospital, a school and an animal orphanage. It was started on 23 December 1973, by the social worker Baba Amte for integrated development of Madia Gond. It is situated at Hemalkasa, Taluka Bhamragad in Gadchiroli District of Maharashtra, India. 
Dr. Prakash Amte and his wife Dr. Mandakini Amte, who serve as the Medical Director and Medical Officer at the project respectively, were awarded the 2008 Ramon Magsaysay Award for Community Leadership.
Davakhana.
Davakhana means clinic in Marathi. In this particular project primary health care has been given top priority. Six sub centres were started in the interior forest area, geographically wide apart from the main hospital, of which three are still functional. 
The early years of the project entailed a massive struggle in the extremely difficult conditions of a thick and remote forest. The centre, started in 1973, has recently developed into a full fledged hospital having 40 beds and caters to over 45,000 patients annually. At Hemalkasa the hospital is ensconced in the surrounding dense forest, where the Madia Gond tribal patients feel most comfortable in recuperating after their treatment. Hundreds of patients come daily to the hospital traversing long and difficult terrain sometimes on foot.
Ashram Shala.
An ashram shala or a residential school was started in 1976 for the tribal children now having classes from 1st to 12th Standard, giving free education to over 600 students. They are provided with free lodging and boarding facilities. All education material is also provided free of cost to them. Apart from formal education, they are also provided vocational training and guidance, which will be useful in their day to day life. e.g.- practical training in farming, seed production, dairy, bamboo craft, ceramic art, greeting cards, tailoring, health education etc. These programmes are aimed at the survival of the tribals to bring about awareness of social rights and duties through continued dialogue and social exposure.
43 students of the school appeared for the 2007-2008 Secondary School Certificate Examination, held by the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, 36 students passed a pass percentage of 83.72%, in comparison the state passing percentage was 86.33%.
40 students of the school appeared for the 2007-2008 Higher Secondary School Certificate Examination, held by the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, 37 students passed a pass percentage of 92.50%, in comparison the state passing percentage was 87.39%.
Amte's Animal Orphanage.
A small sheltered enclosure has been formed at Hemalkasa to keep orphaned babies of wild animals, thereby protecting them from being killed for food. The Hemalkasa community of workers live in complete harmony with a great diversity of wild animals still to be found in this relatively undisturbed, thick forest. Amte’s Animal Ark – Orphanage cum Rescue Center at Hemalkasa includes leopards, bears, snakes, deer, wild boars, crocodiles, lion etc.
Negal I and Negal II are books based upon real stories of leopards that grew here. Authored by Vilas Balkrishna Manohar, volunteer with the Lok Biradari Prakalp, the books describe his experience living with wild animals including big cats. He also written two more books, Eka Nakshalwadya Cha Janma, and Nari Bhakshak.

</doc>
<doc id="21518827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518827" title="Trachydora musaea">
Trachydora musaea

Trachydora musaea is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518830" title="Strane">
Strane

Strane () is a small village below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross and belongs to the Parish of Ubeljsko.

</doc>
<doc id="21518844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518844" title="Caulanthus pilosus">
Caulanthus pilosus

Caulanthus pilosus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names hairy wild cabbage and chocolate drops. It is native to open, dry habitat in the Great Basin and surrounding regions of the United States. It is an annual or occasionally perennial herb coated in thin hairs. 
Description.
"Caulanthus pilosus" may produce many stems per plant. The leaves are oblong in shape and deeply cut into lobes, hairy, and up to 25 centimeters long. Leaves toward the top of the stem are reduced in size, sometimes linear and smooth-edged, lacking lobes. The flower is covered in thick sepals which are greenish purple to deep purple or chocolate brown, splitting to reveal the wavy-edged, light-colored petals inside. The fruit is a long, narrow silique which may approach 18 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="21518861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518861" title="Denis Mujkić">
Denis Mujkić

Denis Mujkić (born September 2, 1983 in Tuzla) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who is currently a Free Agent.
Career.
His football career began with the local FK Budućnost of Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. 2005 he join in the NK Jedinstvo Bihać and plays in three seasong. 2008 he currently play for Sloboda Tuzla in Premijer Liga. 2012 in summer he moved to Serbia and join to FK Novi Pazar. He is also a member of Bosnian national team.

</doc>
<doc id="21518884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518884" title="Trachydora pygaea">
Trachydora pygaea

Trachydora pygaea is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518916" title="Macrobathra chrysotoxa">
Macrobathra chrysotoxa

Macrobathra chrysotoxa is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518923" title="Human Dimension Implementation Meeting">
Human Dimension Implementation Meeting

The Human Dimension Implementation Meeting is a human rights and democracy conference held by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) on an annual basis in Warsaw (Poland).
The two-week conference is attended by some 1000 government representatives, international experts, non-governmental organizations, and human rights activists. Organized every autumn by the Warsaw-based OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), the meeting is considered to be Europe's largest human rights conference.
The Human Dimension Implementation Meeting (HDIM) was established in the early 1990s to create a forum for participating States of the OSCE to discuss the implementation of the "human dimension" commitments they have adopted by consensus at prior Summits and Ministerial Meetings. In OSCE parlance, the term "human dimension" describes the set of norms and activities
related to human rights, the rule of law, and democracy that are regarded within the OSCE
as one of the three pillars of its comprehensive security concept, along with the politico-military
and the economic and environmental dimensions.
One of the distinct features setting the HDIM apart from other high-level human rights conferences is its openness to the participation of non-governmental organizations (NGOs). NGOs can participate in the conference on an equal footing with government representatives. For NGOs from states where civil society is weak and constrained, the HDIM can be one of the few opportunities they have to make their voices heard before an international audience.
The plenary sessions of the conference are supposed to review the progress made over the past year by participating States and remaining shortcomings with respect to realizing their human dimension commitments.
The agenda is set by the OSCE's Permanent Council. Regular sessions cover the full range of OSCE commitments related to human rights and democracy. Three days are reserved for more in-depth discussions of three different topics selected by the Permanent Council every year.
On the sidelines of the HDIM, dozens of side events are organized by participating delegations and NGOs.

</doc>
<doc id="21518939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518939" title="Strmca, Postojna">
Strmca, Postojna

Strmca (; ) is a small village west of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Strmica" to "Strmca" in 1994. 
Church.
The local church northwest of the settlement is dedicated to Our Lady of the Snows and belongs to the Parish of Studeno.

</doc>
<doc id="21518940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518940" title="Macrobathra desmotoma">
Macrobathra desmotoma

Macrobathra desmotoma is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518959" title="Macrobathra heminephela">
Macrobathra heminephela

Macrobathra heminephela is a species of moth of the Cosmopterigidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21518962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21518962" title="List of Christian creeds">
List of Christian creeds

Christianity has through Church history produced a number of Christian creeds, confessions and statements of faith. The following lists are provided.
In many cases, individual churches will address further doctrinal questions in a set of bylaws[http://www.gotquestions.org/church-by-laws.html]. Smaller churches see this as a formality, while churches of a larger size build this to be a large document describing the practical functioning of the church.
Creeds of Smaller Denominations.
Amish.
The denomination holds the New Testament as its only creed.
Creeds of Historical Denominations.
These are no longer active denominations but played a role in history.

</doc>
<doc id="21519010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519010" title="Studenec, Postojna">
Studenec, Postojna

Studenec (; ) is a village west of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Barbara and belongs to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21519040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519040" title="Rex Sterling">
Rex Sterling

Rex Sterling (born Brian Romalotti) is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". He was portrayed by Quinn Redeker from July 1987 to the character's death onscreen in December 1994. A year prior his on-screen death, Redeker was vocal in his lack of screen time. The character and actor's exit left a large hole, with his co-star Jeanne Cooper (who played his widow Katherine Chancellor) stating: "When Rex died, I didn't want to go onto my set for two months. I was depressed for two months after he died." Redeker later reprised the role on April 23, 2004 when he reappeared as a ghost to Katherine.
Casting.
Quin Redeker signed on to portray Rex on "The Young and the Restless" just before departing his role of Alex Marshall on another Sony Pictures soap opera "Days of our Lives", where he last aired on July 23, 1987. Although, he was no stranger to the show, having previously portrayed Nick Reed, the abusive father of long-running character Nikki Reed (Melody Thomas Scott), for five weeks in 1979.
Characterization.
Rex evolved into a wealthy businessman.
Storylines.
When Jill Foster Abbott (Jess Walton) found Rex Sterling on a park bench and paid him to seduce her enemy Katherine Chancellor (Jeanne Cooper), she had no idea that his real name was Brian Romalotti. He was the father of Danny Romalotti (Michael Damian) and Gina Roma (Patty Weaver), a con man that did time for the crimes he had committed with his wife. Rex did his job wonderfully and his relationship to Katherine suddenly turned into a romance. Kay found out the truth about Jill's job, but she didn't care. Rex even decided to sign a pre-nuptial agreement to prove to Kay that she should trust him.
Rex was stunned when Kay suddenly started to act strange and he couldn't take it anymore, so he decided to move out and move in with Jill, who then tried to make him divorce Kay and marry her. Rex had no idea that Kay was actually Marge Cotrooke (Jeanne Cooper), Kay's look-alike hired by his former cellmate Clint Radison (James Michael Gregary) to take over Kay's identity. During her tenure as Kay, Marge sold Chancellor industries and Clint was able to control Kay's assets, but not for long. Kay's son Brock and lawyer Mitchell were able to get rid of Clint in time.
Rex married Jill during Katherine's absence, but Kay was able to prove that their marriage wasn't legal because Marge had signed the divorce papers, not her. Rex and Jill were, however, apparently in love, so Kay decided to respect that. Jill found her way back into the arms of her former husband John Abbott (Jerry Douglas), while Rex got interested in Leanna Love (Barbara Crampton). Kay found out about their affair and revealed everything in a party she held. Rex and Kay eventually remarried while Rex was pretending to be dying from a heart attack. Their lives were perfect at that moment.
However, things changed when Kay's maid Esther Valentine (Kate Linder) started dating Norman Peterson (Mark Haining) and had no idea he was a con man. Kay and Rex agreed to go along with Esther's plan to pretend to be the owner of the mansion to impress Norman. Norman eventually found out and asked Esther to convince Kay to include her in her will. Rex and Kay found it strange when Norman proposed marriage to Esther, so they faked a wedding. Norman wasn't satisfied and he broke into the house safe only to be caught by Rex. In order to cover his tracks, Norman shot Rex to death.
In 2004, when Kay started drinking again, apparitions of Rex and Phillip Chancellor III (Thom Bierdz) appeared before her and encouraged her to stop drinking. In 2011, Rex became a great-grandfather when his grandson Daniel (son of Danny Romanlotti) had a daughter named Lucy via Daisy Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="21519066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519066" title="St. Nicholas' Park, Warwick">
St. Nicholas' Park, Warwick

St. Nicholas' Park, commonly known as ""St. Nick's"", is a park is situated in the centre of Warwick, England. Bordering the park to the south is the River Avon.
History.
The area which is now the park was once meadow land, also called St. Nicholas Meadow, and was situated on the southern edge of the town. The site was purchased by Warwick Borough Council in the 1930s in response to the towns growth with formal and children's gardens being laid out. Following World War II the eastern side of the meadow was laid out as playing fields. There was also an outdoor swimming pool for public use. The cottages in the park by the brook were at that time a watermill.
The Current Park.
The outdoor swimming pool has now been replaced by an indoor leisure centre. As well as the pool there is a sports hall and outdoor astroturf pitches. The children's corner now has small fairground rides and a mini golf course as well as an outdoor swimming pool. There is an outdoor play area and the formal gardens and the sports pitches remain. There is a small pagoda in the formal gardens which is a popular daytime meeting place for local schoolchildren. A British Military Fitness group meet in the park on a regular basis and there is a sea scout hut in the park The ""Friends of St Nicholas Park"" are a group of individuals who are interested in the park and look to improve and maintain it. The current park is approximately 40 acres in size.
Over the river is an open grass area called ""Myton Fields"" which is used both as an overflow car park for St Nicholas and a park in its own right. There are also the ""Kingfisher Pools"" where fishing and angling can take place.

</doc>
<doc id="21519075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519075" title="Ardozyga mesochra">
Ardozyga mesochra

Ardozyga mesochra is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Queensland. 
The wingspan is about 10 mm 

</doc>
<doc id="21519127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519127" title="Stickies">
Stickies

Stickies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21519175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519175" title="Ceratoperidinium yeye">
Ceratoperidinium yeye

Ceratoperidinium yeye is a species of dinoflagellate. This protist has two flagella suggesting the legs of a girl dancing and its scientific name refers the to the 1960s yé-yé pop music and dance that was typically performed by female artists.

</doc>
<doc id="21519176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519176" title="Anarsia molybdota">
Anarsia molybdota

Anarsia molybdota is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21519182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519182" title="Bow Creek Ecology Park">
Bow Creek Ecology Park

Bow Creek Ecology Park is a small open space along Bow Creek in Newham, in eastern London. It is operated by the regional Lee Valley Park system.
Description.
Bow Creek Ecology Park is a small park running alongside and underneath the Docklands Light Railway near Canning Town Station. The Bow Creek reach of the lower River Lea is a tidal estuary here in Lower Lea Valley.
The park features small streams and ponds, an outdoor classroom, footpaths, observation points, and seating. It is an important resource for local education.
History.
The park was created by the London Docklands Development Corporation (LDDC) in 1994, after a survey identified rare and unusual plant species in the area, some presumed carried in by shipping, such as Hairy Buttercup ("Ranunculus sardous"), Walthamstow Cress, and Unreel’s Wormwood.
The Park has won a Green Flag Award for the fourth year in 2010, and was also nominated for the UK Landscape Award 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21519293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519293" title="Saturnalia (PBM)">
Saturnalia (PBM)

Saturnalia was one of the first single-character sword and sorcery fantasy Play-by-Mail role-playing games run in the United Kingdom. The game started in 1984, being created by Neil Packer and Simon Letts and grew from its initial players at the University of Southampton up to over three thousand scattered across the United Kingdom and beyond. A company, "Sloth Enterprises" was formed, with many full-time GMs running "Saturnalia" from offices above a tyre/brakes/exhaust garage in the red-light district of Southampton.
In time, the company gradually faded away, with several former players taking on the role of GM to run either existing campaigns or to open up new areas. Most of these successors ran through the early 2000s (decade), and the Harlequin Games Exile campaign in the Southern Isles remains active.
The game was named for the Roman festival of Saturnalia, in that making the game, forming the rules and applying for the Enterprise Allowance Scheme, was total chaos. The word "Saturnalia" was one which turned up under the entry for "Chaos" in a thesaurus. Players took on the roles of adventurers. The game started on two sets of islands off the North and South coast of the continent, "Erythria". This was named for no reason better than it sounded good. The Northern Isles included Faldeheim, Jorleheim and Tafkhim. The Southern Isles were Alagas, Krang and Ghan.
Importance.
Saturnalia was one of the first and certainly one of the largest PBM games run in the United Kingdom. It inspired numerous other games and was important in the initiation of game pub-meets. The game has, in various forms, remained in existence for since 1984.
Whilst there is no direct link between "Saturnalia" and online role-playing games, PBM games were their early forerunners. If it were not for PBM games showing the way, there would be no online role-playing games.
Game Mechanics.
Campaign Regions.
The campaign regions of "Erythria" have included:
At one time in the late 1980s the campaign regions were designated by colour:
Character Statistics.
Characters were defined by the following statistics:
On initial start-up in the game, a player had 250 points to allocate between these statistics, with none given less than twenty points and none more than a hundred.
Each turn, the Games Master would award the player bonus points to be allocated between these statistics. Points could also be lost (in most games) by injury or by using "MP" to cast magical spells. Bonus points would be awarded depending on how well a character performed during a turn, but also on how well the player wrote the instructions. This could be entirely subjective and at the whim of the GM.
A character would begin as a very lowly adventurer, gaining in ability as points were added to their statistics. Their actions in the game would result in gaining renown as "Fame" and "Infamy"; the former would be awarded for positive actions and the latter for negative actions. These defined the character as Good or Evil, with an accumulation of major good or evil acts required to gain a double figure "Fame" or "Infamy". This was the "Saturnalia" equivalent of Dungeons & Dragons Alignment.
To prevent character death resulting in the loss of a player, "Saturnalia" included a "Karma" system so that in the unfortunate event of a character dying, the player could create a new character using the standard number of points, plus a bonus derived from their dead character's points, "Fame" and "Infamy". This meant that the paying player did not lose their entire investment in playing the game. Saturnalia was the first single character RPG and the Karma system was a way of ensuring that players who lost their character did not lose everything they had invested.
Setting.
The game was set on and around "Erythria", a massive continent approximately two thousand miles east-west and four thousand north-south, plus the island chains to the north and south. Different regions of the continent and surrounding islands were divided between different Games Masters, with geographical features separating the various regions. This permitted Saturnalia to become one of the earliest shared world building fantasy campaigns utilising a common framework of in-game religions and early history, whilst permitting the different regions to co-exist with minimal cross-campaign interference. Player characters could, under exceptional circumstances move from one campaign region to another, but only with great persistence and luck, or with the agreement of the relevant Games Masters.
Geography.
The major geographical features of "Erythria" included:
History.
The recorded history of Erthyria begins with the invasion of the Northmen of the Northern Isles, with their greatest leader being "Erik the Forger". Their tide of conquest swept over the continent, clashing with the native tribes and defeating the nomads of the Great Plains, breaking the power of the Ocean King, the overlord of the tribes of the sea of grass. Reaching the Great Divide, the Northmen extended their conquest by sea, ultimately dominating the entire continent and uniting it under the rule of the Empire. In the far south the Northmen conquered the civilised "Sahmen" worshipping Mordish, driving them to the southern coast of Erythyria and across the ocean to the Southern Isles.
"Erik" and his descendants were so pivotal to the history of "Erythria" that his name was used in the dating system: AE, "After Erik".
In time the Empire fragmented, and the resurgent nomads broke many of the successor states dotted across the Northern Plains, until all that remained were isolated city states, mostly on the coast. In the south the Empire endured until it too was smashed by wars with the desert nomads.
After the fall of the Empire in the north, for a time the banner of the Ocean King was uncontested, but after leaving the inland cities as ruins his domain dissolved into many different tribes, awaiting the raising of his standard again. The remaining cities dwindled into fractious city-states, often pursuing religious conflicts between themselves.
Campaign Dating.
The game dating system was derived from AE 901 in 1984, and incremented annually, so 2009 relates to AE 925.
Common Themes.
One of the common themes shared by the different regional campaigns was the quest for the fourteen swords of power, each dedicated to a deity of the "Saturnalia" game world. 
These swords had been created by dwarven master runesmiths during the second century of the expansion of "Erik's" Empire. The swords served as the motive for quests and struggles between the player character heroes attempting to become a champion of one of the gods. Other, less powerful magical weapons appeared across the campaigns.
Currency.
All of the "Saturnalia" games used a common currency. The whole currency system was based around the crucial facts that:
Pantheon.
The Saturnalia campaigns shared a common pantheon:

</doc>
<doc id="21519310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519310" title="Orthoptila abruptella">
Orthoptila abruptella

Orthoptila abruptella is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21519342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519342" title="Enrico Silvestri">
Enrico Silvestri

Enrico Silvestri (b. May 12, 1896 – d. 1977) was an Italian Alpini officer and skier.
Silvestri, born in Turin, was the leader of the military patrol team, which placed 4th at the 1928 Winter Olympics. In 1934 he was transferred to the new founded mountain warfare school of the Italian Army called "Scuola Militare di Alpinismo" (today: Centro Addestramento Alpino). At the Trofeo Mezzalama in 1935 he and his team colleagues Carlo Ronc and Attilio Chenoz finished first. In the rank of a capitano he led again the military patrol team at the 1936 Winter Olympics, which won the gold medal.
In the end of World War II, tenente colonnello Silvestri joined the Italian resistance movement and served in the partisan Division Garibaldi, from the middle of January 1944 to the end of 1944 in the 6th S.A.P. brigade, and from January until July 7, 1945 in the 19th Garibaldi brigade "Eusebio Giambone".

</doc>
<doc id="21519385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519385" title="Khortha">
Khortha

Khortha is a village in Gorakhpur district in Uttar Pradesh, India, populated mostly by Nishads. It is 16 km from Gorakhpur city. Besides Nishads there are Yadavs, Harijans and other castes, although in small numbers.
This village boasts the highest number of pucca Houses and is one of the most prosperous villages in Gorakhpur. It comes under Kauriram election block. The nearest police station is Khajni. It has its own post office under the aegis of Bhawapar post office.
Most of the people staying here are farmers who go to Mumbai during the off season for jobs. The literacy rate is low but a few educated individuals have risen to great heights and inspired others to do the same.

</doc>
<doc id="21519414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519414" title="Studeno, Postojna">
Studeno, Postojna

Studeno ( or ) is a village in the hills north of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint James and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21519431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519431" title="Stegasta variana">
Stegasta variana

Stegasta variana is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Queensland.
The wingspan is about 10 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="21519433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519433" title="Damnation Festival">
Damnation Festival

The Damnation Festival is a one day music festival currently held annually at Leeds University, Leeds, England, and organised by Gavin McInally. The 2012 edition of the festival will be held on 3 November. The festival was originally held at Jilly's Rockworld in Manchester.
Damnation 2005.
The first Damnation Festival was held on 16 October 2005 at Jillys Rockworld, Manchester, England. There were fifteen bands over two stages, headlined by Raging Speedhorn and Entombed. Tickets for the inaugural festival were priced at £13.
Damnation 2006.
The second annual Damnation Festival was held on 15 October 2006 at Jillys Rockworld, Manchester, England. There were fourteen bands over two stages, headlined by The Haunted and Akercocke. Tickets for the festival were priced at £15.
Damnation 2007.
The third annual Damnation Festival was held on 20 October 2007 and saw the festival move to a new venue at Leeds Metropolitan University, Leeds, England. There were eighteen bands over two stages, headlined by Kreator and Anaal Nathrakh. Tickets for the festival were priced at £22.
Damnation 2008.
The fourth annual Damnation Festival was held on 22 November 2008 and saw the festival move to another new venue at University of Leeds, Leeds, England. The change of venues allowed the festival to expand to three stages incorporating seventeen bands with headliners Carcass, Cathedral and Pitchshifter. Tickets for the festival were priced at £29.
British band Raging Speedhorn were initially booked to play the festival in what would be their last ever show, however they later canceled to take on a more lucrative final tour in Japan. Carcass would make this show their only UK show on their comeback tour.
Damnation 2009.
The fifth annual Damnation Festival was held on 24 October 2009 at University of Leeds, Leeds, England. The organizers have announced the festival would again cover three stages but open doors earlier to allow for more bands and less clashes across the stages. Headline acts for 2009 were Life of Agony, Lock Up and Jesu.
Life of Agony's headline slot was their only UK appearance in 2009.
This appearance was Mistress's last ever show and Rotting Christ's only English show for 2009.
Negura Bunget and Extreme Noise Terror were originally booked to play the Terrorizer stage but both had to pull out. Negura Bunget played a make up set in May 2010 at sister festival Deathfest.
On 3 June Entombed were announced on the festival line up. On 23 June the bands management issued a statement announcing that the band would not appear at the festival.
Damnation 2010.
The sixth annual Damnation Festival was held on 6 November 2010 at University of Leeds, Leeds, England. Again the festival covered three stages. The Dillinger Escape Plan and Paradise Lost co-headlined the Jägermeister Stage, whilst Discharge headlined the Terrorizer stage and Alcest the Rock Sound Stage. Early bird ticket prices were £19 and full price tickets £27.
Damnation 2011.
The seventh annual Damnation Festival was held on 5 November 2011 at University of Leeds, Leeds, England. Again the festival covered three stages, with headliners Devin Townsend Project, Ulver and God is an Astronaut.
Early bird tickets went on sale in December 2010 for £19.50 and full price tickets £29. Decapitated were forced to pull out after surviving a plane crash. Returning from their US tour, the plane was forced to make a landing with no landing gear in their native Poland.
Damnation 2012.
The Eighth annual Damnation Festival was held across three stages at the University of Leeds student union, Leeds, England, on Saturday 3 November.
Damnation 2013.
The ninth annual Damnation Festival was held across three stages at the University of Leeds student union, Leeds, England, on Saturday 2 November. The event will be headlined by Carcass in their only UK headlining show of 2013 following the release of their new album.

</doc>
<doc id="21519455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519455" title="Ricoh Caplio 500SE">
Ricoh Caplio 500SE

The Ricoh 500SE digital compact camera is suitable for outdoor photography and networkability. Capability includes external information such as GPS position or barcode numbers within the image headers. External vendors sell hardware and software for workflows involving GPS positioning or barcode scanning. Most NMEA compliant bluetooth GPS receivers can be used with this camera through its built in bluetooth communication capability. The body is resistant to dust and water, making it robust for many environments.
Models.
Ricoh Caplio 500SE — GPS and Compass.
The 500SE GPS-Camera is available with integrated GPS device and integrated digital compass. Besides the coordinates, the camera can capture the direction from which the photo is taken. External software can place the photos on digital maps, Geographical Information Systems or Google Earth.
The camera can store all relevant information of the capture in one file, producing a geocoded photograph. Adding text-memos allows organizing the pictures not only by location and time, but also by name, before uploading.
Google Earth integration.
As with other geocoded photographs, Google Earth can read the GPS-Information from the Exif header of the images and display pictures at the position they were taken. Even GPS-Tracks can be displayed, showing the route on which the pictures were taken.
GIS integration.
The pictures can also be used in combination with GIS users. This might be the most common use of the Ricoh Caplio 500SE with GPS and Compass.
Application include fields of object and status quo documentation. Geotagged photos including the direction in which the photo was taken can be useful:
Ricoh Caplio 500SE — Barcode Scanner.
Since 2008, the RICOH Caplio 500SE is available with an integrated Barcode scanner. It is commonly used in transport and logistic industries to identify and capture condition and integrity of goods and containers through their Barcodes. The camera automatically writes the scanned barcode information into the Exif header of the photo. If you wish you can show the barcode information as an imprint in the photo. The Ricoh 500SE-W can connect your camera through its W-LAN connection directly with servers and so sent the photos from where you are.
Special Features.
Barcode-Scanner
External Devices.
The camera's exceptional communication features, as it is Bluetooth enabled and able to communicate with diverse Bluetooth GPS-devices.
External GPS-Receiver.
Several GPS receivers are compatible with the RICOH Caplio 500SE. These devices deliver different accuracies, belong to various price levels and are available from different distributors.
Non differential GPS devices.
Non differential GPS devices have a significantly lower price than differential ones and deliver an accuracy of 2 to 10 m. They are used in car navigation devices and outdoor GPS receivers like the Garmin eTrex or the Fortuna Slim GPS.
The precondition for any connection to the GPS device is that the GPS device is capable of sending NMEA data via Bluetooth and that it takes the slave role in the communication process with the camera. The camera will always take the master role.
Recommended is the Fortuna Slim GPS. It uses a SiRFIII chip and therefore provides a very good reception quality. It is also very small (1/3 the size of a cigarette box) and fits in any pocket.
Professional GPS devices.
Professional, differential GPS devices come from the surveying sector and are significantly more expensive than non-differential ones. Due to additional correction signals they can reach accuracies in the range of centimeters. The same Bluetooth preconditions apply as with non differential receivers. 
The mobile, Bluetooth enabled GPS device MobileMapper CE from Thales provides submeter GPS positions. Because of the open platform of MicrosoftWindows CE.NET MobileMapper CE supports any standard GIS application on CE basis.
Equally successfully tested were Bluetooth enabled devices from Trimble Navigation. The handheld Trimble GeoXH and the GPS receiver GPS Pathfinder ProXH deliver GPS coordinates in submeter range.

</doc>
<doc id="21519604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519604" title="Satoshi Yamazaki">
Satoshi Yamazaki


</doc>
<doc id="21519627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519627" title="Andrew Hart (athlete)">
Andrew Hart (athlete)

Andrew Hart, also referred to as Andy Hart (born 13 September 1969) is a retired English middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres. His personal best time was 1:45.71 minutes, achieved when he placed fifth at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, his most prestigious championship achievement. He also competed at the Olympic Games once, in 2000.
Personal life.
Hart is a physical education teacher by occupation. He taught at Cirencester Kingshill School in England from mid-1998 to July 2006 before moving to teach in Australia the following month. He and his wife have two sons, born in July 2006 and November 2009. 
Currently, Hart is a physical education teacher at The Crypt School in Gloucester. He coached middle distance at caufield grammar and later scotch college, before returning to England in 2010 to be with his family. He was educated at Campion High School Royal Leamington Spa England. Hart is secretly training to try to beat the veterans' world record for 800 m at 1.51; he is currently way down at 1.59. although no one thinks he'll achieve it.
He is now working at the Crypt School in the Physical Education Department as well as personal education. 
On May 23 2012 Hart was an Olympic torch-bearer in the Gloucestershire town of Painswick.

</doc>
<doc id="21519675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519675" title="Ya Viene el Sol">
Ya Viene el Sol

Ya Viene el Sol ("The sun is coming") is the third album recorded by Spanish synthpop band Mecano, in 1984. The album was the beginning of a more sophisticated and mature band. It included new sounds in the band's music, using the sampler/workstation Fairlight CMI. After this album the band assumed the production of their records from the start. This album includes the only song that Ana Torroja wrote with the band. The importance of the songs written by José María Cano and the fact that for the first time one of his songs was released as a single - and became the biggest hit of the summer - kept the band together, since at this point he was considering leaving the band.
About the singles.
The first single was "Japón" (Japan). It was composed by Nacho Cano and was very modern for its time. The use of the Fairlight CMI on the production of the track included the use of percussion and industrial sounds. The theme of the song is the hyper-industralization of Japan and its life. 
The second single was "Busco Algo Barato" (Looking for Something Cheap), composed by Nacho Cano. The B-side for this song later became one of the most important songs by Mecano and of the 'Rock en Tu Idioma' (Rock in Your Language) movement. "Aire" (Air) originally was proposed as a single but CBS declined the proposal. This did not stop the song from becoming a single in South America. The song was edited and released as a single in Venezuela and Colombia. This song helped the band become recognized as a mature band that could do more profound songs.
The third single was "No pintamos nada" (We Don't Paint Anything), a techno-pop sound composed by Nacho Cano. The song is based on the Cold War and the lack of voice and vote of the common people when they try to cast an opinion about global politics. The B-side was a non-album track called "La Extraña Posición" (The Strange Position). It narrates the story of a love triangle that ends in a crime of passion.
The fourth single was "Hawaii-Bombay". It was the first A-side song composed by José Cano to be released. The B-side was "El mapa de tu corazón" (The Map of Your Heart). "Hawaii-Bombay" was selected in Spain as the hit of the summer, for the tremendous success it had on all the radio stations in the country. It was recorded seven years later in English but was never released due to the band's hiatus.
The fifth single was "Ya viene el sol" (Here Comes the Sun). It was a non-official single release in Mexico and the rest of Latin America, that had a moderate success.
The track "Me no parle vous français" (I Don't Speak French) was recorded as a demo for the album but was discarded later in the recording session; it subsequently became "Abracadabra", a song by Alaska used as soundtrack for the TV show "La Bola de Cristal" (The Crystal Ball).

</doc>
<doc id="21519678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519678" title="Caleta celebensis">
Caleta celebensis

Caleta celebensis is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Southeastern Sulawesi.

</doc>
<doc id="21519708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519708" title="Language Creation Society">
Language Creation Society

The Language Creation Society (LCS) is a non-profit organization formed to promote constructed languages (conlangs), support makers of constructed languages (conlangers), and inform the general public about conlangs and the conlanger community. The LCS also acts as an intermediary for creative people seeking conlangs for use in creative works (in any media) and for conlangers seeking professional work.
Mission.
The LCS seeks "to promote conlangs and conlanging through offering platforms for conlangers to publish high-quality work of interest to the community, raising awareness about conlanging amongst the general public, organizing work for professional conlangers and people in the entertainment industry interested in adding more depth to their alternative worlds, and providing a central place for reliable contacts and information to those seeking to learn more."
Professional services.
A client's request describing their needs and the type of conlang(s) they want is sent to a list of conlangers seeking work; the proposals submitted by the conlangers are then peer-reviewed in a double-blind process by a panel of volunteers who are not seeking such work, or at least not candidates for that particular job. The proposals thought best by the peer reviewers are then forwarded to the client, who selects one to be more fully developed by its creator. To date, the LCS has been hired by HBO, and contracted David J. Peterson to create the Dothraki language for its series "Game of Thrones", based on George R.R. Martin's series of epic fantasy novels "A Song of Ice and Fire". Olivier Simon was selected by LCS to create "Leosprache" for the German short-film "Der Liebe Leo".
Community support.
Most online conlanger fora and communities predate the LCS and are independent of it (e.g. the CONLANG mailing list and Zompist Bulletin Board). The LCS provides web hosting for a number of newer community-oriented projects, including the Conlang Atlas of Language Structures, a mirror of the CONLANG mailing list archives, a conlang blog aggregator, and archive hosting of deceased conlangers' websites, in addition to hosting for individual members' conlang-oriented homepages.
The LCS started a podcast in February 2009; as of October 2010, an academic journal is in the works as well.
The LCS also holds a Language Creation Conference roughly every other year; conferences so far were held in 2006 (Berkeley, California), 2007 (Berkeley, California), 2009 (Providence, Rhode Island), and 2011 (Groningen, the Netherlands).
LCS Members.
Several of the LCS members and associates have been hired as linguistic consultants. Bill Welden was a consultant for the Lord of the Rings trilogy for Elvish. Many have degrees in linguistics, and some are currently working on projects that are covered by non-disclosure agreements.
David J. Peterson was hired as the linguistic consultant for the TV series "Game of Thrones" to develop the Dothraki language.

</doc>
<doc id="21519760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519760" title="FortSP">
FortSP

FortSP is a software package for solving stochastic programming (SP) problems. It solves scenario-based SP problems with recourse as well as problems with chance constraints and integrated chance constraints. FortSP is available as a standalone executable that accepts input in SMPS format and as a library with an interface in the C programming language.
The solution algorithms provided by FortSP include Benders' decomposition and a variant of level decomposition for two-stage problems, nested Benders' decomposition for multistage problems and reformulation of the problem as a deterministic equivalent. There is also an implementation of a cutting-plane algorithm for integrated chance constraints.
FortSP supports external linear programming solvers such as CPLEX, FortMP and Gurobi through their library interfaces or nl files. These solvers are used to optimize the deterministic equivalent problem and also the subproblems in the decomposition methods.

</doc>
<doc id="21519814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519814" title="James McGready">
James McGready

Rev. James McGready (1763–1817) was a Presbyterian minister and a revivalist during the Second Great Awakening in the United States of America. He was one of the most important figures of the Second Great Awakening in the American frontier.
Early life.
McGready was of Scots-Irish descent, and was born in Pennsylvania. When he was quite young, his father moved from Pennsylvania, and settled in Guilford County, North Carolina. An uncle, who was on a visit to his father's family, from Pennsylvania, thought that the boy's character fitted him to be educated for the ministry, and asked his parents to allow their son to accompany him back to Pennsylvania.
About the time of his commencing his studies preparatory to the work of the ministry, he was convinced by a sermon of a certain Reverend Smith, of the unsoundness of his previous religious convictions. Smith, in his history of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church, says that his religious awakening was attributable to a conversation of two friends, overheard by McGready, in which they expressed their fears that he was not a truly converted man. Foote, in his "Sketches of North Carolina", confirms the latter account.
Revival.
In the fall of 1785, Mr. Smith, who, according to the first tradition, was the means of his awakening, opened a school for the purpose of assisting young men in preparing for the ministry, and young McGready immediately became one of his pupils. He remained here for some time, and then entered a school recently opened by Rev. Dr. John McMillan, with whom he had spent some time after his arrival with his uncle from North Carolina. Dr. McMillan's school grew into what is now Jefferson College.
When McGready had completed his literary and theological studies, he was licensed to preach by the Presbytery of Redstone, on August 13, 1788, when he was about thirty years of age. In the following autumn or winter, he returned to North Carolina, and on his way spent some time with Dr. John Blair Smith, at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia. Dr. Smith had been connected with a powerful religious revival that occurred in his neighborhood about that time, and McGready seems to have been deeply affected by what he saw and heard of that revival.
Ministry.
On his arrival in North Carolina, he found the churches in an unsatisfactory state. His preaching was the means of awakening increased interest on the subject of religion. According to one account: "His labors at an academy under the care of Dr. Caldwell, were instrumental in producing a revival of religion, in which ten or twelve young men were brought into the fold, all of whom became ministers of the gospel, and some of them were subsequently his fellow-laborers in the far West."
About the year 1790 McGready married, and became the pastor of a congregation in Orange County. "Here he labored with his wonted zeal, and often with great success." His zeal provoked opposition, and he was accused of distracting people from their labors and creating unnecessary alarm among decent and orderly people. "A letter was written to him in blood, requiring him to leave the country at the peril of his life; and a number of wicked men and women of the baser sort, on a certain occasion during the week, assembled in his church, tore down the seats, set fire to the pulpit, and burnt it to ashes." On the following Sunday, when the congregation met for worship, a scene of confusion and desolation presented itself. He, however, proceeded with the service, using a relevant and solemn psalm, and delivering a sermon from the following text: "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thee, how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not! Behold your house is left unto you desolate."
In 1796 McGready left North Carolina for Kentucky. After spending a few months in East Tennessee, he reached his destination, and took the pastoral charge of three congregations in Logan County – Gaspar River, Red River, and Muddy River. These congregations were small, and in a low state of religious interest. He presented to the members of his congregation for their approval and signatures, the following preamble and covenant:
When we consider the word and promises of a compassionate God to the poor lost family of Adam, we find the strongest encouragement for Christians to pray in faith--to ask in the name of Jesus for the conversion of their fellow-men. None ever went to Christ when on earth, with the case of their friends, that were denied, and, although the days of his humiliation are ended, yet, for the encouragement of his people, he has left it on record, that where two or three agree upon earth to ask in prayer, believing, it shall be done. Again, whatsoever you shall ask the Father in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. With these promises before us, we feel encouraged to unite our supplications to a prayer-hearing God for the outpouring of his Spirit, that his people may be quickened and comforted, and that our children, and sinners generally, may be converted. Therefore, we bind ourselves to observe the third Saturday of each month, for one year, as a day of fasting and prayer for the conversion of sinners in Logan county, and throughout the world. We also engage to spend one half hour every Saturday evening, beginning at the setting of the sun, and one half hour every Sabbath morning, from the rising of the sun, pleading with God to revive his work.
To this covenant he and they affixed their names. The writer recollects to have heard the late Dr. Alfred M. Bryan state that his father, and perhaps his mother, were subscribers, among others. In May, 1797, the first signs of promise appeared, in the conversion of a female member of one of his congregations, who had been in the communion of the Church for some time. These favorable indications continued through the summer, but were followed by a temporary reaction through the fall and winter. The following summer the work developed itself more powerfully. On Monday of the sacramental meeting, at Gaspar River Meeting-house, the Spirit of God was poured out abundantly; the congregation became intensely interested on the subject of religion, and during the following week, almost entirely neglected their secular affairs, so great was their solicitude to secure the salvation of their own souls and the souls of others. This was the commencement of the great Revival of 1800. For several subsequent years, a history of Mr. McGready would be a history of the revival. He was its leading spirit, its most earnest advocate, and powerful promoter.
When the difficulties began to develop themselves, which resulted in the organization of the Cumberland Presbyterian Church, Mr. McGready for a time took a decided stand, as we would have expected, with the revival party. As these difficulties progressed, however, and became more serious than he expected, he faltered. It is, perhaps, not a matter of surprise. He was a Calvinist of the old school. He had received his early theological impressions, and his impressions of ecclesiastical order, from Dr. McMillan and old Red Stone Presbytery, types of the sternest Presbyterianism. He had no idea, it is supposed, when the troubles commenced, that they would become so complicated and embarrassing. Another consideration may be added. Although a man of great power in the pulpit, he was not a man for ecclesiastical conflict. He was not adapted to the leadership of a party. In December 1805 he was cited, with Revs. Messrs. William Hodge, William McGee, Samuel McAdow, and John Rankin, to appear before the next meeting of Kentucky Synod, to account for their conduct in not submitting the young men for reexamination to the Commission of the Synod. The history of the Commission is known. He succeeded by some means in making his peace with the Synod, and with the Transylvania Presbytery, which he seems to have attended in 1809, for the first time after his citation by the Commission of Synod.
Shortly after Mr. McGready's defection from the Council out of which the Cumberland Presbytery of 1810 grew, he left Logan county, and settled in Henderson county, Kentucky, where he remained until his death, which occurred in February, 1817.
Later years.
Of his later years, not much in known. It is known, however, that he continued his ministerial work, with his usual fidelity. But from some cause his labors were not as successful as they had formerly been. This was perhaps partly attributable to such a failure of physical strength and animation as declining age naturally brings. His friends, too, thought that the former unction of his ministry was wanting. It is recorded that in the fall of 1816, a few months before his death, he attended a Cumberland Presbyterian camp-meeting near Evansville, Indiana, where he preached with great power and success. At the close of a very impressive sermon on "The character, history, and end of the fool." he came out of the pulpit, called together the anxious, and prayed for them with great fervency. When he closed, he arose from his knees, and exclaimed with a loud voice, "O blessed be God! I this day feel the same holy fire that filled my soul sixteen years ago, during the glorious revival of 1800."

</doc>
<doc id="21519818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519818" title="Mother Seton House">
Mother Seton House

Mother Seton House is a historic home located on the grounds of St. Mary’s Seminary at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a -story red brick house, similar to other small homes built in the early 19th century for the predominantly French community nearby. It was built in 1808 as the home of Elizabeth Ann Seton (1774–1821), the first American-born woman beatified by the Roman Catholic Church. In the 1960s it was restored to its original appearance through the efforts of a committee, which continues to operate the home as a museum. Mother Seton House is located adjacent to the St. Mary's Seminary Chapel.
In 1972, Mother Seton House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="21519849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519849" title="Florence–Rome high-speed railway">
Florence–Rome high-speed railway

The Florence–Rome high-speed railway line is a link in the Italian high-speed rail network. It is known as the ferrovia direttissima Firenze-Roma in Italian—meaning "most direct Florence–Rome railway" (abbreviated DD); this name reflects the naming of the Rome–Formia–Naples Direttissima opened in 1927 and the Bologna–Florence Direttissima opened in 1934. The line was the first high-speed line opened in Europe when more than half of it opened on 24 February 1977. It was completed on 26 May 1992, reducing the time of the fastest trains between the two cities to 1 hour and 20 minutes. The old line is referred to by Ferrovie dello Stato (the State Railways) as the "Linea Lenta" (meaning "slow line", abbreviated "LL") to distinguish it from the parallel high-speed line.
The line is currently being modified to meet the new "Linea Alta Velocità/Alta Capacità" (high-speed/high-capacity line, "AV-AC") standard being established by Rete Ferroviaria Italiana for high-speed lines. The line is part of Corridor 1 of the European Union's Trans-European high-speed rail network, which connects Berlin and Palermo.
History.
The 315 km railway between Rome and Florence developed from several different lines by several different companies for different purposes and as a result was curvy and slow. Over the years there had been many studies, proposals and projects for deviations to straighten the line but nothing came of them. After World War II it was finally decided to build a new line that was straighter, faster and especially shorter (237.5 km) than the old Florence-Rome line; it was also to be well-integrated with the existing line, rather than replace it. The project was approved and funded in late 1968 and early 1969. This was the first high-speed rail project—in the sense that "high-speed" is now used—to be commenced in Europe.
On 25 June 1970 work began on the most important element of the project: the 5,375 metre-long Paglia viaduct over the Paglia river, which is made up of 205 25 metre-long linear spans of and five 50 metre-long arched spans and is the longest viaduct in Europe. It was expected that the first 138 km section of the line from Roma Termini to Città della Pieve would take five years to complete, but it was not in fact opened until 24 February 1977. It was a milestone in the history of Italian railways, but progress was subsequently slowed by numerous obstacles, some of a political nature. The line had to be rerouted near Arezzo due to problems in driving a tunnel. The official opening took place with a train consisting of an FS Class E444 locomotive and "Gran Comfort" coaches.
The 51 km section of line between Città della Pieve and Arezzo was completed on 29 September 1985; the 20 km section between Valdarno and Florence was opened on 30 May 1986 and finally on 26 May 1992 the 44 km section between Arezzo and Valdarno was opened.
Route.
The line has a largely straight path with a maximum slope of eight per thousand, no level crossings or intersections of any kind and the centre of tracks four metres apart to counteract the dynamic effects created by trains passing each other. Communication with drivers consists of an adaptation of the Italian RS4 Codici train protection system with in-cabin repetition of signals using nine codes and earth to train telephone communication. The minimum radius of curves is 3,000 meters, enabling an operating speed of 250 km/h. Connections between the two tracks in both directions every 16.2 kilometers allow trains to use either track in either direction or for all operations to operate on a single track if necessary.
The rails are laid using a UIC 60 kg/metre rail profile, with electrically welded rails attached to 2.30 metres-long prestressed reinforced concrete sleepers, spaced 60 cm apart with Pandrol clips. The interconnections between the high-speed lines and the old Florence–Bologna lines are implemented through lines that separate away from the opposing line and pass under or over both new lines rather than crossing over the opposing track on the level. The switches between the two running lines are capable of supporting speeds of up to 100 km/h, while the 15 switches to connecting lines support speeds of up to 160 km/h. The line is electrified at 3 kV DC, and supplied by substations at 16 km intervals. It is proposed to re-electrify the line at 25 kV AC and replace the signalling and train protection system with the European Train Control System to raise the maximum speed from 250 km/h to 300 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="21519851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519851" title="Solid Gold Chipmunks">
Solid Gold Chipmunks

Solid Gold Chipmunks is a 30th anniversary compilation music album by "Alvin and the Chipmunks", released in 1988 on LP and cassette by Buena Vista Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21519858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519858" title="Harcourt Street railway station">
Harcourt Street railway station

Harcourt Street railway station is a former railway terminus in Dublin. The station served as the terminus of the line from Dublin to the town of Bray in County Wicklow, although it opened in 1859 after the initial opening of the railway line itself.
The station facade was designed by George Wilkinson, and contained a central arch and a colonnade of doric columns. The station itself was constructed on an embankment, which led to the platforms being raised and a store in the undercroft for bonded spirits (similar to St Pancras in London).
The station is perhaps most famous for a train crash in 1900 - a train from Enniscorthy failed to stop and crashed through the end wall of the station onto Hatch Street, with the locomotive left dangling in mid-air.
The station continued operating until 1958, when Córas Iompair Éireann, during its rationalisation programme of the railway network, closed the line from Harcourt Street. However, the trackbed was maintained in case of future use of the alignment. Although Harcourt Street is no longer used for heavy rail, the Luas light rail network that opened in 2004 utilised the route, with a new stop opened in front of the old station. The station building has been converted into a leisure venue with bars and music venues.

</doc>
<doc id="21519909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519909" title="Mitsuko Aoyama">
Mitsuko Aoyama

Mitsuko, Countess of Coudenhove-Kalergi (; 7 July 1874 – 27 August 1941), formerly known as , was one of the first Japanese people to emigrate to Europe, after becoming the wife of an Austrian diplomat, Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi, in Tokyo. She was the mother of Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi.
Life.
The daughter of an antiques-dealer and oil tycoon in Tokyo, aged 17 she met the Austro-Hungarian diplomat Dr. Count Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi when she came to help him when his horse slipped on ice (Heinrich often visited her father's shop, not far from the Austrian legation). Heinrich gained her father's permission for her to be employed as a parlour maid in the legation and then (after they fell in love) for them to marry. The latter request was refused, but the couple defied him, marrying on 16 March 1892 in Tokyo with the consent of the Austrian and Japanese foreign ministries. This left her disinherited and banned from her father's house. In 1896 she was received at an imperial reception for foreign diplomats' wives by Empress Eishō (as a commoner Mitsuko would never have been granted such an audience, but as a countess and ambassador's wife she was) and again on the end of Heinrich's diplomatic work shortly afterwards. 
The couple then returned to Europe, where Mitsuko and their two sons Johannes and Richard took over management of the family estates in Bohemian Ronsperg. Once established, Mitsuko learned French, German, math, geography and history in an attempt to counter the hostility to Heinrich concerning his return with a foreign wife. Five more children would be born to Heinrich and Mitsuko. Heinrich died in 1906 and Mitsuko took over the estates and the children's upbringing and education, while studying law and economics herself. Mitsuko never again returned to Japan and when she died in 1941 she was buried in the Hietzinger Cemetery.
Legacy.
Mitsu is a popular figure in Japanese film and a musical was devoted to her life. She is also the main character of the manga, "Lady Mitsuko" by Waki Yamato.

</doc>
<doc id="21519919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519919" title="Chinese people in Papua New Guinea">
Chinese people in Papua New Guinea

Chinese people in Papua New Guinea form a very diverse community. , only about 1,000 of the "old Chinese"—locally born descendents of late 19th and early 20th-century immigrants—remain in the country; most have moved to Australia. However, their numbers have been bolstered significantly by new arrivals from overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia and later from mainland China. There are also a few migrants from the Republic of China on Taiwan.
Migration history.
Origins.
Beginning in 1888, the German New Guinea Company (GNGC) imported hundreds of indentured Chinese labourers each year, from Xiamen, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Sumatra to work on coconut and tobacco plantations. They suffered a fatality rate as high as 40% due to tropical diseases and harsh treatment. However, from 1898, the German government formally took over administration of the territory from the GNGC, and promoted free immigration instead of indentured labour. Carpenters, shipbuilders, engineers, tailors, and shopkeepers flowed into the territory, spreading out to various towns including Rabaul, Kokopo, Kavieng, Lae, and Madang. Ships regularly sailed back and forth to Hong Kong. From a population of 200 in 1890, the Chinese community grew to 1427 by 1913. Of those, just 101 were women.
Australian invasion.
In 1914, Australia invaded and occupied New Guinea; during the occupation, which continued until 1919, they refused further entry to Chinese. In 1920, New Guinea was formally placed under Australian control as a League of Nations mandate; the new administration extended laws of Australia, in particular the Immigration Restriction Act 1901, over New Guinea, making it far more difficult for Chinese to gain entry to the territory. Chinese who had settled there before 1922 received permanent residency, but those few who arrived afterwards could only receive temporary residency.
The Australians' 1921 survey of their new territory found a total of 1,424 Chinese (1,195 men, 229 women). The gender imbalance in the Chinese community would largely persist due to the policy of refusing entry to wives and children whom New Guinea-resident Chinese men had left behind in China; as a consequence, some Chinese men took indigenous women as wives instead. The children of their marriages tended to be brought up within the Chinese community.
There were also roughly 100 Chinese on Papua; however, movement between New Guinea and the Papua area was restricted, so the community there remained small. A 1933 survey found just five Chinese in Papua; Filipinos formed the dominant Asian group, with a population of 88. Port Moresby had only a single Chinese family, headed by Luk Poi Wai, a tailor. 
By the eve of the Pacific War, the Chinese population in New Guinea exceeded 2,000.
Japanese invasion.
After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, with the Japanese invasion of New Guinea looming just over the horizon, the Australian government moved to evacuate white women and children from the territory. However, they made no similar moves to evacuate the Chinese population there. In early 1942, in response to the pleas of community members, this stance softened slightly, and 300 Chinese were flown to Australia; however, the majority of Chinese women were refused permission to leave. Left behind to face occupation by the Imperial Japanese Army, Chinese women became victims of atrocities at a far higher rate than indigenous women. According to community leader Chin Hoi Meen, "Chinese girls had to be supplied to Japanese on demand"; under threat of beatings, death, or imprisonment in a soldiers' brothel as comfort women, Chinese women were also forced to enter into relationships and cohabit with Japanese officers. Chinese men were interned in concentration camps to perform hard labour. A total of 86 local Chinese residents died during the war, 37 of those having been killed by the Japanese. Among the dead was the head of the PNG branch of the Kuomintang, the main political party of the Republic of China at the time; he was executed by Japanese troops as a warning to the community.
In addition to their crimes against local Chinese people, the Japanese sent about 1,600 Republic of China Army prisoners-of-war to Rabaul as slave labourers; many died and were buried there. Some soldiers of Taiwan origin came as auxiliaries with the Japanese army as well.
Post-World War II.
In 1946, the total Chinese population in Papua and New Guinea stood at roughly 2,000 people.
A new immigration policy promulgated in 1948 permitted entrance and temporary residence, in the form of exemptions from immigration restrictions, to Chinese engaged in overseas trade of a minimum volume of £1,000 per year. They would also be permitted to sponsor one assistant if their trade volume reached £2,500 per year, and one additional assistant for every £2,500 above that threshold, whose exemptions were to be reviewed every five years, and to nominate a temporary substitute to come to PNG in their place for up to three years if they had to leave the territory. Wives of traders who had lived in the territory since 1921 were granted a permanent exemption from immigration restrictions; others were granted temporary exemptions to be reviewed at three-year intervals. Finally, their dependents who left the territory could be granted re-entry permits with a validity of as long as five years. However, World War II and the ongoing Chinese Civil War had disrupted many of the Chinese community's links to China; even after 1949, though local Chinese were able to regain contact with their relatives in China, they found it difficult to go for visits or send their children their due to the lack of diplomatic relations between Australia and the new People's Republic of China government.
The 1966 census found a total of 566 persons born in China (64 men and 17 women in Papua; 297 men and 188 women in New Guinea), 288 persons holding Chinese nationality (206 men, 72 women), and 2,455 persons who responded "Chinese" when asked their race (1,391 men, 1,064 women). As late as the 1970s, local men continued to go to Hong Kong to find Chinese women to marry, and then brought them back to PNG.
In the 1950s, the Australian government gave the Chinese community a choice of taking up Australian citizenship; this decision marked one of the Australian government's earliest breaks in the White Australia policy.
Independence era.
With independence in 1975, the bulk of the Chinese community in PNG chose to depart for Australia. However, their numbers began to be bolstered again by newcomers in the late 1970s and early 1980s, with ethnic Chinese from Malaysia, from Singapore, from Indonesia, and from the Philippines arriving to work as timber merchants or traders. In the 1990s, as the local currency depreciated, their numbers decreased. However, the number of Chinese would continue to grow with the arrival of many new immigrants from the People's Republic of China, who came not just as employees of Chinese companies but also as independent traders.
Community structure.
Politics.
Prior to PNG's independence, the Chinese community had no role in local administration; instead, their political participation was directed towards China. The New Guinea Branch of the Kuomintang (KMT) provided "de facto" leadership for the community. Though the Chinese Civil War ended with the victory of the Communist Party of China and the establishment of the People's Republic of China (PRC), most Chinese in PNG remained supporters of the Kuomintang and their Republic of China (ROC) government based on Taiwan, until the 1960s, when they began to realise that the KMT's plan to retake mainland China was unlikely to be realised. However, their fears of being labelled as communists led them to maintain at least public loyalty to Taiwan well after that, flying the flag of the Republic of China and continuing to send representatives to the ROC's National Assembly in Taipei until Australia's recognition of the PRC in 1972.
After independence, some of the Chinese who held PNG nationality became involved in local politics, primarily as fundraisers or middlemen for major politicians. A few, especially those of mixed blood, attained prominent positions in the government; the best known example is former prime minister Sir Julius Chan.
Business and employment.
Due to the bureaucracy and delays involved in obtaining a work permit for foreigners, many companies bring in workers from China illegally, with some estimates suggesting as many as 300 Chinese people arrive each week without proper documentation.
Organisations.
Migrants formed surname and hometown associations in Rabaul during the late 1910s and early 1920s. Port Moresby, in contrast, lacks any such association, due to the diversity and short history of the Chinese community there. Local Chinese there formed one social club, the Cathay Club, in the 1960s; some new Chinese immigrants have joined as well. They typically organise sports and games for their members.
Education.
In Rabaul, there were two Chinese schools, each associated with a Christian denomination and established with teachers specially hired from China. The Overseas Chinese School (华侨学校) was established with support from the Methodist missionaries in 1922, while St. Theresa's Yang Ching School (养正学校) was set up two years later by Chinese community leaders with support from the Catholic Church. Chinese schools also sprang up in Madang and Kavieng. Many families also sent their children back to China for further studies, but this practise came to an end due to the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, and did not resume after peace returned. The wealthiest members of the community were also able to send their children to Australia for further studies.
In the 1950s, subsidies from the Australian government allowed an increasing number of Chinese from New Guinea to attend Australian universities. Their primary destinations were Queensland and New South Wales.
Culture.
Language.
Most early Chinese immigrants traced their roots to southern coastal regions of China, especially Guangdong; Siyi dialect became the "lingua franca" among them, though others spoke various dialects of Cantonese or Hakka As a result, many younger ethnic Chinese have forgotten the language, or never learned it. Starting in the 1970s, many Chinese families hired indigenous women as nannies, who then taught Tok Pisin to the children.
Religion.
Most Chinese in Papua New Guinea are at least nominally Christian. The German colonial era saw the first Chinese converts to Catholicism. Chinese Catholic and Methodist churches have been operating in Rabaul since the 1920s. In contrast, there is only one Buddhist temple in PNG, the Manjusri Buddhist Centre (曼珠精舍) in Port Moresby, established in 1994 by Malaysian Chinese expatriates and now operated by the Taiwan-based Fo Guang Shan order; they generally conduct sermons in Mandarin.
Ethnicity and identity.
Due to gender imbalances, mixed marriages between Chinese men and indigenous women have long been common in PNG's Chinese community. The offspring of such marriages tended to be accepted as Chinese if they were raised within the community and learned the language. However, at the same time, the Chinese community tended to look down on indigenous people as "savages"; prior to independence, Chinese were in the middle tier of a racial hierarchy, discriminated against by whites but equally lording it over the indigenous people; after independence, they came to resent the political power those same indigenes had been given over them.
Even within the Chinese community, tensions exist between different groups of immigrants. Local Chinese in particular blame mainland Chinese for disrupting previously-peaceful inter-ethnic relationships between the Chinese community and indigenous peoples. In particular, mainland Chinese migrants' activities have earned them a poor reputation not just among indigenous people, but among local Chinese and ethnic Chinese expatriates from Southeast Asia as well; the latter view them as "crooks" and "conmen". Mainland Chinese migrants' practise of illegally opening shops in sectors which are restricted to PNG nationals, such as low-end hospitality and retail businesses; these bring them into direct economic competition with local people. For example, during September 2007 anti-Chinese riots in Mount Hagen, PNG's third largest city, Chinese-owned warehouses became targets for arsonists and armed robbers.

</doc>
<doc id="21519926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519926" title="Ernesto Hernandez">
Ernesto Hernandez

Ernesto Rubio Hernandez (born June 17, 1982) is a Mexican-American Business Owner, actor, and politician, currently serving as a Council-member for the City of San Fernando, California.
Hernandez worked as a Hollywood actor, best known for "Price of Glory".
As a Democrat, he was first elected on January 13, 2009, in a special recall election to replace then Mayor Pro Tem Julie Ruelas. Hernandez was sworn in on January 20, 2009, to serve the remainder of Ruelas' term.

</doc>
<doc id="21519937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519937" title="Contact Point for Roma and Sinti Issues">
Contact Point for Roma and Sinti Issues

The Contact Point for Roma and Sinti Issues is the main structure within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) assisting governments in implementing their commitments relating to the rights of Roma and Sinti populations. The Contact Point is located within the Warsaw-based OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR). 
The Contact Point was created by the participating States of the OSCE at the 1994 Budapest Summit. Its mandate was strengthened at the 1998 Ministerial Council in Oslo. The Contact Point is currently headed by Andrzej Mirga (Poland). 
One of the Contact Point's main tasks is to assist the participating States of the OSCE to implement the OSCE "Action Plan on Improving the Situation of Roma and Sinti" adopted with consensus in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21519949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21519949" title="Thomas Paine National Historical Association">
Thomas Paine National Historical Association

The Thomas Paine Historical Association is an organization based in New Rochelle, New York, that is dedicated to perpetuating the legacy of Founding Father Thomas Paine. It was organized on the anniversary of Paine's birthday, January 29, 1884, and is one of the oldest historical associations in the United States. It is one of two Thomas Paine legacy organizations based in New Rochelle, the other being the Thomas Paine Cottage Museum of the Huguenot and New Rochelle Historical Society, founded in 1886, which owns and maintains the Thomas Paine Cottage.
History.
The Association's first elected president was writer, abolitionist, and confidant to Abraham Lincoln, Dr. Moncure Conway. Conway is credited with writing the first comprehensive biography of Paine in 1892. On October 14, 1905, the Association held an elaborate ceremony to rededicate the Thomas Paine Monument. Previously, on Memorial Day 1899, the Association had held a big meeting in connection with the erection of the bronze bust of Paine which now sits on a marble base. It was in 1905 that the monument was moved and placed in its present location in the center of Paine Avenue. The ceremonies included speeches, a parade and a salute of thirteen guns by second battery, U. S. Army, in honor of the thirteen original states. In 1906 the Association was reorganized, and incorporated under the laws of New York and is now known as the Thomas Paine National Historical Association.
Thomas Paine Memorial Museum.
The Paine Memorial Building and museum is located north of the Paine Monument at the corner of North Avenue and Valley Road in New Rochelle, New York. The construction of this building was begun on May 30, 1925, under the instruction of President William van der Weyde. Thomas A. Edison helped to turn the first shovel of earth for the museum. The building serves as a museum to display both Paine relics as well as others of local historical interest. A large collection of books, pamphlets and pictures is contained in the Paine library including many first editions of Paine's works as well as several original manuscripts. In 1943 a wing was added to the building to house the Hufeland Memorial Library. This collection comprises several thousand items pertaining to the history of Westchester and were assembled by Otto Hufeland of Mount Vernon, New York. To this has been added a large collection of books, manuscripts and pictures pertaining to local and Huguenot history.

</doc>
<doc id="21520056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520056" title="Dipterocarpus zeylanicus">
Dipterocarpus zeylanicus

Dipterocarpus zeylanicus, commonly known as හොර - Hora in Sinhalese, is a species of "Dipterocarpus" that is endemic to Sri Lanka. It is a large tree that grows up to 40 - 45 m tall and 4 - 6 m in circumference. The bark is light pinkish brown or light yellowish brown. Leaves are big and oval, 5 to 8 inches long. The sharp-edged leaves are covered with silver hairy. Flowers bloom in April and seeds have two wings to spread from wind. The bark contains considerable amounts of gray caller oleo resin. "D. zeylanicus" can be found in moist low country like Ratnapura, Kaluthara, Galle and Mathara districts and also in the Sinharaja rain forest.
It is used as a strong and hard wood and a weight of 54 lbs per cubic foot. The heartwood is light pinkish to dark reddish brown. After a preservative treatment, it is used for railway sleepers, rafters, electric posts, beams, joists, heavy types of carpentry work, and eminently suitable for under water work.
A forest plantation of Dipterocarpus zelanicus is found in Handapangoda (about 50km away from Colombo along the Colombo-Ingiriya main Road). It has been established by the Forest Department of Sri Lanka and has an extent of nearly 20ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21520075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520075" title="Winter Nights">
Winter Nights

Winter Nights or Old Norse vetrnætr was a specific time of year in medieval Scandinavia. According to Zoega's "Concise Dictionary of Old Icelandic", "vetr-nætr" referred to "the three days which begin the winter season". The term is attested in the narrative of some of the "Fornaldarsögur", mostly to express passage of time ("as autumn turned into winter").
The term is not mentioned in the Ynglinga saga by Snorri Sturluson where (in chapter 8) the three great sacrifices of the year are proscribed:
It can be argued that " í móti vetri " "at the onset of winter" marking the autumn sacrifice in the Ynglinga saga is corresponds to what came to be called "vetrnætr" "winter nights" at a somewhat later stage of the Old Norse period.
Specific sacrifices held at the beginning of winter during the Old Norse period were álfablót and dísablót.
Of these, dísablót came to be a public sacrifice, according to the Ynglinga saga performed by the king of Sweden; it may, however, at an earlier time have been a sacrifice reserved for women and performed by priestesses (c.f. mōdraniht).
By contrast, álfablót was a sacrifice held at each homestead separately for the local spirits, under the explicit exclusion of any strangers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21520076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520076" title="Bodyguard (2010 film)">
Bodyguard (2010 film)

Bodyguard is a 2010 Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by Siddique. It stars Dileep and Nayantara in the lead roles. This film was Nayantara's comeback to Malayalam cinema after a gap of four years, and its the first time that Dileep had worked with Siddique. Popular choreographer-director Prabhu Deva choreographed the song sequences.
The film released on 23 January 2010. It has been remade into Tamil, Hindi, Kannada and Telugu. Tamil and Hindi versions were directed by Siddique himself. A Bengali version of the movie is in production.As "Bodyguard" became moderate success in Kerala and its respective remakes went on to become huge hits in Tamil, Hindi, Kannada and Telugu.
Plot.
"Bodyguard" revolves around young Jayakrishnan (Dileep), who has a very strange habit; he adulates anyone with a trace of heroism. Whenever he develops an admiration towards a person, he prefers to move with that person as a sort of bodyguard. He starts admiring Ashokan (Thiagarajan), a former liquor tycoon and leading businessman. Jayakrishnan wants to be Ashokan's bodyguard, but Ashokan does not need a bodyguard. Later, Jayakrishnan approaches Ashokan with a recommendation from someone he cannot refuse. He achieves his luck after saving Ashokan from danger.
Jayakrishnan thus becomes the bodyguard of Ashokan's only daughter Ammu (Nayantara). Jayakrishnan follows Ammu to her college as her bodyguard. Ammu and her friend Sethulakshmi (Mithra Kurian) gets irritated with him following them all day.
Jayakrishnan takes his role as bodyguard very seriously and follows the two girls around constantly. In an attempt to get rid of him, Ammu and Sethulakshmi make up a "fake lover" hoping to distract Jayakrishnan from his duties as a bodyguard. It works! Jayakrishnan falls in love with "PRIVATE NUMBER", and is constantly looking for this girl. He has no idea that his lover is Ammu. Ammu, as a joke, calls Jayakrishnan and speaks badly about Ammu. Jayakrishnan gets a little angry and disagrees with her. He believes Ammu is a good-hearted person. That's when the viewer is able to tell Ammu is really falling in love with Jayakrishnan. This is no joke anymore. Ammu, later tells Jayakrishnan to run away with her and meet her at a railroad station. Jayakrishnan agrees, not knowing that the girl is Ammu. Ashokan finds out and he believes that Jayakrishnan and Ammu are planning to run away together. In order to save Jayakrishnan's life, Ammu lies that it's not her. That Jayakrishnan is meeting another girl at the station. Ashokan lets Jayakrishnan go, but tells others to kill Jayakrishnan if a girl does not show up. Terrified, Ammu sends her friend, Sethulakshmi, to the station and tells her to tell Jayakrishnan that Ammu is the lover and she won't be able to make it to the station. Sethulakshmi, seeing Jayakrishnan, falls in love, and admits that she is the lover, not Ammu. Ammu calls her twice, but Sethulakshmi throws the cellphone out, trying to erase Ammu out of their love life completely. Years later, after Jayakrishnan and Sethulakshmi's marriage, she bore a son. Before her death, she leaves a diary for her son telling the whole story between the phone calls and his father and Ammu. The son later goes to Ammu's house with Jayakrishnan to visit Ashokan. Jayakrishnan is shocked Ammu isn't married. The son asks Ammu to become his mother and Jayakrishnan is shocked and angry at his son for saying something so blunt and rude. But Ashokan begs Jayakrishnan to take Ammu as his wife. So they go onto the train together but the son runs and throws the diary into a trashcan nearby. Jayakrishnan finds the diary and realizes that his real lover, the girl who's waited for him for so many years faithfully, was Ammu.
Special Notice.
This was Cochin Haneefa's last film released before his death on 2 February 2010.
Critical Reception.
The film mostly received Positive Reviews and became a Blockbuster at the Box Office.
Home video.
Moser Baer Home entertainment released the movie on DVD,SuperDVD,and VCD in india on 2010

</doc>
<doc id="21520087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520087" title="Hietzinger Cemetery">
Hietzinger Cemetery

The Hietzinger Cemetery is a cemetery in Hietzing, the 13th district of Vienna. Buried here are Franz Grillparzer, Otto Wagner, Gustav Klimt, Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf, Engelbert Dollfuß, Rudolf Prack, Heinz Conrads, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="21520096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520096" title="Better Half">
Better Half

Better half, my better half, or the better half may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21520101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520101" title="Harry Lampe">
Harry Lampe

Harry Lampe (25 August 1874-?) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Lampe started out as a forward and kicked two of South Melbourne's three goals in their 1899 VFL Grand Final loss to Fitzroy. During the next two seasons he was his club's main attacking weapon and topped their goal-kicking with 16 goals in 1900 and 20 goals in 1901. He finished his career as a defender with his last game coming in the Swans 1907 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton.
In 1909, Lampe worked as a VFL boundary umpire for six games and appeared once as a field umpire.

</doc>
<doc id="21520102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520102" title="Smoky Cape Lighthouse">
Smoky Cape Lighthouse

Smoky Cape Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located on Smoky Cape, a headland east of the town of South West Rocks, New South Wales, Australia, and within the Hat Head National Park. It directs boats towards the entrance to the Macleay River, which is located just to the north of the lighthouse.
It is one of the last major lighthouse complexes designed by the New South Wales colonial architect of the time, James Barnet, and was one of Australia's last lighthouses to be designed for architectural excellence. 
Standing on a granite headland above the sea, its light is the highest in New South Wales.
History.
The lighthouse was first proposed in 1886 to ensure the safety of the increasing coastal traffic on the northern seaboard of New South Wales, and was completed in 1891. The contract to build it was won by William Frank Oakes but he died during construction and the work was completed by his executors.
As a result of the Commonwealth Lighthouses Act of 1911, management of the lighthouse was transferred in 1915 to Federal control because of its status as a coastal light.
Since 1939, the lighthouse has been an Australian Bureau of Meteorology site for the gathering of climate statistics.
During the World War 2, the lighthouse precinct was used for military purposes. There was a searchlight battery and light gun emplacement, and possibly a radio room, operating there at that time. The concrete remains of the military installation are still visible.
In 1962 the light was electrified and around 1988 it was automated. The optic system is still the original first order Fresnel lens.
On May 14, 1998, Smoky Cape was the first NSW Parks and Wildlife Service lighthouse to be opened for tours.
Design.
The lighthouse's design is unusual for its octagonal tower, and was so designed because it was easier to cast the tower in the octagonal formwork than round formwork. It has a single story pavilion entrance, cast iron staircase and distinctive gunmetal balustrade. It is one of only three nineteenth century mass concrete lighthouses in NSW (the others being South Solitary Island Lighthouse and Green Cape Lighthouse).
The fact that it has its original Chance Brothers revolving apparatus and lens, and lantern house, makes it an important example of late nineteenth century industrial maritime technology.
Operation and tourism.
The lighthouse is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority and is classified by the National Trust of Australia (NSW).
Its nearest lighthouses are South Solitary Island Lighthouse north of Coffs Harbour, to the north, and Tacking Point Lighthouse at Port Macquarie, to the south.
The lighthouse complex is located in Hat Head National Park. The head keeper's cottage is now run as a bed and breakfast, and two other cottages as holiday houses, leased from the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service.
The cape is a popular point for whale-watching.

</doc>
<doc id="21520112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520112" title="Greece 2000 – EP">
Greece 2000 – EP

Info.
Greece 2000 was a 1998 single released by Three Drives or Three Drives On A Vinyl, the genre of the song was Trance.
Single.
Greece 2000 (Original Mix) - 8:03
Greece 2000 (DJ Saccoman Remix) - 7:21
Greece 2000 (Radio Edit) - 3:38
Greece 2000 - 8:03
Not Overdrive - 7:06
Piano Freq. - 6:10

</doc>
<doc id="21520120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520120" title="Barbara Coudenhove-Kalergi">
Barbara Coudenhove-Kalergi

Barbara Coudenhove-Kalergi (born 15 January 1932, Prague) is an Austrian journalist. A member of the Coudenhove-Kalergi family, she is the daughter of Gerolf von Coudenhove-Kalergi and thus the niece of Count Richard Nikolaus von Coudenhove-Kalergi. As ethnic German she was expelled from her hometown Prague during the ethnic cleansing of 1945/1946 that murdered or drove from their homes the more than 30% ethnic Germansin territories handed to Czechoslovakia. She was awarded the Order of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, Class IV, in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21520131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520131" title="Home of the Friendless (Baltimore, Maryland)">
Home of the Friendless (Baltimore, Maryland)

Home of the Friendless is a historic orphanage at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a three bay wide, five story high Second Empire style brick building constructed in 1870 as an orphanage. The building provided a home for orphaned and deserted children for six decades and was part of a three-building complex that housed from 100 to 200 children each year. By 1922 the Board of Managers and Trustees had decided to sell the property and move to the suburbs. The institution is now known as Woodbourne Center.
Home of the Friendless was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21520147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520147" title="Ida Friederike Görres">
Ida Friederike Görres

Ida Friederike Görres (2 December 1901, Schloss Ronsperg, Bohemia – 15 May 1971, Frankfurt am Main), born Elisabeth Friederike, Reichsgräfin Coudenhove-Kalergi, was an Austrian writer. From the Coudenhove-Kalergi family, she was the daughter, one of seven children, of Count Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi and his Japanese wife Mitsuko Aoyama.
After her father's early death, she was brought up in his Bohemian home, "Schloss Ronsperg", in accordance with the Anglophile ideas of the time, and so, in view of the fact that her mother was an invalid, doubly in the hands of nurses and governesses. A convent education led to the Mary Ward Institute in St. Pölten, near Vienna, and Countess Ida entered a novitiate in 1923. Doubting her vocation, she took up lay work and was soon deeply involved in the German Youth Movement. She graduated from the Social Women's School in Freiburg where she studied church history. In 1928, she went as a youth ministry secretary for girls to Dresden and worked in Catholic education. In 1935, she married the German engineer Carl-Josef Görres in Leipzig. She continued with her Youth Movement activities until the Second World War strangled most of these activities.
Later Görres wrote in the Appendix to "Broken Lights": 
Görres was active as a writer and wrote on various topics on hagiography. After the war, she began once again to write, travel and lecture, until in 1950 a breakdown in health drove her into seclusion. "Broken Lights", Diaries and Letters 1951-1959, gathers her writings from this time into one volume in English. She participated in the Würzburg synod and died after a synod meeting in Frankfurt. The Requiem was held in Freiburg Cathedral, the eulogy given by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, who later became Pope Benedict XVI. She was loyal to the tradition of Catholic Christianity. "I have known no other father but these fathers, the priests of the Church, no brothers but my own dear brothers, the theology students. No mother but the Church...I loved them all and clung to them, not only as a daughter and sister, but as a Japanese daughter and sister, in the intensity of unconditional submission which belongs to Japanese filial piety. " 
Görres is best known in the English speaking world for her 1944 study of Thérèse of Lisieux "Das Verborgene Antlitz" - translated as "The Hidden Face". The British cookery writer and celebrity chef Delia Smith named the book as an influence on her Roman Catholicism.

</doc>
<doc id="21520191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520191" title="Panagarh–Morgram Highway">
Panagarh–Morgram Highway

Panagarh–Morgram Highway runs from the junction with NH 2 at Panagarh Darjeeling Mor to NH 34 at Morgram. It passes through Kanksa, Ilambazar, Hetampur, Dubrajpur, Suri, Rampurhat, Nalhati and Lohapur. It is mostly a two lane (30 feet wide) highway with a total length of . Panagarh to Suri is and Suri to Morgram is .
Junctions.
At Ilambazar it meets the Bolpur-Santiniketan Road. A little after Ilambazar it meets the road from Jaydev Kenduli, off the highway. At Dubrajpur it meets two roads – one coming from Raniganj Punjabi Mor and an alternative road coming from Suri via Bakreshwar. At Suri, the headquarters of Birbhum district, several roads converge – one from Bolpur-Santiniketan, one from Sainthia, and an alternative road from Dubrajpur via Bakreshwar, which also branches off to Rajnagar(SH-6). The road to Massanjore Dam meets it after crossing the Tilpara Barrage. Tarapith is off the highway and the Tarapith Road meets it just before Rampurhat.
Rivers.
The highway crosses Ajay River just before entering Ilambazar, Bakreshwar River after Dubrajpur, goes over the Tilpara Barrage across the Mayurakshi River, Dwarka River before Rampurhat and the Brahmani river before Nalhati.
Cost.
The highway from Ilambazar to Moragram was constructed by AFCONS at a cost of $150-million funded by Asian Development Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="21520192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520192" title="Naniwa Nagara-Toyosaki Palace">
Naniwa Nagara-Toyosaki Palace

, or in short, is a historical Japanese palace which was located in present-day central Osaka city. The Palace of this period is also sometimes referred to as the Former Naniwa Palace, as opposed to the Latter Naniwa Palace in 744.
Ruins of the ancient palace were found by a local archaeologist Tokutaro Yamane in 1957, although no obvious trace is found to date that there was a city formed around or close to the palace. When the ruins came out, Yamane left a saying "Ware maboroshi no daigokuden o mitari!", "I saw the shade ghostly or illusory daigokuden palace building!"

</doc>
<doc id="21520197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520197" title="Hiyas ng Maynilad Dance Troupe">
Hiyas ng Maynilad Dance Troupe

The Hiyas ng Maynilad Dance Troupe is the official and premiere cultural dance company of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila. The company, consisting of student-performers under the umbrella PLM President’s Committee on Arts and Culture, made its debut performance during the University’s anniversary celebration in 1982. Since then, it has presented dances in costumes that reflect the traditional culture of the Philippines. Together with the PLM Rondalla, the company has also appeared as the Hiyas ng Maynilad and Cultural Group.
The company has several notable performances before local, national and international audiences, among them for delegates to the Film Festival in 1983, Puerta Real Evenings, concerts at the Philtrade Center, Philippine International Convention Center, LawAsia conference, 1994 Miss Universe Beauty Pageant, television appearances, World Meeting of Families at Rizal Park, Paco Park concerts, Concert at the Park, Wow Philippines in Intramuros, Sunday Evenings at the QC Circle, Araw ng Maynila Outstanding Manilans Awards Night, the Ship for Southeast Asia Youth Program sponsored by the Japanese government, 4th Philippine International Performance Art Festival, and notable performances in nearby provinces and cities for fund-raising projects.
The company also won the championship trophy in the cultural competition sponsored by the Association of Local Colleges and Universities. In 1990, the dance company and the PLM Rondalla represented Manila in the cultural dance festival held in Tokyo, Japan, and in 1996 again represented Manila in the Asian Week ’96 held in Pusan, Korea.
Dazzling with colorful costumes and props, the company back to life some of the Philippines' famous indigenous and ritualistic dances, including "banderitas", "Dance of the Tambourines", "maglalatik" , the Tausog dance "Paulanjulni", and the royal dance, "singkil".
At present, the company’s artistic direction is being undertaken by Rodel "Aiko" Valdez with Archie Dema-ala as Resident Choreographer. In addition, it also had the opportunity to be choreographed by Benson Saclag, the son of Mr. Alonzo Saclag, the country’s National Living Treasure from Lubuagan, Kalinga. T
he Dance Company prides itself with is Kalinga Dance suite, the product of collaborative work between the Budong Dance Company of Kalinga headed by Alonzo Saclag and Resident Choreographer Archie Dema-ala of the Hiyas ng Maynilad Dance Company.

</doc>
<doc id="21520208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520208" title="Jenny Shircore">
Jenny Shircore

Jenny Shircore is a British make-up artist. She won the Academy Award for Best Makeup for her work in "Elizabeth". She won a British Academy Film Award in 2010 for her work in "The Young Victoria".
She was born in India to an Armenian father and a French mother, moving to England at age 10.
Shircore was the hair and make-up designer for "My Week with Marilyn".

</doc>
<doc id="21520222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520222" title="Šmihel pod Nanosom">
Šmihel pod Nanosom

Šmihel pod Nanosom (; ) is a village in the eastern foothills of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
To the north of the settlement, a site known as Grad is one of the most important archaeological sites in the Inner Carniola region. This prehistoric site attracted much attention in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, when it was suggested that it was the site of Metalum, one of the main settlement of the Iapydes. Although this is no longer claimed, the site remains one of the most important bases for the definition and chronology of the Iron Age culture known as the Inner Carniola Iron Age Group, with continuous settlement between the 8th and 2nd centuries BC. It is believed the settlement was taken over by the Romans in their 2nd century expansion to the north. As Roman rule was established the settlement was abandoned in the 1st century BC. In 1890 a major hoard of Roman Republican weapons with over 350 artifacts was found at the site. Finds from the site are kept in the Vienna Natural History Museum and the National Museum of Slovenia.
The village church, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to Saint Michael. A second church, next to the cemetery south of the village, is dedicated to Saint George. Both belong to the Parish of Hrenovice.

</doc>
<doc id="21520229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520229" title="Avadhanum Paupiah">
Avadhanum Paupiah

Avadhanum (or Avadhanam) Paupiah was a "dubash", or interpreter in the service of the British East India Company. He was of Telugu origin.
Avadhanum Paupiah joined the service of the British East India Company factory at Madras as a clerk and rose to become "dubash" to the Holland brothers, who served as Governors of Madras.
Paupiah and the Hollands were guilty of trying to "dispose" David Haliburton, an important official and rival of the Hollands. While the Hollands managed to escape to the United Kingdom, Paupiah was convicted and fined. The trial was the subject of a book and the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott, a relative of Haliburton, makes a reference to the episode in his book "The Surgeon's Daughter".
Early life.
Avadhanam Paupiah was born in a Telugu Brahmin family from Nellore, which was then in the princely state of Carnatic. Paupiah had little formal education; however, he was well-versed in his native Telugu. Apart from this, he could also converse in Persian, which was the court language of the princely state and learnt English.
Service with the British East India Company and rise to power.
Paupiah joined the service of the British East India Company at an early age. He worked as a "writer" (clerk who writes or copies documents and papers) in the Sea Customs Department of the British East India Company factory at Madras for sometime and was in charge of keeping the accounts of the Company.
"Dubash" to the Holland brothers.
Soon, Paupiah became the chief "dubash" to the Holland brothers, John Holland and Edward J. Holland. The Holland brothers were powerful and influential officers in the Madras establishment. As "dubash", Paupiah exerted as much influence over the Holland brothers.
The Holland brothers were extremely corrupt and when both of them were elected to the assembly, Paupiah assisted them in the unlawful ways by which they made money. John Holland reached the pinnacle of his career in 1789 when he was appointed Governor of Madras.
John served as Governor from February 7, 1789 to February 13, 1790 and was succeeded by his brother Edward who served just one week. The two brothers amassed a lot of wealth during their terms as Governor. During this time, Paupiah became the most influential Indian in the Presidency; even the Nawab of Arcot had to pass through him to approach the Governor.
The Haliburton affair.
Edward and John Holland found their nemesis in David Haliburton, a member of the Board of Revenue who wished to expose their corrupt practices. Soon, the Hollands grew wary of him and his persistent campaign against them and desired to get rid of him through Paupiah. Paupiah forged evidence against Haliburton and thus brought an end to his period of service in India.
However, the scheme was exposed by Lord Cornwallis, the Governor-General of India who unravelled the corrupt practices of the Hollands. The Hollands managed to escape and sail to England, but Paupiah was convicted along with three other Indians.
Paupiah was tried between July 11 and July 13, 1792 for conspiracy against David Haliburton in the Court of Quarter Sessions presided over by Charles Medows. He was pronounced guilty and sentenced to three years imprisonment and to pay a fine of 2,000 pagodas or one thousand rupees. Avadhanum Paupiah's trial was one of the most famous criminal prosecutions of the time.
Paupiah's trial was the subject of a 1793 book of the same name by David Haliburton, which was co-written by the Scottish writer Sir Walter Scott, who was a close relative of Haliburton. Scott also makes allusions to Avadhanum Paupiah in his novel "The Surgeon's Daughter":

</doc>
<doc id="21520238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520238" title="Vemac RD320R">
Vemac RD320R

The Vemac RD320R is a Japanese Super GT GT300 class prototype racer. The Shiden is a joint venture with a body designed by the Japanese automotive design company Vemac.
References.
the spectifications are reasonably minninmal, 0-60 takes 2.8secs (gts320) 3.3secs (xgtr) max speed as follows-
xgtr- 205 mph
gts320- 251 mph

</doc>
<doc id="21520263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520263" title="Killer Gorilla">
Killer Gorilla

Killer Gorilla is a computer game written by Adrian Stephens and originally published by Micro Power for the BBC Micro in 1983 and ported to the Acorn Electron and Amstrad CPC computers in 1984. It is a clone of Nintendo's "Donkey Kong".
Adrian Stephens was paid 400 pounds for writing "Killer Gorilla". He wrote it at the age of 17 after buying a magazine that had screenshots of "Donkey Kong", and that made him feel like doing something similar.
The game can be played on a PC with a BBC Micro emulator such as BeebEm.
Two other games that Adrian wrote were also published by Micro Power: Escape From Moonbase Alpha, and Mr EE, a clone of Universal's Mr. Do!.
Gameplay.
The game involves controlling a man to reach a fair-haired heiress trapped by a large gorilla at the top of the screen. It is made up of four levels, set higher and higher up a construction site – 25 m, 50 m, 75 m and 100 m.
There are two hammers on the 25 m, 50 m and 100 m levels, with none on the 75 m level. Hammers last for about 10 seconds, as measured by the amount of bonus that ticks away. You cannot climb ladders or jump gaps when holding the hammer.
After completing the four levels, the player returns to the 25 m level and the game repeats, getting progressively faster and with more barrels, custard pies, and fireballs. In addition, the girders on the 25 m level acquire more holes. 
An extra life is awarded when the player completes the 75 m level for the first time.
The character is controlled using Z for left, X for right, and return to jump.
Compilations and sequel.
The game appeared on a number of compilations including "10 Computer Hits" (1985), "Micropower Magic 2" (1986) and Superior Software's highly regarded "Play It Again Sam 3" (1988). "PIAS 3" also included a game called "Killer Gorilla 2" but this was actually a re-titled early Superior Software game. Based on "Donkey Kong Junior" and originally released as "Zany Kong Junior" in 1984, it was soon withdrawn after a cease and desist from Atarisoft who owned the home computer rights to the original game. Ironically, Atarisoft had commissioned Adrian Stephens to officially port "Donkey Kong Junior" to the BBC Micro after seeing "Killer Gorilla" but the game was never released as Atarisoft decided to abandon the BBC platform. This version has since surfaced on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="21520267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520267" title="Vauxhall 30/98">
Vauxhall 30/98

The Vauxhall 30-98 is a car which was manufactured by Vauxhall Motors Limited at Luton, Bedfordshire from 1913 to 1927. In its day, its best-known configuration was the Vauxhall Velox ("velox", "veloc"- being Latin for "swift"/"fleet" and the source of English "velocity") standard 4-seater with open tourer body. Vauxhall's own description was "the 30-98 hp Vauxhall-Velox sporting car". The 30-98 is also known to enthusiasts by Vauxhall's chassis code E.
In 1995 it was authoritatively described as one of Britain's best-known sports cars and in mid 20th century reported by "Automobile Quarterly" to be affectionately known as the last of the Edwardians and decreed as the first and perhaps the best British sports car.
It is a mistake to compare a 30-98 with a Bentley.
Its first 100 years were celebrated in May 2013.
Origin.
The first 30-98 was constructed at the behest of car dealer and motor sport competitor, Joseph Higginson—inventor of the Autovac fuel lifter—who won the Shelsley Walsh hill-climb motoring competition on 7 June 1913 in his new Vauxhall, setting a hill record in the process, having in previous weeks made fastest time of the day at Waddington Pike and Aston Clinton. 
However they were not racing machines but fast touring cars. The exhaust made a tranquillising rumble, there was no howl, no shriek, no wail. But there was the quiet satisfaction, if stripped for action, the car could lap Brooklands at 100 mph, the makers guaranteed that. Some owners had to watch their car be given the test to be reassured.
The 30-98s used the Prince Henry chassis, they were distinguished by having more-or-less flat rather than V-shaped radiators. Laurence Pomeroy took the Prince Henry L-head side-valve engine, bored it out 3 mm, then cold-stretched the crankshaft throws 5 mm using a steam power hammer to lengthen the stroke. The camshaft was given a new chain drive at the front of the engine, high lift cams and new tappet clearances. The Prince Henry chassis was slightly modified and the whole given a narrow alloy four-seater body, a pair of alloy wings (front mudguards) and no doors.
Before war intervened only 13 30-98s were made and they were for selected drivers, the last in 1915 for Percy Kidner a joint managing director (CEO) of Vauxhall. Actual production began in 1919.
The 30-98 name is believed to have been coined because the car had an output of at 1,000 rpm and at 3,000 rpm but another explanation is that it had an RAC horsepower rating of 30 and a cylinder bore of 98 mm though perhaps the most likely of all is that there was then a popular but heavier slower Mercedes 38/90. However it was found, the name 30-98 looked and sounded so well.
Specifications.
Inclusive items and options supplied by the factory.
When production began in 1919 an electric starter would be supplied for an extra £50 though it was standard on Vauxhall's 25 hp car. But Vauxhall did make no separate charge for: electric lighting, a clock, speedometer, spare wheel and tyre, full tool kit and number plates. Customers could choose between a bonnet of plain polished aluminium or have it painted to match the rest of the car. Advertisements for the OE when introduced in 1922 noted the electric lighting now included six lamps, an instrument board lamp and gauges together with both an electric horn and a bulb horn. By 1927 the advertised equipment was limited to: bucket-shaped front seats adjustable for leg room; wire wheels and "Dunlop" cord tyres, two spare wheels and tyres; spring gaiters; luggage grid and windscreen wiper (singular).
Body.
Velox.
The Vauxhall-built Velox four-seater tourer body was the standard coachwork. Though it was light and its appearance elegant, slim and low-sided the lightness meant little comfort in the back seats and the sides were so low "rear passengers might have been warned that they were travelling at their own risk".
The 1920 catalogue included a Vauxhall Velox featherweight coupé to seat two in the interior and with chauffeur's dicky seat, electric lamp in roof and V-shaped windscreen. Though of extremely light construction the wood frame on which the metal panels are laid are contrived to give sufficient strength. The featherweight Velox coupé displayed at the (Scottish) Motor Show painted dark blue below "water line" and black above had nickel fittings and a polished aluminium bonnet and a walnut instrument panel with companion lockers. The coupé was upholstered in blue morocco leather with head lining, carpet, silk cords and laces to match. There were also blinds of a lighter blue silk with tassels. These were special body fittings for the cars in the show and not provided within the advertised price.
Wensum.
There was a mid-twenties fashion for car bodies styled on the lines of motorboats. Described in its advertisement as "an ultra-sporting body" a factory-built boat-tailed open two or three-seater with flared wings called the Wensum was introduced at extra cost in 1924. The third seat really was "for decoration". Works driver, by then works manager, A J Hancock kept a fast motorboat on the River Wensum which has a popular yachting stretch near Norwich.
These bodies were not built on the same production line as the Velox.
A chassis was available for customers who wanted their own special bodies.
Engine.
E.
The engine was a development of the four-cylinder monobloc fixed cylinder head, push rod operated, L-head side-valve engine of the Prince Henry but enlarged to 4,525 cc by increasing the stroke from 140 to 150 mm. The new crankshaft ran in five bearings with pressure fed lubrication. A single Zenith carburettor was fitted. The engine's power output was at 3,000 rpm. 
OE.
In November 1922 it was announced the engine was updated, fitted with overhead valves and detachable cylinder head and renamed OE. The stroke was returned to its original length which gave a slightly smaller capacity of 4,224 cc but power output was up nearly 30% from the original to at 3,300 rpm. Low speed torque was also improved. The car and its wheelbase were lengthened four inches and widened three inches making more room for passengers and more comfortable seating.
Chassis.
The engine was carried in a separate subframe on the ladder type chassis with semi-elliptic leaf springs, a live rear axle of orthodox design and shock-absorbers front and rear. A four-speed gearbox with right hand change was fitted driving the rear wheels through a 3.08:1 straight cut bevel rear axle.
For 1923 with the OE engine the straight cut back axle gear was replaced by a spiral bevel with a higher 3.3:1 reduction ratio. The chassis and wheelbase were lengthened four inches and the chassis was also strengthened by widening the cross-section of the side rails. The body was widened three inches. Rear axle torque was now taken through a banjo-shaped torque arm alongside the propellor shaft.
Steering.
Steering is by worm and complete wheel with a taper and splined drop-arm connection.
Vauxhall brakes.
On 30-98s braking was a mechanical system with the pedal operating a transmission brake. The brakes on the rear wheels were controlled by a large lever (handbrake). Front wheel brakes became available in late 1923, at first operated by Bowden double-cable but hydraulically from 1926.
Brake drums were steel with a riveted cast iron liner. On some cars the drums were finned alloy again with a riveted cast iron liner. The final batch of cars used the 23-60 components and the front drums were very large, again with fins.
The transmission brake—given a slight lead when front brakes were fitted—in a drum behind the gearbox might have been adequate but it was usually full of oil that had leaked from the rear bearing. Then pressure on the pedal just produced a bad smell. A driver with the necessary skills—good hands and an understanding of the effects of the handbrake—could corner fast. Handbrake turns were available in wet weather. "In an emergency, however, braking was a waste of time, the driver must steer, change gear, jump out or pray—perhaps in that order."
With the OE the three brake drums were switched to steel-lined aluminium drums well ribbed for cooling and linings were ferodo. In 1923 a year after the OE's introduction mechanically operated front brakes were added and linked to the pedal which still operated the transmission brake. In 1927 they were replaced by a notoriously temperamental hydraulic system from the pedal to the transmission and, again, just the front wheels.
The hydraulic system introduced in 1927. Back brakes, expanding shoes in enclosed drums, are applied by rods from the hand lever outside the body on the off-side (to the driver's right). Four-wheel brakes actuated by the pedal through a master-plunger operate on the front wheels and on (the back wheels through) the transmission just behind the gearbox. On the front wheels the brakes expand internally within big ribbed enclosed drums and on the transmission the brake contracts. Operation is hydraulic, the transmission brake by having smaller pistons receives only a third of the force. The system is self-adjusting and self-compensating. Equalisation is ensured by the sizes of the plungers. Automatic adjustment is made by the action of a friction ring fitted in a recess in the plunger of the operating system. The front brakes are operated by a quick-thread screw formed by steel balls in grooves. The leading shoe in each wheel is arranged to come on slightly earlier and to release a shade before the other.
On the off-side of the dash, under the bonnet, there is a pressurised oil reservoir maintained at about 7 lbs per sq. in. to save air getting into the system. A spare half-gallon of the special mixture was part of the equipment.
Suspension.
The springs front and back are half elliptical. Behind they are set above the axle with swivel anchorages on the axle sleeves. The forward springs are almost flat-set and they have snubber leaves. There are shock absorbers in front and behind.
Road test opinions.
"A power of acceleration, amazingly swift and smooth, yet perfectly controlled . . . the thrilling characteristics of a racer in a machine tamed to behave in mannerly fashion . . . the engine which gives 100 brake horse power on the bench and which will propel the car at over 80 miles an hour on the level can be throttled down until the vehicle is running smoothly at 12-15 miles an hour." "It is certainly the greediest motor of the touring type that I have driven. I do not mean in petrol but in a straining desire to be allowed to go ever faster."
(OE) " . . . A rapid double-clutch at 50 or even over can be made without a sound, and away she romps with a slight bark of joy on third". . . "The price of the 30-98, so demurely described in the catalogue as a fast touring car, is £1,220
Owner's opinion.
"in spite of my eighteen years experience, I only began to motor in reality since I purchased my 30-98." Quoted by writer Beverly R Kimes in "Automobile Quarterly".
Pricing.
Chassis only
With the Velox body:
When Rolls-Royce announced their new 20 hp car (30-98 rated at 23.8 hp) in December 1922 its prices were:
The first General Motors Vauxhall Cadet, a 4-door 2-litre 6-cylinder saloon, was priced at £280 in 1930, up to a decade later.
Motor Sport.
By 1920 the 30-98 had built itself an enduring reputation in racing as well as on the road. Later, with the OE engine, Vauxhall would guarantee that a car stripped down for competition would be able to attain a top speed of 100 mph (160 km/h)
After the war 30-98s were never raced by the factory which had no significant competition department but they were campaigned successfully by private owners. Rather than following the frequent pre-1914 pattern of ever larger engines for competition results, its success depended less on brute strength (size of engine—and that was always 4 cylinders) and more on overall excellence of design and sturdiness of construction.
Final production run.
The last cars were made in 1927 and these engines were given a balanced crankshaft allowing them to be tuned to at 3,500 rpm. They also have a closer ratio gearbox.

</doc>
<doc id="21520276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520276" title="Joseph-Octave Mousseau">
Joseph-Octave Mousseau

Joseph-Octave Mousseau (August 2, 1875 – December 2, 1965) was a lawyer and political figure in Quebec. He represented Soulanges in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1904 to 1914 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Saint-Polycarpe, Quebec, the son of Joseph-Octave Mousseau and Rose-Avelina Cadieux. Mousseau studied at Collège Bourget at Rigaud and the Université Laval; he was called to the Quebec bar in 1897 and set up practice in Montreal. In 1899, he married Clara Gagné. Mousseau was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in a 1902 by-election. He was named King's Counsel in 1909. He served as party whip from 1913 to 1914. He resigned his seat in 1914 after being accused of corruption in the "Montreal Daily Mail"; these accusations were found to be justified by a committee of the assembly. In 1917, he married his cousin Annette, the daughter of Joseph-Alfred Mousseau. He was married a third time, to Cécile Langlois, in 1955. Mousseau died in Montreal at the age of 90 and was buried in Notre-Dame-des-Neiges Cemetery.
His sister Hortense married Joseph-Rodolphe Ouimet.

</doc>
<doc id="21520288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520288" title="A Tribute to the Four Horsemen">
A Tribute to the Four Horsemen

A Tribute to the Four Horsemen is a tribute album to heavy metal band Metallica. It was re-issued by Nuclear Blast Records in 2003 with a slightly different track listing. The album contains covers of songs by Metallica from "Kill 'Em All" to "ReLoad", but omits "Load".

</doc>
<doc id="21520305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520305" title="John Webster (minister)">
John Webster (minister)

John Webster (1610–1682), also known as Johannes Hyphastes, was an English cleric, physician and chemist with occult interests, a proponent of astrology and a sceptic about witchcraft. He is known for controversial works.
Life.
Webster was born at Thornton in Craven in Yorkshire. He claimed education at the University of Cambridge. Although there is no evidence for this, his writing displays a learned style.
Webster studied under the Hungarian alchemist Johannes Huniades (János Bánfi-Hunyadi), who is known to have lectured at Gresham College.
Webster became a curate in Kildwick in 1634. He has been linked to Roger Brearley, the Grindletonian leader active at this period in Kildwick (three years earlier); and classified as an Antinomian. During the First English Civil War, Webster left his position as a teacher in Clitheroe and became a surgeon and army chaplain in the Parliamentarian forces. At a later point he was with the forces of Colonel Richard Shuttleworth. In 1648 he became vicar at Mitton. From a Grindeltonian convert, he moved closer to Quaker views. He has been called a Seeker.
He preached with William Erbery on 12 October 1653 in a dispute with two London ministers. Disorder resulted after Erbery took a particularly aggressive line against the established clergy. At this point he was minister at All Hallows, Lombard Street. 
In the late 1650s Webster was again in Clitheroe. In 1658 he was arrested and had papers seized. He gave up the ministry, and practiced as a physician. He died at Clitheroe
Works on education.
In "The Saints Guide" (1653) he rejected the worldly wisdom taught in schools as of no spiritual value. He made the case against any kind of university-educated clergy. Austin Woolrych considers this pamphlet, dated April 1653, was probably a response to the dissolution of the Rump Parliament. 
The "Academiarum Examen" of 1654 made detailed proposals for the reform of the university curriculum; it was dedicated to General John Lambert, a highly placed officer of the New Model Army. While arguing as a Baconian, Webster wanted to combine ideas from the experimental philosophy of the time with those of astrology and alchemy.
Webster was interested in some of the ideas of Comenius, for example the idea of a "real character"; he connected this with Egyptian hieroglyphs. Behind this is the conception of an Adamic language, and the recovery of Adam's knowledge from before the fall. He also advocated for the teaching of the works of Robert Fludd, and others such as Paracelsus. He was satisfied with neither the theological nor the medical training on offer.
When the Royal Society was set up, after the Restoration, Webster welcomed it.
Authors mentioned in the "Academiarum Examen".
The "Examen" has 11 chapters, and builds up to the discussion in Chapter X of what in Aristotle’s teaching should be retained, and how amended. On the way, Webster introduces and marshals many modern authors, and a few scholastic and other medieval names, to illustrate his version of a new curriculum. Excluding classical authors and Church Fathers, at first appearance they comprise the following:
According to Frances Yates:
Controversy over the "Academiarum Examen".
A reply from the Oxford academics Seth Ward and John Wilkins, in "Vindiciae Academiarum" (1654) was used by them as an opportunity to defend a more moderate programme of updating, partly put in place already. Ward and Wilkins put the case that Webster was ignorant of recent changes, and inconsistent in championing both Bacon and Fludd, whose methods were incompatible. Wilkins suggested Webster might be well matched with Alexander Ross: Ross was a most conservative supporter of Aristotle, who with Galen was Webster's main target in the classical authorities, and Wilkins had defended the Copernican system against Ross in a long controversy running from the late 1630s to the mid-1640s.
Ward and Wilkins used the same publication to argue against others (William Dell and Thomas Hobbes) who had been attacking the old universities of Cambridge and Oxford. Other opponents of the "Examen" were Thomas Hall and George Wither.
The long-running Hobbes-Wallis controversy was a by-product of this debate. It has also been taken as symptomatic of a developing split separating on academic issues the circle of Samuel Hartlib, close in views and sympathies to Webster, from those in the universities who in religious terms would be allies, on the issues of practical applications, and also the status of astrology, chemistry after Paracelsus and van Helmont, and pansophism.
Other works.
He edited William Erbery's works and wrote his biography in 1658, as "The Testimony of William Erbery". 
"Metallographia" (1671) was a chemical work. It attributed to minerals the property of growth. He had a corpuscle theory of matter, described as intermediate between those of Kenelm Digby and Herman Boerhaave. It also drew on the work of Robert Boyle; but the strong influence was that of Jan Baptist van Helmont This book was one that Isaac Newton used in his own alchemical work. Daniel Georg Morhof criticised it as largely a compilation from German authors (Boyle was not mentioned); the views of Johann Pharamund Rhumelius were given at length.
His "The Displaying of Supposed Witchcraft" (1677) was a critical and sceptical review of evidence for witchcraft. According to Hugh Trevor-Roper, this is not an innovative work, but at the level of that of Johann Weyer. He opposed Henry More and Joseph Glanvill, who were arguing for the reality of witches. Webster went as far as suggesting that the Bible had been mistranslated to support that belief. It was translated into German, being published in 1719 at Halle where Christian Thomasius had made his scepticism an academic point of view. In the same year he defended the reputation of John Dee against Meric Casaubon. He had recommended Dee in the "Examen", and was a proponent of natural magic. More edited Glanvill's earlier works on witchcraft, attacked by Webster, together with material of his own, as a reply, which appeared under Glanvill's name but after his death as the influential "Saducismus Triumphatus".

</doc>
<doc id="21520308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520308" title="Percy Jory">
Percy Jory

Percy Jory (born 21 December 1888) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Jory came to St Kilda from Tasmania and soon established a place in their side as a forward who could play in the ruck. He was a half forward flanker in the 1913 VFL Grand Final loss to Fitzroy and two seasons later got suspended for 12 matches after being found guilty of elbowing an opponent. During the war he served in the AIF, playing in Bruce Sloss's Third Australian Divisional Team in London.
When he returned home he rejoined St Kilda briefly and then began umpiring matches in the country. He umpired three VFL games as a field umpire in 1925 and from 1934 to 1942 he made 123 appearances as a goal umpire.

</doc>
<doc id="21520321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520321" title="Alto guitar">
Alto guitar

Alto guitar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21520332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520332" title="Luigi Perenni">
Luigi Perenni

Luigi Perenni, before 1934 Prenn, (born "Alois Prenn", June 6, 1913 – August 28, 1943) was an Italian military officer and skier.
Perenni, son of Vincenzo Prenn, was born in Kiens and grew up in Innichen. As a soldier of the Italian Army he placed 3rd in the 18 km cross-country skiing event of the Italian mastership of 1933. In 1934 he was transferred to the new founded mountain warfare school of the Italian Army called "Scuola Militare di Alpinismo" (today: Centro Addestramento Alpino).
In the rank of a Sergente he was with Enrico Silvestri, Stefano Sertorelli and Sisto Scilligo member of the military patrol team, which won the gold medal at the 1936 Winter Olympics. 
Together with his colleagues Francesco Vida and Carlo Ronc he won the Trofeo Mezzalama, and in the following year once more together Giuseppe Fabre and Anselmo Viviani. At the relay event of the "Sport invernali Mondiali" he finished 3rd together with Achille Compagnoni, Maurizio Celeste and Giovani Fantoni.
When he died in Cervinia in a mountaineering accident during a military exercise, he had the rank of a Tenente.
The "Luigi Perenni" barracks in Courmayeur are named in his honor. His brother Giovanni was also a successful skier.
Further notable results were:

</doc>
<doc id="21520334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520334" title="Wreck of the Grosvenor">
Wreck of the Grosvenor

The Wreck of the "Grosvenor", an East Indiaman, occurred on 4 August 1782 on the Pondoland coast of South Africa, north of the mouth of the Umzimvubu River. The shipwreck was close to the place where the Portuguese ship, "São João", had gone down more than two centuries earlier on 8 June 1552. The "Grosvenor" was a three-masted ship of 729 tons on her return voyage to England when she was wrecked, carrying a crew of 132 and 18 passengers (12 adults and 6 children), and a cargo valued at £75,000. Of the 123 survivors, only 18 reached Cape Town and were repatriated, the remainder dying of their privations or being killed by, or joining with, Bantu tribes. Four survivors, Robert Price, Thomas Lewis, John Warmington, and Barney Larey, eventually got back to England.
History.
The "Grosvenor" had left Madras in March 1782 under the command of Captain Coxon, falling in with Admiral Hughes' fleet. On 13 June 1782, she set sail for England from Trincomalee in Ceylon. 
Sailing west near the Cape coast at 1 am and while adjusting the sails to ride out a gale, the crew noticed lights to the west, but dismissed them as something akin to the northern lights. When the lights presently disappeared, they were given no further thought. As it turned out, the lights were grassfires burning on a headland directly on their course, and their disappearance was due to their being hidden by the brow of the hill. At 4 am, Thomas Lewis reported that he thought he could see land, but the idea was rejected by the commanding officer of the watch, a Mr. Beale, as everyone on board was certain that they were at least out to sea. The quartermaster Mixon, after some hesitation, alerted the captain, who instantly came on deck and tried to bring the ship about. During this change of tack, the ship ran aground on the rocks. In the darkness, the crew firmly believed that as they were a long way from land, they had struck an uncharted island or reef. With a change in the wind direction, the captain felt that they could refloat the "Grosvenor" and run her aground in some more convenient place. However, as soon as the ship twisted around, its freed bows started taking on water and it became clear to all that she would have been better off left on the rocks.
Port Grosvenor and Sidney Turner.
The first attempt at salvage was reported on 20 May 1880 by the paper "Natal Mercury", in an article stating that Captain Sidney Turner and a friend, Lieut Beddoes, of the Durban Volunteer Artillery, had set off for Port St Johns in the vessel "Adonis", had proceeded to the wreck and commenced blasting the rocks with dynamite, retrieving Indian coins and Venetian ducats as well as several ship's cannon, two of which were later displayed at the Local History Museum in Durban. In 1867, Turner and his brother-in-law, Walter Compton, had bought of undeveloped Crown land on the Natal South Coast between Umkomaas and the present village of Clansthal, and called the property "Ellingham". 
In 1881, from the profits of his salvage, Turner floated a company and commissioned the construction of a small coastal steamer, the "Lady Wood", built in Greenwich. Another investor was George Hall Rennie, son of shipping magnate John T. Rennie, who came into possession of one of the "Grosvenor"'s cannon. Turner also had a local silversmith produce a goblet from recovered silver rupees, an item which also found its way to the Local History Museum. 
By the beginning of 1885, a local chief Mqikela, who had become disaffected with the British government and wanted to develop his own harbour, concluded an agreement with Turner, in which Turner was granted 20,000 acres of land, including the coastline on which the "Grosvenor" had foundered. In return for this, Turner was to select a suitable site for a harbour and undertake the necessary construction work. The site chosen for this new venture was at the mouth of the Mkweni River, close to the site of the "Grosvenor" wreck. Turner named it Port Grosvenor. 
As Port Captain and harbourmaster, Turner collected customs dues and managed the harbour and pilotage. Turner was obliged by his financial circumstances to resign himself to this situation as he, by 1884, had a family of seven children and a wife to support. Despite objections from the Cape Government the port was officially opened.
The Cape Government later declared Turner's concession illegal under tribal law, and he forfeited the land, his home and his position. The family moved to Port St Johns and Port Grosvenor faded into obscurity, the last ship calling there in January 1886 being the London-built coaster "SS Somtseu", named for Theophilus Shepstone.

</doc>
<doc id="21520374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520374" title="Bierzów, Opole Voivodeship">
Bierzów, Opole Voivodeship

Bierzów (German "Bierzdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Skarbimierz, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 195.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520375" title="Brzezina, Brzeg County">
Brzezina, Brzeg County

Brzezina (German "Briesen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Skarbimierz, west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520379" title="Kruszyna, Opole Voivodeship">
Kruszyna, Opole Voivodeship

Kruszyna (German "Schonau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Skarbimierz, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520380" title="Lipki, Opole Voivodeship">
Lipki, Opole Voivodeship

Lipki (German "Linden") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520382" title="Łukowice Brzeskie">
Łukowice Brzeskie

Łukowice Brzeskie (German "Laugwitz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Skarbimierz, west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 654.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520384" title="Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi">
Heinrich von Coudenhove-Kalergi

Heinrich Johann Maria von Coudenhove-Kalergi (October 12, 1859 – May 14, 1906), also known as Heinrich Coudenhove-Kalergi and until 1903 Graf von Coudenhove, was an Austrian traveller and diplomat of the Coudenhove-Kalergi family. He was born in Vienna and died in Ronsberg, Western Bohemia (today Poběžovice in the Czech Republic). He spoke 18 languages (including Turkish, Arabic, Hebrew and Japanese) and his postings included ones to Athens, Rio de Janeiro, Constantinople and Buenos Aires.
He was then made Deputy Minister of Austria-Hungary to Japan where he remained for 4 years, studying Buddhism and marrying a young Japanese woman from a Samurai-turned-merchant family, Mitsuko Aoyama. They had 7 children including Richard Nikolaus Graf von Coudenhove-Kalergi, best known for his role in establishing the Pan-European movement.

</doc>
<doc id="21520386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520386" title="Pawłów, Opole Voivodeship">
Pawłów, Opole Voivodeship

Pawłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Skarbimierz, south of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520387" title="Pępice, Opole Voivodeship">
Pępice, Opole Voivodeship

Pępice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Skarbimierz, south-west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520388" title="Prędocin, Opole Voivodeship">
Prędocin, Opole Voivodeship

Prędocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520391" title="Skarbimierz, Opole Voivodeship">
Skarbimierz, Opole Voivodeship

Skarbimierz is a village in Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skarbimierz. It lies approximately south-west of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 191.
From 2007, as part of the Wałbrzych Special Economic Zone, UK confectioner Cadbury started building a £100m chewing gum plant in the area. The factory was then expanded to include chocolate production, moving the majority of the products made at the Somerdale Factory in Keynsham, Bristol to the site.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520392" title="Skarbimierz Osiedle">
Skarbimierz Osiedle

Skarbimierz Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Skarbimierz, south-west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,845.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520394" title="Zielęcice, Opole Voivodeship">
Zielęcice, Opole Voivodeship

Zielęcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520395" title="Żłobizna">
Żłobizna

Żłobizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520396" title="Zwanowice">
Zwanowice

Zwanowice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21520400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520400" title="Zwanowice, Brzeg County">
Zwanowice, Brzeg County

Zwanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Skarbimierz, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II"). Zwanowice is the birthplace of SS Obergruppenführer Udo von Woyrsch (1895–1983).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520408" title="Bąków, Brzeg County">
Bąków, Brzeg County

Bąków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520413" title="Bogdanów, Opole Voivodeship">
Bogdanów, Opole Voivodeship

Bogdanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520415" title="Gałązczyce">
Gałązczyce

Gałązczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520416" title="Gierów">
Gierów

Gierów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520417" title="Stickies (papermaking)">
Stickies (papermaking)

When recycling post-consumer paper, stickies are tacky substances contained in the paper pulp and process water systems of paper machines. Stickies have a large tendency to make deposits on the processing equipment in certain stages of the papermaking process. Contaminations of paper that are classified as tacky are also called stickies. The main sources for stickies are recycled paper, waxes, and soft adhesives.
Composition.
Stickies are an indefinite mixture of organic compounds, with the main part being different esters. The components might stem from:
Properties.
Stickies that pass through a slotted plate screen of 0.10 - 0.15 mm are called "micro stickies". Micro stickies can be finely dispersed (100 µm - 100 nm), colloidal (100 - 10 nm) or molecularly dissolved (< 10 nm). Macro stickies are those which are retained as screening residue. The reason for this classification is that macro stickies are easy to remove from the deinked pulp during the deinking process by means of filtration. Micro stickies are transported with the pulp to the paper machine and might agglomerate and cause problematic deposits there.
Stickies often have thermoplastic properties.
Chemical-physical alterations like pH, temperature and charge changes might cause colloidal destabilization and agglomeration of micro stickies.
Stickies control.
Several control methods are used:

</doc>
<doc id="21520419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520419" title="Głębocko, Opole Voivodeship">
Głębocko, Opole Voivodeship

Głębocko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520420" title="Gnojna">
Gnojna

Gnojna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II") and had the name Olbendorf.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520421" title="Gola Grodkowska">
Gola Grodkowska

Gola Grodkowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520422" title="Jaszów">
Jaszów

Jaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520424" title="Jędrzejów (disambiguation)">
Jędrzejów (disambiguation)

Jędrzejów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21520426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520426" title="Henry Frederick Strohecker">
Henry Frederick Strohecker

Henry Frederick Strohecker (October 15, 1905 Macon -November 14, 1988, Coral Gables) was an American entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera especially Endomychidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21520430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520430" title="Jędrzejów, Opole Voivodeship">
Jędrzejów, Opole Voivodeship

Jędrzejów (German "Endersdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520432" title="Jeszkotle">
Jeszkotle

Jeszkotle (German "Jäschkittel") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520433" title="Campus Special Investigator Hikaruon">
Campus Special Investigator Hikaruon

The opening theme of the OVA is "Rekkuu! Gakuen Tokusou Hikaruon ~Theme Of Hikaruon~" by Kumi Kaneko and Akira Kushida.

</doc>
<doc id="21520434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520434" title="Kobiela, Opole Voivodeship">
Kobiela, Opole Voivodeship

Kobiela (German "Kühschmalz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520435" title="Kolnica, Opole Voivodeship">
Kolnica, Opole Voivodeship

Kolnica (German "Lichtenberg") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520438" title="Kopice, Opole Voivodeship">
Kopice, Opole Voivodeship

Kopice (German: "Koppitz", 1936-1945 "Schwarzengrund") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II"). The Schaffgotsch noble family left a Neo-Gothic palace, today in ruins.
The village has a population of 1,200.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520442" title="Lipowa, Brzeg County">
Lipowa, Brzeg County

Lipowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520446" title="Lubcz, Opole Voivodeship">
Lubcz, Opole Voivodeship

Lubcz (German "Leuppusch") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520447" title="Mikołajowa">
Mikołajowa

Mikołajowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520449" title="Młodoszowice">
Młodoszowice

Młodoszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520450" title="Nowa Wieś Mała, Gmina Grodków">
Nowa Wieś Mała, Gmina Grodków

Nowa Wieś Mała (German "Klein Neudorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520451" title="Osiek Grodkowski">
Osiek Grodkowski

Osiek Grodkowski (German "Osseg") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520452" title="Polana, Opole Voivodeship">
Polana, Opole Voivodeship

Polana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520455" title="Przylesie Dolne">
Przylesie Dolne

Przylesie Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520456" title="Rogów, Opole Voivodeship">
Rogów, Opole Voivodeship

Rogów (German "Rogau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520457" title="Starowice">
Starowice

Starowice may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="21520458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520458" title="Starowice, Brzeg County">
Starowice, Brzeg County

Starowice Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520460" title="Strzegów, Opole Voivodeship">
Strzegów, Opole Voivodeship

Strzegów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520462" title="Sulisław, Opole Voivodeship">
Sulisław, Opole Voivodeship

Sulisław (German "Zülzhof") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520465" title="Tarnów Grodkowski">
Tarnów Grodkowski

Tarnów Grodkowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520467" title="Więcmierzyce">
Więcmierzyce

Więcmierzyce (German "Winzenberg") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520468" title="Wierzbna, Opole Voivodeship">
Wierzbna, Opole Voivodeship

Wierzbna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520470" title="Wierzbnik, Opole Voivodeship">
Wierzbnik, Opole Voivodeship

Wierzbnik (German "Herzogswalde") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520472" title="Wojnowiczki">
Wojnowiczki

Wojnowiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520475" title="Wojsław, Opole Voivodeship">
Wojsław, Opole Voivodeship

Wojsław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520477" title="Wójtowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Wójtowice, Opole Voivodeship

Wójtowice (German "Voigtsdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520479" title="Żarów, Opole Voivodeship">
Żarów, Opole Voivodeship

Żarów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520483" title="Żelazna, Brzeg County">
Żelazna, Brzeg County

Żelazna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Grodków, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520484" title="Zielonkowice">
Zielonkowice

Zielonkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Grodków, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520486" title="Minister Jade">
Minister Jade

Minister Jade is a fictional character, created by writer-artist Steve Bialik and featured in the graphic novel of the same name published by Cellar Door Publishing in July 2008.
Character Background.
In Yuan Dynasty China a down-on-his-luck former government official named Zhen Wenxiu tries to commit suicide by jumping into the stormy sea, but is instead carried off to the mysterious Island of Living Jade. There he is met by two green-skinned dwarves who question him as to the state of their former home, China. When Wenxiu informs them that it has been conquered by the Mongols and transformed into a land of oppression and injustice, the dwarves give him a magical belt of Living Jade and encourage him to use its power to free China from the Mongol yoke. But the prestige-hungry Wenxiu chooses to serve rather than destroy the occupying regime. He insinuates himself into the retinue of Mongol emperor Khubilai Khan and basks in the wealth and status of his new position. Meanwhile, a mad cult leader named Wanyao Wang is on a mission to destroy all of China with a dread mist that turns people into solid gold. Wenxiu eventually uncovers this plot and wants to act, but Khubilai Khan urges him to focus his attention instead on the impending invasion of Japan. Realizing that Khubilai cares more about his imperial ambitions than the people of China, Wenxiu finally breaks away from him and sets out to stop Wanyayo Wang. In the end he gives up the life of a high-ranking minister for that of a poor but honorable hero.
Art Style.
Minister Jade is drawn in the style of traditional Chinese figure paintings and woodcut prints, employing static poses, limited camera angles, crude perspective, and highly stylized natural scenery.
Awards.
YALSA (Young Adult Library Services Association) Great Graphic Novels for Teens, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="21520491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520491" title="Błażejowice, Brzeg County">
Błażejowice, Brzeg County

Błażejowice is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520492" title="Borkowice, Brzeg County">
Borkowice, Brzeg County

Borkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520493" title="Buszyce, Opole Voivodeship">
Buszyce, Opole Voivodeship

Buszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520496" title="Chróścina, Brzeg County">
Chróścina, Brzeg County

Chróścina (German "Weißdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520498" title="Golczowice, Brzeg County">
Golczowice, Brzeg County

Golczowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520499" title="Jasiona, Brzeg County">
Jasiona, Brzeg County

Jasiona is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520500" title="Kantorowice">
Kantorowice

Kantorowice may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="21520501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520501" title="Kantorowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Kantorowice, Opole Voivodeship

Kantorowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520502" title="Leśniczówka, Opole Voivodeship">
Leśniczówka, Opole Voivodeship

Leśniczówka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520503" title="Łosiów">
Łosiów

Łosiów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520506" title="Mikolin">
Mikolin

Mikolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520509" title="Niwa, Opole Voivodeship">
Niwa, Opole Voivodeship

Niwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520512" title="Nowa Wieś Mała, Gmina Lewin Brzeski">
Nowa Wieś Mała, Gmina Lewin Brzeski

Nowa Wieś Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520513" title="Oldrzyszowice">
Oldrzyszowice

Oldrzyszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520515" title="Piaski, Opole Voivodeship">
Piaski, Opole Voivodeship

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="21520516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520516" title="Hokke-ji">
Hokke-ji

, is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nara, Japan.
Hokke-ji was built by Empress Kōmyō in 745, originally as a nunnery temple on the grounds where previously her father Fujiwara no Fuhito's mansion stood. According to records kept by the temple, the initial construction went on until around 782. The temple once had a large complex with several halls and gates, and two pagodas.
Hokke-ji was heavily damaged in the fierce Siege of Nara, in 1180. In spite of reconstructions in the 12th and 13th centuries, the complex was again affected by civil conflicts during the Sengoku period.
The current main hall, bell tower and the south gate are reconstructions of the 16th century, sponsored by Toyotomi Hideyori and his mother, Lady Yodo. 
The temple's main worship statue is the wooden eleven-faced Kannon, a National Treasure. The temple also houses an ancient bath building, originally built by Empress Kōmyō, which she opened to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="21520517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520517" title="True faith">
True faith

True faith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21520518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520518" title="Przecza">
Przecza

Przecza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520519" title="Ptakowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Ptakowice, Opole Voivodeship

Ptakowice (German "Tachenberg") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Lewin Brzeski, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520521" title="Raski">
Raski

Raski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520523" title="Różyna, Opole Voivodeship">
Różyna, Opole Voivodeship

Różyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520524" title="Sarny Małe">
Sarny Małe

Sarny Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lewin Brzeski, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520525" title="Skorogoszcz">
Skorogoszcz

Skorogoszcz (German "Schurgast") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520526" title="Stroszowice">
Stroszowice

Stroszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520528" title="Strzelniki, Opole Voivodeship">
Strzelniki, Opole Voivodeship

Strzelniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lewin Brzeski, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520530" title="Wronów, Opole Voivodeship">
Wronów, Opole Voivodeship

Wronów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520534" title="Eleven-string alto guitar">
Eleven-string alto guitar

The eleven-string alto guitar or altgitarr is an extended-range classical guitar developed by Swedish luthier Georg Bolin in the 1960s.
Original Bolin instruments are now rare and valuable. The Bolin alto guitar most often has eleven strings, but a thirteen-string version also exists.
The 11-string alto guitar is one of the multi-string classical guitars which generally refers to types of classical guitars that have more than 6 strings. Multi-string guitars typically range from 7 to 13 strings, with exceptions of more strings. However, 11-string is the most often used for performance of lute music, particularly Bach and Weiss.
The first 6 strings are tuned in the same interval with the normal classic guitars. Therefore, normal guitar music can be played on 11-string alto guitar with the same fingering.
In the United States, luthier Walter Stanul makes performance instruments ranging from 11 to 13-strings called the Archguitar. The design and the body shape of this guitar is similar to vihuela and thus it is fundamentally different from the one designed by Bolin.
History.
Georg Bolin first constructed 11-string alto guitar with collaboration with Swedish guitarist Per-Olof Johnson in 1960s. Johnson is the teacher of a well-known guitarist Göran Söllscher who made this instrument famous through his extensive usage of Bolin's 11-string alto guitar.
Johnson was very fond of lute music, but the difference in playing techniques between guitar and lute is significant and he was looking for a way to be able to approach lute music on the guitar playing technique. Thus the goal of the design was specifically to be able to play renaissance lute music directly from original tabs using guitar playing technique.
This design goal introduced two main characteristics. The first is to tune the first 6 strings minor third higher (hence the name "alto guitar") in order to assimilate the lute tuning. It is equivalent to putting a capo on the third fret of the normal prime guitar. The second is to add five extra strings for lower notes.
Tuning.
The typical tuning of 11-string alto guitar is (from high to low strings): g d a f c G F Eb D C B.
Makers.
Current luthiers who build 11-string alto guitars are primarily located in Sweden, such as Heikki Rousu and Roger Strömberg. Ermanno Chiavi in Switzerland is known for his 13-string guitar built for Anders Miolin, but he also builds 11-string guitar as well. It should be noted that Chiavi's guitar has the scale length of normal classical guitar of 650mm which is tuned in the same manner with classical guitar. Therefore, it is technically not an "alto" guitar. Yoshimitsu Hoshino in Japan built 11-string alto guitars with the same specification with Bolin's design in 1980s. However, he no longer makes them.
Performers.
Some of the guitarists who use the instrument are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21520541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520541" title="Błota, Opole Voivodeship">
Błota, Opole Voivodeship

Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lubsza, north of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520544" title="Borek, Brzeg County">
Borek, Brzeg County

Borek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520546" title="Borucice, Opole Voivodeship">
Borucice, Opole Voivodeship

Borucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520547" title="Boruta, Opole Voivodeship">
Boruta, Opole Voivodeship

Boruta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520548" title="Czepielowice">
Czepielowice

Czepielowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520550" title="Dobrzyń, Opole Voivodeship">
Dobrzyń, Opole Voivodeship

Dobrzyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubsza, south-west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520553" title="Garbów, Opole Voivodeship">
Garbów, Opole Voivodeship

Garbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubsza, north-west of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520554" title="Night of the Living Baseheads">
Night of the Living Baseheads

"Night of the Living Baseheads" is the third single released by hip hop group Public Enemy, from their critically acclaimed album "It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back". The lyrics deal with the effects of crack cocaine on African-Americans during the 1980s crack epidemic, referring to the slang for cocaine "base". The song reached #62 on the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
The song uses more samples than any other song on the album, a total of 20 (including the sample of Chuck D saying "Bass!" at the start of the song "Bring the Noise"). The chorus of the song asks "How low can you go?", refers to a person degrading himself/herself, rather than a dance. The title is a reference to the film "Night of the Living Dead", equating people addicted to crack cocaine with zombies. 
The group Digital AssassinsD did a cover of this song entitled "Return of the Living Bassheads (Somethin' Really Bad)." This cover was featured on video games such as Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX 2 and BMX XXX. The group Insane Clown Posse also did a cover of this track that was entitled "Night of the Living Bassheads". This cover is to be released for The Mighty Death Pop!'s bonus cover album "Smothered, Covered & Chunked".
Music video.
The song had a unique, six-minute video presented as a television channel with news anchors and commercials. The music video features MC Lyte as a reporter and Flavor Flav appears as co-anchor of a fictional T.V. news program, PETV. The video shows footage of the Audubon Ballroom in Washington Heights, New York City (After Malcolm X left the Nation of Islam in 1964, he founded the Organization of Afro-American Unity (OAAU). The weekly meetings of the OAAU were held at the Audubon Ballroom and it was at one of those meetings, on February 21, 1965, that Malcolm X was assassinated.) During the video, MC Lyte searches for 'baseheads' and finds them on Wall Street where executives are caught sniffing cocaine, pointing out that drug use is viewed differently among black and white communities. In another scene, Chuck D is captured by the racist, anti-rap group the "Brown Bags". In the middle of the music video, a T.V. commercial is shown of a "beeper tie" which allows drug dealers to appear respectable, and in another scene a reporter investigates a crack house, showing what crack addiction does to families.

</doc>
<doc id="21520556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520556" title="Kopalina, Brzeg County">
Kopalina, Brzeg County

Kopalina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520558" title="Kościerzyce">
Kościerzyce

Kościerzyce (German "Gross Neudorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 990.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520560" title="Książkowice">
Książkowice

Książkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520561" title="Lednica, Opole Voivodeship">
Lednica, Opole Voivodeship

Lednica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Lubsza, north of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520563" title="Leśna Woda">
Leśna Woda

Leśna Woda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520567" title="Lubicz, Opole Voivodeship">
Lubicz, Opole Voivodeship

Lubicz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520569" title="Lubsza, Opole Voivodeship">
Lubsza, Opole Voivodeship

Lubsza is a village in Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lubsza. It lies approximately north-east of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520577" title="Mąkoszyce, Opole Voivodeship">
Mąkoszyce, Opole Voivodeship

Mąkoszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520579" title="Michałowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Michałowice, Opole Voivodeship

Michałowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubsza, north of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520581" title="Myśliborzyce, Opole Voivodeship">
Myśliborzyce, Opole Voivodeship

Myśliborzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 148.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520582" title="Nowe Kolnie">
Nowe Kolnie

Nowe Kolnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubsza, east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520586" title="Nowy Świat, Opole Voivodeship">
Nowy Świat, Opole Voivodeship

Nowy Świat is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520588" title="Piastowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Piastowice, Opole Voivodeship

Piastowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubsza, north of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="21520590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520590" title="Pisarzowice, Brzeg County">
Pisarzowice, Brzeg County

Pisarzowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lubsza and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520592" title="Raciszów">
Raciszów

Raciszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520595" title="Rogalice">
Rogalice

Rogalice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520596" title="Roszkowice, Brzeg County">
Roszkowice, Brzeg County

Roszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520597" title="Śmiechowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Śmiechowice, Opole Voivodeship

Śmiechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520600" title="Stawy, Opole Voivodeship">
Stawy, Opole Voivodeship

Stawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lubsza, east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520602" title="Szydłowice">
Szydłowice

Szydłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520603" title="McVicker">
McVicker

McVicker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21520605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520605" title="Tarnowiec, Opole Voivodeship">
Tarnowiec, Opole Voivodeship

Tarnowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Lubsza, north-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520607" title="Zamcze">
Zamcze

Zamcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520610" title="Złotówka">
Złotówka

Złotówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland. It lies approximately southeast of Lubsza, east of Brzeg, and northwest of the regional capital Opole. Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The name is also a colloquial name for the Polish one zloty coin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520617" title="Gierszowice">
Gierszowice

Gierszowice (German "Giersdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Olszanka, south of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520621" title="Jankowice Wielkie">
Jankowice Wielkie

Jankowice Wielkie (German "Gross Jenkwitz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Olszanka, south of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 750.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520622" title="Janów, Opole Voivodeship">
Janów, Opole Voivodeship

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520624" title="Zafarobod District">
Zafarobod District

Zafarobod District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21520626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520626" title="Krzyżowice, Brzeg County">
Krzyżowice, Brzeg County

Krzyżowice (German "Kreisewitz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Olszanka, south of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520627" title="Michałów, Opole Voivodeship">
Michałów, Opole Voivodeship

Michałów (German "Michelau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeg and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520629" title="Obórki, Opole Voivodeship">
Obórki, Opole Voivodeship

Obórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brzeg and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520630" title="Olszanka, Opole Voivodeship">
Olszanka, Opole Voivodeship

Olszanka is a village in Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Olszanka. It lies approximately south of Brzeg and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the village of "Alzenau" (in German) was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520633" title="Pogorzela, Opole Voivodeship">
Pogorzela, Opole Voivodeship

Pogorzela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeg and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520635" title="Przylesie, Opole Voivodeship">
Przylesie, Opole Voivodeship

Przylesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Olszanka, south-west of Brzeg, and west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520644" title="Biernatówek">
Biernatówek

Biernatówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520647" title="Dobrogostów">
Dobrogostów

Dobrogostów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520650" title="Głubczyce-Las">
Głubczyce-Las

Głubczyce-Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520655" title="Klisinko">
Klisinko

Klisinko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520656" title="Bogdanowice Kolonia">
Bogdanowice Kolonia

Bogdanowice Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520663" title="Marysieńka, Opole Voivodeship">
Marysieńka, Opole Voivodeship

Marysieńka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520671" title="Podlesie, Głubczyce County">
Podlesie, Głubczyce County

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520677" title="Studzienica, Opole Voivodeship">
Studzienica, Opole Voivodeship

Studzienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520679" title="Żabczyce">
Żabczyce

Żabczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520683" title="List of leading rugby union drop goal scorers">
List of leading rugby union drop goal scorers

This is a list of the leading drop goal scorers in Rugby union Test matches, with a minimum of 10 Test drop goals. Unlike in cricket, where both nations must recognise a match as a Test in order for it to have Test status, rugby union considers a match to have Test status if one nation recognises it as a Test. Composite teams made up of players selected from multiple unions—specifically the British and Irish Lions and Pacific Islanders—are also considered Test teams because they are selected by a group of recognised national governing bodies. Note, however, that if one nation grants a match Test status and the opponents do not—for example, if a senior national team plays a second-level "A" national side—only the statistics for the nation granting Test status are counted in Test totals.
Players who are still active at international level are in bold.
"Table including matches played 28 February 2014:" 

</doc>
<doc id="21520685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520685" title="Łęgi, Opole Voivodeship">
Łęgi, Opole Voivodeship

Łęgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baborów, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520687" title="Wierzbno, Głubczyce County">
Wierzbno, Głubczyce County

Wierzbno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baborów, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately west of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520693" title="Assembly of God Church of Sāmoa">
Assembly of God Church of Sāmoa


</doc>
<doc id="21520695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520695" title="Bliszczyce">
Bliszczyce

Bliszczyce (, or "Blížčice") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-west of Branice, south-west of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
In the village is a hill "Barania Kopa" (411.3 metres, "Czeska Górka" too, , ) and this hill is one of several stops tourist route of Bronisław Juzwiszyn. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520696" title="Boboluszki">
Boboluszki

Boboluszki (Czech "Bobolusky", German "Boblowitz", 1936-1945 "Hedwigsgrund") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520698" title="Dzbańce">
Dzbańce

Dzbańce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 51.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520699" title="Dzbańce-Osiedle">
Dzbańce-Osiedle

Dzbańce-Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520701" title="Dzierżkowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Dzierżkowice, Opole Voivodeship

Dzierżkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520703" title="Gródczany">
Gródczany

Gródczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520705" title="Jabłonka, Opole Voivodeship">
Jabłonka, Opole Voivodeship

Jabłonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520706" title="Jakubowice, Głubczyce County">
Jakubowice, Głubczyce County

Jakubowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520707" title="Jędrychowice">
Jędrychowice

Jędrychowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520708" title="David Wood (British Army officer)">
David Wood (British Army officer)

Colonel David Wood MBE (23 February 1923 – 12 March 2009) was the last surviving officer of the coup de main operation by gliderborne troops on D Day, 6 June 1944, which was tasked with capturing two vital bridges before the main assault on the Normandy beaches.
Early life.
David James Wood was born in Corsham, Wiltshire, and educated at Monkton Combe School. He was commissioned to the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and joined the 2nd (airlanding) Battalion (the 52nd) in 1942. The Battalion formed part of 6th Airlanding Brigade, 6th Airborne Division in 1943.
Pegasus Bridge.
He was a D Company platoon commander in the coup de main operation on D Day led by Major John Howard. The objective was to seize Benouville Bridge, now known as Pegasus Bridge, over the Caen canal and Ranville Bridge, now known as Horsa Bridge, over the River Orne. The original plan was for Wood to lead the first platoon across the bridge at Benouville, however shortly before D Day Howard changed the order of landing and Lieutenant Den Brotheridge was selected to lead the first platoon across the Benouville bridge, now known as Pegasus Bridge. On D Day Wood and his No 24 platoon were in the second glider to land at Pegasus Bridge; touching down at 00.17 hours, one minute after the first glider. Wood's platoon's objective was to clear trenches, machine-gun nests, and the anti-tank gun pit along the east bank of Pegasus Bridge. He was shot in the leg whilst leading his platoon and was evacuated to a divisional aid post in Ranville and eventually back to England. By 00.26 hours on D Day both bridges had been secured. The capture of the bridges was portrayed in the film "The Longest Day" (1962).
Post World War II.
Following the Second World War he served in Greece, the Suez Canal Zone, BAOR, Cyprus, Malaya, Northern Ireland, and Aden. Wood was second-in-command of the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) in Penang, during the insurgency in Brunei and the Confrontation with Indonesia. He was mentioned in despatches Brunei, 1962. He was Military Assistant to the C-in-C British Army of the Rhine. He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE). The Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry became the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) on 7 November 1958 and the 1st Battalion The Royal Green Jackets on 1 January 1966. He retired from the Army in 1978.
Later life.
He was president of the Exeter branch of the Normandy Veterans' Association. In June 2004, at the 60th anniversary of the Normandy landings, Wood was awarded the French Legion d' honneur, the highest order of France. He lived in Cullompton, Devon.
He married Alice Bingloss in 1969, a former officer of the Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps.
Wood died in March 2009 aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="21520710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520710" title="Lewice, Opole Voivodeship">
Lewice, Opole Voivodeship

Lewice (German "Löwitz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520711" title="Michałkowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Michałkowice, Opole Voivodeship

Michałkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520712" title="Niekazanice">
Niekazanice

Niekazanice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in southwest Poland, near the Czech border. It lies approximately east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520713" title="Posucice">
Posucice

Posucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520715" title="Turków">
Turków

Turków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520716" title="George Charalambous">
George Charalambous

George Charalambous (Greek: "Γιώργος Χαραλάμπους"; born June 1, 1987) is a Greek-Cypriot actor and is mainly known for playing young Telemachus in the 1999 film "The Road to Ithaca". He has also starred in several TV commercials in his homeland Cyprus. He was born in Larnaca.

</doc>
<doc id="21520718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520718" title="Uciechowice">
Uciechowice

Uciechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520722" title="Włodzienin">
Włodzienin

Włodzienin (German "Bladen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520725" title="Wódka, Opole Voivodeship">
Wódka, Opole Voivodeship

Wódka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520727" title="Wysoka, Głubczyce County">
Wysoka, Głubczyce County

Wysoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-east of Branice, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has an approximate population of 650.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520735" title="Chróścielów">
Chróścielów

Chróścielów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 468.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520737" title="Iván Marino Ospina">
Iván Marino Ospina

Iván Marino Ospina (called by his colleagues "Ivan the Terrible") (fl. 1966 – August 28, 1985) was a Colombian guerrilla and co-founder of the revolutionary group 19th of April Movement (M-19).
Early life.
Not much is known of Marino's early life. He was born in Valle del Cauca and studied at an official college.
Early career as a revolutionary.
Ospina was convinced that the revolution in Colombia had to become violent to be successful. As the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) initially mistrusted him, he was only able to join their ranks in 1966, but he was later expelled on charges of being a CIA agent. He then fought with the guerrillas in Venezuela. In 1970 he returned to Colombia to establish M-19 along with Jaime Bateman Cayón, a friend from the group Communist Youth (Juventudes Comunistas, JUCO), who had also recently expelled from the FARC. Ospina became the second in command of M-19. A few days after this promotion, Ospina was arrested in Cali and sent to Bogotá where he was tortured in the notorious "Sacromonte caves" to the point that he made a suicide attempt. Six months later Ospina, disguised as a major of the Army, escaped and resumed the role of second in command.
Leader of M-19.
Bateman died on April 28, 1983 in a plane crash, and Ospina inherited the leadership of the guerrilla group. As such, he was in Madrid for the controversial meetings with President Belisario Betancur which would lead to a truce agreement in 1984. In December of that year, at a reunion in Mexico, Ospina made what would be a monumental faux pas: he applauded Mafia threats to Americans living in Colombia. This tactical error cost him the leadership of M-19. He was replaced by Álvaro Fayad. His position, always on the side of the "hard", earned him the nickname "Ivan el terrible."
Death.
Ospina died in a military operation against the guerrilla group by the army in August 1985 in the city of Cali. 
According to the official version, intelligence forces involved in the operation found a house in which was the commander of M-19. The house was besieged on the morning of August 28 and after an hour of combat, Ivan Marino Ospina, who until a few months earlier had been the chief of M-19, was killed, along with his bodyguard, Gerardo Ospina. His son Jorge Iván Ospina, former mayor of Cali, was injured in the operation, as was Antonio Navarro Wolf, former governor of the Department of Nariño.

</doc>
<doc id="21520738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520738" title="Dzierżysław, Opole Voivodeship">
Dzierżysław, Opole Voivodeship

Dzierżysław (German "Dirschel") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 615.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520740" title="Gniewkowice">
Gniewkowice

Gniewkowice (German "Annahof") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520743" title="Kozłówki, Opole Voivodeship">
Kozłówki, Opole Voivodeship

Kozłówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 184.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520744" title="Lubotyń, Opole Voivodeship">
Lubotyń, Opole Voivodeship

Lubotyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 459.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520745" title="One true church">
One true church

Some Christian groups or denominations have claimed that they alone represent "the one and only church" to which Jesus gave his authority in the Great Commission. The Roman Catholic Church, as well as the adherents of Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodoxy, each view themselves as the one and only original church. Other denominations believe that "the church" includes members of many denominations, believing in "an invisible church"; this is a standard view in Protestantism, although some Campbellite Protestant groups believe their own denominations to be the one church.
A similar theory to the Protestant "invisible church" doctrine arose in the 4th and 5th centuries, present in Novatianism and Donatism— both of which were condemned by the Bishop of Rome.
Others believe that in the New Testament period, there were no denominations, and the phrase Christian Church or "the church" refers either to all who follow Jesus in any form, or to all who follow Jesus in a particular location.
However, Apostolic succession is seen as one of the essential elements in constituting the one true church, ensuring it has inherited the spiritual, ecclesiastical and sacramental authority and responsibility that Jesus Christ gave to the Apostles. A few denominations believe they have restored the original church, in belief or practice. The claim to be the one true church is related to the first of the Four Marks of the Church mentioned in the Nicene Creed: "one, holy, catholic, and apostolic church".
Catholic Church.
The Catholic Church declared in the Fourth Lateran Council that: "There is one universal Church of the faithful, outside of which there is absolutely no salvation", a statement of what is known as the doctrine of Extra Ecclesiam nulla salus. The Church is further described in the papal encyclical "Mystici Corporis Christi" as the "Mystical Body of Christ".
According to the Catechism, the Catholic Church professes to be the "sole Church of Christ", which is described in the Nicene Creed as the One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. The church teaches that its founder is Jesus Christ, who appointed the Twelve Apostles to continue his work as the Church's earliest bishops. Catholic belief holds that the Church "is the continuing presence of Jesus on earth", and that all duly consecrated bishops have a lineal succession from the apostles. In particular, the Bishop of Rome (the Pope), is considered the successor to the apostle Simon Peter, from whom the Pope derives his supremacy over the Church. The Church is further described in the papal encyclical "Mystici Corporis Christi" as the Mystical Body of Christ. Thus, the Catholic Church holds that "the one Church of Christ which in the Creed is professed as one, holy, catholic and apostolic ... This Church constituted and organized in the world as a society, subsists in the Catholic Church, which is governed by the successor of Peter and by the Bishops in communion with him."
In the encyclical "Mortalium Animos" of 6 January 1928, Pope Pius XI wrote that "in this one Church of Christ no man can be or remain who does not accept, recognize and obey the authority and supremacy of Peter and his legitimate successors" and quoted the statement of Lactantius: "The Catholic Church is alone in keeping the true worship. This is the fount of truth, this the house of Faith, this the temple of God: if any man enter not here, or if any man go forth from it, he is a stranger to the hope of life and salvation." Accordingly, the Second Vatican Council declared: "Whosoever, [...] knowing that the Catholic Church was made necessary by Christ, would refuse to enter or to remain in it, could not be saved. In the same document, the Council continued: "The Church recognizes that in many ways she is linked with those who, being baptized, are honored with the name of Christian, though they do not profess the faith in its entirety or do not preserve unity of communion with the successor of Peter." And in a decree on ecumenism, "Unitatis Redintegratio", it stated: "Catholics must gladly acknowledge and esteem the truly Christian endowments from our common heritage which are to be found among our separated brethren. It is right and salutary to recognise the riches of Christ and virtuous works in the lives of others who are bearing witness to Christ, sometimes even to the shedding of their blood. For God is always wonderful in His works and worthy of all praise."
The Church teaches that the fullness of the "means of salvation" exists only in the Catholic Church, but the Church acknowledges that the Holy Spirit can make use of ecclesial communities separated from itself to "impel towards Catholic unity" and thus bring people to salvation in the Catholic Church ultimately. It teaches that anyone who is saved is saved through the Catholic Church but that people can be saved ex voto and by pre-baptismal martyrdom as well as when conditions of invincible ignorance are present, although invincible ignorance in itself is not a means of salvation.
Catholicism also teaches that there are some elements of truth in non-Christian religions, and Vatican II's "Nostra Aetate" stated: "The Catholic Church rejects nothing that is true and holy in these religions. She regards with sincere reverence those ways of conduct and of life, those precepts and teachings which, though differing in many aspects from the ones she holds and sets forth, nonetheless often reflect a ray of that Truth which enlightens all men. Indeed, she proclaims, and ever must proclaim Christ 'the way, the truth, and the life' (John 14:6), in whom men may find the fullness of religious life, in whom God has reconciled all things to Himself."
Eastern Orthodox Church.
The Eastern Orthodox Church has identified itself as the "one, holy, catholic, and apostolic church" in, for instance, synods held in 1836 and 1838 and in its correspondence with Pope Pius IX and Pope Leo XIII. Some Orthodox hold that there can be a kind of imperfect participation in the Church by those not visibly in communion with her. This is most famously expressed by Bishop Kallistos (Ware) of Diokleia, "We can say where the Church is; we cannot say where she is not."
Anglican branch theory.
Apostolic succession is sometimes seen as one of the essential elements in constituting the one true church, ensuring it has inherited the spiritual, ecclesiastical and sacramental authority and responsibility that Jesus Christ gave to the Apostles.
This is the position of those Anglicans who uphold the branch theory that, "though the Church may have fallen into schism within itself and its several provinces or groups of provinces be out of communion with each other, each may yet be a branch of the one Church of Christ, provided that it continues to hold the faith of the original undivided Church and to maintain the apostolic succession of its bishops." 
The Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church, according to that theory, are the principal branches of the one true Church, along with the Anglican Communion. Those churches, however, reject the theory, as do Anglicans other than the church faction often termed "Anglo-Catholicism". Anglo-Catholicism is a point of view that arose during the nineteenth century's Romantic era and which led to a renewed interest in things Gothic. The English Reformation was imagined by Anglo-Catholics to have been only a temporary and artificial interruption in the Catholic history of English Christianity. Anglicans generally do not subscribe to the idea that their church, with or without any supposed connection to the Roman Catholic and Eastern churches, constitute a "one true Church" to the exclusion of other Christian bodies.
Baptist churches.
Many Baptists, who uphold the doctrine of Baptist successionism (also known as Landmarkism), "argue that their history can be traced across the centuries to New Testament times" and "claim that Baptists have represented the true church" that "has been, present in every period of history". These Baptists maintain that those who held their views throughout history, including the " Montanists, Novatians, Patarenes, Bogomils, Paulicians, Arnoldists, Henricians, Albigenses, and Waldenses", were persecuted for their faith, a belief that these Baptists maintain to be "grand distinguishing mark of the true church". In the introduction of "The Trail of Blood", a Baptist text that explicates the doctrine of Baptist succession, Clarence Walker states that "The history of Baptists, he discovered, was written in blood. They were the hated people of the Dark Ages. Their preachers and people were put into prison and untold numbers were put to death." J.M. Carroll, the author of the said text "The Trail of Blood", also appeals to historian Johann Lorenz von Mosheim, who stated "Before the rise of Luther and Calvin, there lay secreted in almost all the countries of Europe persons who adhered tenaciously to the principles of modern Dutch Baptists." Walter B. Shurden, the founding executive director of the Center for Baptist Studies at Mercer University, writes that the theology of Landmarkism, which he states is integral of the history of the Southern Baptist Convention, upholds the ideas that "Only Baptist churches can trace their lineage in uniterrupted fashion back to the New Testament, and only Baptist churches therefore are true churches." In addition Shurden writes that Baptists who uphold successionism believe that "only a true church-that is, a Baptist church-can legitimately celebrate the ordinances of baptism and the Lord's Supper. Any celebration of these ordinances by non-Baptists is invalid." Baptists who uphold this ecclesiology also do not characterize themselves as being a Protestant Church due to their belief that "they did not descend from those churches that broke away in protest from the church of Rome. Rather, they had enjoyed a continuous historical existence from the time of the very first church in the New Testament days." These views are no longer widely held in the Southern Baptist Convention although they are still taught by many independent Baptist churches, Primitive Baptists, and some "congregations affiliated with the American Baptist Association."
Iglesia ni Cristo.
The Iglesia ni Cristo believes that it is the one church founded by Jesus. Adherents hold that Iglesia ni Cristo is the only true church of Jesus Christ as restored by Felix Manalo. The church recognizes Jesus Christ as the founder of the Church. Meanwhile, its reestablishment is seen as the signal for the end of days. They believe that the church was apostatized by the 1st or 4th century due to false teachings. The INC says that this apostate church is the Roman Catholic Church.
They believe that the Iglesia ni Cristo is the fulfillment of the passage above, and "east" refers to the Philippines, where the Church of Christ would be founded. The INC teaches that its members constitute the "elect of God" and there is no salvation outside the Iglesia ni Cristo. Faith alone is insufficient for salvation. The Iglesia ni Cristo says that the official name of the true church is "Church of Christ" (Iglesia ni Cristo in Tagalog). The two passages often cited by INC to support this are Romans 16:16 "Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the churches of Christ greet you" and the George Lamsa translation of Acts 20:28: "Take heed therefore . . . to feed the church of Christ which he has purchased with his blood".
Latter Day Saints.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) or "Mormons" believe that Joseph Smith, Jr. was chosen to restore the original Church established by Jesus Christ. Mormons believe that after His Resurrection, and the subsequent deaths of the apostles, wickedness and iniquity ran rampant throughout His Church, and eventually it fell into apostasy and corruption, thus being lost from the earth. The movement does not seek, instead, to reform the Catholic Church, causing much conflict with other denominations. Mormons therefore believe that from the late first century A.D. to 1830, baptism and other ordinances were absent from the earth.
Some among the Churches of Christ have attributed the restorationist character of the Latter Day Saints movement to the influence of Sidney Rigdon, a preacher who was associated with the Campbell movement in Ohio but left it and became a close friend of Joseph Smith. Neither the Mormons nor the early Restoration Movement leaders invented the idea of "restoration"; it was a popular theme of the time that had developed independently of both, and they both represent different expressions of that common theme. The Campbell movement combined it with Enlightenment rationalism, "precluding emotionalism, spiritualism, or any other phenomena that could not be sustained by rational appeals to the biblical text." The Latter Day Saints combined it with "the spirit of nineteenth-century Romanticism" and, as a result, "never sought to recover the forms and structures of the ancient church as ends in themselves" but "sought to restore the golden age, recorded in both Old Testament and New Testament, when God broke into human history and communed directly with humankind."
One of these divine communication is an account of when God the Father and Jesus appeared to the Prophet Joseph Smith and instructed him that the creeds of the churches of the day "were an abomination in his sight" and that through him, God would restore (or re-establish) the true church. Smith taught that the Great Apostasy was complete and required a full restoration of the original church. This included the Aaronic priesthood, the Melchizedek priesthood, and the full church structure consisting of prophets, apostles, evangelists and teachers. Joseph Smith served as the first prophet believed to be appointed by Jesus in the latter days. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints recognizes Thomas S. Monson as its incumbent president/prophet.
Joseph Smith published the Book of Mormon, which is translated from the Golden Plates as directed by the angel Moroni. The Book of Mormon contains a record of the original church of Jesus in the Americas between about 600 BC and AD 421. In addition, Joseph Smith received the priesthood directly from those who held it anciently, namely John the Baptist, who returned as an angel and gave him and Oliver Cowdery the authority to baptize. In addition, Saint Peter, Saint James and Saint John, the Apostles, returned as angels and gave them the authority to lead the church.
The church was organized on April 6, 1830 in New York. Originally, the church was unofficially called the "Church of Jesus Christ". Four years later, in April 1834 it was also called the "Church of Latter-day Saints" to differentiate the church of this era from that of the New Testament. Then, in April 1838, the full name was officially declared as "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints". The LDS belief that theirs is the one true church is codified in LDS canonical scripture, "And also those to whom these commandments were given, might have power to lay the foundation of this church, and to bring it forth out of obscurity and out of darkness, "the only true and living church upon the face of the whole earth," with which I, the Lord, am well pleased, speaking unto the church collectively and not individually-".
Mormons identify themselves as Christians, but are not considered as such by some. Because of the Book of Mormon, their beliefs about the Trinity and baptism, temple practices, the religion's past practice of polygamy, and some of the religion's other beliefs, many Protestants and Catholics do not accept Mormonism as part of Christianity.
One true faith (outside of Christianity).
Islam.
Muslims believe that Islam is the original and primordial faith, or fitrah, that was revealed by the prophet Muhammad. Muslims maintain that previous messages and revelations have been partially changed or corrupted over time and consider the Quran to be the unaltered and the final revelation from Allah. Religious concepts and practices include the five pillars of Islam, which are basic concepts and obligatory acts of worship, and following Islamic law, which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society, encompassing everything from banking and welfare, to warfare and the environment.
Judaism.
Jews believe that the God of Abraham is the one true God. The Jews believe the God of Abraham entered into a covenant with the ancient Israelites, marking them as his Chosen People, giving them a mission to spread the concept of monotheism. Jews do not consider their chosenness to be a mark of superiority to other nations, but a responsibility to be an example of behavior for other nations to emulate.

</doc>
<doc id="21520747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520747" title="Ludmierzyce">
Ludmierzyce

Ludmierzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-west of Kietrz, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 127.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520748" title="Nasiedle">
Nasiedle

Nasiedle (German "Nassiedel") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately south-west of Kietrz, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 407.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520749" title="Nowa Cerekwia">
Nowa Cerekwia

Nowa Cerekwia () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 922.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520751" title="Nowy Dwór, Głubczyce County">
Nowy Dwór, Głubczyce County

Nowy Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520753" title="Rogożany">
Rogożany

Rogożany (German "Rosen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately west of Kietrz, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 219.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520756" title="Wojnowice, Opole Voivodeship">
Wojnowice, Opole Voivodeship

Wojnowice () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately north-west of Kietrz, south of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 522.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520770" title="Bierawa">
Bierawa

Bierawa (German "Birawa") is a village in Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bierawa. It lies approximately south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 1,370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520772" title="Brzeźce (disambiguation)">
Brzeźce (disambiguation)

Brzeźce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21520774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520774" title="Splanchnology">
Splanchnology


</doc>
<doc id="21520776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520776" title="Kopanie, Opole Voivodeship">
Kopanie, Opole Voivodeship

Kopanie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Skarbimierz, south-east of Brzeg, and north-west of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520781" title="Brzeźce, Opole Voivodeship">
Brzeźce, Opole Voivodeship

Brzeźce (German "Brzezetz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bierawa, south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 633.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520782" title="Dziergowice">
Dziergowice

Dziergowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 3,000.
Notable residents.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520784" title="Goszyce, Opole Voivodeship">
Goszyce, Opole Voivodeship

Goszyce (German "Goschütz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 147.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520785" title="Six-string alto guitar">
Six-string alto guitar

The six-string alto guitar or G Guitar is a smaller version of the classical guitar, designed to be fitted with lighter strings and tuned a perfect fifth higher, to B-E-A-D-F♯/G♭-B.
The alto guitar is a transposing instrument, in the key of G.

</doc>
<doc id="21520786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520786" title="Grabówka, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County">
Grabówka, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County

Grabówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 216.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520788" title="Korzonek, Opole Voivodeship">
Korzonek, Opole Voivodeship

Korzonek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520789" title="Kotlarnia">
Kotlarnia

Kotlarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 743.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520795" title="Lubieszów, Opole Voivodeship">
Lubieszów, Opole Voivodeship

Lubieszów (German "Libischau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 503.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520796" title="Ortowice">
Ortowice

Ortowice (German "Ortowitz") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 285.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520800" title="Solarnia, Opole Voivodeship">
Solarnia, Opole Voivodeship

Solarnia (German "Salzforst") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 532.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520804" title="Stara Kuźnia, Opole Voivodeship">
Stara Kuźnia, Opole Voivodeship

Stara Kuźnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Bierawa, south-east of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 691.
During the Second World War the village, then known as Althammer, was the base for a working party (E537) of British and Commonwealth prisoners of war, under the administration of Stalag VIIIB/344 at Łambinowice (then know as Lamsdorf) in Poland. In January 1945, as the Soviet armies resumed their offensive and advanced into Germany, the prisoners were marched westward in the so-called Long March or Death March. Many of them died from the bitter cold and exhaustion. The lucky ones got far enough to the west to be liberated by the allied armies after some four months of travelling on foot in appalling conditions.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520807" title="Stare Koźle">
Stare Koźle

Stare Koźle (German "Alt Cosel") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bierawa, south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south-east of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 832.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21520808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520808" title="List of state leaders in 790s BC">
List of state leaders in 790s BC

This is a list of state leaders in the 790s BC (799 BC–790 BC). The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "King" under the heading "Assyria" means "King of Assyria") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="21520809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520809" title="Sephardic Jewish Film Festival">
Sephardic Jewish Film Festival

The Sephardic Jewish Film Festival also known as the Sephardic Film Festival, is an annual New York City Film festival sponsored by the American Sephardi Federation.
The festival showcases films about Jewish communities of the Mediterranean and Asia, including Morocco, Yemen, Ethiopia, Kurdistan, Iran/Persia and India, as well as the Sephardi descendants of the Jews expelled from Spain.
The films are part of a movement towards low-budget productions and first-person documentaries taking advantage of the freedom given by improvements in video cameras and associated digital hardware to pursue a more personal on-screen vision of what it means to be Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="21520810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520810" title="National &amp; Capital">
National &amp; Capital

National & Capital, or N&C as it is more commonly known claims to be "one of the UK's leading mortgage brokers" who specialise in the placement of prime, buy to let and non-conforming mortgages. It was established in 1999 as Fasttrack Finance but later changed its name to Essex & Capital Mortgage Corporation Ltd when it was acquired by the US Investment Bank Bear Stearns. It was taken back into private ownership in 2006 as National & Capital when Bear Stearns took the decision to withdraw completely from the UK mortgage market after a rise in foreclosures in the United States in late 2006 which subsequently triggered a global financial crisis through 2007 and 2008.
National & Capital Ceased Trading in 2010.
Background
In 2004 Bear Stearns announced that it took an ownership stake in UK based Essex & Capital Mortgage Corporation Limited to the London Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="21520816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520816" title="Peroxyoxalate">
Peroxyoxalate

Peroxyoxalates are esters initially formed by the reaction of hydrogen peroxide with oxalate diesters or oxalyl chloride, with or without base, although the reaction is much faster with base:
Peroxyoxalates are intermediates that will rapidly transform into 1,2-dioxetanedione, another high-energy intermediate. The likely mechanism of 1,2-dioxetanedione formation from peroxyoxalate in base is illustrated below:
1,2-Dioxetanedione will rapidly decompose into carbon dioxide (CO2). If there is no fluorescer present, only heat will be released. However, in the presence of a fluorescer, light can be generated (chemiluminescence). 
Peroxyoxalate chemiluminescence (CL) was first reported by Rauhut in 1967 in the reaction of diphenyl oxalate. The emission is generated by the reaction of an oxalate ester with hydrogen peroxide in the presence of a suitably fluorescent energy acceptor. This reaction is used in glow sticks.
The three most widely used oxalates are bis(2,4,6-trichlorophenyl)oxalate (TCPO), Bis(2,4,5-trichlorophenyl-6-carbopentoxyphenyl)oxalate (CPPO) and bis(2,4-dinitrophenyl) oxalate (DNPO). Other aryl oxalates have been synthesized and evaluated with respect to their possible analytical applications Divanillyl oxalate, a more eco-friendly or "green" oxalate for chemiluminescence, decomposes into the nontoxic, biodegradable compound vanillin and works in nontoxic, biodegradable triacetin [16 . Peroxyoxalate CL is an example of indirect or sensitized chemiluminescence in which the energy from an excited intermediate is transferred to a suitable fluorescent molecule, which relaxes to the ground state by emitting a photon. Rauhut and co-workers have reported that the intermediate responsible for providing the energy of excitation is 1,2-dioxetanedione The peroxyoxalate reaction is able to excite many different compounds, having emissions spanning the visible and infrared regions of the spectrum [3,4, and the reaction can supply up to 440 kJ mol-1, corresponding to excitation at 272 nm It has been found, however, that the chemiluminescence intensity corrected for quantum yield decreases as the singlet excitation energy of the fluorescent molecule increases [6. There is also a linear relationship between the corrected chemiluminescence intensity and the oxidation potential of the molecule This suggests the possibility of an electron transfer step in the mechanism, as demonstrated in several other chemiluminescence systems [7-10. It has been postulated that a transient charge transfer complex is formed between the intermediate 1,2-dioxetanedione and the fluorescer and a modified mechanism was proposed involving the transfer of an electron from the fluorescer to the reactive intermediate [12. The emission of light is thought to result from the annihilation of the fluorescer radical cation with the carbon dioxide radical anion formed when the 1,2-dioxetanedione decomposes . This process is called chemically-induced electron exchange luminescence (CIEEL).
Chemiluminescent reactions are widely used in analytical chemistry 15

</doc>
<doc id="21520819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21520819" title="Błażejowice, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County">
Błażejowice, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County

Błażejowice (German: Blaseowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately south of Cisek, south of Kędzierzyn-Koźle, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
