<doc id="21547033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547033" title="Alois Kalss">
Alois Kalss

Alois Kalss (18 February 1920 – May 2, 1945) was a Hauptsturmführer in the Waffen-SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Alois Kalss was born on 18 February 1920, in St Gilgen a village near Salzburg in Austria.
World War II.
Kalss volunteered to join the Waffen SS during World War II and was posted to the SS Division "Das Reich". He was awarded the Iron Cross I & II class during the invasion of the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) in July and September 1941.
In the Third Battle of Kharkov he was in the 8th Company, SS Panzer Regiment 2 and throughout September 1943 "Das Reich" Tiger tanks scored heavily against Russian armor. On 23 September Kalss received the German Cross in Gold for his adept leadership of his platoon during the late summer. On 18 September he took command of the Tiger company and was wounded soon afterwards. The "Das Reich" Tiger company was disbanded and its surviving personnel distributed among the three companies of the forming 102 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion ("most Das Reich" veterans went to its first company).
Kalss, in command of the 1st Company, together with 102 SS was sent to Normandy to counter the D Day landings. The battalion was involved in the fighting for point 112 and was almost completely destroyed during the fighting. Kalss was awarded the Knight's Cross in August 1944 for his bravery during the fighting in Normandy and had 42 tank kills by July 1944.
In September 1944, The battalion was pulled back Sennelager in Germany to reform, renamed as 502 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion.
Kalss was killed in action on the 2 May 1945, in the vicinity of the Kummersdorfer Forest south of Berlin, when his Tiger received a direct hit from an anti tank gun.

</doc>
<doc id="21547041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547041" title="Lidia Kopania">
Lidia Kopania

Lidia Kopania (born 12 May 1978, Koluszki, Poland) is the frontwoman of Kind of Blue. Kopania represented her nation at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia.
Biography.
In 2003, Kopania has established cooperation with a band Kind of Blue. Their first joint album, entitled "Beating The Morning Rush" appeared in Germany at the end of 2004. Participated in the German music program "The John Lennon Talent Award". In Poland, the first single Lidia's Kopania band was a song "Pocałuj mnie".
In 2006 she released the album "Intuicja", which were 16 pop songs (mostly in English) and four songs in Polish. With this comes a CD song "It must be love", who applied for Polish representation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. "It must be love" was the first item of works in polish preselection "Piosenka dla Europy 2007".
Lidia is a winner of TOPtrendy Festival 2006, organized by Telewizja Polsat, which has two tracks - a song written for a single "Sleep" and Abba's cover "The winner takes it all". Her next CD "Przed świtem" appeared in June 2008. Manufacturer album before dawn, which operates a single, "Rozmawiać z tobą chcę" is Jens Lueck, compositions written by Bernd Klimpel, Filip Sojka, Jens Lueck, Rob Hoffman. In contrast, for the text layer is responsible Lidia.
Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
At the end of 2008 Lidia Kopania sang the ballad "I Don't Wanna Leave" in the Polish national selection for Eurovision Song Contest 2009. And in February she won second place in the jury vote and the first in the voting audience, thereby winning the national selection and representing Poland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Moscow in May. Kopania competed in the second semi-final but failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="21547042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547042" title="North Barningham">
North Barningham

North Barningham is a Hamlet within the civil parish of Gresham in the English county of Norfolk. The Hamlet is miles south west of Cromer, miles north-northwest of Norwich and miles north-northeast of London. The Hamlet lies miles south of the town of Sheringham. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. The Hamlet is within the parish of Gresham, which had, in the 2001 census, a population of 443. For the purposes of local government, the Hamlet falls within the district of North Norfolk.
Description.
The Hamlet of North Barningham consists of a few scattered houses and farms, the church of Saint Peter and one remaining wing of a large H-shaped early-17th-century mansion, originally home to the Palgrave family. The hamlet is classed as a lost settlement. The name "Barningham" derive from the Old English for the "Village of Beorn’s people" with the north part of the name added to differentiate it from others of the same name nearby. It is thought that "Beorn" was a Viking warlord who was given the land as a reward for his performance in battle.
History.
North Barningham has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085 where its population, land ownership and productive resources were extensively detailed. In the great book North Barningham is recorded by the name of "Berningeham". The main landholders being Thorold from William de Warenne. Roger Bigot and Osferth from him. William de Noyers from Bishop William, Walter Giffard, Drogen de Beuvriere.
Prominent buildings.
Saint Peter’s Church.
The church of Saint Peter no longer holds regular services and is in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church consists of a nave, chancel, north aisle, north porch and a west tower. It stands in the middle of a small churchyard with a hedge all around. The earliest parts of the building date back to 1100. Within the church there is a memorial to the Palgraves who had become the lords of the manor in the 15th century. The Palgraves lived in nearby North Barningham Hall. When Sir Richard Palgrave died without issue in 1732 the association with that branch of the family ended. The Windham family of nearby Felbrigg Hall purchased the hall and estate, demolishing part of the hall soon after. By 1745 there were only two inhabitants of the village left and the church fell into a state of disrepair. By 1886 the church had become out of use and continued to deteriorate until it was restored between 1893 and 1894. The church then saw a period of constant use in the early years of the 20th century but after a steady decline of services and attendance fell back into disuse. In 1969 in accordance with the Church of England pastoral measure, a petition went forward to have the church declared redundant. In 1973 bearers of the Palgrave surname organised a service on St Peter's Day. This was followed up by the formation of the Palgrave Society to carry out maintenance in the church and churchyard and also organise future services. By organising regular working parties and drawing attention to the historical importance of the church and its monuments it became clear that conservation was the only way forward so in October 1976 the church was officially vested in the redundant Churches Fund. 
The main structure of the church is built from coursed flint with limestone quoins. The chancel and extension to the nave date from the early part of the 13th century. The north aisle was added in the 15th century and is separated from the nave by a four-bay arcade with octagonal shaped piers. The tower and north porch were added in the late 15th century. Within the tower there were once two bells. One was removed in 1669 when it was found to be cracked. The second was removed and transferred to Bawdeswell and installed in the new church there in the 1950s. Inside the church there are several memorials of note, the most impressive being to Sir Austin and Dame Elizabeth Palgrave which is located on the wall of the north aisle. In the sanctuary there is a monument to John Palgrave who died on 29 May 1611 who had been a prominent lawyer and a local magistrate in Norfolk. On the wall of the chancel there is a monument to Margaret Pope the wife of Dr John Pope of Over, Cambridgeshire. She was the daughter of John and Urith Palgrave. At the eastern end of the north aisle brasses set into a stone slab to commemorate Henry Palgrave who died in 1516.
The Palgrave Society continues its association with the church by arranging annual services and other events. It has published several monographs relating to the church, the family and the nearby hall. The official Guide to the Church was compiled by Derek Palgrave on behalf of the Churches Conservation Trust.
North Barningham Hall.
North Barningham Hall or Barningham Norwood Hall was once owned by the Palgrave family. Today the hall is a fragment of a large mansion. What remains is one wing of an originally H-shaped house, probably of 1638. this house stood on an even older moated site. Among the various outbuildings in the grounds of the house, there is a 17th-century privy house and possibly some of the earliest foxhound kennels known to exist. The hall was in ruins for many years; it has been restored and is today a private residence.
References.
Barningham: the Church, the Hall and the Palgrave Family, PALGRAVE SOCIETY 1974
at North Barningham Church, PALGRAVE SOCIETY 1976
and Lineage of the Palgraves, PALGRAVE SOCIETY 1978

</doc>
<doc id="21547043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547043" title="Church of the Assumption (Uzundzhovo)">
Church of the Assumption (Uzundzhovo)

The Church of the Assumption (, "tsarkva "Uspenie Bogorodichno"") is a Bulgarian Orthodox church in the village of Uzundzhovo, Haskovo Municipality, Bulgaria. Built as a mosque during the Ottoman era, it was reconstructed in 1906 as a church.
History.
According to local legend, Ottoman conquerors destroyed the area's prior village and church. Under Sultan Bayezid II's order, a caravanserai for traveling merchants was then built, around which a Turkish hamlet called Uzunca Ova (Uzundzhovo) arose. The well-known Ottoman traveler Evliya Çelebi visited Uzundzhovo at the end of the 17th century and wrote the following:
Ibrahim Tatarlı's research on Ottoman religious buildings and inscriptions indicates that famous Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan designed the mosque. Austrian historian Hammer also confirms this assertion, with documents that show Sinan had issued 30,000 qirsh in 1593 for the construction of a mosque, caravanserai, imaret, and bathhouse in what became known as Uzundzhovo. Bulgarian scholars such as Ivan Bogdanov dispute Sinan's involvement, as Uzundzhovo had been well-established as a religious judge's seat by 1566.
After the liberation of Bulgaria in 1878, Uzundzhovo's Turkish population relocated. The caravanserai and other public buildings were demolished, sparing only the mosque and one of the caravanserai's entrances. The mosque was neglected until the village's Saint John the Baptist Church collapsed. Lacking the funds for a new building, Uzundzhovo's ecclesiastical board decided to convert the mosque into a church. For this purpose the 10th ordinary National Assembly of Bulgaria granted the parish the mosque for use as a church property. Uzundzhovo residents, however, resisted the idea and resolved instead to demolish the mosque and use its building materials for a new church. After a three-year debate, the idea prevailed that the mosque still had to be preserved for posterity and partially reconstructed. In 1906, it was officially consecrated as a church.
After the church underwent remodeling over a century later, Metropolitan Nikolay of Plovdiv reconsecrated it on 9 September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21547052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547052" title="Christian Sonne">
Christian Sonne

Ole Christian Saxtorph Sonne (21 April 1859 – 25 July 1941) was a Danish government minister and speaker of the Landsting, a chamber of the parliament.
He was an elected member of the Landsting from the 1902 election until 1918. He was originally elected outside the parties in electoral coalition with the conservative party Højre, but joined the Free Conservatives in February 1904. Along with the rest of the Free Conservatives, Sonne joined the Conservative People's Party in 1915, but he left the party again in June 1917 as a protest against the party's intention of pulling Minister without Portfolio Christian Rotbøll out of the Cabinet of Zahle II.
Sonne was Minister for Agriculture for a short term after the Easter Crisis of 1920 as the only member of the Cabinet of Friis who was nationally known beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="21547064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547064" title="Colin Niven">
Colin Niven

Colin Niven (born 6 September 1903, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Niven, a follower, played in the Ballarat Football League prior to joining Fitzroy. He captain-coached Fitzroy in 1930 and 1931 before crossing to Melbourne, which he captained in 1934 and 1935. His brother Ray, who played beside Colin in 1931, later reunited with him at Melbourne where they again appeared together in the same side.

</doc>
<doc id="21547067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547067" title="Sasha Son">
Sasha Son

Sasha Son (, , also known as Sasha Song, born 18 September 1983 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian singer who represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. His nickname Sasha Son means "Sasha Dream" in Russian, with Sasha being a Russian diminutive form of the name Alexander.
Biography.
Early life.
At 12 years old, Dima Šavrovas was huge in the music scene of Lithuania. His major hit to date is "Mama" which is still very popular. He currently is the youngest person to have won the "Bravo" music award for the "song of the year" with his song "Mama". At the age of 15 he moved to the United Kingdom; he completed secondary education there and acquired musical education.
Professional life.
He represented Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in the second Semi-Final and advanced to the Final where he finished in 23rd place. Dmitry has earlier worked with Eurovision Song Contest 2008 winner Dima Bilan. At Eurovision pre-selection final he received full points from all the juries. He participated again in Lithuania's national selection for Eurovision 2010 along with Nora with the song "Say Yes to Life."

</doc>
<doc id="21547071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547071" title="Rome–Naples high-speed railway">
Rome–Naples high-speed railway

The Rome–Naples high-speed railway line is a link in the Italian high-speed rail network. It opened from Roma Termini to Gricignano di Aversa on 19 December 2005. The final 25 km from Gricignano to Napoli Centrale opened on 13 December 2009. When the line is completed trains will take 1 hour and 10 minutes between the two cities. The line is part of Corridor 1 of the European Union's Trans-European high-speed rail network, which connects Berlin and Palermo.
Construction of the line began in 1994. Between 2004 and 2005 a series of tests was carried out prior to the line being opened for commercial operations, to obtain approval for the line to be regularly operated at up to 300 km/h. During these tests an ETR 500 train achieved a speed of 347 km/h. These speeds were made possible by the line's 25 kV AC railway electrification system (rather than the traditional Italian use of 3 kV DC), and the new signaling, control and train protection system provided by the European Rail Traffic Management System/European Train Control System (ETCS). It was the first railway line in Italy to be electrified at 25 kV AC at 50 Hz and the first in the world to use ETCS Level 2 in normal rail operations.
The first 193 km of the line was brought into service on 19 December 2005. The new line begins near Roma Prenestina station (4.5 km from Roma Termini) and ends at Gricignano di Aversa, where a connecting line leads to the Rome-Naples via Formia line, which is used for the last 25 km to reach Napoli Centrale station. The line features three other interconnections that link with the historical Rome-Naples via Cassino line, near Anagni, Cassino and Caserta.
On 13 December 2009, work was completed on the last 18 km line of the line between Gricignano and Napoli Centrale, which may eventually include a new station at Napoli Afragola to provide interchange with the Circumvesuviana line. The station was due to be open in 2009 when the construction contract was first awarded, but tenders have been called again and construction is on hold. In order to allow high-speed trains to and from Salerno and the south to bypass Napoli Centrale station, the Mount Vesuvius line may be built. When the Rome–Naples high-speed line is fully open the length of the high-speed section will be about 205 km. Afterwards, the Gricignano di Aversa connecting line will not be used for normal operations.
The longest tunnel on the line through the Alban Hills is 6,725 meters long. The minimum radius of curves is 5,500 meters and the centres of the running lines are five meters apart. The maximum gradient of the line is 21 per thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="21547072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547072" title="Logos and uniforms of the New York Yankees">
Logos and uniforms of the New York Yankees

This is a compilation of logos and uniforms of the New York Yankees.
Team logos and insignia.
Throughout much of their tenure as the Highlanders, the logo was variations of a stylized N and Y, which lay separately on either side of the jersey's breast. In 1905, the two locked for one season, but not in the way used today. It wasn't until 1909 that the team changed to the familiar interlocking NY that would be the team logo long after the team became known as the Yankees, and would continue to be the cap insignia until today. The interlocking NY was originally designed by Louis C. Tiffany and struck on a medal of honor presented in 1877 to John McDowell, the first NYC police officer shot in the line of duty.
The primary logo, created in 1947 by sports artist Henry Alonzo Keller, consists of "Yankees" against a baseball, written in red script with a red bat forming the vertical line of the K, an Uncle Sam hat hanging from the barrel. The logo was slightly changed over the years, with the current version first appearing in the 1970s.
The interlocking NY has varied greatly, and there are currently three major versions in use. The first is the cap insignia, in which the N and Y are of about the same size and unadorned. The second is the logo on the breast of the home jersey. This logo first appeared there in 1912, continued through the 1913 renaming to the New York Yankees, and after disappearing in 1917, returned for good in 1936, although there have been many small but apparent changes through the years. In the jersey logo, the Y is larger, the letters more blocky, and the curves more exaggerated. The third is the print logo which is used extensively in marketing, is painted behind home plate at the Stadium, and appears on the team's batting helmets. The N is larger and more curved, and the letters have large serifs at the end.
In 1992, the Yankees along with all MLB teams, had an MLB logo on the back of their caps for the first time. The following year, the Yankees became one of the last teams to wear a cap with a green underbrim. They did not switch to a gray underbrim until 1994, when most teams had been wearing a gray underbrim since the late 1980s. In the 1996 World Series, the Yankees, along with the Atlanta Braves, became the first teams to wear their caps with World Series patches sewn on the side. In 1998, the Yankees had the number #39 sewn on the back of their caps, next to the MLB logo, for Darryl Strawberry, because he was suffering from colon cancer at the time. When the MLB season opened in 2001, it was the 100th Anniversary of the American League. The Yankees had an AL 100th Anniversary patch on the side of their caps for the opening day series. When the Yankees celebrated their 100th Anniversary in 2003, they had a patch on the side of their caps, commemorating it as well. The Yankees along with all MLB teams stopped wearing wool caps, beginning in the year 2007. The new caps now have a black underbrim to reduce glare, and a more 3D MLB logo on the back. In 2009, to celebrate the inaugural season at Yankee Stadium, the Yankees had an inaugural season patch on the back of their caps. It is the first time in MLB history that a patch was in the back of a cap instead of just the MLB logo. However, the Yankees players that played in the 2009 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, in St. Louis had the regular MLB logo on the back of their caps. Starting in the 2010 MLB season, the Yankees MLB logo on the back of their caps, and the back collar of their jerseys, will have gray behind the bat of the MLB logo, instead of the usual red, which was present on Yankee caps since 1992.
The Yankees use a block letter "NEW YORK" wordmark on the gray road uniform which has also become emblematic. There is also a print version of the full name, which is of a more fanciful script than the name appears in the team logo.
Design and appearance of uniform.
The team colors are Navy Blue, White and Gray. The home uniform is white with distinctive pinstripes and a navy blue interlocking "NY" at the chest. The away uniform is gray with a navy blue "NEW YORK" written across the chest. The player number is on the back of the uniform jersey, and is not accompanied by the player name. A navy blue cap with a white interlocking "NY" logo is worn with both uniforms.
In 1929, the New York Yankees became the first team to make numbers a permanent part of the uniform. Numbers were handed out based on the order in the lineup. In 1929, Earle Combs wore #1, Mark Koenig #2, Babe Ruth #3, Lou Gehrig #4, Bob Meusel #5, Tony Lazzeri #6, Leo Durocher #7, Johnny Grabowski #8, Benny Bengough #9, and Bill Dickey #10. The team has never issued #0 or #00. When other teams began putting names on the backs of jerseys in the 1960s, the Yankees did not follow suit. Many companies have created replica Yankee jerseys and other apparel with the player name above the number on the back for fans to purchase, but no official Yankee uniform has ever had a name on the back. The Yankees are the only team in Major League Baseball that has never displayed the logo of the official uniform supplier, currently Majestic Athletic, on game jerseys or pants supplied to players, and are also one of only two teams (the other being the Detroit Tigers) in Major League Baseball to shun the trend of creating a third "alternate" jersey.
The home uniform has been the same (apart from minor changes) since – longer than any current uniform design in Major League Baseball – although patches commemorating milestones or special events may be worn for all or part of a season. The team will occasionally wear a black armband on the left sleeve, usually in honor of a Yankee great that died (in the case of some players, his number is frequently sewn above the armband).
In 1990, the Yankees wore a #1 patch on their left sleeve in tribute to Billy Martin, who died in a car crash on Christmas Day of 1989. It was the first time the Yankees paid tribute to a retired legend by putting their jersey number on their left sleeve. They did the same for Mickey Mantle in 1995, Joe DiMaggio in 1999, and Phil Rizzuto in 2007.
For the 2008 season, the team wore a patch commemorating the 2008 All-Star Game, another commemorating the last season in Yankee Stadium, and a black armband to honor Bobby Murcer who died July 12, 2008 due to complication related to brain cancer.
In 2009, to commemorate the inaugural season at Yankee Stadium, the Yankees had an inaugural season patch on the left sleeve of the jersey.
Beginning in the 2010 season, the MLB logo, on the back collar of their jerseys, has gray behind the bat of the MLB logo, instead of the usual red, which was on the jersey since 2000, when all of the MLB teams started wearing the MLB logo on the back collar. Upon the deaths of owner George Steinbrenner and P.A. announcer Bob Sheppard, the Yankees sported two patches from July 16 until the end of the season; the left breast patch in memory of Steinbrenner, and a left shoulder patch in memory of Sheppard. The Yankees also added a black armband in memory of Ralph Houk upon his death on July 21.
Although the Yankees have worn the same road uniform since 1918 (with the exception of 1927 to 1930, when the arched "NEW YORK" was replaced by the word "YANKEES"), a radical change was proposed in 1974. Marty Appel, in his book "Now Pitching for the Yankees", describes the proposed uniforms:
The Yankees did, however, make some minor updates to the road uniforms that season, including adding striping patterns to the sleeves and a white outline to the jersey numbers and the "NEW YORK" arch. This has remained since.
Special uniforms and caps.
The Yankees have worn throwback uniforms on two special occasions. In 1996, the Yankees wore the uniforms of the New York Black Yankees on a day celebrating Negro league baseball. In 2012, the Yankees wore replicas of their 1912 uniforms, with an alternate interlocking N-Y logo and without numbers, for a game celebrating Fenway Park's centennial.
During a July 4, 2008 game against the Boston Red Sox, the Yankees wore a special stars-and-stripes cap with an American flag pattern inside the interlocking N-Y. It was "thought to be the first time in their history" that the Yankees had worn a special edition cap. All other teams in Major League Baseball, including the Red Sox, sported similar designs inside their cap logos.
As a Memorial Day promotion, the Yankees donned red caps with stars-and-stripes logos for a May 25, 2009 game against the Texas Rangers. The Yankees also wore these caps for a July 4, 2009 game against the Toronto Blue Jays and for a September 11, 2009 game against the Baltimore Orioles. The latter game is particularly notable, as it was the game in which Derek Jeter earned his 2,722nd base hit, breaking the franchise record held by Lou Gehrig.
During the 2010 season, the Yankees wore special off-white caps with a similar stars-and-stripes logo in games played on Memorial Day, Independence Day weekend, and Patriot Day. Proceeds from sales of these caps support Welcome Back Veterans, a non-profit organization "targeting veterans' greatest needs, including mental health and job training/placement." All other teams except for the Toronto Blue Jays, who wore a Maple Leaf design, wore similarly-styled caps on these days.
For Memorial Day, 2013 (May 27) all of major league baseball wore caps and jerseys "featuring an authentic military digital camouflage design licensed from the United States Marine Corps." The Yankees, playing on the road at Citi Field, wore camouflage caps with a white "NY", and jerseys with camouflage "New York" on the front and camouflage numbers on the back.
Personal appearance.
Under George Steinbrenner, long hair and facial hair below the lip were prohibited; the practice has been continued under Hal Steinbrenner since control of the Yankees was transferred to him after the 2008 season. Players who do not fit these criteria must shave the excess hair. In the past, visible tattoos were also prohibited and players wore navy blue arm bands to cover them, although this practice has since been ceased.
Although this is a policy that all baseball teams once had, the Yankees are currently the only team with such a policy (though former Chicago White Sox general manager Ken Williams was known for asking players to cut their hair, the club does not now nor during his time as GM have a policy banning long hair) and have gotten notoriety enforcing it. Many players, most notably Reggie Jackson, Jeff Reardon, Roger Clemens, Jason Giambi, Gary Sheffield, Johnny Damon, and Randy Johnson either had long hair, significant facial hair, or both before playing for the Yankees, but were clean-cut by the time they had their press conferences unveiling them as members of the Yankees.
There have been some defiances of the dress code, however. Most notable incident involved pitcher Goose Gossage, who had a horseshoe mustache in deliberate defiance of George Steinbrenner. Jackson, though he currently sports only a mustache as a "special assistant" with the organization, did have a full beard during parts of his stay with the Yankees. Don Mattingly, the face of the franchise for the 1980s and the first half the 1990s, was briefly benched in 1991 for letting his hair grow too long and the team did not let him play until it was cut, but was eventually reinserted into the lineup after it became apparent that he was not going to cut it.
Several players, including Clemens, Giambi, Sheffield, Johnson, Damon, and David Wells, grew significant facial hair after their departures from the organization. Journeyman outfielder Darnell McDonald had long dreadlocks throughout his career and had to cut them when joining the Yankees despite only being on their roster for three days when the Yankees released him.
The Yankees are so well known with their dress code that players for other teams have been rumored to be signing for the Yankees if they adopt a clean-cut look before actually signing with them. In December 2012, San Francisco Giants pitcher Tim Lincecum, known for his long locks, cut his hair short. Although his hair was short during his rookie season with the Giants in 2007, one Twitter comment joked that he may be preparing to play for the Yankees in 2014, since he is entering a contract year with the Giants in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21547084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547084" title="Kingsbury Colliery">
Kingsbury Colliery

Kingsbury Colliery was a coal mine in Kingsbury, Warwickshire which operated between 1897 and 1968.
History.
It was opened in 1897 and changed the nature of the village almost overnight from a predominantly agriculturally based community to a mining village, and helped Kingsbury's expansion. Coal extracted from Kingsbury Colliery was used mainly for industry in nearby Birmingham, although the Lurghi Gas Plant at Coleshill was also a major customer. 
The colliery operated throughout the first half of the 20th century, and in 1904 the village of Piccadilly was built close by to house some of the mine's workers. Following the pit's closure in 1968, some of the land was used for the construction of the Kingsbury Oil Terminal.
In 2009 a memorial wall was built in Piccadilly to remember those who worked in both Kingsbury Colliery, and the neighbouring Dexter Colliery. The wall contains the names of all the miners who worked at both mines. The centrepiece of the wall is a miner's lamp that is always lit to commemorate those who have died and those who remember working down the mines.
Notable employees.
Notable people who have worked at the colliery include the footballer Sid Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21547097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547097" title="Tara Hurdle">
Tara Hurdle

The Tara Hurdle was a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland until 2013, when it was downgraded to a Grade B handicap. It is run at Navan Racecourse in December, over a distance of 2 miles and 4 furlongs. The race was first run in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21547105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547105" title="List of New York Yankees captains">
List of New York Yankees captains

There have been 14 captains of the New York Yankees, an American professional baseball franchise also known previously as the New York Highlanders. Derek Jeter, the current captain, was named as the 11th officially recognized captain of the Yankees in 2003. In baseball, the captain formerly served as the on-field leader of the team, while the manager operated the team from the dugout. Today, the captain is a clubhouse leader.
The first captain officially recognized by the Yankees was Hal Chase, who served in the role from 1910 through 1912. Roger Peckinpaugh served as captain from 1914 through 1922, until he was traded to the Boston Red Sox. He was succeeded by Babe Ruth, who was quickly deposed as captain for climbing into the stands to confront a heckler. Everett Scott served as captain from 1922 through 1925. Ten years later, Lou Gehrig was named captain, serving for the remainder of his career. After the death of Gehrig, then manager Joe McCarthy declared that the Yankees would never have another captain. The position remained vacant until team owner George Steinbrenner named Thurman Munson as captain in 1976. Following Munson's death, Graig Nettles served as captain. Willie Randolph and Ron Guidry were named co-captains in 1986. Don Mattingly followed them as captain in 1991, serving until his retirement in 1995. Gehrig, Munson, Guidry, Mattingly and Jeter are the only team captains who spent their entire career with the Yankees. Jeter is the longest tenured captain in franchise history, the 2013 season being his 11th as team captain.
There is, however, some controversy over the official list. Howard W. Rosenberg, a baseball historian, found that the official count of Yankees captains failed to include Clark Griffith, the captain from 1903–1905, and Kid Elberfeld, the captain from 1906–1907, while manager Frank Chance may have served as captain in 1913. A 1916 article that said Roy Hartzell had been a captain earlier in franchise history, though this remains unconfirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="21547112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547112" title="Put Domoi">
Put Domoi

Put Domoi (путь домой, "The Way Home") is a Russian street newspaper sold by the homeless in St. Petersburg, published twice monthly. The sellers receive half of the price. It was started in 1994 as Na Dne (На дне, "The Depths") by Nochlezhka (meaning "shelter"), an organization for the homeless. It was renamed to its current name in 2003. It was closely modeled after The Big Issue and is a member of the International Network of Street Papers (INSP). The paper has been critical of human rights violations in Russia which has made it some enemies. The INSP has been important for financial support and political legitimacy.
There are also regional editions published in Siberia and Ukraine.
Put Domoi regularly organizes a football team that participates in the Homeless World Cup and won in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21547114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547114" title="Ewa Drzyzga">
Ewa Drzyzga

Ewa Drzyzga (born in December 1967 in Kraków) is a Polish journalist and TV presenter, who hosts talk-show "Rozmowy w Toku" on TVN.
She got 3 Telekameras and one Gold Telekamera.
She is married to journalist Marcin Borowski and has two children with him: Stanisław and Ignacy.

</doc>
<doc id="21547118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547118" title="Globeville, Denver">
Globeville, Denver

Globeville is a neighborhood of Denver, Colorado. Globeville is located in the area traditionally called North Denver.
Boundaries.
According to a document entitled, "Globeville Neighborhood Assessment", prepared by the Denver Department of Planning and Community Development in 2008, "Globeville is located in north Denver and is bounded by the South Platte River on the east and south, Inca Street on the west, and the City limits (mostly 52nd Avenue) on the north. The neighborhood is identified by the 2000 U.S. Census as Census Tract 15. Interstates 25 and 70 bisect the neighborhood vertically and horizontally, respectively."
History.
According to the 2008 neighborhood assessment, 
The Globeville neighborhood was originally settled in the late 1880s around the Globe Smelting and Refining Company. Many of the early workers were Eastern European immigrants, including Austrians, Croatians, Germans, Poles, Russians, Scandinavians, Slovenians, and other Slavic peoples. In addition to the smelters, the railroad and packing plant industries offered employment opportunities within the neighborhood. Globeville was originally platted in 1889 and then incorporated as a town in 1891. The City and County of Denver annexed Globeville in 1902.
Even in its early years, Globeville was isolated from the rest of the city. The railroads and South Platte River served as physical barriers. There was only one streetcar stop, located just outside of Globeville, and the automobile was not yet a viable transportation option. With such limited access, the majority of people who worked within Globeville also lived in the neighborhood. The diverse immigrant populations thrived as churches and social organizations grew up around the various nationalities.
Globeville’s isolation was further impacted in the mid-20th century when two interstates were
constructed that bisected the neighborhood. Construction of Interstate 25 began in 1948 and was
completed in 1958. It runs north and south through the middle of the Globeville neighborhood.
Interstate 70 was subsequently completed in 1964. Interstate 70 divided the eastern residential area of Globeville, and its construction resulted in the loss of 30 homes.
Globeville’s history as a home for immigrants has continued into the present. Over the past few
decades, an increasing Latino or Hispanic population has moved into the Globeville neighborhood.
The current mix of multi-generational residents and new immigrants continues the rich diversity that the Globeville neighborhood experienced in the past.
Today, portions of Globeville continue to be physically isolated from the rest of Denver by the
freeways, railroad lines, and South Platte River. However, the freeways and railroads have also
continued to make Globeville an attractive location for business and industry. Several large operations and employers are located within the neighborhood and nearby, including the Denver Coliseum and Stock Show complex, the Bannock Street furniture business district, and the Pepsi bottling plant.
The racial makeup of Globeville is 10.57% white (4.98% white alone-non Hispanic), 2.11% African American, 0.50% Asian, 0.44% Native American. Hispanic or Latino of any race is 91.95% of the population.
The Globeville neighborhood poverty rate is 23.15% of the population, well above the Denver and national averages. Globeville has one of the highest crime rates in all of Denver, with a rate of 288 incidents per 1,000 people.
Landmarks.
Globeville contains several landmarks and structures that are well known in the Denver area. One of these is the Mousetrap, which is the large freeway interchange where Interstate 25 intersects with Interstate 70 in the neighborhood. Another is Saint Joseph's Polish Roman Catholic Church, located at 517 East 46th Avenue, in the neighborhood. Also, the South Platte River serves as the neighborhood's eastern boundary. A park called Globeville Landing Park is on the east side of the river, technically outside the neighborhood. The Colorado Front Range Trail runs through Globeville along the west bank of the South Platte River and is used here mainly as a bike path.
References.
Another significant landmark in Globeville, and a favorite of the children, is Argo park. It is located in the heart of Globeville.

</doc>
<doc id="21547125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547125" title="Alfredo Alvar">
Alfredo Alvar

Alfredo Alvar Ezquerra (Granada, 1960) is a Spanish historian, research professor at the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC) and modern history specialist. He is a correspondent academician at the Royal Academy of History and associated professor at the Complutense University of Madrid.
He is son to , a prominent Spanish philologist.
Teachings and research.
Alvar's research has been almost totally concentrated on the Spanish Modern Age; in his first years, the kingdom of Philip II and how Madrid became the permanent headquarters of the Court drew his attention; afterwards, his fields of research have comprised, to name a few, historiography, arbitrismo (judgments proposed to solve problems of the kingdom, mainly regarding the dire situation of the royal treasury; it can be considered one of the first economic literature of the Modern Age) and biographies of relevant people in the Spanish 16th and 17th centuries. Anthony Giddens’ theory of structuration and the Annales School and Fernand Braudel, have been extremely influential in Alvar’s thinking, and sociology and economy are present throughout his works.
Innovation in History comes mainly as a result of either a new interpretation of old (that is, already used) sources, or bringing to light unknown data and sources. Probably, Alvar’s most defining methodological feature has been the permanent quest for new scientific sources, something straightforward even from his very first book (the "Accounts and Letters", by Antonio Pérez, Phillip’s II secretary), but especially in his last biographies (Isabella I of Castile, Cervantes) and a research project regarding the minutes of Madrid’s town hall meetings in the last decades of the 16th century.
Professor Alvar has participated in 18 scientific projects and he has been leading researcher in 14 of them. Beyond his teachings at the Complutense University, he set up the Chair of Spanish Modern History in Quito, Ecuador, where he was invited professor.
But if there is one field where Alfredo Alvar is active, that is scientific diffusion. He is or has been actively engaged in different scientific journals, directing some of them and his different courses, lectures and seminars are a constant feature of Madrid’s cultural life.
Works.
Among his almost twenty books, the most remarkable are:
Moreover, Alvar has coordinated and edited complete collections of history books and some remarkable titles for Spanish historiography, such as the forementioned "Accounts and Letters", by Antonio Pérez (edited with just 25 years); the edition of the Spanish translation (by Andrés Laguna, physician of kings Charles I and Phillip II) of "De Materia Medica" by Dioscorides, and the encyclopaedical "Topographical Accounts of Phillip II", an extremely interesting effort to know how there were the different villages of the kingdom, but not, as it was previously assumed before Alvar’s work, a mere accountability study in order to tax them.

</doc>
<doc id="21547129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547129" title="Lama Passage">
Lama Passage

Lama Passage, sometimes referred to as Lama Pass, is a strait on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada. It is part of the Inside Passage shipping route. It was named for a Hudson's Bay Company brigantine, the "Lama", under Captain McNeill (namesake of Port McNeill), which with another HBC vessel, the "Dryad" under Captain Kipling, brought building materials and stores from Fort Vancouver for the founding of Fort McLoughlin in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="21547160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547160" title="Light extraction in LEDs">
Light extraction in LEDs

Light extraction in LEDs involves the set of particular problems that is connected with getting light from the light emitting p-n junction in an LED to the surroundings, such that the light might be useful, for instance for lighting.
The refractive index of most LED semiconductor materials is quite high, so in almost all cases the light from the LED is coupled into a much lower-index medium. The large index difference makes the reflection quite substantial (per the Fresnel coefficients). The produced light gets partially reflected back into the semiconductor, where it may be absorbed and turned into additional heat; this is usually one of the dominant causes of LED inefficiency. Often more than half of the emitted light is reflected back at the LED-package and package-air interfaces.
The reflection is most commonly reduced by using a dome-shaped (half-sphere) package with the diode in the center so that the outgoing light rays strike the surface perpendicularly, at which angle the reflection is minimized. Substrates that are transparent to the emitted wavelength, and backed by a reflective layer, increase the LED efficiency. The refractive index of the package material should also match the index of the semiconductor, to minimize back-reflection. An anti-reflection coating may be added as well.
The package may be colored, but this is only for cosmetic reasons or to improve the contrast ratio; the color of the packaging does not substantially affect the color of the light emitted.
Other strategies for reducing the impact of the interface reflections include designing the LED to reabsorb and reemit the reflected light (called "photon recycling") and manipulating the microscopic structure of the surface to reduce the reflectance, by introducing random roughness, creating programmed "moth eye" surface patterns. Recently photonic crystals have also been used to minimize back-reflections.
In December 2007, scientists at Glasgow University claimed to have found a way to make LEDs more energy efficient, imprinting billions of holes into LEDs using a process known as nanoimprint lithography.

</doc>
<doc id="21547166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547166" title="Golden Bear">
Golden Bear

The Golden Bear () is the highest prize awarded for the best film at the Berlin International Film Festival. The bear is the heraldic animal of Berlin, featured on both the coat of arms and flag of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="21547170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547170" title="Dynamic window manager">
Dynamic window manager

In computing, a dynamic window manager is a tiling window manager where windows are tiled based on preset layouts between which the user can switch. Layouts typically have a master area and a slave area. The master area usually shows one window, but one can also change the amount of windows in this area. The point of it is to reserve more space for the more important window(s). The slave area shows the other windows.
Tiling window managers that don't use layouts are called manual tiling window managers. They let the user decide where windows should be placed.
X Window System.
The following dynamic window managers are available for the X Window System:

</doc>
<doc id="21547183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547183" title="Bill Bergesch">
Bill Bergesch

Louis William (Bill) Bergesch (June 17, 1921 – May 10, 2011) was an American Major League Baseball executive. He was a front office executive for several teams.
Early life.
He was a native of St. Louis, MO. He attended Washington University prior to Pearl Harbor, but joined the US Army in 1942. He graduated from Washington University in 1946, after having served in North Africa, Sicily, and Italy, where he landed at Salerno. He was wounded after crossing the Rapido River in January, 1944, during what became known as the Battle of Monte Cassino. He was returned to the US and discharged from service 15 June 1944. In his career at Washington University, both before and after World War II, he played varsity football (pre-war,) basketball, and track, and graduated with a degree in Business Administration. He married Virginia Kammerer, another graduate of Washington University and St. Louis native, in 1947.
Baseball career.
In 1947, Bergesch joined the St Louis Cardinals organization. He was sent to Albany, Georgia to serve as general manager of a local franchise team owned by the Cardinals. For the next decade, he served in similar roles with other St. Louis Cardinal minor league teams, including the Omaha Cardinals, one of two AAA teams in the Cardinals minor league system. While at Omaha, Bergesch signed future Hall of Fame pitcher Bob Gibson, from Creighton University
Bergesch was called to the St Louis head office in 1960. In 1961 he joined the joining the Kansas City Athletics, which had recently been purchased by Charles O. Finley, as Assistant General Manager to Frank Lane. In 1962 Bergesch joined the New York Mets prior to their first season, as Assistant General Manager and Director of Minor League Operations; where he was largely responsible for building a farm system for the new team.
First Tenure With the Yankees.
In 1964, Bergesch joined the New York Yankees as Stadium Manager. Prior to the beginning of the season, the Yankees' Traveling Secretary Bruce Henry was stricken with a serious illness; as a result, Bergesch was given the additional responsibilities until Henry's return late in the season. He remained with the Yankees during the CBS era through 1968.
Professional Soccer.
He became President of the New York Generals, the New York franchise of the first professional soccer league in the US, in 1968. The soccer league played for two season, then was disbanded in favor of the North American Soccer League (NASL). Bergesch at this point moved to the New York Cosmos soccer team where his greatest accomplishment was to be the successful signing of Brazilian soccer legend Pelé out of semi-retirement to play in America for the New York Cosmos.
Second Tenure With the Yankees.
Bergesch rejoined the Yankees in 1977 as Director of Scouting. He was promoted to Vice President of Baseball Operations - and served in actuality as General Manager in 1983, although he retain the previous title.
Cincinnati Reds.
He left the Yankees in 1984, moving to Cincinnati as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Cincinnati Reds. In 1984 the Reds finished 5th in the NL west, but finished 2nd in 1985, 1986, and 1987. During his tenure, Pete Rose was the field Manager, but was also a listed as a player on the Reds roster through the 1986 season, when he set the all-time MLB record for base hits. Bergesch attempted to build the team around a core of highly regarded young players, in addition to veterans like Dave Parker and Terry Francona. However, he was unable to capitalize on an excess of young and highly touted position players including Kurt Stillwell, Tracy Jones, and Kal Daniels by trading them for pitching. Despite the emergence of Tom Browning as Rookie of the Year in 1985, winning 20 games, the rotation was devastated by the early demise of Mario Soto's career to arm injury. Bergesch was fired just prior to Spring Training in 1988.
Final Tenure With the Yankees.
Bergesch rejoined the Yankees in 1991, first on a consulting basis, and then more formally, although his responsibilities were only loosely defined. Bill Madden in his book "Steinbrenner" depicts Bergesch as having a backroom advisory presence during this period, which set the stage for the Yankees' periods of dominance later in the decade.
Bergesch formally retired in early 1997.
Later life.
While his health permitted, he enjoyed attending Spring Training and regular season games. After the death of his wife Virginia, he moved to Stamford, Connecticut in 2006. Bergesch died on May 10, 2011, a month before his 90th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="21547194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547194" title="List of equipment of the Norwegian Army">
List of equipment of the Norwegian Army

This is a list of equipment of the Norwegian Army currently in service. "Note" Some may be missing.

</doc>
<doc id="21547200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547200" title="Thomas Wentworth Beaumont">
Thomas Wentworth Beaumont

Thomas Wentworth Beaumont (5 November 1792 – 20 December 1848) was a British politician and soldier. In 1831, at the time he inherited his mother's estate, he was the richest commoner in England.
Background.
Born in Old Burlington Street in London, he was the oldest son of Thomas Richard Beaumont and Diana Wentworth, daughter of Sir Thomas Wentworth, 5th Baronet. Beaumont was educated at Eton and St John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1813. He served as lieutenant-colonel of the Northumberland Militia, but resigned in 1824. In 1826, he fought a duel with John Lambton later Earl of Durham. He was president of the Polish Literary Institution and a member of the Royal Yacht Squadron.
Career.
In 1816, Beaumont stood as Member of Parliament (MP) for Northumberland, the same constituency his father had represented before. He lost this seat in 1826, however was successful for Stafford in a by-election in 1826. After the general election of 1830 Beaumont was returned again for Northumberland, until in 1832, the constituency was split into a north and south division. Beaumont was elected for the latter, and sat then for South Northumberland until his retirement from politic in 1837. Initially a Tory, he was considered a Liberal from 1820.
Family.
On 22 November 1827, Beaumont married Henrietta Jane Emma Hawks Atkinson, daughter of John Atkinson. They had two daughters and four sons. His oldest son Wentworth Blackett was created Baron Allendale in 1906, and his third son Somerset Archibald sat in the House of Commons for Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Wakefield. Beaumont died, aged 56, at Bournemouth and was buried at Bretton Hall in Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21547211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547211" title="Grenville Channel">
Grenville Channel

Grenville Channel is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Pitt Island and the mainland to the south of Prince Rupert. It is part of the Inside Passage shipping route.

</doc>
<doc id="21547227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547227" title="Futai-ji">
Futai-ji

', also known as ', is a Buddhist temple in Nara, Japan.
The temple was opened by Ariwara no Narihira in 847, known as the author of the Tales of Ise. The temple was built over a place where it was formerly a mansion of Narihira's grandfather, former Emperor Heizei. The main hall houses a (a form of Avalokiteśvara or Guan Yin) buddha image as its primary worship object, surrounded by five Myo-O, as well as a small Shinto shrine also inside the same building.

</doc>
<doc id="21547235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547235" title="Racing identity">
Racing identity

Racing identity, expanded to prominent or colourful racing identity, is a euphemistic expression often used by journalists (particularly in Australia) to denote a prominent or well-known person who is believed or rumoured to be involved in criminal activity, and who frequents horse or dog racing venues or is involved in some aspect of the racing industry.
The term gained wide currency in the Australian media in the late 20th century due to a combination of legal and constitutional factors, including:
The association between organised crime and racing (especially horse racing) in Australia developed largely because of the conservative nature of Australian law and government in regard to gambling. In the decades before the recent liberalisation of the laws governing poker machines, casinos and other forms of gambling, betting on horse and greyhound racing was the only legal outlet for gambling in Australia (other than government-run lotteries).
As a result, horse racing (and to a lesser extent dog racing) provided one of the few legitimate means by which those involved in organised crime could easily 'launder' money earned from their illegal enterprises. Because betting with on-track bookmakers could not be easily scrutinised by law enforcement or taxation authorities, it was relatively easy for such people to claim that any large sums of money they might possess had been won on a lucky bet, and it was extremely difficult for the authorities to prove otherwise.
An example of this phenomenon can be found in the case of the former NSW Premier Robert Askin, who is widely reputed to have been at the centre of an extensive network of organised crime and official corruption, and who allegedly received tens of thousands of dollars each month in bribes from major Sydney underworld figures. Despite the fact that official inquiries uncovered assets far in excess of what he could have reasonably earned through investments and stock trading, Askin always claimed that his wealth was because he was a "canny punter" (i.e. a shrewd gambler).
Likewise, because on-track betting transactions could not be monitored as they could in the government-run betting agencies (e.g. the TAB), major racecourses became favoured meeting places for many of the people who are now generally accepted to have been leading figures in Australian organised crime, such as George Freeman, Perc Galea and Lenny McPherson.

</doc>
<doc id="21547261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547261" title="Rotem (agriculture)">
Rotem (agriculture)

Rotem Control and Management is a farm supply company that designs and manufactures Control and Management Solutions for the agricultural industry, in particular the poultry, pig, and aquaculture sectors. The company’s leading products include smart control systems for a variety of agricultural industries. Rotem has a long history of cooperation and collaboration with research and academic institutions, along with people working in the field. 
Rotem exports more than 95% of its products and operates in more than 30 countries around the world through a wide network of distributors.
Since being founded in 1980, Rotem has developed several generations of environmental controllers, climate control devices, silo weighing, live bird weighting and irrigation controllers.
Products.
Rotem produces advanced control & managements systems for growers. The company products are designed to maintain optimal conditions in the house or greenhouse and help the grower to make the right decision in real time. Controllers can be connected to a communication unit enable the grower to connect to the farm via phone lines, DSL, cellular networks, cable modem and satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="21547263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547263" title="A Midsummer Night's Dream (1959 film)">
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1959 film)

"A Midsummer Night's Dream" () is a 1959 Czechoslovak animated puppet film directed by Jiří Trnka. It is based on the Shakespeare play of the same name. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. An English-language dubbed version was made with narration by Richard Burton.
The film won several awards including the Prize of the Technical Committee in Cannes and an Honourable Medal at the Venice Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21547272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547272" title="Chrysler 200C EV">
Chrysler 200C EV

The Chrysler 200C is a plug-in hybrid electric concept car.
The vehicle was based on the shortened Chrysler LX platform.
The rear-wheel-drive sedan includes gasoline engine rated and a lithium ion battery rated 400 miles (40 miles in battery only mode), P245/45R20 front and P245/45R20 tires. The car has acceleration of approximately 7 seconds, with top speed of over .
The interior incorporates uConnect features controlled via a panoramic multimedia touch screen. It includes a "teen mode" which warns of erratic driving or going out of a specified range, and limits the maximum speed.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2009 North American International Auto Show.
Design.
The exterior design was led by Nick Malachowski.
The interior was designed by Chrysler LLC's Advance Interior Design Studio, led by Ryan Patrick Joyce. The vehicle flooring was inspired by a Zen rock garden.

</doc>
<doc id="21547280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547280" title="Archibald Duncan Wilson">
Archibald Duncan Wilson

Sir (Archibald) Duncan Wilson, GCMG (12 August 1911 – 20 September 1983) was a British diplomat and Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
Career.
Wilson was born on 12 August 1911 in Winchester to Archibald Edward Wilson and Ethel Wilson. He was educated at Winchester College and Balliol College, Oxford where he studied Classics.
After his studies in Oxford he applied for the Diplomatic Service but due to a back ailment was not successful. He then spent a year teaching in Westminster School and then joined the British Museum as Assistant keeper in 1937. 
During the war the opportunity arose to join the Foreign Office and after the war he served in Berlin for the Allied Control Commission for Germany.
He then specialised in Communist affairs and held the following positions:
He retired from the diplomatic service in 1971 and was appointed Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. While at Corpus he was also Chairman of the Appeal Committee of Cambridge University and was instrumental in the procurement of a new building to house the Faculty of Music. He retired from the Mastership in 1980 and was succeeded by Michael McCrum.
He died on 20 September 1983 aged 71.
Publications.
He wrote several books including,
Family.
Wilson's younger sister is the philosopher Mary Warnock. Wilson married Elizabeth Fleming in 1937 and had three children, Elizabeth, Catherine (born 1940) and David (1941–1975).
His daughter Elizabeth married Romanian pianist Radu Lupu. He was a good friend of the composer Benjamin Britten and the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich.

</doc>
<doc id="21547300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547300" title="Scott Higginbotham">
Scott Higginbotham

Scott Higginbotham (born 5 September 1986 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian rugby union player. He plays for and currently captains the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition. He plays Flanker and No. 8.
Early life.
Higginbotham was educated at The Southport School, on the Gold Coast, Queensland. His mother was born in Fiji which made him eligible for Fiji as well.
Career.
Higginbotham was the Reds academy player of 2007 and made his Super 14 debut the following year against the Bulls. Within seconds of making his debut he made a bone crunching tackle on former IRB player of the year Bryan Habana.
In August 2010 Higginbotham was named as a reserve for Australia to play South Africa in Pretoria. However, he didn't play in that game, but played his first Test when he came off the bench for the Wallabies 59-16 thumping of France.
Higginbotham was suspended for two weeks after he kneed and headbutted All-Blacks captain Richie McCaw in a Bledisloe Cup match on 20 October 2012.
In 2013, Higginbotham commenced a two year contract. the Melbourne Rebels Higginbotham was expected to bring size and versatility to the Rebels loose-forwards. Rebels coach Damien Hill said that "Higginbotham you've got one of the best ball-running, lineout jumping options in Australian rugby." Hill praised Higginbotham for his "aggression and intent at contact".

</doc>
<doc id="21547301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547301" title="Na Dne">
Na Dne

Na Dne (Russian: На дне, "The Depths") can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21547312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547312" title="Principe Channel">
Principe Channel

Principe Channel is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Banks Island (W) and Pitt Island (E). "Principe" means "prince" in Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="21547318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547318" title="List of LED failure modes">
List of LED failure modes

The most common way for LEDs (and diode lasers) to fail is the gradual lowering of light output and loss of efficiency. Sudden failures, however rare, can occur as well. Early red LEDs were notable for their short lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="21547325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547325" title="Althea Byfield">
Althea Byfield

Althea Latoya Byfield (born 28 November 1982 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican international basketball and netball player. Byfield has represented Jamaica in both sports, and is a current member of the Jamaican netball team.
Early life.
Althea Byfield was born in Kingston on 28 November 1984, the daughter of Tony Byfield and Jean Rumble. She also has a twin brother, Ian. Byfield attended high school at The Queen's School in Jamaica, and subsequently travelled to the United States to attend Midland Junior College in Texas.
Basketball career.
Byfield played basketball at Midland in the 2001–02 Western Junior College Athletic Conference season. In 2002 she transferred to Texas A&M University–Commerce, majoring in kinesiology, but did not play basketball until the 2003–04 season. In that season Byfield started in 16 of 19 games played, averaging 7.1 points and 6.3 rebounds per match; she was also named Lions Newcomer of the year. In the following season, Byfield was the only player in the Lone Star Conference to be ranked in the top ten players for rebounds (3rd), assists (10th) and steals (3rd); she also had the seventh-highest minutes played throughout the LSC season, averaging over 33 minutes per game. The 2005–06 season saw her playing time reduced, somewhat due to a larger playing bench.
Byfield was also part of the Jamaican national women's basketball team selected to compete in the Caribbean Basketball Championships in 2006, and subsequently at the 2007 FIBA Americas Championship for Women. As of October 2008, she was playing for the Metrobelles in the Jamaican National Basketball League.
Netball career.
As a member of the Jamaican U21 squad, Byfield won a silver medal at the 2000 Netball World Youth Championships in Cardiff. Later, she was a member of the national squads that participated in the 2003 and 2007 Netball World Championships, with Jamaica winning bronze medals in both tournaments. In 2010, she featured in Jamaica's Commonwealth Games campaign in India and won bronze at the 2010 World Netball Series in England.
In domestic netball, Byfield plays for Jamalco in the Jamaican Netball Association Open League competition, having previously played for Waulgrovians and Blades United. In 2008, Byfield was signed with the Central Pulse in New Zealand for the 2009 ANZ Championship season. She became one of the team's standout players, although the Pulse finished their season in 10th place. Byfield transferred to the Northern Mystics in 2010 as their starting goal keeper. She was not signed for the 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21547329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547329" title="Robert Thomas (fullback)">
Robert Thomas (fullback)

Robert Lee Thomas, IV (born December 1, 1974) is a former American football fullback in the National Football League. Thomas played college football at Henderson State University and would go on to play fullback for the Dallas Cowboys, as the lead blocker for Emmitt Smith.
Early years.
Thomas graduated from Jacksonville High School in Jacksonville, AR after playing three seasons of football for the Red Devils. Back then because of his small size, he played different positions (fullback, tight end, linebacker, defensive end, punter and quarterback). 
He attended college at Henderson State University in Arkadelphia, AR, where he became the starting middle linebacker. Thomas closed out his collegiate career as the school's all-time leading tackler with 388 tackles. Among his marks, he recorded 18 tackles in a single game and 129 tackles in a season. He was named the Gulf South Conference Defensive Player of Year in 1995 and earned All-GSC honors in 1995 and 1996. 
In 1996, Thomas participated in the Division II All-Star game and the Snow Bowl (now known as the Cactus Bowl). He also was a finalist for the Harlon Hill Trophy.
In 2004 he was inducted into the Henderson State University Hall of Honor. In 2006 he was inducted into the Jacksonville High School (Jacksonville, Arkansas) Hall of Fame.
Professional career.
Calgary Stampeders (CFL).
In 1998, he signed as a free agent with the Calgary Stampeders of the CFL, but only played in one pre-season game before being cut.
Dallas Cowboys.
In 1998 he was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys and was promptly allocated to NFL Europe's Rhein Fire. That season he made the Cowboys final roster and spent his time playing mostly on special teams.
He was switched from linebacker to fullback in 1999, and became a starter that same season, after Daryl Johnston suffered a career-ending neck injury.
As a starter he became a productive player, earning a new three-year contract in 2001. During that season, he would miss the final 11 games after suffering torn ligaments in his left ankle.
Thomas was released at the end of the 2002 season because of salary cap considerations. During his time with the Cowboys, he served primarily as Emmitt Smith's lead blocker for four of his five seasons, eventually paving the way as Smith ran for 109 yards on 24 carries, while becoming the NFL's all-time leading rusher versus the Seattle Seahawks (10/27/2002).
Arena Football League.
From 2004 to 2008, Robert played in the Arena Football League where he broke the Georgia Force’s rushing yds record with 250 yds in a season, and tied their rushing touchdown record with 12. In 2004, his first year with the league, he was named to the All-Rookie team. From 2007 to 2008, he played for the Colorado Crush, where he tied their rushing touchdown record with 9 and was named to the All-Ironman Team.
In 2009 he was named an assistant coach for the Arkansas Twisters of the AF2.

</doc>
<doc id="21547332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547332" title="Jimmy Ditchfield">
Jimmy Ditchfield

James H. "Jimmy" Ditchfield was a footballer who played at inside-left for Burslem Port Vale between 1886 and 1896.
Playing career.
Ditchfield joined Burslem Port Vale from Rossendale in the summer of 1886. On his debut game, Vale lost 7–0 to Preston North End in a friendly. He soon became a regular though, and with eight strikes was top-scorer for the 1888–89 season, and in 1891 he helped the side share the North Staffordshire Charity Challenge Cup. He converted to a central defensive position in September 1892, and played there 11 times in the first ever season of the Football League Second Division. However he picked up an ankle injury, and, other one appearance in the 1895–96 season, was not seen again at the Athletic Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21547335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547335" title="Norwegian Chemical Society">
Norwegian Chemical Society

The Norwegian Chemical Society () is a professional society for chemists. Formed in 1893, its purpose is to "promote the interest and understanding of chemistry and chemical technology".
Chair is Kenneth Ruud, vice chair is Hans Henrik Øvrebø and board members are Øyvind Mikkelsen, Lillian Zernichow and Kari Herder Kaggerud.

</doc>
<doc id="21547344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547344" title="Great Menaion Reader">
Great Menaion Reader

The Great Menaion Reader () is the official Russian Orthodox menologium, i.e., a collection of biblical books with interpretations of exordiums, patericons, translated or original hagiographies of Russian saints, works of church fathers, and Russian ecclesiastical writers. 
Each of the twelve volumes corresponds to a certain month (hence, the name "chet’yi-minei" or "monthly readings", from the Greek word "menaion") and subdivided into days. Also, the Great Menaion Reader includes the so-called "kormchiye knigi" (books of guidelines, a.k.a. books of the helmsman), monastic charters, acts, and missives. All of this material is sorted by months. 
The Great Menaion Reader was compiled in the 1530s-1540s under the supervision of Metropolitan Macarius of Moscow. The Great Menaion Reader contains over 27,000 large-size pages copied by hand and artistically decorated. Metropolitan Macarius decided to compile the Great Menaion Reader for the purpose of centralizing the cult of the Russian saints and consolidation of ecclesiastic ideology, so no Russian secular literature was included.
Manuscripts.
The Great Menaion Reader was revised and expanded by Dimitry of Rostov in the early 18th century. His version is still used by the Russian Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21547345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547345" title="Lists of bookstores">
Lists of bookstores

These are lists of bookstores:

</doc>
<doc id="21547357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547357" title="Poutasi Luafutu">
Poutasi Luafutu

Poutasi Vaiofiso Tuasivi Luafutu (born 2 December 1987) is a New Zealand born Australian rugby union footballer. He currently plays for CA Brive in the Top 14. He signed from the Queensland Reds of Super Rugby. He can play anywhere in the backrow.
Biography.
Early Years.
He started playing rugby league for the Redbank Bears at the age of 10 before switching codes at the age of 12 to play for the Riverview and Districts Junior Rugby Union Club. He was also a keen volleyball and basketball player as a student at Marist College Rosalie.
Super 14.
Luafutu made his debut for the Reds in the 2008 Super 14 season against the Bulls. He established himself within the Reds' revival during the 2010 Super 14 season among many other players in the somewhat inexperienced forward pack. He is most noted for his efforts in the Reds' final game of the season against the Highlanders at the Suncorp Stadium, coming off the bench to score 2 tries, the second to win the match with 2 minutes remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="21547360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547360" title="Jerris McPhail">
Jerris McPhail

Jerris Cornelius McPhail is a former professional American football player who played running back for three seasons for the Miami Dolphins and Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="21547373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547373" title="Türkgözü">
Türkgözü

Türkgözü (former "Badele") is a village in the Posof district, Ardahan Province in north-eastern Turkey with a population of 388 (census 2000). It is a border crossing point to Vale in Georgia. Türkgözü is north of the province center Ardahan and northeast of Posof.
The residents of Türkgözü are Kipchaks, descendants of Turkic people from Central Asia, who came to the place from Akhaltsikhe region in the 18th century. In the past, many people left the village for economic reasons. With the opening of the border checkpoint in 1997, the emigration came to an end. Currently, 70 families live in the village.
A number of historical structures in the village, among them churches and graveyards, point to the early settlement of the place, which was formerly called Badele.
The village is set up on a plain that separates Kodiyan Plateau from Kobliyan Valley. The Posof Creek, running south-east of the village, forms part of the border to Georgia. There are three lakes around the settlement. Neighboring villages of Türkgözü in Turkey are Armutveren and Sarıdarı. The road (European route ) from Ardahan to Damal passes through Türkgözü.
The economy of the settlement relies mainly on agriculture, livestock, beekeeping and trade. The place is widely known for its "Badele apples".

</doc>
<doc id="21547378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547378" title="Arthur Whittington">
Arthur Whittington

Arthur Lee Whittington (born September 4, 1955 in Cuero, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Oakland Raiders and the Buffalo Bills, and from 1983-85 with the Oakland Invaders of the USFL.

</doc>
<doc id="21547389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547389" title="Ira Matthews">
Ira Matthews

Ira Richard Matthews, III (born August 23, 1957 in Rockford, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played kick returner and punt returner for three seasons for the Oakland Raiders. Matthews stood 5"8' and weighed 175 lbs which made it difficult to catch him. Matthews was named to the NFL 1979 All-Pro Team as a return man during his rookie season. On October 25, 1979, Matthews set a Monday Night Football record for kick-off returns with a 104-yard return against the San Diego Chargers. Matthews was a member of the Oakland Raiders Super Bowl XV championship team. During his three seasons with the Raiders he helped lead his team to win the 1980 Wild Card, 1981 AFC West Conference Championship, and Super Bowl XV. His career ended at the end of his 1981 season due to injuries, only playing for three seasons total. 
Matthews was drafted by the Raiders in the sixth round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He played collegiate football at the University of Wisconsin, where he led the nation in punt returns in 1978, averaging 16.9 yards per punt return, including three for touchdowns. He is widely considered one of the greatest returners of the Oakland franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="21547390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547390" title="The Snowy Heron">
The Snowy Heron


</doc>
<doc id="21547398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547398" title="Rob Simmons (rugby union)">
Rob Simmons (rugby union)

Rob Simmons (born 19 April 1989 in Theodore, Queensland) is an Australian rugby union footballer. He currently plays for the Queensland Reds in the international Super Rugby competition and has also represented Australia. His position is lock, however he can also play in the backrow.
Early life.
Simmons attended The Southport School, on the Gold Coast in Queensland, and played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 2006.
Simmons was selected for the Australian U19s representative side in 2007. He played for the Australian Under 20 side at the 2008 IRB Junior World Cup in Wales.
Career.
In 2007, Simmons played for the East Coast Aces in the inaugural Australian Rugby Championship. He made his Super Rugby debut for the Queensland Reds in South Africa off the bench against the Bulls at the beginning of the 2009 season.
Simmons made his test rugby debut for Australia in 2010, playing against South Africa in Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="21547400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547400" title="Xylotrupes ulysses">
Xylotrupes ulysses

Xylotrupes ulysses, common names "elephant beetle", "coconut palm beetle", "common rhinoceros beetle" or simply "rhinoceros beetle" is a species of rhinoceros beetle native to Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21547409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547409" title="Old Bridge, Pontypridd">
Old Bridge, Pontypridd

The Old Bridge (), which is now also known as the William Edwards Bridge or Pontypridd Bridge, was originally known as the New Bridge or Newbridge, it is an arched single-span footbridge that spans the River Taff at Pontypridd in Wales. The bridge was built by William Edwards and was completed in 1756. The bridge now has statutory protection as a scheduled ancient monument and is grade I listed.
Pontypridd.
In the early 18th century Pontypridd, then known as Pont-y-tŷ-pridd ("The bridge of the earthen house"), was a tiny hamlet. Pont-y-tŷ-pridd took its name from the original bridge of the same name,
however very little is known of that ancient ford with stepping stones, which ran alongside the current Old Bridge, and was used only when the river ran low. Possibly in 1744 or after the bridge was built, Pont-y-tŷ-pridd became known as Newbridge or New Bridge after the William Edwards' Bridge. By 1856, Newbridge had been renamed Pontypridd.
In 1746 when William Edwards was just 27 years of age, he was commissioned by the Hundreds of Miskin and Caerphilly to build a three-arch bridge across the River Taff. For this he was paid the sum of GB£500, on condition that he would maintain it for seven years.
Construction.
The first bridge.
The first bridge to be constructed was a three-arch stone bridge, which was built in 1746. It was destroyed by a heavy storm which caused the River Taff to flood about two years later. A large amount of debris came down the river, which then become trapped against the two abutments supporting the bridge. The weight and force of the debris ultimately destroyed the bridge, which was then swept away down the river.
The second bridge.
After the destruction of the first bridge over the fast flowing River Taff, William Edwards decided to design a much more radical single-arch bridge that would eliminate the possibility of debris destroying the bridge due to the flooding of the River Taff. The second bridge was built from 1748, however two reports differ as to what actually happened during this second attempt to build the bridge. Thomas Morgan, contemporary of Edwards, said that "…when he (William Edwards) had almost finished the arch; the centre timber work gave way and all fell to the bottom." However, The National Library of Wales have a contemporary works known as the Plasybrain manuscript which says that, "Just after the first single arch was finished and before the centre was struck, a flood came and carried all away." It is not clear which one of these two accounts is the accurate one, however it is clear that Edwards' latest attempted to build a bridge cross the River Taff had yet again ended in failure.
The third bridge.
The single-arch bridge was rebuilt and was actually finished. It stood for a period of about six weeks before again it collapsed because the new bridge was not balanced, which forced the keystone out, which once again caused the bridge to collapse. In the Theory of Arches and Pontypridd, it states that "the weight of the bridge was either too great on the haunches or too little on the crown." At this stage Edwards was either encouraged or forced to try again with extra money being provided to cover his losses for the earlier attempts.
The fourth bridge.
The final design of the bridge included three cylindrical voids (holes) of , and on each side on the bridge. This reduced the weight and pressure on the crown and the bridge is still in operation today, however it can only be used by pedestrians. The "Theory of Arches and Pontypridd", states that as a bridge, the bridge was a failure, as it was "only eleven feet wide between the parapets and so steep that wagons had to use a 'chain and drag' to descend from the crown.
The 140 ft Old Bridge surpassed the Old Walton Bridge as the longest single span bridge in Great Britain and remained the longest bridge for another 40 years. It was also one of the few bridges in Europe, and indeed worldwide, whose span exceeded the 40 m mark.
The whole project (including the three failed attempts) cost the architect a total of £1,153 18s. 2d. (approximately £1,153.91), and consequently he made a loss of over £600. It was reported that Edwards' attempts to build the bridge over the River Taff left him in a considerable amount of debt and Thomas Morgan reported that "…the mason was considerably in debt and greatly discouraged. But the Lords Talbot and Windsor, who have estates in the neighbourhood pitied his case, and being willing to encourage such an enterprising genius, most generously promoted a subscription among the gentry in those parts."
Subsequent history.
The problem with the Old Bridge was that it was so steep that it made it very difficult to get horse carts to go across it. By 1857, a new bridge, the Victoria Bridge, was built next to the Old Bridge, which was paid for by the people of Pontypridd. The Victoria Bridge is a three-arch bridge, that was built by Thomas Jenkins, this overcame many of the problems with the steepness of the Old Bridge.
Since the bridge was opened in 1756, it has become the subject for many landscape artists, including Richard Wilson and Turner.
The Old Bridge is now a scheduled monument and is also depicted in two emblems of local rugby union teams; Pontypridd RFC and Cilfynydd RFC. Artist Lulu Quinn was commissioned by Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council to illuminate the Old Bridge as part of a regeneration programme for Pontypridd called the Monument Illumination Scheme. Initial tests to illuminate the bridge took place on 19 August 2008, and the project has subsequently been officially launched after the tests were successful.
Bridge imagery.
Representations of William Edwards' Bridge can be seen in local heraldic and civic stationery, including the crest of Pontypridd Rugby Football Club, and Cilfynydd Rugby Football Club. The community-to-community organisation PONT (Partnerships Overseas Networking Trust), also bases its logo upon the Bridge. Pontypridd High School in Cilfynydd incorporates the bridge design into the school shield, as does Pontypridd Town Council with its logo representing the south Wales Valleys and a section of the Old Bridge in the foreground. Pontypridd Male Voice Choir also incorporates the Old Bridge in the choir logo.

</doc>
<doc id="21547415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547415" title="Charles Stackhouse">
Charles Stackhouse

Charles Stackhouse is a former professional American football player who played fullback for two seasons for the New York Giants and the Minnesota Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="21547424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547424" title="Karl Brommann">
Karl Brommann

Karl Brommann (20 July 1920 – 30 June 2011) was a Untersturmführer (Storm Leader/Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for the destruction of 66 tanks along with 44 anti tank guns and 15 vehicles in the battle for Danzig. The Knight's Cross was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Brommann was born on 20 July 1920 in Neumünster in Holstein. In 1937 he volunteered to join the SS at the age of seventeen and was posted to the 2nd "Brandenburg" Standarte, SS Totenkopf (SS service number 316479).
In 1938 he took part in the Anschluss of Austria and the occupation of the Sudetenland.
World War II.
Brommann was posted to the 6th SS Gebirgs Division "Nord" (Mountain Division) and fought in Finland and was twice wounded the first time in both hands and feet the second time was a serious lung wound. Brommann stayed in Hospital for almost one year recovering from his injuries.
After recovering from his wounds he was posted to the 11th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Nordland" in May 1943 and fought on the Eastern Front. He was also promoted to Oberscharführer
at this time.
In October 1943, he was transferred to the newly forming 103 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion and trained on the Tiger tank.
In October 1944 the Battalion received their first King Tigers and on 27 January 1945, was transferred to the Eastern Front. Following their arrival at the front, the Battalion saw heavy combat in the Stettin area. They also participated in the escape of refugees from East Prussia. During the night of February 17/18, the Battalion was loaded onto trains and moved to Danzig. During the fighting in Danzig and Sopot, Untersturmführer Karl Brommann now the commander of the 2nd Company, destroyed 66 tanks along with 44 anti tank guns and 15 vehicles.
Following this action he was awarded the Knight's Cross. Brommann received further honors when he was mentioned in the daily Wehrmachtbericht on 10 April 1945 for this action.
In March 1945, he was wounded for the third time suffering burns to his head and hands and a splinter in his eye. Evacuated by hospital train to Flensburg. He was captured by the British on 21 May 1945.
Post war.
Brommann remained in captivity until November 1947, when he was released he trained to be a dental laboratory technician at the University Clinic of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21547426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547426" title="Managed firm">
Managed firm

In professional services, for example law or accountancy, the term managed firm denotes an organisation in which individual autonomy of partners is selectively surrendered to a dedicated team whose sole or major function is management of the firm.
This practice stands in contrast to traditional models of the professional firm in which responsibilities for operational and strategic issues are divided up amongst partners and carried out alongside their professional duties, competing with them for attention.
The managed firm model may be more closely followed in the accountancy sector than amongst law firms and amongst larger, particularly internationally-oriented, organisations than smaller ones, necessity dictating that partners compromise between personal control and efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="21547438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547438" title="Carnival in Rio (Punk Was)">
Carnival in Rio (Punk Was)

"Carnival in Rio (Punk Was)" is a song by Die Toten Hosen and Ronnie Biggs. It's the lead single and the fifteenth track from the cover album "Learning English, Lesson One", being also the only non-cover on the album.
The song starts with a spoken intro of a child asking his dad what was punk rock. Ronnie then starts "telling" (singing) him about the punk attitude, which is most importantly about "not giving a fuck".
Since Biggs was hiding from the British authorities in Rio de Janeiro at the time, the vocals were recorded there.
The b-sides to the single were also recorded with Biggs.
Music video.
The video was directed by Markus Herold. Also the video was made in Rio de Janeiro. It features the band and Biggs singing the song and having fun around the city, also clips of recording the song.

</doc>
<doc id="21547443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547443" title="Kamil Kryński">
Kamil Kryński

Kamil Kryński (born 12 May 1987) is a Polish sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres. His biggest success to date is finishing 4th in the 4 x 100 metres relay final at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea.
Personal bests.
Outdoor
Indoor

</doc>
<doc id="21547444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547444" title="Slam (Joe Lynn Turner album)">
Slam (Joe Lynn Turner album)

Slam is the 7th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 2001. In 2006, the album was reissued with a bonus track 'Challenge Them All' who replaced the track 'Cover Up'.

</doc>
<doc id="21547497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547497" title="F35 transmission">
F35 transmission

The F35 is a Saab-designed five-speed manual transaxle built in Saab’s Gothenburg, Sweden, powertrain plant. This extensively tested manual transmission was originally introduced in the 1984 Saab 9000, and today it is used in the Saab 9-3 and 9-5, Saturn Ion Redline, Chevrolet Cobalt SS, and various GM/Opel transverse engine front-wheel drive applications.
Design.
The F35 features a two-axis conventional transverse layout, with fully synchronized gears, and compact packaging. It features a higher torque carrying capacity than most manual transaxles currently in use by competing North American small cars.
Design features include triple-cone synchronizers on 1st and 2nd gears, and single-cone synchronizers for 3rd, 4th, 5th and reverse gears.
Specifications.
It weighs approximately 99 lb/45 kg and uses 2 quarts/1,9 l of GM 88862472 gear oil. This gear oil is identified in GM documentation as a synthetic 75W-85 GL-4, Castrol Burmah (BOT 0063) manual transmission fluid, and is validated as "fill-for-life". No maintenance is required for normal operation. The gearbox is rated for 260 ft-lb (353 Nm) of engine torque.
The GM transmissions are usually numerically designated in newton metres that means F35 is rated at 350 Nm, the weaker rod shifted SAAB version of the F35, the F25, at 250 Nm, F40 at 400 Nm, M32 at 320 Nm, and so on.
Differential.
A limited-slip differential is available for high-output applications. GM has sourced Quaife's automatic torque biasing (ATB) torque-sensing (Torsen-style) differential, which is an all-mechanical geared unit that uses no clutch packs or preloading to transfer torque from one axle to the other. The torque transfer occurs automatically and gradually when one wheel loses traction. This type of differential can severely reduce the effects of torque-steer.
Versions.
Different versions of the transaxle are available depending upon the application. Both cable and rod shift mechanisms are available, as well as application-specific clutch housings. The MU3 and MC2 are differentiated by ratios, with the MC2 available with a lower top-gear ratio.
MU3 gear ratios:
MC2 gear ratios:

</doc>
<doc id="21547502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547502" title="Fujiko Yamamoto">
Fujiko Yamamoto

Career.
Yamamoto was born on December 11, 1931, in Nishi-ku, Osaka, to a cotton wholesaler located in Senba. Raised in Izumi and then Izumiōtsu, she attended Hamadera Elementary School and began learning traditional Japanese dance from Rokunosuke Hanayagi (花柳禄之助) of the Rokuju Hanayagi (花柳禄寿) school. She graduated from what is now Kyoto Ōki High School.
She won the first Miss Nippon beauty contest in 1950. In 1953 she made her film debut at the Daiei Studios. She became one of Daiei's top actresses.
In 1963, when her contract came up for renewal, she insisted on changes. The head of Daiei, Masaichi Nagata, refused, unilaterally fired her, and then invoked an agreement between the major studios to prevent her from working again in film. Even though she has appeared frequently on stage and on television, she has not appeared in a film since then.
Family.
She married the composer Takeharu Yamamoto in 1962, and in 1968, gave birth to a son, Shigeharu Yamamoto. He is now the president of two companies (TVC and 1 to 1) and co-founder of avinoc.

</doc>
<doc id="21547508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547508" title="Jack Cashman">
Jack Cashman

Jack Cashman (born 21 April 1906, died 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Cashman was used during his career mostly as a ruckman and forward. He was recruited locally to Fitzroy and kicked 25 goals for them in 1929. 
In 1932 he went to Western Australia and took on the role of captain-coach of West Perth, steering them to the their first WAFL premiership since 1905 in his first year in charge. He led West Perth to a third place the following season and was lured back to Fitzroy where he was appointed captain-coach.
After just two games as captain-coach of Fitzroy, Cashman resigned, citing that members of the club committee were against him. A four-time VFL interstate representative, he got a clearance to Carlton and finished the season there, kicking 19 goals up forward.
Although he started the 1935 season at Carlton, he ended up at Yarraville and was a centre half forward in their premiership that year. He continued his coaching career in 1937 when he was put in charge of Yarraville and in 1938 he became captain-coach of Cananore in Tasmania before retiring in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="21547521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547521" title="Henry Harvey Vivian">
Henry Harvey Vivian

Henry Harvey Vivian (20 April 1868 – 30 May 1930) was an English trade unionist, and Liberal Party politician and campaigner for industrial democracy and co-partnership, especially noted for his work in co-partnership housing.
Biography.
Vivian was born in Cornwood, Devon, not far from Dartmoor, the son of William Henry Vivian, a carpenter. He was educated at the local Church of England or 'national' school and following a period as an apprentice to a local carpenter, he moved to London for work. In August 1894, he married Harriett Helen Sturgeon, the daughter of an Inland Revenue supervisor. Together with their daughter they lived in Burgoyne Road, Harringay.
Vivian's spiritual beliefs appear to have been very much in line with his political ones. John Burns, on opening a new recreation ground at Brentham in June 1908, described him as a practical mystic
Career.
Trade unionist.
Like his father, Vivian was a carpenter by trade and became an active trade union organiser. He was for a time President of the Pimlico Society of Carpenters and Joiners.
Co-partnership.
He was a strong believer in the ideals of the cooperative movement being a member of the Central Board of the Cooperative Congress for the London region and of co-partnership in industry and society which he believed made industrial harmony more likely as employees gained a direct stake in the ownership and success (through profit-sharing) of the companies for which they worked. He was a leader in the co-partnership housing movement, a campaigning secretary of the Labour Co-partnership Association, chairman of the Co-partnership Tenants’ Housing Council and of Co-partnership Tenants Ltd. He also co-founded and edited the journal Labour Co-partnership.
Urban planner.
Vivian set up a company called General Builders Ltd., a practical venture into co-partnership with the aim of providing its members with work and accommodation. One of Vivian’s most enduring achievements was the building of the Brentham Garden Suburb in the Pitshanger area of Ealing following the philosophy of the garden city movement promoted by Ebenezer Howard. Brentham featured a social institute, library, tennis courts and a bowling green. In addition the houses were designed with large gardens and the house attracted interest from British and foreign urban planners. He was chairman on the project's management body, Ealing Tenants Ltd from its inception in 1901. Although he resigned the chairmanship in 1911, he remained on the committee until his death. At the invitation of the Governor-General, Vivian made a tour of Canada in 1910 to promote similar schemes and lecture on town planning, housing conditions, sanitation and public health. Co-Partnership Tenants Ltd went on to play an important role in the development of the garden city of Letchworth and of Hampstead Garden Suburb.
Politics.
Vivian was a Free Trade Liberal not a socialist. While he did not believe in votes for women, as his support for co-partnership demonstrated, he believed in the Liberal virtues of self-reliance, self-help and freedom from state interference. He was first elected to Parliament at the 1906 general election as Liberal candidate for Birkenhead, in Cheshire. He opposed the movement of Trade Union MPs into the Labour Party in 1908. He voted against what he saw as socialist measures such as the Unemployed Workmen Bill which placed a duty on local committees to provide work or relief for the unemployed. Vivian held his Birkenhead seat at the general election of January 1910, albeit by the narrow margin of 144 votes. In December 1910 however, when he was subject to attacks from the left accusing him of being ‘the workers’ enemy’ and urging socialists to vote against him, he lost to the Unionists.
South Somerset by-election, 1911.
Vivian got a chance to re-enter the House of Commons in 1911 when the Liberal MP for South Somerset, Sir Edward Strachey, was given a peerage, causing a by-election. Vivian was adopted as Liberal candidate. South Somerset had been a Liberal seat since its creation in 1885 and Strachey had been MP for the constituency since 1892 but the size of his majorities had been decreasing since 1906 and the Conservative candidate in the by-election, Aubrey Herbert, had the advantage of being known in the area, having been the candidate in both the general elections of 1910. The election seems to have fought mostly on the issue of the National Insurance Act. On 13 November, in a portent of things to come, the Unionists won a Liberal seat in a by-election at Oldham. Herbert entered polling day in a mood of great optimism and duly emerged as the new MP with a majority of 148 votes over Vivian.
1918–1922.
Vivian had no wish to end his political career and was adopted as Liberal candidate for the new north London constituency of Edmonton in 1917. At the 1918 general election he faced a four-cornered contest there standing as an Independent Asquithian Liberal but was not successful. He next fought Northampton at the 1922 general election again as an Independent Liberal in a three-cornered contest with a Lloyd George National Liberal and Labour. The National Liberal topped the poll and Vivian lost his deposit.
1923–1924.
By the time of the 1923 general election the two wings of the Liberal Party had re-united and Vivian was chosen as candidate for Totnes in his home county of Devon. He beat the sitting Tory MP Samuel Harvey by a majority of 502 votes. However this margin was too narrow to hold against a resurgent Conservative Party at the 1924 election and Harvey regained the seat. Vivian did not stand for Parliament again but remained interested in Liberal politics as an active member of Hornsey Liberal Association.
Political and public appointments.
In 1906 Vivian was appointed a member of the Royal Commission on Canals and Waterways. He was a member of the House of Commons Select Committee on Housing and Town Planning and of a Home Office Departmental Committee on Accidents in Factories and Workshops. After the First World War, Vivian became an enthusiastic supporter of the League of Nations and he was chairman of his local branch of the League of Nations Union in Hornsey.
Death.
Vivian died on 30 May 1930 aged 62 years at his home, The Limes, Crouch End Hill in Hornsey.

</doc>
<doc id="21547529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547529" title="Buckminster Fuller (EP)">
Buckminster Fuller (EP)

Buckminster Fuller is an EP by Jersey-born singer-songwriter Nerina Pallot, released on 13 February 2009 as an exclusive CD for her fans that were attending the "flurry of gigs" in February 2009. Nerina played in Holmfirth, Buxton, London and Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="21547543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547543" title="Petrobius maritimus">
Petrobius maritimus

Petrobius maritimus, the shore bristletail or sea bristletail, is a species of Archaeognatha found on rocky shores from the Mediterranean Sea to the North Sea .
Individuals may grow up to 15 mm and are grey in colour, with long bristly antennae and a triple forked tail .

</doc>
<doc id="21547578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547578" title="Jeremy McDaniel">
Jeremy McDaniel

Jeremy Dwayne McDaniel is a retired American football player. He played three seasons for the Buffalo Bills from 1998-2001.
Football career.
He played for the University of Arizona in his college years. He was picked up by the Buffalo Bills as a free agent. He was traded to San Diego Chargers after a knee injury but never stepped foot on the field. From 2003 to 2005, McDaniel played in the Arena Football League for both the Indiana Firebirds and Chicago Rush. He finished his AFL career with 198 catches for 2,309 yards and 41 touchdowns.
Personal.
He currently resides in his hometown new bern and helps coach new bern high. He was born in New Bern, North Carolina. He loved the game of football ever since and looked up to Hall of Fame receiver Lance Alworth. He resides in New Bern where he works as a high school coach. He has a daughter named Journee.

</doc>
<doc id="21547588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547588" title="Francis Johnston (bishop)">
Francis Johnston (bishop)

Francis Featherstonhaugh Johnston, CBE was the third Bishop of Egypt from 1952 until 1958. Born on 21 April 1891 and educated at Reigate Grammar School and Hatfield College, Durham, he was ordained in 1915. After a curacy at All Saints, Fishponds, Bristol he was a Temporary Chaplain to the Forces. After World War I he was Chaplain of Port Said and then Archdeacon of Egypt before his elevation to the Episcopate. On resigning his See he was Vicar of Ewshot until his death on 17 September 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21547614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547614" title="Trials (journal)">
Trials (journal)

Trials is an open access peer-reviewed online journal regarding performance and outcomes of randomized controlled trials. The journal is published by BioMed Central and the editors-in-chief are Doug Altman, Curt Furberg, Jeremy Grimshaw, and Peter Rothwell. The journal encourages both authors and peer reviewers to make use of the CONSORT and QUOROM checklists for randomized trials and systematic reviews, respectively.
Contents.
"Trials" publishes several types of articles, including regular research articles (detailing trial results), book reviews, commentaries on topics of contemporary interest that are usually commissioned by the journal, letter articles, articles on new experimental or computational methods, tests, or procedures, reviews including systematic reviews, and articles in the form of study protocols.
Study protocols.
"Trials" also publishes study protocols. The publication of study protocols has been proposed by some, including "Trials"' editor-in-chief Doug Altman, as a way to improve medical research on at least four areas: Publishing protocols before they are finalised will allow others to provide constructive criticism, potentially improving the suggested trial; readers of scientific articles will be able to compare what was intended with the trial to what was actually done, in order to identify inappropriate data dredging; in general, protocol publication lets people know what is underway, reducing the risk of wasteful duplication of research effort and ensures that results from all trials are published, reducing the risk of publication bias in systematic reviews; and finally, efforts to increase publication of protocols may also improve trial registration in registers such as ClinicalTrials.gov.

</doc>
<doc id="21547623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547623" title="Samuel Campbell (doctor)">
Samuel Campbell (doctor)

Samuel Campbell was ship's surgeon of HMS "Plumper" from 1857 to 1861. He is the namesake of Campbell Island, the location of the community of Balla Bella, and of the Campbell River on Vancouver Island, which is itself the namesake of the City of Campbell River.

</doc>
<doc id="21547624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547624" title="Fotos (album)">
Fotos (album)

Fotos is the debut album by German indie rock band Fotos, first released in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21547629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547629" title="Johnnie Dirden">
Johnnie Dirden

Johnnie B. Dirden, Jr. (born March 14, 1954 in Houston, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Houston Oilers, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. He now resides in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="21547636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547636" title="Craig Jackson (swimmer)">
Craig Jackson (swimmer)

Craig Jackson (born 18 September 1968) is a former Olympic swimmer who represented South Africa in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. He competed in the men's 100 metre butterfly, 200 metre butterfly and 4×100 metre freestyle relay.
Formerly a youth coach of the South African swimming team, where he was Junior Coach of the Year in 2005, he is currently a coach at Melbourne Vicentre, a Melbourne based swimming club.

</doc>
<doc id="21547644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547644" title="List of motor vehicle deaths in Thailand by year">
List of motor vehicle deaths in Thailand by year

This is a list of motor vehicle deaths in the Thailand by year. 64% of motor vehicles in Thailand are motorcycles such as scooters in 2006. Definitions for a fatality are deaths within 30 days. There were 212,060 km of roads in 2006, of which Highways 61,747km, Motorway 313 km, Rural Road 42,500 km. and Local road under local administration 107,500 km. 
See also.
International:

</doc>
<doc id="21547665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547665" title="Reggie Jones (wide receiver)">
Reggie Jones (wide receiver)

Reginald Lee Jones is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played for the Carolina Panthers (1995–1996), the Kansas City Chiefs (1997–1998, 2001), and the San Diego Chargers (2000–2001). He finished his career with the Ottawa Renegades of the CFL, where he caught 28 passes in 2002.
Jones was a member of the Louisiana State University football and track and field teams.

</doc>
<doc id="21547671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547671" title="Tim Carter (musicologist)">
Tim Carter (musicologist)

Tim Carter (born 1954) is an Australian musicologist with a special focus on late Renaissance music and Italian Baroque music. An active member of the field of musicology, Carter is a department chair at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he holds the position of David G. Frey Distinguished Professor. He has worked on the editorial boards or staffs of a number of prominent musical publications and has published extensively in the field.
Career.
Carter attended the universities of Durham and Birmingham. He has taught at various universities and served as department chair at Royal Holloway, University of London. In 2001, he took a position as Distinguished Professor and Chair in the music department of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.
Carter has been actively involved in a number of music associations, including the Royal Musical Association, the American Musicological Society and the Society for Seventeenth-Century Music (SSCM). He stood as president of the SSCM from 2003 to 2006. 
He has also been active in publication. In addition to editing and publishing various books and papers, he is active in several journals in his field. He served as the joint editor from 1992 to 1998 of the Oxford international journal "Music & Letters". He is on the editorial boards of "Journal of Seventeenth-Century Music", "Early Music", "Cambridge Opera Journal", "Studi musicali toscani: ricerche e cataloghi" and "Cambridge Studies in Opera".

</doc>
<doc id="21547674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547674" title="Ricky Whittle (American football)">
Ricky Whittle (American football)

Ricky Jerome Whittle is a former professional American football player who played running back for one season for the New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="21547675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547675" title="Local Gentry">
Local Gentry

Local Gentry is the third album by Bobbie Gentry. The second of four albums she released in 1968, it was produced by Kelly Gordon.
"Sittin' Pretty".
In 1971 the album was reissued as "Sittin' Pretty" minus the track "Come Away Melinda".

</doc>
<doc id="21547678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547678" title="Kolp">
Kolp

Kolp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21547688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547688" title="Megadontosuchus">
Megadontosuchus

Megadontosuchus is a genus of tomistomine crocodylian from the middle Eocene of Italy. Fossils have been found from Monte Duello in the province of Verona. The genus is currently monotypic, with the type and only species being "M. arduini". The species was originally named in 1880, although it was assigned to the genus "Crocodilius" (now spelled "Crocodylus"). The genus was first erected by paleontologist Charles C. Mook in 1955 along with the tomistomine genus "Kentisuchus", which was also first classified as "Crocodilius". No holotype for "Megadontosuchus" was designated in 1880, and a lectotype wasn't proposed until 2007.
"Megadontosuchus" differs from other tomistomines in that it has a more robust rostrum, very large teeth (hence the generic name meaing "big-toothed crocodile"), and large supratemporal fenestrae on the skull table.

</doc>
<doc id="21547690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547690" title="Ernest Beckett">
Ernest Beckett

Ernest Beckett was a footballer who played as a forward for Burslem Port Vale in the 1890s.
Playing career.
Beckett joined Burslem Port Vale in July 1895 from Newcastle Swifts. Scoring on his debut at Rotherham Town in a 2–0 win on 7 September 1895, he went on to score past Liverpool in a 5–4 victory at the Athletic Ground on 21 October. He became the club's top-scorer for the 1895–96 season with eight goals in 27 appearances. He returned to the Swifts in September 1896, after Vale were not re-elected into the Football League. After the club spent two seasons in the Midland League, Beats returned to Port Vale in August 1898. He scored nine goals in 21 Second Division games in 1898–99, before departing again in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="21547692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547692" title="Na Brown">
Na Brown

Na Orlando Brown (born February 22, 1977) is a professional indoor football wide receiver for the Huntington Hammer of the Ultimate Indoor Football League. He has also played for three seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Eagles in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft.
College career.
Brown attended the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. While at North Carolina, Brown accumulated 165 catches for 2,086 yards and 14 touchdowns. He also had a 48-yard touchdown run.
Professional career.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Brown was drafted in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL Draft, as the 130th pick overall by the Philadelphia Eagles. He played in parts of three seasons with the Eagles before he was released.
Orlando Predators.
In October 2002, Brown signed with the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League. After spending three months as part of the team in the offseason, he was released on January 23, 2003. He was later signed onto the Giants.
Huntington Hammer.
On September 16, 2011, it was announced that Brown had signed with the Huntington Hammer of the Ultimate Indoor Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21547694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547694" title="Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha">
Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha

William Ernest Bush (1861–1903) aka the Baron de Bush, was the only Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha. He was husband of the opera singer Pauline Joran, and father of Paulise de Bush, who became the "Baby Baroness" following his death in a railway accident in 1903.
Early life.
William Ernest Bush was born in 1861, in Hackney, London, the eldest son of William John Bush, the founder of "W J Bush & Co Ltd", a London-based manufacturer of scents and flavourings, some for the pharmaceutical industry, founded in 1851 at Bishopsgate. After William John Bush died in 1889, he was succeeded by his son as head of the company.
William Ernest Bush was a fellow of the Chemical Society of London. In his professional capacity he acted as the British Juror for Chemicals at the Antwerp International Exhibition in 1885. In 1888 he stood as the President of Chemical Section and was the British Representative on the Supreme Jury of the Brussels Exhibition in 1888. This led to him being granted the title of Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg-Gotha by Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha in ducal letters patent dated 25 December 1889. The Baron de Bush was granted a Royal license to use his title in the United Kingdom on 29 July 1896.
Marriage & death.
On 6 December 1899, de Bush married Clara Pauline Joran (1870–1954), daughter of Louis Grund Joran of Freeport, Illinois, USA. They had one child, a daughter called Paulise Mary Louise.
On 24 July 1903, de Bush died after falling in front of an express train near Northampton while he and his wife were travelling up to Scotland. The title was declared to be extinct in 1910. However, Bush's daughter Paulise (1900–1975) became the Baroness de Bush, and was called "The Baby Baroness" due to being the youngest Baroness in England. As a Freiin, (the daughter of a Freiherr) Paulise had the right to be addressed as "Baroness", although this could not be passed to her descendants. Control of "W J Bush & Co Ltd" passed on to a younger brother, John Mortimer Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="21547709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547709" title="Desire (1958 film)">
Desire (1958 film)

Desire () is a 1958 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21547717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547717" title="Will Moore (wide receiver)">
Will Moore (wide receiver)

Will Henry Moore III is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the New England Patriots and the Jacksonville Jaguars in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21547722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547722" title="Hinsberg oxindole synthesis">
Hinsberg oxindole synthesis

The Hinsberg oxindole synthesis is a method of preparing oxindoles from the bisulfite adducts of glyoxal. 

</doc>
<doc id="21547743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547743" title="Campbell River (Vancouver Island)">
Campbell River (Vancouver Island)

The Campbell River is a river on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, draining into Discovery Passage at the northwest end of the Strait of Georgia, at the City of Campbell River, which is named for the river. The Kwak'wala name for the river, or for the village near its mouth (see Campbell River Indian Reserve No. 11), is "Tla'mataxw". The source of the river is Buttle Lake.
Name origin.
The river was named for Dr. Samuel Campbell, ship's surgeon aboard the HMS "Plumper" from 1857 to 1861. Campbell Bay on Mayne Island and Samuel Island were also named for him, as may also have been Campbell Point on Loughborough Inlet and Campbell Island, the location of the community of Bella Bella.

</doc>
<doc id="21547744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547744" title="Stepfret Williams">
Stepfret Williams

Stepfret Williams III is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and the Cincinnati Bengals. He was also the leading receiver in yards in the XFL.
Early years.
Williams as a senior at Minden High School, received all-state honors playing defensive back, he was also an all-district selection at wide receiver, after registering 15 receptions for 350 yards.
He accepted a scholarship to the University of Louisiana at Monroe, where he concentrated on playing wide receiver. As a sophomore he became a starter and recorded 40 receptions for 929 yards (18th in the nation) and 10 touchdowns, receiving the first of three straight All-Southland Conference selections.
As a junior the league moved from Division I-AA to Division I. In a higher level of competition, he produced 57 receptions for 1,106 yards (sixth in the nation) and 10 touchdowns. In his final year, he had 66 receptions (14th in the nation) for 1,056 yards (12th in the nation) and 12 touchdowns. He also played in the Senior Bowl.
Williams is considered to be one of the greatest wide receivers in school history, after setting 15 records, including career marks with 3,177 receiving yards, 33 touchdowns, 16 one hundred yard receiving games, 11 receptions over 50 yards, the first UL Monroe player to gain over 1,000 yards twice in a career, the top two single-season yardage totals, two of the top four single-season reception totals and the top three single-season touchdown totals.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
He was drafted in the third round of the 1996 NFL draft by the Dallas Cowboys.
After not playing much as a rookie (1 reception for 36 yards), in his second season he was named the team's third down wide receiver and registered 30 receptions for 308 yards and 1 touchdown.
In his third season, the Cowboys changed head coaches, and after the team was forced to resign Sherman Williams because of an injury to backup running back Chris Warren, the team released Williams in order to remain under the salary cap.
Cincinnati Bengals.
On Sept. 2, 1998, Williams was claimed off waivers by the Cincinnati Bengals. He played in five games, registering six receptions for 81 yards and a touchdown. He was released before the start of the 1999 season.
San Diego Chargers.
In 2000, he signed as a free agent with the San Diego Chargers, but was released before the season started.
Birmingham Thunderbolts (XFL).
He was drafted in the sixth round of the 2001 XFL Draft by the Birmingham Thunderbolts. The XFL folded at the end of its debut season, after Williams registered 51 receptions for 828 yards (league leader) and 2 touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="21547746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547746" title="Arthur Prysock and Count Basie">
Arthur Prysock and Count Basie

Arthur Prysock and Count Basie is a 1965 studio album by Arthur Prysock and Count Basie and his orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="21547756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547756" title="Peru national football team results">
Peru national football team results

This article covers Peru national football team results and future fixtures.
2006.
Peru played 7 friendly matches.
2007.
Peru played 14 matches. Six friendlies, four Copa América matches, and four 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
2008.
Peru played 10 matches.
2009.
Peru played 11 matches.
2010.
Peru played 5 matches.
2011.
Peru played 17 matches, including the first 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21547769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547769" title="John Everard (preacher)">
John Everard (preacher)

John Everard (1584?–1641) was an English preacher and author. He was also a Familist, hermetic thinker, Neoplatonist, and alchemist. He is known for his translations of mystical and hermetic literature.
Life.
He graduated B.A, at Clare College, Cambridge in 1600, M.A. in 1607, and D.D in 1619. He was lecturer at St Martin in the Fields from 1618. He was imprisoned, twice in a short space of time, for preaching about Spanish cruelties, as a way of commenting against the Spanish Match.
He was later chaplain to Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland, and a religious radical pursuing his own beliefs. He lived for some years with the furnace-maker William White, and during the 1620s was in touch with Robert Fludd; he possessed copied manuscripts of Nicholas Hill. He was a friend of Roger Brereley the Grindletonian, and was praised by John Webster. He was brought before the Court of High Commission in 1636, when he was vicar of Fairstead, Essex, and charged with various heresies: Familism, Antinomianism, Anabaptism. He was fined heavily. On a second occasion, in 1640, he recanted his spiritualist beliefs.
His sermons, published posthumously, are between Martin Marprelate and Richard Overton in style. In the preface by Rapha Harford to "Some Gospel-treasures Opened", the publisher places Evarard centrally on two axes, rationalist-formalist and Familist-Ranter.

</doc>
<doc id="21547771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547771" title="Sofia Ionescu">
Sofia Ionescu

Sofia Ionescu-Ogrezeanu (25 April 1920 – 21 March 2008) was a Romanian neurosurgeon and is considered one of the first female neurosurgeons in the world.
Early life.
Ionescu was born in Fălticeni, Suceava, daughter of Constantin Ogrezeanu and Maria Ogrezeanu. She only weighed 2.2 lb at birth, and had unusually long fingers that helped her through her career. Her father wanted her to be young lady and housewife.
Ionescu's interest in medicine began after she met one of her best friends Aurelia Dumitru, and her father Dr. Dumitru. The death of one of her school friends, who died in Paris due to an infection after brain surgery, impelled Ionescu to apply to medical school.
Education.
Supported by her mother, she applied to medical school in Bucharest in 1939. In her first internship year, she studied ophthalmology. Another year, she spent in Suceava at a poorly-equipped clinic during a typhus epidemic. In one of the school breaks she volunteered to take care of Soviet prisoners at Stamate Hospital in Fălticeni, her home-town. She entered the surgical service of the hospital, doing her first surgical operations, mostly amputations.
On 15 October 1943, when she became an intern at Hospital Nr. 9 in Bucharest. In the neurological clinic established by Dr. Bagdasar, she would meet Ionel Ionescu, who later became her husband.
Career.
She was a neurosurgeon for 47 years at Hospital Nr. 9, forming an extraordinary team with Ionel Ionescu, and Constantin Arseni, under the guidance of Dimitrie Bagdasar. They formed the first neurological team of Romania, later called “The golden team”, which helped develop neurosurgery in Romania. 
In 1970, the favorite wife of the Sheikh of Abu Dhabi had become ill. As a man could not enter the harem, they needed to find a female doctor. Ionescu stayed one week at the woman’s side and cured her. As a reward the sheik gave her 2,000 dollars and an expensive piece of jewelry. The money she had to give to the state and the jewelry was lost by her daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21547777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547777" title="Constitution of Ghana">
Constitution of Ghana

The Constitution of Ghana is the supreme law of the Republic of Ghana. It was approved on 28 April 1992 through a national referendum after 92% support. It defines the fundamental political principles, establishing the structure, procedures, powers and duties of the government, structure of the judiciary and legislature, and spells out the fundamental rights and duties of citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="21547785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547785" title="Warao language">
Warao language

Warao (also known as Guarauno, Guarao, Warrau) is the native language of the Warao people. A language isolate, it is spoken by about 28,000 people primarily in northern Venezuela, Guyana and Suriname. It is notable for its unusual object–subject–verb word order.
Description.
The language had an estimated 28,100 speakers in Venezuela as of 2007. The Warao people live chiefly in the Orinoco Delta region of northeastern Venezuela, with smaller communities in western Guyana and Suriname.
The language's basic word order has been analyzed as object–subject–verb, a very rare word order among nominative–accusative languages such as Warao. It appears to be a language isolate, unrelated to any other language in the region or elsewhere. However, Terrence Kaufman (1994) included it in his hypothetical Macro-Paezan family, but the necessary supporting work was never done. Julian Granberry connected many of the grammatical forms, including nominal and verbal suffixes, of Warao to the Timucua language of north Florida, also a language isolate, suggesting creolization as a possible explanation for these similarities.

</doc>
<doc id="21547795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547795" title="Kaze no Hana">
Kaze no Hana

Kaze no Hana is a Japanese manga series that was written by Akiyoshi Ohta, and was illustrated by Ushio mizta. It consists of three volumes released in Japan by MediaWorks and was licensed and released in English by Yen Press.
Plot.
Orphaned four years ago by an accident that took her parents and her memory, 16 year-old Momoka Futami travels to Mitsurugi City upon receiving an invitation from the Mitsurugi House, her father’s very powerful relatives who offer to take her in. What awaits her far exceeds her fears and expectations-a spiritual sword, Suzukaze, and a tumultuous battle. The Purification, a pillar replacement ceremony, has begun, but the Mitsurugi Clan loses their spiritual swords to Keiya Mano, a member of the Shichou Group. Upon learning that she holds the key to regain the spiritual swords, Momoka becomes overwhelmed by the pressure and runs away. However, with Shouta's encouragement, she decides to face her enemy and her destiny head-on

</doc>
<doc id="21547801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547801" title="The Glory Hole">
The Glory Hole

The Glory Hole is the fourth and final studio album from Scottish band Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="21547803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547803" title="Telotroch">
Telotroch

Telotroch is the free-swimming stage of members of the order Sessilida. Sessilida are ciliate protozoa of the subclass Peritrichia.
A sessile individual can turn into a motile one to migrate to a better place.
Another definition of telotroch: a posterior tuft of cilia in larvae of some animals. See trochophore larva and hemichordates for references.

</doc>
<doc id="21547810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547810" title="Paul Kodish">
Paul Kodish

Paul Kodish is a professional drummer raised in Willesden, London. Kodish has performed with several other artists including hip hop act Whodini in 1986, and drum and bass group Bad Company. He was also one of two drummers for electronica band Apollo 440 between 1997 and 2005 and the drummer in Australian-British drum and bass band Pendulum between 2006 and 2009. Kodish spent a short time during 2010 drumming with Liverpool band Killaflaw, including performing at several concerts and also providing recorded drums for their debut album 'Sleaze and Grit'. He currently supports DJ Fresh's crew with his tour as FRESH/Live.
Biography.
Early career: 1986–1996.
Kodish grew up in Willesden, London. He learnt to play the drums at an early age, and was heavily influenced by several notable drummers including Billy Cobham, Steve Gadd and Stewart Copeland. His earliest professional gig was with Brooklyn hip hop act Whodini, as the drummer on their 1986 studio album "Back in Black". Over the next ten years he performed with several different artists including Eye to Eye, T-Funk Phunk lawds and Jean Michel Jarre,IBEX . Pendulum .DJ fresh .Apollo 440 .Maximum Roach. Moving fusion .Adam f ... and soon became familiar with the London drum and bass scene.
Apollo 440: 1996–2005.
In 1986 Kodish's first big break came when he linked up with linked he legendary rap artists Whodini(The freaks come out at night ) and went on to work and record with them for 3 years .
After this he hooked up with Reinforced crew jungle dnb funk legends, out of this came the very unique Band Ibex fronted by the uber talented Mc MG .Nick Philpin and Kenny Couger(KevinGoodman) who later joined Apollo440 and MaximumRoach
In 1996 Kodish formed the jungle-surf fusion band Maximum Roach with Noko of Apollo 440 and Ian "Mary Mary" Hoxley, former lead singer of Gaye Bykers on Acid Harry K. He then joined Apollo 440 with Mary Mary and Harry K in 1997, as their second drummer. Kodish toured extensively with Apollo 440 that year, and they were invited to support U2 in Israel During his time with them he appeared on two albums, "Gettin' High on Your Own Supply" and "Dude Descending a Staircase". Two years later after many lineup changes Noko left Maximum Roach and was replaced by Perry ap Gwynedd, who eventually joined Pendulum with Kodish. Noko then reunited with Maximum Roach in 2005 to record new material,which unfortunately never got released. but in a Kodish interview Kodish stated Maximum roach and Apollo 440 as being the best bands he'd ever played in and would die happy with those memories.kodish is currently playing with DJ fresh who was introduced to Kodish by Howard grey from Apollo who met him in Japan while with Bad company the dnb crew ...
Later event iconic events lead Dj fresh introducing Kodish To Rob swire at an Andy c gig at the End club in london where Kodish and swire both decided it was time to put the Pendulum live band together.
Pendulum: 2005–2009.
Prior to leaving Apollo 440, Kodish had joined the drum and bass group Bad Company as part of their live act. Although he did not remain with them for long, he did become friends with Dan Stein, better known as Fresh, who went on to produce several songs with Pendulum. In 2005 Kodish met the lead singer and producer of Pendulum, Rob Swire, to whom he suggested trying to play tracks live from the band's debut album, "Hold Your Colour". Soon after he joined the band as their first live drummer, and went on to perform on the band's second studio album, "In Silico". Kodish toured extensively with Pendulum between 2006 and 2010 In 2010 it was announced that Kodish was no longer a member of the band. After a short stint with Liverpool Band Killaflaw, he reunited with Dj fresh and his Fresh/live Project. Aside from rejoining the Fresh/live Project, Kodish's reason for leaving Pendulum is still relatively unknown.
Musical equipment.
Kodish plays a customised drum kit including Gretsch drums, and Zildjian cymbals. He has also used ddrum triggers and pads, and various other percussion instruments including bells and a 30" gong.
roland vdrums td30's to name a few electronics. muse receptors .Ableton live .
Zildjian cymbals:
Gretsch Renown Maple drums:
Other equipment:
Discography.
Albums with Whodini:
Albums with Apollo 440:
Albums with Pendulum:
Singles with Pendulum:

</doc>
<doc id="21547817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547817" title="H.E.A.T">
H.E.A.T

H.E.A.T is a Swedish glam metal band formed in Upplands Väsby in 2007, when the bands "Dream" and "Trading Fate" merged.
History.
The band were signed to Peter Stormares record label StormVox, and in 2008 the debut album "H.E.A.T" was released. The second album, titled Freedom Rock, came in 2010 on the same record label.
In 2011 they signed with GAIN music (Sony) and they also signed a new management, Hagenburg management.
In 2007, they were an opening act to Toto, and the following year they were the opening act to Sabaton and Alice Cooper, as well as performed at the Sweden Rock Festival that year. They were also awarded with the "Årets nykomlingar" award, an award given out by the Swedish radio station P4 Dist for the best new artist of the year, as voted by the listeners.
In 2009, the band played at the Melodifestivalen 2009, the Swedish qualifier to the annual Eurovision Song Contest, making it to the final round with the song "1000 miles". The band have also toured around Europe as an opening act to Edguy in January 2009. Vocalist Kenny Leckremo left the band after playing 27 July at Gröna Lund. On 21 August, H.E.A.T. stated that the new singer is Erik Grönwall, Freedom Rock was ranked in the top 10 AOR/Melodic Rock albums of 2010 by Classic Rock Magazine.
H.E.A.T released their third studio album "Address The Nation" 28.03.2012. The first single off the album was "Living On The Run". It was the first album with new singer Grönwall, and it featured in many of the top 10 list of Music sites around the web. it also received a review of 98% on Melodicrock.com.
2014 will see the return of the much anticipated new album Tearing Down The Walls and in October 2014 they will headline the last ever Firefest concert at Rock City in Nottingham, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="21547824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547824" title="The Fray discography">
The Fray discography

The discography of The Fray, an American piano rock band, consists of four studio albums, three live albums, one compilation album, three extended plays, twelve singles, one promotional single and ten music videos. The members of the group met in a music store in Denver – independently, positive coverage from many local media outlets brought them to the attention of Epic Records, who signed them in 2004. The Fray's debut studio album, "How to Save a Life", was released in 2005. Five singles were released from the album in total: the first two, "Over My Head (Cable Car)" and the album's title track, both reached the top ten of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and were certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA): the latter also topped the Irish singles chart and reached number 4 in the United Kingdom.
The Fray's second album, "The Fray", was inspired by a series of trips they took to Rwanda, and featured production from Brendan O'Brien. After its release in February 2009, "The Fray" became their first album to top the US "Billboard" 200, and also reached the top ten of the Canadian and United Kingdom albums charts. Its release was preceded by the release of the single "You Found Me", which reached number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was also certified triple platinum by the RIAA. It also achieved success in Australia, where it topped the singles chart and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). Three further singles – "Never Say Never", a cover of the Kanye West song "Heartless" and "Syndicate" – were also released from the album.
In 2010, The Fray released their third album, named "Scars & Stories": the title comes from an unreleased B-side previously recorded by the group. It charted at number 4 on the "Billboard" 200 and at number 6 in Canada, and spawned two singles: "Heartbeat", which reached number 42 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and "Run for Your Life".

</doc>
<doc id="21547842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547842" title="Zimbabwe Institution of Engineers">
Zimbabwe Institution of Engineers

The Zimbabwe Institution of Engineers is the professional organization of engineers in Zimbabwe. It has graded membership, including student, technician, graduate and corporate membership as well as the status of fellow. 

</doc>
<doc id="21547847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547847" title="Train Without a Timetable">
Train Without a Timetable

Train Without a Timetable () is a 1959 Yugoslav film directed by Veljko Bulajić. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 32nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="21547863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547863" title="Jurong Point Shopping Mall">
Jurong Point Shopping Mall

Jurong Point (Chinese: 裕廊坊) is a suburban shopping mall in Jurong West, Singapore. It is next to Boon Lay MRT station and Boon Lay Bus Interchange. The centre features more than 450 shops, making it the largest suburban mall in Singapore, a record previously held by VivoCity which had at least 335 shops.
History.
Jurong Point first opened its doors on 5 December 1995 with 95 retailers including Courts, NTUC FairPrice, Kopitiam, Old Chang Kee and Soo Kee Jewellery. All were setting up shop in a mall environment for the first time and have not moved out since then.
Jurong Point has undergone two expansions. In 1998, an additional of space was successfully secured for the first extension of Jurong Point, which opened on 2 December 2000. Jurong Point was enlarged to in JP1 during this extension. In 2008, it was further enlarged to , with the addition of JP2, a new wing. After its second expansion, it houses 10 thematic retail zones with additional anchors such as Yue Hwa Chinese Products, FairPrice Xtra and Harris Bookstore. With JP2, parking lots significantly increased from 415 to 1467. Shopping traffic at JP1 and JP2 total more than 3 million shoppers a month and crowd every weekend.
Tenants.
JP1 has about 220 retailers and JP2 has about 230, adding to a total of 450 retailers. This makes it Singapore's largest shopping mall in number of tenants, compared to 335 in VivoCity. Notable tenants include John Little and Fairprice Xtra. Lots of food courts and restaurants are available as well.
The Centris.
A condominium, called "The Centris", occupies levels 5 to 16 of JP2. It has 610 units, all of which are fully sold. It gained its Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) in July 2009.
Boon Lay Bus Interchange.
The old bus interchange has turned into the new extension building of Jurong Point, hence it shares the same postal code as the old bus interchange, 'Singapore 648881'. The new Boon Lay Bus Interchange is fully air-conditioned and has 60 bus bays with escalators linking from JP2 Level 3, near FairPrice Xtra, JP2 Basement 1, beside Stalford Learning Centre, and three links from JP2 Level 1. It was opened on 27 December 2009. Together with Jurong Point Shopping Mall, and Boon Lay MRT station, they are part of the Boon Lay Integrated Public Transport Hub.

</doc>
<doc id="21547865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547865" title="Howard Harvey">
Howard Harvey

Howard Harvey was a footballer who played as a centre-forward for Small Heath and Aston Villa, Burslem Port Vale, Manchester City, and Burton United in the 1890s and early 1900s.
Playing career.
Harvey played for Small Heath and Aston Villa, before joining Burslem Port Vale for a £50 transfer fee in June 1898. He scored 13 goals in 41 appearances in the 1898–99 campaign, helping the club to finish ninth in the Second Division. He scored a hat-trick past Chesterfield in a 4–0 win at Saltergate on 4 November 1899, and hit a total of 17 goals in 24 games in the 1899–1900 season to finish as the club's top-scorer. This was despite the fact that he was sold on to Manchester City in January 1900 as Vale suffered financial difficulties. He scored once in five First Division games for City in 1899–1900. He played two games without scoring in the 1900–01 campaign. He later moved on to Burton United.

</doc>
<doc id="21547872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547872" title="Delta delay">
Delta delay

In VHDL simulations, all signal assignments occur with some infinitesimal delay, known as delta delay. Technically, delta delay is of no measurable unit, but from a hardware design perspective one should think of delta delay as being the smallest time unit one could measure, such as a femtosecond (fs).

</doc>
<doc id="21547884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547884" title="Tekniikan Maailma">
Tekniikan Maailma

Tekniikan Maailma () is one of the leading automobile magazines in Finland and the biggest all around technology magazine in Scandinavia, published by Otava Media. The magazine covers all kinds of technology but around half is related to automobiles. The magazine started in 1945 as Harrastelija -lehti () and was named to Tekniikan Maailma in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="21547889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547889" title="Milton, Cherwell">
Milton, Cherwell

Milton is a village and civil parish about south of Banbury in Oxfordshire.
The Church of England parish church of Saint John the Evangelist was built in 1856 by the Gothic Revival architect William Butterfield.
Milton has one public house, the Black Boy Inn, that is now a gastropub., owned by chef Marco Pierre White
The former Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway, part of the Great Western Railway, was completed in 1881. The GWR opened a small railway station, Milton Halt, in 1908 on the northern edge of the village near Manor Farm. British Railways closed the halt in 1951 and closed the railway to freight traffic in 1964. The track was removed in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="21547894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547894" title="Campbell River (Semiahmoo Bay)">
Campbell River (Semiahmoo Bay)

The Campbell River passes through Surrey and Langley, British Columbia, Canada, entering Semiahmoo Bay at the Semiahmoo Indian Reserve, which lies between the City of White Rock and Peace Arch Park on the international boundary.
Originally labelled Campbell Creek in 1917 by the Geographic Board of Canada, it was labelled Tahtaloo on International Boundary Survey sheet 2 (date not cited); variant spellings include Tahla too, Tah-la-loo, and Tah tu lo. It was probably named after Archibald Campbell, US commissioner in the joint negotiations to locate the international boundary 1857-1862, who had his camp at the mouth of the creek. It was identified in the field notes of Joseph Trutch's survey as Semiahmoo Creek in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="21547908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547908" title="Jerusalem Music Centre">
Jerusalem Music Centre

The Jerusalem Music Centre is an institute for musical education in Mishkenot Sha’ananim, Jerusalem, Israel. The centre helps young Israeli musicians to develop their talents through multi-annual programs and courses, master classes, and performances. The centre also hosts musical events for the public, including concerts, workshops and seminars.
History.
The Jerusalem Music Centre was established in 1973, at the initiative of the violinist and educator Isaac Stern, Jerusalem’s mayor at the time, Teddy Kollek, and British philosopher Isaiah Berlin. The Program for Excelling Young Violinists, including master classes with well-known musicians and chamber ensembles for young musicians, was established in 1980. The Excelling Musicians Program in the IDF, which allows young musicians to continue their studies and development during their military service, was established in 1985 together with the Jerusalem Music Centre. The Jerusalem Quartet, Israel’s first professional chamber group, was formed under the auspices of the Centre and other institutions in 1997. In 2000, the Jerusalem Music Centre established a program for teaching string instruments in elementary schools in Jerusalem and the periphery, together with the Education Ministry.
In 2009, the renowned pianist Murray Perahia was appointed president of the Jerusalem Music Center. Perahia is known for his emphasis on musical theory and the intelligent execution of musical works.
Programs for Excelling Young Musicians.
The Programs for excelling young musicians are a whole cluster of programs intended for primary and high school children, typically designed for long-term participation, focusing on children aged 14–18.
The programs’ goal is to significantly enhance the musical education that the participants receive from other sources, such as private teachers or the local conservatory. These programs focus on playing chamber music: Chamber music emphasizes the inclusive, non-competitive and social nature of music; the teaching of chamber music requires resources and expertise beyond the reach of most schools; and, more often than not, chamber music is the most complex, deep and challenging music.
Thus, in the beginning of every school year, participants form ensembles – string quartets, piano trios and so on – and meet for weekly or bi-weekly rehearsals with senior coaches. 6-8 times a year, participants are gathered for an intensive weekend, which allow for more intensive work, the creation of "ad hoc" different (some times larger) ensembles, as well as special topical workshops (music analysis, rhythm, improvisation, non-western music, contemporary and Israeli music and so on), lectures by various experts, and concerts in which the ensembles play for each other and for their teachers. Twice a year, the participants take part in an intensive 3-week summer course, at end of which they form the Young Israeli Philharmonic Orchestra, and perform in central halls in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv.
Location and Facilities.
The Centre houses a hall for lectures, concerts and lessons, a number of smaller studios, and an audio and video recording studio. The Jerusalem Music Centre is part of the Mishkenot Sha’ananim complex, situated in the neighborhood of Yemin Moshe in Jerusalem. The complex includes a convention centre, a hostel for artists and intellectuals taking part in cultural activities in Jerusalem, and a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="21547909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547909" title="Delta 1000">
Delta 1000

The Delta 1000 series (also referred to as Straight-Eight) was an American expendable launch system which was used to conduct eight orbital launches between 1972 and 1975. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets. Several variants existed, differentiated by a four digit numerical code.
The same first stage and boosters were used on all variants. The first stage was an Extended Long Tank Thor, a further stretched version of the Long Tank Thor used on earlier versions, itself derived from the Thor missile. Four, six or nine Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off.
The nickname "Straight-Eight" comes from the fact that its second stage variants had the same 8 ft. (2.4 m) diameter as the first stage; previous Delta second stages were smaller in diameter. Two different second stages were flown, depending on the variant:
Some flights used a third stage, either the Thiokol Star-37D or Star-37E, for launches beyond low Earth orbit. One probe launched by the Delta 1000 series, Explorer 49, was placed in lunar orbit.
Delta 1000 rockets were launched from Space Launch Complex 2W at Vandenberg AFB and Launch Complex 17B at Cape Canaveral. All eight launches were successful

</doc>
<doc id="21547913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547913" title="Andy Bodel">
Andy Bodel

Andrew (Andy) Bodel (born 12 February 1957) is a former English professional footballer who played for Oxford United and Oxford City.

</doc>
<doc id="21547924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547924" title="Los Amigos">
Los Amigos

Los Amigos ("Punto e Capo", also known as Deaf Smith & Johnny Ears) is a 1973 spaghetti western film starring Anthony Quinn and Franco Nero in 1973. The film is loosely based on the life of Deaf Smith, with direction of Paolo Cavara.
Plot.
The Republic of Texas has just gained its independence from Mexico. Erastus "Deaf" Smith, who is a deaf mute, and his partner Johnny Ears are sent by Texas president Sam Houston to stop general Morton, who plots against the annexation of Texas by the USA.
They find their contact McDonald and his family massacred by Morton and his men. McDonald’s daughter Hester is married to Morton, and when Smith convinces her of the truth she helps them overhear a conversation where a German diplomat promises Morton new weapons.
They have a saloon fight with men of Morton. Johnny recognises a girl he earlier has watched taking a bath in the river as the prostitute Susie Q. Deaf pays so he can spend a night with her. Later he is jealous on her other customers, but when she suggests that they leave together using her money, he says that Deaf needs him. Later he refuses to go on with the dangerous mission because he is in love and hits Deaf.
Deaf steals dynamite in Morton’s fort but is almost given away by a garter with bells that he was given by a prostitute and has forgotten that he still keeps in his pocket. He is then pursued and kills the men in sneak fight in a cave, by throwing knives against their gun blazes. Johnny now rejoins him and offers Deaf to return the blow. They laugh.
They set a trap with explosives to blow up the weapons transport to Morton, but stop the explosion when they see that children are part of the wagon train. Instead they infiltrate Morton's fort and destroy his men with explosives and with the new weapon, a machine gun that Deaf can handle because he could read the lips of the instructor. Hester is killed during the fight. Morton begs for his life. He is given a gun by Deaf, goes for it, and is killed.
Susie leaves together with Johnny and Deaf. In the morning the deaf mute is gone, leaving Johnny his watch. Johnny cries out his name.
About the director.
Good morning from Rome: "«This is not a spaghetti western,»" director Paolo Cavara insisted on the set of "Los Amigos", or, as it may be called, "Deaf Smith and Johhny Ears", or perhaps "Two men". The two men are Anthony Quinn and Franco Nero – and the girl, Pamela Tiffin, by the way… "«I’m not one of those western directors,»" Cavara adds. "«The day of those blood–and–guts oaters made over here is over. They have to something else–and this one is a “psychological western.”»" (…) "«The Italians prefer their U.S. pictures dubbed,»" director Cavara confirmed. Three of the four theatres SRO–showing "The Godfather" here show dubbed versions, one with subtitles. "«We have been dubbing here for 25 years and do it perfectly,»" he said. He was shooting most of this film with sound, rare for these h’yar parts. And was using a very lightweight, easily portable 35m Arriflex camera. Director Cavara had filmed many "Mondo Cane" scenes in the US, and ironically, last year was about to shoot a film, ""Getting Off"", in N.Y.. with a promising stage actor – Al Pacino. But after four months’ preparation, the film deal fell through. He hopes to be able to nab Pacino for a future project. One coming up is ""Men A"" to film in N.Y., Africa and Orient. It’s a story about man and pollution, a subject which now seems to be as universal as westerns, spaghetti or otherwise. "«But", – Cavara smiles – "whatever the film I make, it is always the same – about human relationship.»" He wants Nero to star again for him…
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund discusses this film as a variation of the partnership plot that was used in many Spaghetti Westerns following the success of For a Few Dollars More. Compared to 
the latter story, where the bounty killer partners at first have a fight and one of them later turns out to have a secret vengeance motive, the two protagonists of "Los Amigos" form a steady pair from the beginning. Johnny acquires a secondary motive—a love interest—and in the end their partnership is dissolved. Otherwise this is basically a professional story that concentrates on the problems and the methods of the heroes to reach their goals, especially the conditions arising from Smith's deafness.

</doc>
<doc id="21547929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547929" title="Sugar Harvest">
Sugar Harvest

Sugar Harvest () is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21547946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547946" title="Peter Kuhfeld">
Peter Kuhfeld

Peter Kuhfeld (born 4 March 1952) is an English figurative painter. He was born in Cheltenham and is married to the English figurative painter Cathryn Kuhfeld, née Showan. They have two daughters who have often appeared in their paintings.
Biography.
Kuhfeld is the only child of a German prisoner of war and an English classical pianist. Between 1972-76 he studied at Leicester School of Art. He worked from 1976-1978 at Rugby School of Art, where he gave lessons in drawing and painting, before securing a place at the prestigious Royal Academy School of Art. During 1977-80 Kuhfeld studied under the painter Peter Greenham CBE, RA. In 1978 he was created a Freeman of the Worshipful Company of Painters.
While at the Royal Academy Schools Kuhfeld won various notable scholarships and prizes:
1978-79 David Murray Landscape Prize; 1979 Royal Academy of Art Silver Medal for Drawing, Royal College of Surgeons Dooley Prize for Anatomical Drawing; 1980 Elizabeth Greenshield Foundation Scholarship and Richard Ford Scholarship for study in Spain.
In 1985 the New Grafton Gallery in London gave Kuhfeld his first major exhibition, with the painter Christa Ga, which helped establish him as one of the up-and-coming members of the New English Art movement. In 1986 Kuhfeld was elected to membership of the New English Art Club. In 1992 he became an elected member of the Royal Society of Portrait Painters, which he resigned in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21547956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547956" title="Semiahmoo Indian Reserve">
Semiahmoo Indian Reserve

The Semiahmoo Indian Reserve ( ) is an Indian Reserve in the Lower Mainland, British Columbia, located on Semiahmoo Bay between the City of White Rock and Peace Arch Park, which sits astride the international boundary with Washington state. It is under the administration of the Semiahmoo First Nation, which is the band government of the Semiahmoo people a North Straits Salish-speaking subgroup of the Coast Salish.

</doc>
<doc id="21547958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547958" title="Joseph Wulf">
Joseph Wulf

Joseph Wulf (22 December 1912 – 10 October 1974) was a German-Polish-Jewish historian and Holocaust survivor.
Early life.
Born in Chemnitz, the child of a Jewish family, Wulf was educated in Krakow. At the Jewish university there he was trained as a Rabbi. After the German occupation of Poland in the Second World War the Wulf family was deported to the Krakow Ghetto. There Wulf joined a Jewish group of resistance fighters. He was captured and imprisoned in Auschwitz Concentration Camp, and he survived after fleeing one of the notorious death marches. His wife and son survived the war, but he lost his father, mother, brother, sister-in-law, and niece.
Wannsee Memorial.
In 1965, Wulf proposed that the Wannsee House, site of the Wannsee Conference in 1942, should be made into a Holocaust memorial and document centre. But German government was not interested at that time. The building was in use as a school, and funding was not available. Despondent, Wulf committed suicide in 1974 by jumping from the fifth floor window of his Berlin apartment, Giesebrechtstraße 12, Charlottenburg. "I have published 18 books about the Third Reich and they have had no effect. You can document everything to death for the Germans. There is a democratic regime in Bonn. Yet the mass murderers walk around free, live in their little houses, and grow flowers," he said in his last letter to his son, David. On 20 January 1992, on the fiftieth anniversary of the conference, the site was finally opened as a Holocaust memorial and museum. In the dining room where the conference was held, photographs and biographies of the participants hang on the wall. The museum also hosts permanent exhibits of texts and photographs that document events of the Holocaust and its planning. The Joseph Wulf Bibliothek / Mediothek on the second floor houses a large collection of books on the Nazi era, plus other materials such as microfilms and original Nazi documents.
Postwar historian.
At war's end Wulf remained in Poland, and was from 1945 to 1947 executive member of the Central Jewish Historical Commission. In the summer of 1947 he moved to Paris and worked for the Centre pour l'Histoire des Juifs Polonais. In 1952 Wulf moved to Berlin. Wulf published many books about the Third Reich, among them biographies of Heinrich Himmler and Martin Bormann.
Wulf was honored with the Leo Baeck Prize (1961), the Carl von Ossietzky Medal (1964), and an honorary doctorate from the Free University of Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="21547966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547966" title="Joe Moran (hurler)">
Joe Moran (hurler)

Joe Moran (born 1987 in Carrigaline, County Cork) is an Irish inter-county hurler. At club level he plays with Carrigaline, and at county level he plays with the Cork senior team.
Moran played at underage level for Cork and played with Cork in the 2006 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship, winning the Munster championship.
In 2008, he was a key player for Carrigaline as they won the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship, being described as the team defence's "bedrock". Moran was among the players who were called up to the Cork senior squad by Gerald McCarthy for the 2009 National Hurling League when the 2008 squad refused to play under McCarthy, having featured in the pre-season Waterford Crystal tournament. He did not start for Cork in their first match, a loss to Dublin, but was drafted in at right half-back for the second game, against Tipperary. Along with Craig Leahy and Glenn O'Connor, he was praised for a "steady" performance; however, he only played 26 minutes in the next game, against Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="21547986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547986" title="Music &amp; Letters">
Music &amp; Letters

Music & Letters is an academic journal published quarterly by Oxford University Press with a focus on musicology. The journal sponsors the Music & Letters Trust, twice-yearly cash awards of variable amounts to support research in the music field.
A. H. Fox Strangways established the journal in 1920 and served as editor-in-chief until 1937. Eric Blom served as editor from 1937 to 1950 and again from 1954 to 1959. Other editors-in-chief have included Richard Capell, J.A. Westrup, Denis Arnold, Edward Olleson, Nigel Fortune, John Whenham, and Tim Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="21547992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547992" title="Lewisham North">
Lewisham North

Lewisham North may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21547999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21547999" title="Tuulilasi">
Tuulilasi

Tuulilasi () is the biggest automobile magazine in Finland. It has been published since 1963 by A-lehdet Oy, as of 2009 the third publisher in the country. The magazine is published 16 times per year.
See also.
List of magazines in Finland

</doc>
<doc id="21548046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548046" title="Tun Mutahir of Pahang">
Tun Mutahir of Pahang

Tun Muhammad Tahir, better known as Tun Mutahir was (Bendahara Seri Maharaja, Raja Bendahara Pahang V (1847-1863)) the last Bendahara of the Old Johor Sultanate. As also the last Raja Bendahara of Pahang, he ruled the vassal state of Pahang until his death in 1863 following the Pahang Civil War.
Early life.
He was born in 1803. His father was Tun Ali, Bendahara Siwa Raja and his mother was Che Wan Ngah of the Bendahara family. He was privately educated as was the customs of the nobility then. In 1832, he was proclaimed as Bendahara Muda (Bendahara in waiting) in a ceremony in Lingga, then capital of the Johore empire. He had 3 spouses: Tengku Kechik the princess of the Johore Sultan, Sultan Abdul Rahman; Tengku Chik, the princess of the Kedah Sultan, Sultan Ahmad Tajuddin II; and Tengku Chik princess of the Johore Sultan, Sultan Muhammad. Tun Ali also married Chik Puan Lingga in 1832 and Tun Ahmad was born from this union.
Bendaharaship and Civil War.
Tun Ali entered into a semi-retirement in 1847 and handed the reins to Tun Mutahir. Tun Mutahir followed the policy of Bendahara Ali and not much is written about his reign. In 1857 Bendahara Ali signed a proclamation indicating that Tun Ahmad be put to death due to his misconduct. Bendahara Ali wanted Tun Ahmad and his accomplice be put to death.
Tun Ahmad immediately fled to Singapore and returned to Pahang at the time of the death of Tun Ali. Conflict broke between both parties which resulted in a civil war which engulfed Pahang. This conflict not only involved the Pahang princes but also involved Temenggung of Johore, the Terengganu Sultan as well as the British playing a political role. The war is the most decisive in the history of the Old Johore Sultanate. The conflict ended when Tun Mutahir was mortally wounded in 1863.
Aftermath of Civil War.
Tun Mutahir was buried in Bukit Timbalan, Johor Bahru, Johor. Tun Ahmad ousted Tun Mutahir and he had no interest of continuing as the Bendahara of Johor. He was proclaimed as Sultan Ahmad I in 1882 and founded the modern Pahang Sultanate which sealed the breakup of the Johor Sultanate. The Temenggung of Johor (Maharaja 1868–1885) was given recognition by the British and proclaimed the Sultan of Johor three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="21548051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548051" title="Steve Clamp">
Steve Clamp

Steven "Steve" Clamp (born 3 January 1976) is a British broadcast journalist and presenter with ITV Central.
Career.
In 1995 his first television role was as a cameraman, editor, presenter and reporter for Chelsea TV. In 1998 he 'transferred' and became a senior reporter for Manchester United TV. In 2000 he begun presenting for Sky Sports News and on occasions Sky News; whilst also presenting a weekly phone-in for Manchester United TV.
In January 2002, he joined the BBC West Midlands regional news programmes "Midlands Today" as a senior sports reporter.
In May 2005, he moved ITV Central and as the main presenter of the East edition of "ITV News Central". On 20 February 2009 he was made redundant by the station. He freelanced with ITN, appearing on the "", "ITV News London" and Setanta Sports News. In August 2009 he rejoined ITV Central as sports correspondent and relief newscaster.
Personal life.
On 21 February 2005 the BBC West Midlands regional programme "Inside Out" revealed that Steve and his then wife had suffered two previous miscarriages. Steve lives in Worcestershire and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21548062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548062" title="Sossina M. Haile">
Sossina M. Haile

Sossina M. Haile (born 1966) is an Ethiopian-American chemist. She is a professor of Materials Science and of Chemical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology
Life.
Haile's family fled Ethiopia during the coup in the mid-'70s, after soldiers arrested and nearly killed her historian father. They settled in rural Minnesota where she attended Saint John's Preparatory School (Collegeville, MN), graduating in 1983. She received her B.S and Ph.D (1992) from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and M.S. from the University of California, Berkeley. Before joining the Caltech faculty in 1996, Haile spent three years as an assistant professor at the University of Washington, Seattle. Haile has received the NSF National Young Investigator Award (1994–99), Humboldt Fellowship (1992–93), Fulbright Fellowship (1991–92), and AT&T Cooperative Research Fellowship (1986–92). The Humboldt and Fulbright fellowships supported her research at the Max Planck Institut für Festkörperforschung for Solid State Research, Stuttgart, Germany (1991–1993). She is the recipient of the 2001 J.B. Wagner Award of the High Temperature Materials Division of the Electrochemical Society, the 2000 Coble Award from the American Ceramics Society and the 1997 TMS Robert Lansing Hardy Award.
Career.
Haile's research centers on ionic conduction in solids, with the twin objectives of understanding the mechanisms that govern ion transport, and applying such an understanding to the development of advanced solid electrolytes and novel solid-state electrochemical devices. Technological applications of fast ion conductors include batteries, sensors, ion pumps and fuel cells. It is to this last area that Dr. Haile's work is most closely tied.
Materials under investigation in Dr. Haile's group include proton-conducting solid acid compounds, proton-conducting perovskites, mixed oxygen- and electron-conducting perovskites, oxygen-conducting oxides, and alkali-conducting silicates. The standard technique used in her group for the characterization of electrical properties is A.C. impedance spectroscopy. Because ionic conductivity is closely tied to the crystal structure of and structural transitions in the conducting solid, crystal growth, structure determination by X-ray and neutron diffraction, and thermal analysis are also important aspects of Dr. Haile's research. Using these methods, her group has shown, for example, that a broad range of proton containing solids undergo a monoclinic to cubic transition that is accompanied by an increase in conductivity of several orders of magnitude. In another example, her group has demonstrated that Ba0.5Sr0.5Co0.8Fe0.2O3-d has exceptional activity as a cathode for ceria-based solid oxide fuel cells. Dr. Haile's work in solid state ionics is supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF), the Army Research Office and the Department of Energy. In the past, support has also been provided by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Office of Naval Research, the California Energy Commission, the Powell Foundation and the Kirsch Foundation. Industrial support has been provided by General Motors, EPRI (formerly Electric Power Research Institute), HRL (formerly Hughes Research Labs) and Honeywell (formerly Allied Signal and now General Electric).
Beyond the field of solid state ionics, Haile's research also encompasses the investigation of structure-property relations in thermoelectric materials, in collaboration with colleagues at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and ferroelectric materials as part of a multidisciplinary program at Caltech dedicated to the computational prediction/optimization of material and device behavior. The former project is supported by NSF through the Caltech Center for the Science and Engineering of Materials. The latter is supported by the Army Research Office.
While new materials discovery and understanding are central themes in many of Haile's programs, device development plays an increasingly important role in her research. Micropower generators, based on solid oxide fuel cells are particularly attractive for portable power and are the subject of a recently concluded DARPA project in her group. Similarly, microactuators and micropumps based on ferroelectric thin films hold promise for advancing Microelectromechanical systems technology and development efforts are sponsored by an ARO MURI program. The transition from novel materials to useful devices requires the collective efforts of researchers from a broad range of fields, and both programs are highly interdisciplinary in nature.
Creation of Alternative fuel.
Sossina Haile created a new type of fuel cell by default. In the late 1990s, the Caltech scientist had an idea that she thought might dramatically improve fuel cells, the clean technology that converts chemical energy to electricity to power cars, buses and power plants. Haile's idea was to employ an entirely new type of "superprotonic" compound that might help supply power at dramatically lower cost. But when fuel-cell makers balked at revamping their entire systems to try her solution, Haile decided to fabricate the world's first solid-acid fuel cell in her lab. Early in 2008, a Pasadena, California start-up called Superprotonic, founded by two of her former graduate students—will ship the first commercial prototypes to energy-systems makers. The output is barely enough to power a 100-watt bulb, but hopes are high that the small start will someday produce powerful fuel cells for commercial use.

</doc>
<doc id="21548068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548068" title="Dick Allman">
Dick Allman

Messina Wilson "Dick" Allman (1883–1943) was an English footballer who played as a forward.
He turned professional with Burslem Port Vale in April 1903, before joining Reading in May 1905. Two years later he signed with Portsmouth via Plymouth Argyle, and helped the "Greens" to finish as Southern League runners-up in 1907–08. He joined Stoke in May 1908, before moving on to Liverpool two months later. He then had spells with Grantham, Wrexham, and Ton Pentre; scoring the winning goal for Wrexham in the 1910 Welsh Cup final. He joined Leicester Fosse in November 1911, before transferring to Croydon Common in June 1912. He helped Croydon to win the Southern League Division Two title in 1913–14. After a spell guesting for Arsenal during World War I, he ended his career after the war with non-playing spells with Crystal Palace and Maidstone United.
Playing career.
Allman signed for Football League Second Division club Burslem Port Vale in April 1903, having previously played for local minor-league sides Burslem Park Boys and Burslem Higherhave. He scored his first goal at the Athletic Ground on 16 January 1904, in a 2–2 draw with Burnley, and finished the 1903–04 campaign with three goals in nine appearances. He hit eight goals in 29 games in 1904–05 to finish as the club's top scorer.
He transferred to Reading in May 1905. He scored ten goals in 25 Southern League games in 1905–06 and then seven goals in 36 games in 1906–07. He then departed Elm Park, and started the 1907–08 season at Portsmouth, but moved on to Plymouth Argyle in December 1907 after finding his first team opportunities at Fratton Park limited. He scored six goals in 19 league games to help the "Greens" to finish as runners-up in the Southern League.
Allman returned to Staffordshire in May 1908 to sign with Stoke, but never featured at the Victoria Ground, and so instead moved on to Liverpool two months later. He played one First Division game for the "Reds", before he left Anfield. He spent the next few years with non-league sides Grantham, Wrexham, and Ton Pentre, and scored the winning goal for Wrexham over Chester in the 1910 Welsh Cup final. He joined Leicester Fosse in November 1911. He scored three goals in seven Second Division games in 1911–12, before leaving Filbert Street for Croydon Common in June 1912. He scored 18 goals in 43 games in 1912–13, before hitting 13 goals in 42 games in 1913–14 to help the club to the Division Two title. He then hit three goals in 28 appearances in 1914–15, and was the last player to score a goal for Croydon Common. He guested for Arsenal during World War I, and also saw action in France in 1915. After the war he served Crystal Palace and Maidstone United as a reserve player.

</doc>
<doc id="21548076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548076" title="CaLStats">
CaLStats

CaLStats is an open source network monitoring application software. It watches hosts availability. It is available for Linux.
CaLStats is free software licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21548088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548088" title="George Mason V">
George Mason V

George Mason V of Lexington (30 April 1753 – 5 December 1796) was a planter, businessman, and militia leader. Mason was the eldest son of United States patriot, statesman, and delegate from Virginia to the U.S. Constitutional Convention, George Mason IV and his wife Ann Eilbeck. He received his early education from private tutors at Gunston Hall and was given Lexington plantation on Mason's Neck by his father in 1774. In 1775, he named his plantation to commemorate the Battle of Lexington in Massachusetts.
Mason joined the Fairfax County Independent Militia in 1775 and was elected Ensign. He developed a rheumatic disorder that plagued him for the remainder of his life. In 1776, he commanded a militia company sent to Hampton, Virginia to protect the coast from Lord Dunmore's assaults, but was forced to quit the military on account of his increasingly poor health. He travelled to France between 1779 and 1783 for business purposes and to improve his health. At his father's request, George Washington wrote Mason letters of introduction to the marquis de Lafayette and Benjamin Franklin in Paris. While in France, he settled in Nantes, where he became involved in the tobacco trade and occasionally arranged for shipments of goods to his father.
Upon the death of his father in 1792, Mason inherited the entirety of Mason's Neck. He died four years later at Lexington, on 5 December 1796, after suffering from chronic ill health for his entire adult life. He was interred in the Mason family graveyard at Gunston Hall. In 1803, his widow Betsey married George Graham.
His will divided Mason's Neck into two approximately equal tracts along a north-south axis from Causeway Point to Martin Cockburn's south boundary line. His eldest son George Mason VI received the eastern tract with the ownership privilege of either Lexington or Gunston Hall, of which he chose the latter. Another of his sons, William Eilbeck Mason, received the western half of the Neck.
Family.
Mason married Elizabeth "Betsey" Mary Ann Barnes Hooe, daughter of Gerard Hooe and Sarah Barnes of Barnesfield, King George County, on 22 April 1784. They had six children:
He was a son of George Mason (1725–1792); nephew of Thomson Mason (1733–1785); first cousin of Stevens Thomson Mason (1760–1803), John Thomson Mason (1765–1824), and William Temple Thomson Mason (1782–1862); father of George Mason VI (1786–1834) and Richard Barnes Mason (1797–1850); uncle of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838) and James Murray Mason (1798–1871); first cousin once removed of Armistead Thomson Mason (1787–1819), John Thomson Mason (1787–1850), and John Thomson Mason, Jr. (1815–1873); and first cousin twice removed of Stevens Thomson Mason (1811–1843).

</doc>
<doc id="21548123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548123" title="Perolé Quartet">
Perolé Quartet

The Perolé Quartet was a respected American string quartet of the interwar period; the founding members were violinists Joseph Coleman and David Mankovitz, violist Lillian Fuchs, and cellist Julian Kahn. It was founded with financial support from three families, the Pereras, Robesons, and Leventritts, and "Perolé" represents the first letters of the families' names.
The exact dates of the quartet's existence are disputed:
There is some confusion about the years when this quartet was in existence. In a 1949 article on Joseph Fuchs in Saleski's "Famous Musicians of Jewish Origin", the following appears on page 339: "His sister, Lillian Fuchs, a gifted violist and composer, became the founder and for 15 years violist of the famed Perolé String Quartet." This information agrees with the first and last dates of Perolé Quartet events (concerts and broadcasts) reported in "The New York Times" between 1927 and 1942, a period of fifteen years. In an interview with Dennis Rooney ("Traditional Values"), Lillian stated that she "joined the Perolé Quartet in 1925" and the "ensemble played together for 19 and one-half years." To further complicate the data, the entry for Edgar Leventritt in "The New Grove Dictionary of American Music" states that "his support made possible the founding of the Perolé Quartet in 1925." Leventritt's obituary, however, claims "he was the co-founder of the Perolé Quartet in 1927." See "The New York Times" (2 June 1939):23.
The quartet was featured in regular Sunday broadcasts on radio station WOR during the 1930s. Mankovitz was replaced as second violinist by Max Hollander in 1933, and Julian Kahn as cellist by Ernst Silberstein in 1937. Coleman's departure in 1942 spelled the end of the quartet, though according to "Living Musicians" it "was disbanded soon after World War II."

</doc>
<doc id="21548126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548126" title="Jannat Ki Talash">
Jannat Ki Talash

Jannat Ki Talash is a Pakistani film.
Plot summary.
"Jannat Ki Talash" is a film set in the time when Pakistan was newly created, and still some Muslims lived in India, whom thought as their home to be Pakistan. The film beautifully scripted by the senior director Hassan Askari and is about a Pakistani girl Salma (Resham) whose life is changed, once living in India. Shaan loves her, who was her cousin living in newly made Pakistan.
Her brother is getting married, and celebrations are on their way, but Indians and Sikhs (Suad) come and wreck the wedding. They brutally kill everyone including Salma's parents in front of her eyes, they take all the women and children, but Salma escapes. All her initial family dead in Pakistan she wonders off on the streets of India, then she finds a Muslim group, going to Pakistan, she too follows them in hope to meet her outer and extended family to have a better life.
She shrunk into the taplin as she gives up on life. As everything looks peaceful and fine, Suad and his large group of `Muslim-haters' arrive out behind the long-distance trees. Within minutes they murder the innocent Muslims, even children with sticks of fire and swords. They take the women in their arms and kill the older ones. Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with her hair and takes her, although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed. He takes her to her home and shows his father (Safqat Cheema) who declines and says to take her to Pakistan, Saud says no and says he wants marry the Muslim girl, but first wants to make her a Sikh.
As she wakes up she pleads to go to Pakistan, her Jannat. Suad forces her to become a Sikh and marry him, she protests and declines. Khusboo is also introduced, she loves Suad deeply.
Salma is used as a slave to the family of Indians, Suad`s mother loses her temper with her, and slaps and slams her to the floor, Khushboo also had a slam at her. Salma now in tears says once again let me go to Pakistan, Khushboo drags her from her hair outside, Resham again protests for freedom, and touches Khushboo's heart, and Khushboo lets her go. She runs in the open towards Pakistan, but Suad on his horse finds her and chases after her. In that time, Suad's father comes to protect her.
She eventually gets to Pakistan, her dream her paradise, but finds no better results, as an older man tried to take advantage of her even after calling her his sister, Resham escaped but again got trapped by four drunked people, she called them her Paksiatani brothers but they tried to rape her and in defense Resham snatch one of their guns and in her defense killed the rappers .Shaan finds out and stands up for her in court, where the film begun. Resham tell the story of what happen to her, as above and judge lets her off, and Shaan takes her in his arms.

</doc>
<doc id="21548142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548142" title="Take It Easy (disambiguation)">
Take It Easy (disambiguation)

"Take It Easy" is a song by The Eagles.
Take It Easy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21548148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548148" title="Laporte plc">
Laporte plc

Laporte plc was a leading British chemicals business that operated from 1888 to 2000. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History.
The Company was founded by Bernard Laporte, a German Chemist, in 1888 as a supplier of peroxide to bleach straw boating hats. It subsequently diversified into other aspects of bleaching and commercial laundry chemicals.
In the 1980s it disposed of its manufacturing operations.
In 1993 it acquired "Evode Group plc", suppliers of adhesives and specialties. It went on to buy "Aztec Peroxides Inc.", a US peroxides business, in 1994 and "Inspec Group plc", suppliers of specialty chemicals, in 1998.
It sold its major divisions, some 55% of the business by revenue, to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts in 2000. These divisions ("Pigments and Additives", "Formulated Products & Compounds" and "Computers & Electronics") subsequently became known as "Rockwood Holdings Inc.
In December 2000 "Degussa SKW", a joint venture between Degussa AG and SKW Trostberg, acquired the remainder of the business. The performance chemicals business was subsequently sold on by Degussa to Cognis.
Operations.
The Company had the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="21548158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548158" title="Timeline of food">
Timeline of food

The timeline of food is a chronological list of events, inventions and developments in the history of human food.
References.
Chicken

</doc>
<doc id="21548170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548170" title="List of Inocybe species">
List of Inocybe species

Inocybe is a large genus of mushroom-producing fungi. The genus, widely distributed in the Northern Hemisphere, has about 500 members that include:

</doc>
<doc id="21548205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548205" title="Tinker Owens">
Tinker Owens

Charles Wayne "Tinker" Owens is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints (1976, 1978–1980) in the National Football League. The younger brother of Heisman Trophy winner Steve Owens, Tinker was a two-time All-American (1974, 1975) during his college career at Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21548213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548213" title="Resurrección María de Azkue">
Resurrección María de Azkue

Resurrección María de Azkue (5 August 1864 – 9 November 1951) was an influential Basque priest, musician, poet, writer, sailor and academic. He made several major contributions to the study of the Basque language and was the first head of the Euskaltzaindia, the Academy of the Basque Language. In spite of some justifiable criticism of an imbalance towards unusual and archaic forms and a tendency to ignore the Romance influence on Basque, he is considered one of the greatest scholars of Basque to date.
His full name is Resurreccion de Jesus Maria de las Nieves Azkue Aberasturi Barrundia Uribarri but he commonly known as Resurrección María de Azkue, R.M. Azkue or simply Azkue.
Biography.
Azkue was born in the Biscayan town of Lekeitio, a native speaker of Basque and son of the Basque poet Eusebio Maria de los Dolores Azkue Barrundia who was from Lekeitio himself and Maria Karmen Aberasturi Uribarri from Mundaka. After having studied nautical studies in Lekeitio, he went on to Bilbao to do his baccalaureate and then Vitoria and University of Salamanca to study theology and philosophy. He gained priesthood in 1888.
The same year, the Foral Government of Biscay invited new applicants for the chair of Basque Studies. Azkue, Sabino Arana and Miguel de Unamuno all applied but Azkue was awarded the position. In the following period, he initiated many initiatives related to orthographic issues and the teaching of Basque, including the two magazines "Euskalzale" and "Ibaizabal".
Although he considered himself a Basque patriot (or abertzale) and although he was in contact with nationalist figures such as Sabino Arana and Ramón de la Sota, he is not considered to have been a Carlist and frequently disagreed with Arana and de Soto, particularly on Basque linguistic issues. More enamoured with the Basque language and culture, he tried to avoid politics in favour of cultural activities.
Notwithstanding, for many years there were two main camps of Basque writers and supporters of Basque culture – those that leaned towards Azkue's approach (the so-called "Azkuezaleak") and those that leaned towards Arana's approach (the so-called "Aranazaleak"). Over time, the popularity of Arana's somewhat puristic approach eventually waned.
In 1904 Azkue left Bilbao to travel Europe for 5 years, with major stops in Tours, Brussels and Cologne, where he completed his musical studies.
On returning to Bilbao in 1909 he further busied himself with academic work (such as "Ortzuri" in 1911 and "Urlo" in 1914), boosting the emergence of the academic study of Basque. He was one of the most important supporters of establishing the Euskaltzaindia, the Academy of the Basque Language, at the 1918 congress of Eusko Ikaskuntza in Oñati and was its first head from its birth in 1919 onwards.
He vacated his chair of Basque studies in 1920 to immerse himself fully with the work of the Euskaltzaindia, pushing initiatives to codify and promote the Basque language, against considerable opposition from official quarters and the Arana camp. His main study on Basque morphology, 'Morfología Vasca' and the collection of Basque folks songs, "Cancionero Popular Vasco", fall into this period. He also developed the famous "Erizkizundi Irukoitza" ('Triple Questionnaire'), a substantial tool to elicit information on vocabulary, morphology and pronunciation of Basque from informants.
1935 saw the publication of "Euskaleŕiaren Yakintza", a 4 volume collection of traditional lore and a major push to develop the "Gipuzkera Osatua" project.
During the Spanish Civil War, Francisco Franco ordered the closure of the Euskaltzaindia but Azkue managed to avoid exile as he was both of an advanced age and not a prominent political figure. Eventually, he managed to re-open the Euskaltzaindia in 1941 with the help of the young Federico Krutwig.
Azkue eventually died in 1951 shortly after accidentally falling into the Ibaizabal river in Bilbao.
Studies.
Azkue spent most of his life studying the Basque language and his works continue to be a major source of information to anyone working with the Basque language. Most of his work focussed on lexicography, grammar and popular literature. Some of his most important works include:
Between them, Euskaleŕiaren Yakintza and Cancionero, constitute a major collection of Basque folklore, containing songs, poems, soties, children's games, tonguetwisters, customs, beliefs, folk remedies and over 2900 proverbs. He also revised Lucien Bonaparte's original distinction of eight dialects into seven.
Contribution to Batua.
In relation to the efforts to find a literary standard for the Basque language, Azkue was a proponent of Gipuzkera Osatua ('Completed Gipuzkoan'). This was in essence a codified form of the Gipuzkoan dialect as the balance of power had by then shifted from the Northern Basque dialects to the South, with the majority of Basque speakers now concentrated in Biscay and Gipuzkoa.
His novels, such as "Ardi Galdua" ('the lost sheep'), were written in "Gipuzkera Osatua" and it was to be a major influence on the later development of Standard Basque.

</doc>
<doc id="21548231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548231" title="Billy Ryckman">
Billy Ryckman

William Thomas Ryckman is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons with the Atlanta Falcons. He is the host of The Sports Note, a sports talk radio program aired on ESPN radio affiliate KPEL 1420 AM in Lafayette, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="21548242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548242" title="Harrington Designer Antiques">
Harrington Designer Antiques

Harrington Antiques is a company established by Charsi Harrington and Rodney Weston. The company imported and restored antiques from the early 19th century onwards. The unique quality of each piece being the rare and exquisite woods they were styled from. 
The simple design of each piece commissioned, (usually by the English/Dutch or Portuguese tea plantation owners), were fashioned from designs from Master European cabinet makers of the relevant age. The unique design enhanced by rare satin, ebony, nadoun and king ebony woods.
External links.
Vogue,
Home and Garden,
Many other Books,

</doc>
<doc id="21548248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548248" title="Climate of Miami">
Climate of Miami

Miami has a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification "Am") with hot and humid summers and short, warm winters, with a marked drier season in the winter. Its sea-level elevation, coastal location, position just above the Tropic of Cancer, and proximity to the Gulf Stream shapes its climate. With January averaging , winter features mild to warm temperatures; cool air usually settles after the passage of a cold front, which produces much of the little amount of rainfall. Lows sometimes fall to or below , with an average 10 such occurrences annually, but very rarely ; from 1981 to 2010, temperatures reached that level in only eight calendar years. Highs generally reach , and fail to do so on an average 12 days annually. The wet season begins some time in May, ending in mid-October. During this period, temperatures are in the mid 80s to low 90s (29–35 °C), accompanied by high humidity, though the heat is often relieved by afternoon thunderstorms or a sea breeze that develops off the Atlantic Ocean, which then allow lower temperatures, but conditions still remain very muggy. Much of the year's of rainfall occurs during this period.
Extreme temperatures range from on February 3, 1917 to on July 21, 1942, the triple-digit (°F) reading on record; the last freezing temperature seen at Miami Int'l Airport was on Christmas Day 1989. The highest daily minimum temperature is on August 4, 1993 and September 7, 1897 (although the corresponding record for Miami Beach is on July 17, 2001), and conversely, the lowest daily maximum temperature is on February 19, 1900. Miami has never recorded any accumulating snowfall although there were dubious claims of snow flurries on January 19, 1977. Weather conditions for the area around Miami were recorded sporadically from 1839 until 1900, with many years-long gaps. A cooperative temperature and rainfall recording site was established in what is now Downtown in December, 1900. An official Weather Bureau Office was opened in Miami in June 1911. Heavy snow squalls with accumulations that lasted for a few hours after the snow had stopped falling in February 1899 were reported, but these are not official since there is no written record of it.
Miami receives abundant rainfall, one of the highest among major U.S. cities. Most of this rainfall occurs from mid-May through early October. It has an average annual rainfall of , whereas nearby Fort Lauderdale and Miami Beach receive and , respectively, which demonstrates the high local variability in rainfall rates.
Miami reports more Thunderstorms than most U S cities, with about eighty days per year having thunder reported. These storms are often strong, with frequent lightning and very heavy rain. Occasionally, they can be severe with damaging straight line winds and large hail. Tornadoes and Waterspouts sometimes occur, although violent tornadoes of the type seen in other parts of the U S are rare in Florida. 
This chart shows the average coastal ocean water temperature by month in degrees Fahrenheit for Miami Beach based on historical measurements.
Hurricanes.
The Atlantic Hurricane season officially runs from June 1 through November 30, although hurricanes can develop beyond those dates. The most likely time for Miami to be hit is during the peak of the Cape Verde season which is mid-August through the end of September. Due to its location between two major bodies of water known for tropical activity, Miami is also statistically the most likely major city in the world to be struck by a hurricane, trailed closely by Nassau, Bahamas, and Havana, Cuba. Despite this, the city has been fortunate in not having a direct hit by a hurricane since Hurricane Cleo in 1964. However, many other hurricanes have affected the city, namely the Great Miami Hurricane in 1926, Betsy in 1965, Andrew in 1992, Irene in 1999, and Hurricanes Katrina and Wilma in 2005. At least 35 direct and 26 indirect deaths in Florida were attributed to Wilma. 
In addition, a tropical depression in October 2001 passed over the city, causing record rainfall and flooding. Locally, the storm is credited as the No Name Storm of 2000, though the depression went on to become Tropical Storm Leslie upon entering the Atlantic Ocean. 
A hurricane, known as the "Great Miami Hurricane of 1926," caused catastrophic damage to the heavily developed Miami and Miami Beach area. Hurricane Betsy passed over Key Largo, south of the city, but did cause hurricane force winds and very heavy rainfall there. Hurricane Andrew in 1992 also struck south of city and caused extensive damage and flooding in the Homestead area suburbs. Hurricane Wilma in 2005 caused severe damage to many high-rise buildings in the downtown area as it broke many windows out, which in turn caused bad water damage on the insides of the buildings. It also caused at least 35 direct and 26 indirect fatalities in Florida.
Miami has been identified as one of three cities in the United States most vulnerable to hurricanes, mainly due to its location and it being surrounded by ocean and low-lying coastal plains, the other two cities being New Orleans and New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21548253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548253" title="Paul Johns">
Paul Johns

Paul Victor Johns is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21548256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548256" title="Miloje Miletić">
Miloje Miletić

Miloje Miletić (born 1953) is a former Chief-of-staff of the Serbian Armed Forces, having been appointed on 15 February 2009. He previously served as acting Deputy Chief of the General Staff. Miletić is married and has two children. He retired from active service on 12 December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21548273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548273" title="Kill the Kilians">
Kill the Kilians

Kill the Kilians is the debut album by German indie rock band Kilians, first released in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21548276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548276" title="David Knight (American football)">
David Knight (American football)

David Randle Knight is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the New York Jets in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21548279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548279" title="James Lind Alliance">
James Lind Alliance

The James Lind Alliance is a non-profit making initiative which was established in 2004. It has been established to bring patients, carers and clinicians together, in Priority Setting Partnerships, to identify and prioritise the unanswered questions about treatments that they agree are most important. This information will help ensure that those who fund health research are aware of what matters to patients, carers and clinicians. The James Lind Alliance Priority Setting Partnerships are coordinated by the National Institute for Health Research Evaluation, Trials and Studies Coordinating Centre (NETSCC). Over 500 organisations and individuals are currently affiliated to the James Lind Alliance.
Background.
Research on the effects of treatments often overlooks the shared interests of patients and clinicians. As a result, questions they both consider important are not addressed. The pharmaceutical and medical technology industries and academia play essential roles in developing new treatments, but their priorities are not necessarily the same as those of patients and clinicians. For this reason many areas of potentially valuable research are neglected. Bringing patients and clinicians together to prioritise questions in treatment uncertainty is thought to be rare.
Method of operation.
The James Lind Alliance brings together patients and patient representatives, carers and clinicians, as individuals or represented by groups, to form Priority Setting Partnerships, focusing on specific health conditions. For example, the Asthma Priority Setting Partnership was led by Asthma UK and the British Thoracic Society, while the Urinary Incontinence Priority Setting Partnership was led by the Bladder & Bowel Foundation and the Cochrane Incontinence Group [http://www.incontinence.cochrane.org, part of the Cochrane Collaboration.
Priority Setting Partnerships work together to gather uncertainties about the effects of treatment, to be entered into the Database of Uncertainties about the Effects of Treatment (DUETs) part of the National Health Service (NHS) National Library for Health [http://www.library.nhs.uk. The uncertainties are all checked to ensure they cannot be answered by existing knowledge, research or sources of information. 
The uncertainties then go through a process of prioritisation, which aims to culminate in a top ten list of priorities for research, shared by patients, carers and clinicians. To date, the process has been completed for Asthma, Urinary Incontinence, Vitiligo, Prostate Cancer, Schizophrenia, Ear, Nose & Throat (aspects of balance), Type 1 Diabetes, Stroke in Scotland, Eczema, Tinnitus, Cleft Lip & Palate, Lyme Disease, and Pressure Ulcers. 
One of the James Lind Alliance’s strategic aims is to develop a body of research supporting the concept of patient involvement in research priority-setting, and the group is involved in commissioning a range of research. It has been argued that patient and carer involvement in research should be standard practice, with academic status taking second place to patient interests [http://www.bmj.com/cgi/content/extract/337/jul04_1/a212?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&fulltext=lester+firkins&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=0&resourcetype=HWCIT].
James Lind.
The Alliance is named after a pioneer of clinical trials, James Lind (1716–1794). Two hundred and fifty years ago, there were many conflicting ideas and unanswered questions about how to treat the deadly disease scurvy. Lind, a Scottish naval surgeon, decided to confront this uncertainty by treating his patients within a clinical trial comparing six of the proposed remedies. His trial showed that oranges and lemons were dramatically better than the other supposed treatments.

</doc>
<doc id="21548280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548280" title="The Usual Suspects (album)">
The Usual Suspects (album)

The Usual Suspects is the 9th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in Japan in 2005.
Tracklisting.
European Pressing replaces "What Can I Do" with "Unfinished Bizness" (Markbury/Turner) - 3:40
Deluxe Pressing contains both "What Can I Do" and "Unfinished Bizness" as bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21548285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548285" title="Sarsden">
Sarsden

Sarsden is a village within the civil parish of Churchill and Sarsden and is located south of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire.
Sarsden House is a country house, rebuilt in 1689 after it was damaged by fire. In 1795 Humphry Repton landscaped the park, adding a serpentine lake and a Doric temple. In about 1825 Repton's son, the architect G.S. Repton, remodelled the house for James Langston.
The Church of England parish church of Saint James was rebuilt in 1760. G.S. Repton added a cruciform extension to the east in 1823. In 1896 the architect Walter Mills of Banbury remodelled the north transept and added the bellcote.
Sarsgrove House, or the Dower House, is northeast of Sarsden. G.S. Repton remodelled it as a large cottage orné in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="21548286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548286" title="Rat-race coupler">
Rat-race coupler

A rat-race coupler (also known as a hybrid ring coupler) is a type of coupler used in RF and Microwave systems. In its simplest form it is a 3dB coupler and is thus an alternative to a magic tee. Compared to the magic tee, it has the advantage of being easy to realize in planar technologies such as microstrip and stripline, although waveguide rat races are also practical. Unlike magic tees, a rat-race needs no matching structure to achieve correct operation.
The rat-race coupler has four ports, each placed one quarter wavelength away from each other around the top half of the ring. The bottom half of the ring is three quarter wavelengths in length. The ring has a characteristic impedance of factor formula_1 compared to port impedance.
A signal input on port 1, will be split between ports 2 and 4, and port 3 will be isolated. The full scattering matrix for an ideal 3dB rat-race is
Rat-race couplers are used to sum two in-phase combined signals with essentially no loss or to equally split an input signal with no resultant phase difference between its outputs. It is also possible to configure the coupler as a 180 degree phase-shifted output divider or to sum two 180 degree phase-shifted combined signals with almost no loss.

</doc>
<doc id="21548287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548287" title="Journey Home">
Journey Home

Journey Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21548289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548289" title="John Everard">
John Everard

John Everard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21548292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548292" title="Victor Bailey (American football)">
Victor Bailey (American football)

Victor L. Bailey is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Kansas City Chiefs. He is currently living with his wife Tonja Buford-Bailey and his two kids.

</doc>
<doc id="21548297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548297" title="M1941">
M1941

M1941 or M1941 Johnson may refer to either of two American infantry weapons developed by Melvin Johnson during the 1930s, or a field jacket:

</doc>
<doc id="21548303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548303" title="Sean LaChapelle">
Sean LaChapelle

Sean Paul LaChapelle is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for two seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and Kansas City Chiefs. LaChapelle attended Vintage High School in Napa, California where he helped lead his team to a Sac-Joaquin Section title in his junior year. During his career at UCLA LaChapelle became one of the school's receivers catching 142 passes for 2,027 yards with 14 TDs. He was signed to the Chiefs after wide receiver Lake Dawson suffered a season-ending injury and was placed on injured reserve. LaChapelle was also the 1996 World League of American Football offensive MVP. 

</doc>
<doc id="21548304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548304" title="Short straight-punch">
Short straight-punch

The short straight punch is an offensive hand technique used in some fighting sports. 

</doc>
<doc id="21548340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548340" title="Richard Scheufler">
Richard Scheufler

Richard Scheufler (1 November 1964, Ústí nad Labem, Czech Republic) – a multi-instrumentalist, solo singer, composer, music arranger, teacher and producer. He is one of the most significant personalities of the contemporary Czech, but also European music scene. Richard's music represents a mixture of various music styles including funk, Pop, Rock, modern jazz, hardcore and its fusion with the classical music.
Music beginnings and education.
Richard showed talent for music already in his early childhood. He wasn't even three years old when he started to play harmonica, gradually he learned to play piano and percussion. He pursued his music ambitions by performing in the children's orchestra under the guidance of his uncle Jirka. After the break-up of the orchestra the thirteen-year-old Richard switched to the bass guitar which he plays until today.<br> 
At the beginning he studied music on his own, until he took private lessons from the professor Vladimír Hora (1987–1989) and in 1998 till 1999 he continued his music education under the supervision of Prof. Hora at the Conservatory of Jaroslav Ježek in Prague, where he in addition to playing the bass guitar took also singing lessons.
Music career.
After performing with regional bands Richard gained in 1986 his first professional engagement in the band called "Natural" for approximately four years. After that he performed in the band "Buran Prášil", later in 1990 it was the band of "Dalibor Janda". The encounter with the musician and composer "Milan Steigerwald" meant another important move in Richard's professional career – for the coming twelve years he became the member of the band "King Size". Although the band stopped performing, it still exists and Richard and his son Richard appear as guest artists with it. At the same time, he appeared as guest artist in the recordings of several pop artists, such as Karel Gott, Lucie Bílá and "Lenka Filipová". He participated on the recording of the pop album of the band "Damiens" "Nechci zůstat sám/ I don't want to be alone " together with "Láďa Křížek". It is worth mentioning the Golden Disc Award (Zlatá deska) he was given for his contribution to this album. He has also contributed to various jazz projects, such as the band "Blue Birds" of the saxophonist "Ivan Myslikovjan", saxophonist "Andrea Kolmanová" (together with the son Richard he also participated on the recording of her CD "Andrea") and many others.<br>
For the time being, he is a member of the rock band "Pražský Výběr II/ Prague Selection II", led by a composer, singer and political activist Michael Kocáb. During the year 2007 he went on the concert tour with "PV II ", performing at the festivals and participated on all activities that have to do with the rock band (studio work on other projects, radio performance, video clips...). In the same year, the album of "PV II " " Vymlácený rockový palice/ Smashed Rock Heads " was launched and the concert "PRAŽSKÝ VÝBĚR II LIVE", held on 3 May 2007 in Teplice, Czech Republic has appeared on DVD in June 2008.
Career abroad.
At the end of the year 2002 Richard's steps lead to Hastings, England. He worked in the music studio of Claire Hamill and performed with local artists, such as "Tom Palmer, Steve Winchester, Donna Terenzi, Mama Josie" and "Papa George". He gave also solo performances and started a closer cooperation with "Nana Tsiboe" – the former percussionist of Robbie Williams Band – in his solo project called "Bushfaya".<br>
Richard worked also outside the borders of England; in 2001 he made a couple of video clips in Africa and participated at the Frankfurt Music Fair, presenting the musical instruments produced by "George Dennis".
Solo albums.
The debut solo album by Richard Scheufler called "V rukou Tvých / In your hands", was launched in 2001 in Czech and English version. On this album, he established himself as a composer, solo singer, music arranger and producer. 
The second solo album "Between us" was produced between 2004 and 2008 and Richard launched it under the label "Scheufler's Records" in 2008. The album includes 16 tracks – instrumental and vocal compositions recorded in English with the contribution of a couple of other artists (the son Richard, Ted Whang, Peter Boška, Jiří Neužil, Štěpán Škoch, Andrea Kolmanová, Markéta Rohanová et al.).
Music teaching.
Richard Scheufler is well-known to the music community for his teaching activities. He is the author of the audio school "Slap & Funky" (1994). In 2000, the video school of the same title was published as the first video school of its kind in Czech Republic. 
From 1997 till 2002 he was engaged as lecturer on regularly organized summer Rock courses in Dobra Voda, near Prachatice, Czech Republic. The students of the course gave the initial impetus for the recording of a CD called "Jednou v roce/Once a Year".
Besides that, he has carried out many workshops at various music fairs, each year in Prague since 1991 ("Huvel, Muzika 2003"), in Bratislava, Slovakia and in Frankfurt, Germany.
Music performance with the son Richard – Scheufler Project.
The cooperation with the son "Richard" (born on 28 September 1988 in Partizánske, Slovakia), officially under the name "Scheufler Project", enjoys a special status in his professional career. The history repeated itself and Richard junior has said yes to music in a very early age. Along with his father he performed with the "King Size" band, of which guest artists they are until now. At the age of twelve years, Richard junior participated on the recording of the pop album of the band "Damiens" "Nechci zůstat sám/ I don't want to be alone", which Richard also co-produced. He also took part on the "Lenka Filipová Tour" and contributed to the father's second solo album "Between us" ("Scheufler's Records", 2008). Since 2004 they both have been performing as permanent guest artists in the rock opera "Antigona".
Music equipment.
Richard is currently an EDEN endorsing Bassist. He plays the Eden WP100, WT800 and D410XST and represents the brand openly.
In October 2004, Richard accepted the offer to cooperate with the company "MusicData" (distributor of the Hughes & Kettner Amplifiers) concerning the presentation of the instruments "Quantum", at his solo concerts, workshops and music fairs. He also cooperates with the company "Alexim" presenting the analog effects and strings produced by the Swedish company "EBS". In 2007, Richard started the cooperation with the company "Roland" and the Hungarian producer of handmade guitars "Fibenare Guitars Co.", which since 2006 has been developing the 6-string model "Fibenare Standard RS MIDI" for Richard – bass guitar using the analog and digital input. Richard's collection of music instruments includes, moreover, signed models by the company "K&K", he has been cooperating with since 1997, as follows:
and Yamaha TRB 6P.
Studio and workshop equipment includes the "Yamaha QY 700 sequencer, HDD Korg D16, Korg Pandora PX5D" and "Audix Microphone".
When the cooperation with the "MusicData" and "Hughes & Kettner" at the end of the year 2007 was finished, Richard bought the "AMPEG" (Ampeg SVP-CL, Ampeg SVT PRO and Ampeg SVP-BSP) and "Hafler" instruments (power amp). He has been using the complete range of "EBS" and " George Dennis Phaser " for the analog effects and "Roland V-Bass, Roland GR-20" and "Roland GKP-4" for the digital effects.

</doc>
<doc id="21548345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548345" title="Bo Rather">
Bo Rather

David Elmer "Bo" Rather (born October 7, 1950) is a former American football wide receiver. He played professional football for the Miami Dolphins (1973 and 1978) and Chicago Bears (1974–1978). He appeared in 64 NFL games and had 92 receptions for 1,467 yards and seven touchdowns. Rather also played college football for the University of Michigan from 1970 to 1972. He gained a total of 796 all-purpose yards for Michigan, including 378 receiving yards and 302 yards on kickoff returns. In September 1971, Rather led Michigan to a 21-6 victory over Northwestern with 114 all-purpose yards and a rushing touchdown. The following year, he caught a 21-yard touchdown pass from Dennis Franklin to give Michigan a 7-0 victory over Northwestern.

</doc>
<doc id="21548350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548350" title="Taki (Soulcalibur)">
Taki (Soulcalibur)

Taki was introduced in the arcade version of "Soul Edge" in 1995, in which she and Sophitia were the main characters, and was featured as a player character in every title of the "Soul" series up until 2012's "Soulcalibur V", in which Taki's place was taken by her young disciple Natsu. In-game, she is most capable at very close quarters where her speed, special moves and skills are the most effective. She also appeared in some other works, including "Namco × Capcom" and "Queen's Gate".
Taki has achieved a significant popularity and received mostly positive critical feedback, being often regarded as one of the best female ninja characters in video games as well as a sex symbol of the fighting genre and gaming in general, and sometimes compared in that to SNK's Mai Shiranui. Several publications also noted her iconic status in the "Soul" series and criticized her absence in "Soulcalibur V". 
Appearances.
In the "Soul" games.
Taki has been raised by the Sengoku-era Fu-Ma (風魔) ninja clan, adopted by them after her parents and brother died from an unknown disease. She became a skilled and stern fighter, as well as an accomplished spy and blacksmith, known for not showing her personal feelings and carrying out her mission cool-headed and being able of making ruthless decisions. In the series' lore, what "lies within her soul" (a character's defining concept) is honor and her technique is called the . She has eventually become the " who has dedicated herself to fighting supernatural evil and began travelling Japan to use her demon-sealing magic.
Taki debuted as one of the eight original characters in "Soul Edge" (1995, "Soul Blade" in PAL countries), set in the year 1584. In it, a 22-year-old Taki finds that her self-made magical blade has weakened by the powerful, evil sword known as Soul Edge. Taki decides to travel west to save her treasured Rekkimaru and to destroy Soul Edge. The prologue of "Soulcalibur" (1998) tells of how she has eventually confronts and defeats the first game's main villain and Soul Edge's wielder, Cervantes de Leon, and obtains a fragment of the shattered sword. In the process, she also saves another character, Sophitia. In addition to Sophitia, Taki later also befriended Mitsurugi. "Soulcalibur Legends" (2007), which takes place between "Soul Edge" and "Soulcalibur", pits Taki against the rogue Fu-Ma ninja Geki (ゲキ) and his female partner Maki (マキ), both of whom have been transformed into monsters by Soul Edge's power. In this struggle, she receives support from the Holy Roman Emperor. 
In "Soulcalibur", Taki tried to merge the Soul Edge fragment with her Rekkimaru without success, but when she fuses it with her other weapon, the kodachi named , she creates a new evil weapon that she seeks to pit against Soul Edge, hoping both blades would then destroy each other. Taki is contacted by her old master Toki (トキ, also written as 斗鬼) who tells her that Fu-Ma's former leader, Hachibei (八兵衛), has stolen Mekkimaru and fled, becoming a "nukenin" (fugitive ninja). Toki orders Taki to hunt down and kill Hachibei and his daughter Chie (千恵), a childhood friend, and bring back the blade. Taki locates Hachibei quickly, but learns about Toki's obsession with the powers of the blade. Hachibei urges her to not let Toki take hold of Mekkimaru and gives it to her. Taki later gives a false report to Toki, leading his forces to pursue Chie's lover Li Long but Geki, Toki's right hand man, discovers her deception and she becomes a "nukenin" outcast herself as she tries to destroy Mekkimaru.
Taki returns in the next sequel, "Soulcalibur II" (2002), set seven years after the events of "Soul Edge". After hearing about the destruction of Soul Edge, she tries to tame the evil kodachi, but discovers that Toki has obtained more Soul Edge fragments and decides to keep both Soul Edge and Mekkimaru away from him. In "Soulcalibur III" (2005), Taki comes back to Japan and learns that because of Toki's madness, the Fu-Ma have descended into an internal conflict. Contacting the rebellious faction within the clan, Taki faces the Soul Edge-corrupted Toki at the underground sanctum within the Hoko Buddhist temple, where he absorbs the Oni spirits within the shrine. She slays him but the spirits dwelling within him leave and travel west. Knowing they are seeking Soul Edge, and that the cursed sword's power was weak enough to allow its destruction, Taki begins a new journey to extinguish Soul Edge. In "Soulcalibur IV" (2008), Taki witnesses how a duel between Siegfried armed with the Soul Calibur and Soul Edge-wielding Nightmare unleashes a powerful cataclysm, motivating her to destroy both Soul swords. 
Formerly, it was announced that Taki would return in the sixth installment, "Soulcalibur V" (2012) set 17 years after the events of the previous game, where she was expected to appear alongside her young, female disciple named , who is one of a number the new player characters. However, Taki herself did not appear in the game, and is only mentioned in Natsu's backstory as well as the game's official artbook, "SOULCALIBUR - New Legends of Project Soul". According to the artbook, Taki was responsible for the sealing of the demon Arahabaki (アラハバキ, also written as 荒吐鬼) inside Natsu, after his previous container, Juju (ジュジュ) was killed by Taki. Because this caused the young girl to be ostracized by her peers, Taki took the responsibility to personally raise her so she may grow her confidence. As explained in Natsu's backstory, Taki traveled west in search of her mentor, Toki, promising that she would return in two weeks. She has never returned since, prompting Natsu to travel in search of her mentor. The game itself does not reveal whether Natsu finds Taki, but it was announced that Taki would "eventually" return, possibly in another sequel.
Taki re-appeared in "Soulcalibur II HD Online" (2013), the high definition remake of "Soulcalibur II". She also returned as a playable character in the free-to-play spin-off ' (2014), where she looks by default as she did in "Soulcalibur IV", and in ', where she looks as she did in "Soulcalibur II".
Other appearances.
Taki also appears as a playable character in the 2005 crossover tactical role-playing game "Namco × Capcom". In it, she represents the "Soul" universe alongside Mitsurugi and is paired with Waya Hime (Princess Waya, a boss character in "Bravoman") and teamed with fighting game icons Jin Kazama ("Tekken") and Ryu ("Street Fighter"). In 2009, Taki's costume for the player character Estelle was made available as free downloadable content (DLC) in the action role-playing game "".
Taki plays a lead role in the 1999 "Soulcalibur" manga series, in which she fights together with Sophitia, first killing Cervantes and then destroying Nightmare. She has also joined the cast of "Queen's Blade" characters and is featured (in a cartoonish version of her appearance from "Soulcalibur IV") in her own erotic gamebook "Queen's Gate Taki" (神速の封刃 タキ), published in 2011.
Namco released a Taki keychain figurine and a 'standing clock' watch in its "Soul Edge" line. Yujin released two immobile figurines of Taki in her primary outfit from "Soulcalibur II" as part of its gashapon figure collections "Namco Girls Series 1" and "Namco Girls Series 4" (in her alternative costume based on Waya-Hime's design). In 2003, Wave released a 1/8 scale resin (garage) kit figure of Taki from "Soulcalibur II". In 2006, Namco released a MegaHouse PVC statuette based upon promotional artwork of Taki for the game as part of a "Soulcalibur III" set "Game Character Collection Soul Calibur III Series 1", while an alternative color and unmasked version was also released in a secondary set, which was not posable and came with three interchangeable weapons for it to hold. Triad Toys released a action figure of Taki from "Soulcalibur IV" in red and blue versions in 2008, which David Houghton of GamesRadar criticized as oversexualized. In 2007-2010, companies Futene Karada and Aya released two resin kits for Taki's appearances in her prime costumes in "Soulcalibur III", (crouching) and (dashing); an alternate version of the latter was also released.
Character design.
As in the case of all "Soul" characters, Taki's character creation started with her weapon. During the early development of "Soul Edge", Taki was conceived as a Yoshimitsu-like ninja character, armed with a long sword and wearing a loose outfit and large helmet covering her upper face. She underwent several major design changes before the game's release, evolving into an athletic, iron-masked, buxom woman with a chest size of 90 cm/E ("Soulcalibur IV" measurements; her breasts have noticeably grew through the series), clad in a partially armored catsuit. Taki used variations of this outfit throughout the series; by default her primary costumes were colored crimson or navy blue. A cloth mask returns with Taki's primary costume in "Soulcalibur"—the only game in which her breasts are partially exposed—and an iron mask with her blue-colored main costume in "Soulcalibur III". A similar red costume is featured in "Legends". Other demonic motifs have appeared on her armor since "Soulcalibur".
Taki also wears some alternate costumes, such as her green attire in "Soulcalibur II", which was modeled after an outfit worn by Waya Hime in "Bravoman" and "Namco × Capcom". In it, she appeared for the first time with loose hair instead of her usual ponytail. Her hair is also tied back in her "Soul Edge" alternative costume. Until "Soulcalibur II", Taki only appears unmasked in some of her alternative costumes, but in this game and in "Soulcalibur IV" she is unmasked in all costumes. In "Soul Edge", one of the secret characters is "Nugi Taki", an alternative version of Taki who is unmasked, has short hair, and wears a unarmored blue bodysuit with a mesh shirt underneath. "Soulcalibur III" director Katsutoshi Sasaki described her as his personal favorite character from the series. The game's producer Hisaharu Tago said of her appearance in "Soulcalibur V", in which Taki is depicted as over 40, "In terms of her outfit, we don't know if she'll be in body tights." One artist said he "got in trouble with Nintendo for showing Taki’s tits too much and had to slide her down for ." 
Taki's height is and weighs (later ). Her original weapon in "Soul Edge" is a ninjatō, called Rekkimaru (Rekki-Maru), which she made by infusing it with mystical powers. This is her preferred weapon and is one of the few original weapons that have not been replaced in subsequent games. Her secondary weapon, the kodachi Mekkimaru (Mekki-Maru), formerly property of Yoshimitsu's deceased clan, was added for her dual-wielding style in "Soulcalibur" as the lower blade on her back. Though Taki uses a single weapon in "Soul Edge", Mekkimaru was featured in this game as an unlockable weapon. Her other optional weapons include a jutte, a kunai, a tantō and a bladed iron fan. Immediately after the release of "Soulcalibur V" in Japan, the game's director Daishi Odashima said that he had decided that at 46, Taki would be too old to be an active ninja, and she retired to train the next generation and is now watching over her pupil Natsu from the shadows. 
Taki was one of the first two characters confirmed for "Soulcalibur III" and the ninth playable character confirmed for "Lost Swords". She was officially described in the latter game as "one of the most versatile fighters of the "SOULCALIBUR" universe" due to "her unarmed & armed skills, demon huntress abilities and blacksmithing abilities." In the series of wallpapers pairing Namco and Capcom characters in "Namco × Capcom", Taki's Capcom equivalent was Chun-Li ("Street Fighter"). 
Gameplay.
According to "Computer and Video Games" guide to "Soul Edge", "lightning fast combos and close quarter combat" is what a Taki player has to master in the game: "Though she has little in terms of long range attacks, she has multi-height combinations that can be employ in close. A good choice for the competent player to move on to." Similarly, James Price of "DC-UK" wrote that in "Soulcalibur", Taki is "fast and agile", capable of "swift and deadly attacks" as well as "of making somersaults over and around her opponents," but at the cost of having a limited range. According to Jesse Schedeen of IGN, the character's fighting style "improved dramatically" between "Soul Edge" and "Soulcalibur" due to being given dual swords to use at once.
"Soulcalibur II" review by Marlon Ramos of "Philippine Daily Inquirer" had Taki "of course" highly recommended for the players who are "after speed". In GameSpot's guide to this game, Stephen Kleckner wrote that Taki has "a lot of options and variety which allow her to really mix up her attack heights" and very quick moves making her highly capable at close range, but might "essentially become a moving target" if her player "can't rush down someone who is really good at sustaining a range game, such as Kilik." Andrew Alfonso wrote in GameSpy's guide that "what makes Taki so fearsome is her speed. She's still the fastest character in the game, and despite this her damage potential is still very good at times. However, unlike the big power hitters like Cervantes and Astaroth, she needs to work for her wins." Alfonso added that Taki can be "somewhat hard to learn and execute with" and the key strategy "is to maintain her flow of attack." Taki and Talim, who are both the fastest characters in "Soulcalibur II", were noted to be particularly dangerous in the original version of the "HD Online" edition due to the Internet multiplayer lag problems.
Taki was one of the four characters available in the pre-release demo version of "Soulcalibur IV". According to Alex Jenkins of 1UP.com, in this game she lost some of her prior advantages but is still an agile and fast character who can cause considerable damage and is meant to be played aggressively, as well as a strong counter-attacker. Her weaknesses include difficulties in playing against ranged-type characters and having many risky special moves. IGN's Schedeen wrote that, due to her "lightning-quick ninja reflexes," Taki is "a vicious combatant that new and old players alike love to control." 
In "Soulcalibur Legends", Taki is the only character capable of performing a double jump (a video game character's ability to jump a second time in mid-air). Kotaku noted that "Soulcalibur V"'s Natsu borrows "many of Taki's trademark moves." In "Lost Swords", Taki was originally supposed to be only four who are available in this game from the start (the others being Siegfried, Mitsurugi and Sophitia) but is actually one of unlockable characters.
Reception.
Taki has become one of the most popular characters in the "Soul" series. She was described as "a favorite of many" by "Official Xbox Magazine" and as one of the series' most beloved characters by "SuperGamePower". In 2008, UGO.com ranked Taki as sixth best "Soulcalibur" character. In 2008, IGN's Jesse Schedeen ranked her as the fifth top fighter in the series and wrote that "it's hard to imagine a "Soulcalibur" game without Taki. It just wouldn't be the same." GameDaily's staff called Taki one of the most elite fighters in the "Soul" games, adding that she "has left an impact from the very start" of the series. According to GameDaily, "there are many women worth mentioning in the "Soul Calibur" series, but if anyone really knows how to handle Darth Vader, Yoda and the Apprentice, it's Taki." "Complex" placed Taki sixth in their 2013 ranking of the best characters in the series, calling her "an unstoppable force" and adding, "We love Taki!"
Taki has also been repeatedly listed as one of gaming's top ninja characters. According to Schedeen, "Everyone loves a good ninja, and Taki just so happens to be one of the best;" in 2007, Joystiq's JC Fletcher called her "everyone's favorite underdressed ninja." She was ranked as fifth best ninja hero in video games by Virgin Media in 2008, and included among the ten best video game "ninjas" by Jon Ledford of Sushi Arcade in 2013. In 2010, "Game Informer" chose Taki as one of the 20 Namco characters they would like to see in a rumored crossover fighting game ""Namco Vs Capcom"", her Capcom side equivalent being Strider Hiryu, adding that "most fighting game characters can’t quite keep up with Taki’s rapid (and annoying) leaps." That same year, "GamePro"'s Chris Jager ranked her as the second best video game ninja character, comparing her with the similarly proportioned Mai Shiranui, and wrote that they had "originally contemplated giving Taki "two" places on this list in honour of her formidable pair of assets" and called her "arguably the toughest and most skillful ninja on our list" next to Mai Shiranui in such circumstances. UGO included her on a 2010 list of top 25 "hot ninja girls" in all media and Gelo Gonzales of "FHM" included Taki on his 2012 list of nine "sexiest ninja babes" in games, comparing her to Solenn Heussaff. In 2012, Rich Knight of "Complex" ranked her as the fifth swiftest video game ninja, adding that, due to her large bust size, "the only female on this list is also probably the most incredible ninja on here." In 2013, "PLAY" similarly ranked Taki, described as "superagile fighting machine", as the fifth top ninja in games and the only female on their list, adding that she "wins the Most Outrageous Ninja Outfit award for garbing herself in nothing but a pink skintight bodysuit." Márcio Pacheco Alexsandro of Brazil's Game Hall placed her at fifth spot of his 2014 list of top ten kunoichi (female ninja) characters in games.
Some publications have regarded Taki as one of the best female video game characters for a variety of reasons. In 2003, WomanGamers.com opined Taki was "a strong and independent female character in all of the games" and gave her an overall score of 8.4/10, especially applauding the character for her tough attitude and for marketing efforts towards women "despite the obvious sex-appeal role Taki has taken." That same year, "play" called Taki and Ivy Valentine "arguably the finest females in all of 3D fighting." In 2007, Rob Wright of Tom's Games chose Taki as one of the 50 greatest female characters in video games, calling her "a skilled and noble warrior with a shining spirit and stunning beauty" and suggesting that Zhang Ziyi should play her in the live action adaptation of the "Soulcalibur" series. GameDaily featured Taki in many entries of its "Babes of the Week" gallery series, including in the 2007 special "Babe of the Week: Taki", which stated that she has been "becoming more agile – and big-breasted – with each new entry. She made such an impact [...] that we awarded her a solo gig." In 2011, Grant Howitt of "FHM" featured her as one example of "some of the wonderful women of videogames", but one that would be impossible to date. 
Sex appeal.
The character is often noted for her attractiveness. In 2008, GameDaily ranked her as 17th "hottest game babe", stating that "female ninjas will always hold a special place in our hearts, especially Taki, what with her muscular physique and insanely large chest." That same year, Taki emerged as the winner of Unreality's "Queen of the Iron Fist Tournament" 2008, described as "the complete package, in body, face and skills alike." In 2009, Rich Knight of "Complex" listed Taki as one of top ten "hottest game girls" and later also pitted her against "Mortal Kombat"'s Kitana in its "battle of the beauties" feature, category "female ninjas", calling her "hot, face mask on or off". In 2010, UGO listed her among the 50 "hottest girls" in video games, describing her as "quick, efficient, and super-deadly". In 2011, Bob Muir of Japanator.com described Taki as "easily the hottest one in the cast" of the series and included her on his list of Japanese gaming's top ten "hottest girls" for her "sexy that insists on not covering up anything that's fun to look at on her voluptuous body, including her generous chest" and "a dark humor to all of her taunts." In the "Miss of Video Games 2012" poll by Polish console magazine "PSX Extreme", Taki was voted second place in the 'Soul Calibur' category where she came behind Sophitia.
Many publications commented on her large bust and revealing outfits. According to Sherilynn Macale's The Feed article about the breasts in video games, "the girl's practically draped in skin-tight, nipple-proud and crevice-filling material that clings to her agile, dual kodachi wielding frame." GameSpy in 2003 described her as "the bounciest ninja this side of Mai Shiranui" and "NGC Magazine" gave her the "Tightest Outfit" entry in their "Nintendo Book of Records" for her red catsuit from "Soulcalibur II". In his review of that game, Gaming Target's Ryan Genno wrote: "I love the ninja Taki and her very skin tight red number which I'm surprised got by the censors." GameDaily praised her "superb fashion sense" and positively contrasted with "Mortal Kombat"'s Mileena. GameDaily also repeatedly contrasted Taki's "inexplicably big" breasts and her "swift ninja moves," and rhetorically asked "how does she fight with those big boobs." Michael McWhertor of Kotaku wrote about "Soulcalibur IV": "Sure, Taki's boobs flopped about ridiculously with the slightest breeze it seemed, but that's not necessarily a complaint," while Vicious Sid of "GamePro" wrote: "Taki's, um, assets bobbed and jiggled after each move. We expect that fighting fans – and pubescent teen boys – will have a ton of fun with "Soul Calibur IV"". Ross Lincoln of GameFront included Taki's breasts on his 2011 list of "greatest boobs in video game history". Knight wrote that Taki's knowledge of mastery of ninjutsu and ninja magic that must be reason how she is able to do all her acrobatic moves with such a chest, adding that "most women with a cup size that big would have back pains and would have to sleep on their side at night" yet Taki "takes it all in stride, moving around the stage of history like the most athletic girl on the volleyball court." UGO commented: "To be honest we don't really care, but there must be some kind of ninja-magic that supports those behemoths."
There was also some criticism in this regard. According to McWhertor, Taki's "tighter than skin tight ninja outfit leavabsolutely nothing to the imagination, making her high kicks the stuff of "Hustler" magazine spreads." "EGM" commented on "ridiculously endowed ninja gal Taki, who demonstrates what happens now that consoles can chum out superflucous polygons to render realistic nipples under a skintight leotard." Shawn Sines of GameFront used the images of Taki from "Soulcalibur II" and Kasumi from the "Dead or Alive" series to illustrate the 2007 critical article about "the video game implementation of modeling female breasts." GamesRadar UK wrote that in "Soulcalibur IV" Taki’s breasts look if they "have been designed by a hormone-addled 13-year-old. They’re simply unfathomable and totally impractical for the fighting physique. If she gets punched in them it’s going to hurt and she isn’t even wearing a sports bra." Grant Howitt of "FHM" wondered about "how she kept those enormous breasts supported during fights". GamesRadar's AJ Glasser added: "Sure, Ivy's a couple of cup sizes larger, but Taki probably has less back pain."
Reactions to substitution.
A number of media outlets strongly criticized Taki's controversial replacement with Natsu in "Soulcalibur V". In 2011, "GamePro" stated it as one of the reasons why they were "worried" about the game. C.J. Smillie of Game Rant wrote that the "long-time favourite" Taki was one of the "most notable of the absentees", Daniel Maniago of G4tv listed her among the characters that are "noticeably absent", Nick Dinicola of PopMatters listed as first among the missing "fan favorite fighters", and Kotaku's Evan Narcisse described the replacement of "established characters Talim, Taki and Kilik" as Project Soul's "most baffling decision".
Following the release of "Soulcalibur V", the staff of IGN named Taki "the most obvious choice for the first DLC character" because her omission from the game was "ridiculous". In an accompanying poll that asked IGN's readers which character they would they choose to be added through downloadable content (including new characters from outside the series, such as Darth Maul), Taki placed third out of seven candidates. A review by "The Games Machine" called the game's roster "scandalous" and demanded to "bring back Taki!", while Angelo M. D'Argenio of Cheat Code Central included Natsu and "every new character in the game" in a 2012 list of top ten "lamest" video game characters of all time, writing that "instead of Taki, the mysterious ninja, we get Natsu, a bored girl with the same backstory as Naruto."
Some sources nevertheless approved of Taki's replacement. Taylor Cocke of "Official Xbox Magazine" stated that "you'll be happy to know that newcomer Natsu is taking up mantle and then some." Similarly, Derrick Smith of Game-insider.com wrote: "Taki, my personal all-time favorite doesn’t make the "Soul Calibur V" trip. Yet she is nicely replaced with Natsu, her apprentice who brings with her the complete Taki package with some added youth to spice things up." Jeremy Duff of GamingNexus.com suggested players who are "not happy with the fact that Taki was left out" to restore her through the game's "better than ever" character creation mode.
Bandai Namco Games' "Soulcalibur: Lost Swords" press release stated: "Taki makes a noticed come-back in the "SOULCALIBUR" series as fans were missing this really unique character."

</doc>
<doc id="21548357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548357" title="Gordon Jones (American football)">
Gordon Jones (American football)

Gordon Jones (born July 25, 1957) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Los Angeles Rams.

</doc>
<doc id="21548390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548390" title="Malahide Cricket Club">
Malahide Cricket Club

Malahide Cricket Club was founded in 1861 and is situated within Malahide Castle demesne, near the railway station. 
The club has over 400 members and is open all year round. The club currently fields 20 teams (5 Senior Men’s, 3 Ladies, 12 youth and a Taverners side). Both the men’s and women’s premier teams compete (in their respective leagues) at the highest grade of cricket played in Ireland.
The club has won a number of honours in its history, most notably the Irish Senior Cup in 2002 (Men's) and the Ladies Senior Cup and Pilkington Plate competitions.
Home Ground.
The Village or Malahide Cricket Club Ground is a cricket ground in the Malahide, Ireland. The ground is owned by the Malahide Cricket Club.
In September 2013, International Cricket Council cleared the ground to host an international cricket. The ground hosted its first international cricket match when home team Ireland played against England, with England winning by six wickets after captain Eoin Morgan hit 124 not out on what had been his home ground in his youth. The ground is now the biggest in Ireland.
The ground has been developed to a capacity of 11,500 making it Ireland's biggest cricket venue.
Malahide was also set to be the stage for two Twenty20 games against the touring South Africa A side in 2012, but both games were cancelled.
The ground became Ireland's third venue for international cricket, along with Castle Avenue in Dublin and the Civil Service Cricket Club Ground at Stormont.

</doc>
<doc id="21548395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548395" title="Richard Chase">
Richard Chase

Richard Trenton Chase (May 23, 1950 – December 26, 1980) was an American schizophrenic serial killer who killed six people in a span of a month in Sacramento, California. He was nicknamed "The Vampire of Sacramento" because he drank his victims' blood and cannibalized their remains.
Early life.
Chase was born in Santa Clara County, California. As a child abused by his mother, Chase exhibited by the age of 10 evidence of the Macdonald triad: enuresis, pyromania, and zoosadism. In his adolescence, he was known as an alcoholic and a chronic drug abuser, often doing drugs with his friend David Mark Purdy.
Early adulthood.
Chase developed hypochondria as he matured. He often complained that his heart would occasionally "stop beating", or that "someone had stolen his pulmonary artery". He would hold oranges on his head, believing Vitamin C would be absorbed by his brain via diffusion. Chase also believed that his cranial bones had become separated and were moving around, so he shaved his head in order to watch this activity.
After leaving his mother's house (believing she was attempting to poison him), Chase rented an apartment with friends. Chase's roommates complained that he was constantly intoxicated on alcohol, marijuana, and LSD. Chase would also walk around the apartment nude, even in front of company. Chase's roommates demanded that he move out. When he refused, the roommates moved out instead.
Once alone in the apartment, Chase began to capture, kill, and disembowel various animals, which he would then devour raw, sometimes mixing the raw organs with Coca-Cola in a blender and drinking the concoction. Chase reasoned that by ingesting the creatures he was preventing his heart from shrinking.
Institutionalization.
In 1975, Chase was involuntarily committed to a mental institution after being taken to a hospital after injecting rabbit's blood into his veins. He often shared with the staff fantasies about killing rabbits. He was once found with blood smeared around his mouth – hospital staff discovered he had been drinking the blood of birds; he had thrown the birds' corpses out of his hospital room window. Staff began referring to him as "Dracula".
While he was held at the institution, he claimed to have extracted blood from a therapy dog to curb his addiction, having obtained the syringes by cracking open the disposable boxes left in the doctor's offices. Occasionally, he defecated on himself and smeared the walls of the institution with his feces.
Chase was diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic. After undergoing a battery of treatments involving psychotropic drugs, Chase was deemed no longer a danger to society and, in 1976, he was released under the recognizance of his mother.
Chase's mother weaned him off the medication and got Chase his own apartment.
Later investigation uncovered that in mid-1977, Chase was stopped and arrested on a reservation in the Pyramid Lake (Nevada) area. His body was smeared with blood and a bucket of blood was in his truck. The blood was determined to be cow's blood, and no charges were filed.
Murders.
On December 29, 1977, Chase killed his first known victim in a drive-by shooting. The victim, Ambrose Griffin, was a 51-year-old engineer and father of two. After the shooting, one of Griffin's sons reported seeing a neighbor walking around their East Sacramento neighborhood with a .22 caliber rifle. The neighbor's rifle was seized, but ballistics tests determined that it was not the murder weapon.
Two weeks later, he attempted to enter the home of a woman but, finding that her doors were locked, walked away; Chase later told detectives that he took locked doors as a sign that he was not welcome, but that unlocked doors were an invitation to come inside. He was later chased off by a returning couple as he pilfered belongings from their home and urinated and defecated on their beds and clothing.
Teresa Wallin was Chase's next victim on January 23. Three months pregnant at the time, Wallin was surprised at her home by Chase, who shot her three times, killing her using the same gun he used to kill Griffin. He then raped her corpse while stabbing her several times with a butcher knife. He then removed multiple organs, cut off one of the nipples and drank the blood. Before leaving, he collected dog feces from the yard and stuffed it into the victim's mouth and down her throat.
On January 27, Chase committed his final murders. Entering the home of 38-year-old Evelyn Miroth, he encountered her friend, Danny Meredith, whom he shot with his .22 handgun. Stealing Meredith's wallet and car keys, he rampaged through the house, fatally shooting Miroth, her six-year-old son Jason, and her 22-month-old nephew David Ferreira. As with Wallin, Chase engaged in necrophilia and cannibalism with Miroth's corpse.
A six-year-old girl with whom Jason Miroth had a playdate knocked on the door, startling Chase, who fled the scene in Meredith's car, taking David's body with him. The girl alerted a neighbor, who then alerted the police. Upon entering the home, police discovered that Chase had left perfect handprints and shoe imprints in Miroth's blood.
Aftermath.
In 1979, Chase stood trial on six counts of murder. In order to avoid the death penalty, the defense tried to have him found guilty of second degree murder, which would result in a life sentence. Their case hinged on Chase's history of mental illness and the suggestion that his crimes were not premeditated.
On May 8, the jury in the highly publicized case found Chase guilty of six counts of first degree murder and Chase was sentenced to die in the gas chamber. They rejected the argument that he was not guilty by reason of insanity. His fellow inmates, aware of the graphic and bizarre nature of Chase's crimes, feared him, and according to prison officials, they often tried to convince Chase to commit suicide.
Chase granted a series of interviews with Robert Ressler, during which he spoke of his fears of Nazis and UFOs, claiming that although he had killed, it was not his fault; he had been forced to kill to keep himself alive, which he believed any person would do. He asked Ressler to give him access to a radar gun, with which he could apprehend the Nazi UFOs, so that the Nazis could stand trial for the murders. He also handed Ressler a large amount of macaroni and cheese, which he had been hoarding in his pants pockets, believing that the prison officials were in league with the Nazis and attempting to kill him with poisoned food.
On December 26, 1980, a guard checking cells found Chase lying awkwardly on his bed, not breathing. An autopsy determined that he committed suicide with an overdose of prison doctor-prescribed antidepressants that he had saved over several weeks.
Fictional portrayals.
The 1987 movie "Rampage", an adaptation of the William P. Wood novel of the same name, was loosely based on Chase's crimes.
Investigation Discovery's 2011 TV special "Lore: Deadly Obsession" was a two hour documentary reenactment of Chase's crimes. Chase was played by Dylan John Seaton.
The "" episode "Justice Is Served" was based on Chase's crimes.
The "Criminal Minds" episode "Blood Hungry" was based on Chase's crimes.
Chase's crimes were portrayed in an episode of the YouTube web series "The Vampire Of Sacramento", created by Black Box TV.
An identification card with Chase's identity can be found in the video game "Deadlight".
Mentioned in Season 1 Episode 3 of the BBC crime drama "Luther" while the main character is listing notorious serial killers.
In 2002 Sacramento Rapper "Brotha Lynch Hung" released his eighth studio album "Book III", which features the song "Refuse to Lose", in which at one minute and twenty two seconds into the song the notorious rapper compares himself to "The Vampire of Sacramento" (Richard Trenton Chase) by saying 
"Im like Richard Chase mixed with Al Capone".
On April 20, 2009 Japanese Doom/Stoner Metal band Church of Misery released "Houses of the Unholy" via Rise Above Records featuring the track "Blood Sucking Freak (Richard Trenton Chase)".
In March, 2014, pseudonymous recording artist Trenton Chase released an extended-play, 12" dance record titled "The Vampire of Sacramento" via the German record label, June.

</doc>
<doc id="21548403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548403" title="2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas – Singles">
2009 Copa Sony Ericsson Colsanitas – Singles

Nuria Llagostera Vives was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Patricia Mayr.

</doc>
<doc id="21548410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548410" title="Frontier (1955 TV series)">
Frontier (1955 TV series)

Frontier is an American Western anthology series that aired on NBC from September 1955, to September 1956. The series de-emphasizes gunplay and focuses on the hazards of the settlement of the American West. It was only the second anthology Western series in television history, having been preceded by "Death Valley Days".
"Frontier" aired premiered on September 25, 1955, and ran sporadically in its last five months. Walter Coy narrated the series and starred in occasional episodes, which are dramatizations based on actual events. The program was produced by Worthington Miner.
Premise.
Coy begins each "Frontier" episode with the line: "This is the way it happened ... movin' west", and he closed with the refrain: "It happened that way ... movin' west." "Frontier" is similar in scope to its predecessor and longer-lasting syndicated series "Death Valley Days", which went through a series of hosts, including Stanley Andrews (known on the program as The Old Ranger), Ronald W. Reagan, Robert Taylor, and Dale Robertson.
"Frontier" ran only a single season but was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award. 
, who in 1957 launched the role of Bart Maverick in the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Maverick", appeared three times on "Frontier" in the episodes entitled "The Hunted", "The Return of Jubal Dolan" (as lead character), and "The Hostage". Robert Vaughn was Kelly's co-star in "The Return of Jubal Dolan."
Production Notes.
The series was produced by California National Productions, which also released three syndicated western series, "Boots and Saddles", "Union Pacific" (1958–1959) and "Pony Express" (1959–1960). 
"Frontier" aired at 7:30 p.m. Eastern on Sundays following the sitcom "It's a Great Life". Its principal competition was on CBS: the alternating comedy programs, "The Jack Benny Show" and "Private Secretary" with Ann Sothern. "Frontier" was replaced on NBC in the 1956-1957 season by "Circus Boy".

</doc>
<doc id="21548428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548428" title="MYLK4">
MYLK4

Myosin light chain kinase 4 also known as MYLK4 is an enzyme which in humans is encoded by the "MYLK2" gene. MYLK4 is a member of the myosin light-chain kinase family of serine/threonine-specific protein kinases that phosphorylate the regulatory light chain of myosin II. 
This protein acts as an enzyme that catalyzes the following reaction: ATP + a protein -> ADP + a phosphoprotein. 
MYLK4 is also involved in protein amino acid phosphorylation meaning that it adds a phosphate group onto the molecule. 
Not very much is known about the specific functional characteristics of MLYK4, but it has recently been found that the gene may possibly have a role in having at least one driver mutation for cancer. 
MYLK4 may also be involved in transferase activity, ATP binding, protein serine/threonine kinase activity, and also nucleotide binding. 
Other names for MYLK4 are CaMLCK like; EG238564; MYLK4; Mylk4; Myosin light chain kinase family, member 4; SgK085; SGK085; Sgk085; Sugen kinase 85; Uncharacterized serine/threonine-protein kinase SgK085. 
The “Sgk” in the Sgk085 name for MYLK4 stands for to serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinases. These are serine/threonine protein kinases (SGKs) whose transcription is kept in check by cell volume, corticoids, and serum. 
There are other known myosin light-chain kinase enzymes.

</doc>
<doc id="21548436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548436" title="Wu Shaoyang">
Wu Shaoyang

Wu Shaoyang () (died September 29, 814) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty, who, after seizing control of Zhangyi Circuit (彰義/彰义, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) in 809, governed it in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial government until his death in 814.
Background.
It is not known when Wu Shaoyang was born, but it is known that his family was from Cang Prefecture (滄州/沧州, in modern Cangzhou, Hebei). His father was named Wu Xiang (吳翔), and both his father and he served in the army of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), when he became friendly with another Weibo soldier, Wu Shaocheng.
Sometime after Wu Shaocheng became military governor ("Jiedushi") of Zhaoyi Circuit in 786, he sent gold and silk to Weibo Circuit, requesting that he be allowed to have Wu Shaoyang. Weibo allowed Wu Shaoyang to report to Zhangyi. Wu Shaocheng claimed that Wu Shaoyang was a cousin, and gave him various commissions; Wu Shaoyang was also given access to Wu Shaocheng's mansion. Still, because Wu Shaocheng was cruel and suspicious, Wu Shaoyang requested a position not at headquarters, and Wu Shaocheng made him the prefect of Shen Prefecture (申州, in modern Xinyang, Henan). It was said that because Wu Shaoyang was lenient, he became favored by the army. When Wu Shaocheng grew ill in 809 and fell unconscious, his servant Xianyu Xiong'er (鮮于熊兒/鲜于熊儿), forged an order in Wu Shaocheng's name recalling Wu Shaoyang to serve as deputy military governor. Wu Shaoyang put Wu Shaocheng's son Wu Yuanqing (吳元慶/吴元庆) to death and took over the circuit. After Wu Shaocheng died around the new year 810, Wu Shaoyang claimed the title of acting military governor. As then-reigning Emperor Xianzong was already waging a campaign against another warlord, Wang Chengzong, who ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei), at the time, he felt that he could not act against Wu Shaoyang as well, so he made his son Li You the Prince of Sui the titular military governor of Zhaoyi and gave Wu Shaoyang the title of acting military governor in spring 810. In spring 811, Wu was made military governor.
As "Jiedushi".
It was said that during the years he was military governor, Wu Shaoyang did not pay homage to the emperor. As his territory had many plains and meadows, he cultivated husbandry of horses and mules. He often pillaged the hills of neighboring Shou Prefecture (壽州/寿州, in modern Lu'an, Anhui), which were known for growing tea, to rob the tea merchants. He also often accepted those persons who were under prosecution by other circuits and put them into his army. However, as he often submitted tributes of horses to Emperor Xianzong, Emperor Xianzong did not act against him.
Wu Shaoyang died in 814. His son Wu Yuanji initially did not announce his death and tried to obtain imperial sanction to succeed him. When Emperor Xianzong refused to grant him a commission, Wu Yuanji reacted by pillaging the surrounding circuits, and Emperor Xianzong declared a general campaign against him, eventually defeating and killing him.

</doc>
<doc id="21548458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548458" title="Tom Butler (footballer)">
Tom Butler (footballer)

Thomas "Tom" Butler (died 11 November 1923) was an English footballer who played as an inside-left. He played 60 league games in the Football League, scoring 23 goals. He played for non-league Willenhall, before spending the 1921–22 season at Walsall. He joined Port Vale via Darlaston in December 1922. He broke his arm in a game on 3 November 1923, and died eight days later from a subsequent tetanus infection.
Playing career.
Butler started his career at Birmingham & District League side Willenhall, before joining Walsall in 1921. He played 28 Third Division North games for the "Saddlers" in 1921–22, scoring 12 goals. He then returned to semi-professional football with Darlaston.
He had a one-month trial at Second Division Port Vale in December 1922, and manager Joe Schofield signed him permanently for £100 the following month. Butler was a huge success in the 1922–23 season, becoming top scorer with nine goals in 26 games. At the end of the season he played in a defeat to local rivals Stoke in the North Staffordshire Infirmary Cup.
He started 1923–24 by scoring in a defeat to Stoke at The Old Recreation Ground. However, after scoring in a 1–1 draw with Clapton Orient on 3 November he suffered a compound fracture of the left arm; he died from tetanus (also called lockjaw) eight days later in Hackney Hospital after complications had set in.

</doc>
<doc id="21548472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548472" title="Mandy (album)">
Mandy (album)

Mandy is the debut studio album by Mandy Smith. It was released by PWL in 1988, re-issued in 1993 in Japan and re-mastered and re-issued in 2009. It was also Mandy's only album.
Track listings.
Bonus tracks.
CD album has a bonus track.
These bonus tracks are included on Japan 1993 Re-issue.
These bonus tracks are included on the 2009 re-issue album.

</doc>
<doc id="21548473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548473" title="Ernest Carter">
Ernest Carter

Ernest Carter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21548481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548481" title="Heinrich Rosenthal">
Heinrich Rosenthal

Heinrich Rosenthal ( in Tartu – 10 May 1916 in Tallinn) was an Estonian nationalist leader, doctor and author. 
He was a founder of the Estonian Students' Society in 1870 while a student at the University of Tartu. He wrote the book "Kulturbestrebungen des estnischen Volkes während eines Menschenalters(1869-1900) (The cultural aspirations of the Estonian people during one generation (1869-1900))" (Reval: Cordes & Schenk, 1912).

</doc>
<doc id="21548494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548494" title="Walt Levinsky">
Walt Levinsky

Walt Levinsky (April 18, 1929 
- December 14, 1999) was an American big band and orchestral player, composer, arranger and band leader. While many of his big band assignments were as lead alto sax player, his favorite instrument was the clarinet. Walt was known for his fine instrumental technique and his rich, round tone both on clarinet and sax.
Musical education.
Born in Paterson, New Jersey he began playing the clarinet at age 9, tutored by his brother Kermit. His first formal study on clarinet and sax was with Joe Allard, a prominent New York teacher. Later Walt attended the Music Conservatory at Lebanon Valley College, Annville, Pennsylvania where he majored in clarinet. Walt was an 'A' student and the college woodwind instructor, Frank Stachow, once said to him: "You're the most talented musician that ever came to this school." His secondary instruments were alto saxophone and flute, and of course he was required to learn keyboard while at music school.
Musical career.
Walt's first assignment with a 'name' band was with the Les Elgart orchestra. Then, as a full-time professional, he replaced Buddy DeFranco in the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra which toured in the US and Cuba. During the Korean war years Walt enlisted in the US Air Force and served as a musician and member of the Air Force band. 
After his Air Force discharge in 1954 Walt wanted to avoid the disruptive life of a band member on the road and settled in the New York area. Back with the Tommy Dorsey band for a brief stint, he then landed a job as reed player on a Broadway show. That was the beginning of a period when Walt worked as an instrumentalist in various show orchestras and also backed recording artists as a studio session musician. In 1956 when Benny Goodman was assembling a new band for an engagement at New York's Waldorf Astoria Hotel, he selected Walt as his lead sax player. While with the Goodman band, Walt was nominated by Benny as his backup player for the clarinet solos. When that engagement closed, Walt signed on for a summer contract with the Goodman band playing concerts in other cities. 
Walt then joined the NBC Staff Orchestra. During this period Walt recorded an RCA album with the Sauter-Finegan Orchestra playing Benny Goodman's clarinet solos. While at NBC, Walt took various freelance assignments and also contracted to the CBS Staff band. In 1962, Walt graduated to The Tonight Show Band, led by Skitch Henderson (later headed by Doc Severinson) backing The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. 
After leaving NBC in the late 60's, Walt joined MBA Music, a small New York company that produced music for commercials. This gave Walt the chance to move into composing, arranging and conducting. Over several years Walt composed, scored and conducted music for many NBC films. In the summer of 1968 Walt was offered the job of clarinet soloist for the re-created Artie Shaw band. Artie himself conducted the sessions, and requested Walt to play his original solos note-for-note (see discography below). During these New York years Walt worked and recorded with many 'name' artists such as: Tony Bennett, Stan Getz, Lena Horne, Gerry Mulligan, Doc Severinsen, Frank Sinatra and Sarah Vaughan. As a freelance music director Walt also worked and toured with other well known artists like Nina van Pallandt (of Nina & Frederik), and actor and entertainer Richard Harris. 
He also composed for Score Productions, a well-known production company specializing in TV music. Walt is credited on a 1976 album of "The Price is Right" cues which include much of the show's music still heard today such as the showcase showdown and various car cues.
The 1990s brought further success with a busy concert and touring schedule as bandleader and clarinet soloist with his Great American Swing Band.
He died in River Edge, NJ, aged 70, from a brain tumour. He is survived by his daughters Judy and Sue, and son Ken who is a pianist and professional musician.
Discography.
"Artie Shaw Recreates His Great 38 Band", Capitol 1968, ST-2992<br>
"Walt Levinsky and his Great American Swing Band", Kenzo Music 1989, 341829-1153<br>
"Walt Levinsky in Concert: As He Wanted To Be Rememered", Arbors Records 2003, ARCD 19210<br>
"Price 1976 Library - The Eclectic Ensemble", OmniSound 1976, MLP1002
As sideman.
With Art Farmer
With Henri Rene
With Don Sebesky
Books.
"The Melody Lingers On... An Autobiography", Walt Levinsky, Cadence Jazz Books, NY 2004

</doc>
<doc id="21548501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548501" title="Touch the World">
Touch the World

Touch the World is the fourteenth studio album by Earth, Wind & Fire, produced by the band's leader Maurice White for Kalimba Productions, and released in 1987 on Columbia Records. Touch the World has been certified gold in the US for sales of over 500,000 copies by the RIAA. "Touch The World" also marked the debut of former Commodores guitarist Sheldon Reynolds to the lineup.
Reception.
Spawned from the album, the singles "System of Survival" and "Thinking of You" both went to number 1 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play charts and System of Survival went to number one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks while Thinking Of You went to number three. Touch the World was nominated for a Soul Train Award in the category of Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year.
Covers and Samples.
"Touch the World", the title track of the album, was covered by Whitney Houston for her "" in 1994. Houston's mother came on stage and directed a choir to sing along with Houston and her background singers. System of Survival was sampled by Italian rapper Jovanotti on the track Funky Lab featured on his 1988 album Jovanotti for President.

</doc>
<doc id="21548503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548503" title="Jaffna Electoral District (1947–1989)">
Jaffna Electoral District (1947–1989)

Jaffna Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the city of Jaffna in Jaffna District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Jaffna electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Jaffna continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
V. Yogeswaran and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Yogeswaran forfeited his seat in Parliament on 22 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21548504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548504" title="Molson Canadian Men's Provincial Curling Championship">
Molson Canadian Men's Provincial Curling Championship

The Molson Canadian Men's Provincial Curling Championship is the New Brunswick provincial championship for men's curling. The winner represents Team New Brunswick at the Tim Hortons Brier. It was formerly called the Alexander Keith's Tankard, the Labatt Tankard and Ganong Cup.
Qualification.
The eight teams that play in the provincial are selected from either the preliminary round or the wild card round. 

</doc>
<doc id="21548517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548517" title="SR.N2">
SR.N2

The Westland/Saunders-Roe SR.N2 hovercraft first flew in 1961. It weighed 27 tons and could carry 48 passengers. Although only one was built it can be regarded as the prototype for commercial hovercraft, following on from the SR.N1 research craft. It was demonstrated on the Saint Lawrence River, Canada in 1962 and operated as a ferry on the River Severn in 1963. It was then fitted with deeper (4 ft) skirts to improve its performance in rough seas. Southdown Motor Services and Westland Aircraft ran the SR.N2 on the Solent between Eastney and Ryde in 1963/4, carrying 30,000 passengers. It was eventually broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="21548523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548523" title="Brown Square">
Brown Square

Brown Square is a small green space in downtown Newburyport, Massachusetts.
It is named for New England merchant, Moses Brown (1742–1827), who lived in Brown Square House adjacent to the square. There were several anti-slavery gatherings in the square.
The square has a memorial statue to William Lloyd Garrison.

</doc>
<doc id="21548524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548524" title="Roy Williamson (bishop)">
Roy Williamson (bishop)

Robert Kerr "Roy" Williamson (born 18 December 1932) was the seventh Bishop of Bradford from 1984 until 1991, who was then translated to Southwark where he served until his retirement seven years later. 
Williamson was educated at Kingston Polytechnic and Oak Hill Theological College, his first post after ordination was as a curate at Crowborough Parish Church. He then held incumbencies at St Paul, Hyson Green, Nottingham and St Ann with Emmanuel, in the same city before being appointed Archdeacon of Nottingham in 1978, his last post before elevation to the Episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="21548531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548531" title="Cameras In Primary Care">
Cameras In Primary Care

Cameras In Primary Care is a project to give hi-tech instant print cameras to general practitioners in primary care in Britain and ask them to send in a photograph with all their dermatological referrals. This enables the dermatologist to dramatically improve the referral triage process and reduces the numbers of patients who have to attend the dermatology department. The scheme was devised by consultant dermatologist, Dr Alun Evans [http://www.southwalesdermatologist.co.uk] and is taking place in the Bridgend, Neath and Port Talbot areas of South Wales.
Background.
In the United Kingdom skin conditions account for about a 20% of a family doctor's workload. Many of these patients can be dealt with in the practice, but a significant number end up being referred to hospital for a specialist opinion. More than 6,000 new patients are seen in the Princess of Wales and Neath Port Talbot hospitals each year. However, there is a national shortage of dermatologists and a number of posts remain unfilled, particularly in rural areas. This is against a background of increasing levels of skin disease – especially skin cancer – and a higher demand for services. There are also an increasing number of successful interventions which require specialist input, usually in a hospital setting. Over recent years, this has led to long waits for patients to get a second opinion.
Referrals to a specialist.
Currently the normal procedure is for a GP to write a referral letter to the hospital, which is then triaged by a consultant. For most specialities this is perfectly adequate, but dermatology is very visual and the current triage process relies on interpreting someone else’s written description of the clinical signs. This can lead to inaccurate prioritising, mainly resulting in patients being given unnecessarily urgent appointments, which wastes resources. Of more concern, however, are the (thankfully rarer) cases where patients have to wait too long for their appointment as they have mistakenly been given a routine appointment.
Camera referral system.
Under the new system, GPs take a high-quality instant clinical photograph of the patient’s skin complaint in the surgery and send it to the specialist, along with their written referral. This is subject to the patient’s consent – sometimes the patient or GP may decide that sending a picture is not appropriate. This scheme makes our referral system much safer for patients, helping to avoid potentially dangerous errors. The cameras themselves are not the consumer-level Polaroids marketed for use on holiday in the 1970s – they are Polaroid Macro 5 series which cost around £700, with each photo costing a further 80p. Despite their unusual appearance, they are hi-tech pieces of photographic equipment often used by the police, scientists and forensic teams for producing high-quality close-up images. They have the advantage of being very simple to use, requiring minimal training to obtain excellent clinical images every time. The photos have been invaluable in improving the triage process and spotting severe disease or skin cancers. There has also been an interesting by-product of this system, in that some of the photographs are of such good quality that a consultant dermatologist can make a clinical decision based on the photograph alone, without actually seeing the patient. This is called a 'virtual consultation' and it not only speeds up a patient’s treatment but saves them a trip to the hospital and releases an outpatient appointment which can be used by someone else. Because early detection and treatment are so important in skin cancer, these cameras might even be life-saving. Patients who do not need to be seen are often sent directly for minor surgery or other treatments, or their GP is given advice on how to manage them within primary care.
Advantages.
When the project was introduced at Neath Port Talbot Hospital doctors found that 60% of patients who were referred with a photograph could avoid their first outpatient visit. So far more than 2,000 first appointments have been saved and by improving the efficiency of dermatology service the Trust hopes to be able to achieve their goal of dramatically reducing waiting lists. 
The project was funded as a joint venture between the Bridgend and Neath Port Talbot local health boards and the hospitals and is subject to regular performance review. The aim is to deliver increased efficiency and capacity without any effect on the quality of the service. So far there has not been a single adverse event or complaint from a GP or a patient.
Using photographs to deal with difficult cases to avoid long journeys from rural areas is not a new concept. Teledermatology has been around in various guises for many years. However the screening approach employed by these dermatologists, whereby every patient has a photograph sent with their referral, is unique to South Wales. A local family doctor in Port Talbot, said: “The introduction of the cameras in primary care has been the single most important change in the local dermatology service in the 25 years I have been in practice.”
The scheme won the Bro Morgannwg NHS Trust chief executive’s innovation award in December 2007 and the prize money is being used to set up a health psychology post at the Princess of Wales Hospital to provide counselling and support to those affected by their skin disease.
The future.
While a number of other areas in Wales have shown an interest in adopting the same referral procedure this has not been possible as Polaroid have stopped making the cameras. Fortunately the films are still available allowing the project to continue in its current form.

</doc>
<doc id="21548567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548567" title="Woodhill">
Woodhill

Woodhill may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="21548584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548584" title="Somerset Beaumont">
Somerset Beaumont

Somerset Archibald Beaumont DL, FRGS (6 February 1835 – 8 December 1921) was a British Liberal politician.
Beaumont was the third son of the politician Thomas Wentworth Beaumont and his wife Henrietta Jane Emma Hawks Atkinson, daughter of John Atkinson. His younger brother was Wentworth Beaumont, 1st Baron Allendale. Beaumont was educated at Harrow School and then at Trinity College, Cambridge. He stood successfully in a by-election for Newcastle-upon-Tyne in 1860, a seat he held until 1865. In the general election of 1868 Beaumont was returned to the House of Commons again and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wakefield until 1874. He was one of the founders of the Anglo-Austrian Bank.
Beaumont was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and a Deputy Lieutenant of Northumberland. He died in 1921, unmarried and childless.

</doc>
<doc id="21548601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548601" title="Propleopus">
Propleopus

Propleopus is an extinct genus of marsupials. Three species are known, "P. chillagoensis" from the Plio-Pleistocene, "P. oscillans", and "P. wellingtonensis" from the Pleistocene. In contrast to most other kangaroos, and similar to its small extant relative, the musky rat-kangaroo, it was probably omnivorous.

</doc>
<doc id="21548604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548604" title="Lyn Christie">
Lyn Christie

Lyn Christie, MD, "(né" Lyndon Van Christie; born 3 August 1928) is an American jazz bassist. He was born and raised in Australia, earned a medical degree from Otago Medical School, New Zealand, and, while practicing as a physician in Australia, played in the Australian jazz scene until he moved to New York City in the mid-1960s. In New York, he initially worked as a medical doctor, continued to play jazz and attended the Juilliard School of Music. Christie has played with a variety of notable jazz musicians including Ahmad Jamal, Jaki Byard, Chet Baker, Paul Winter, Buddy Rich, Toshiko Akiyoshi, Tal Farlow and many others.
In the 1970s he established a teaching position and eventually became Director Emeritus of Jazz Studies at Westchester Conservatory in New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="21548613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548613" title="List of business schools in Chile">
List of business schools in Chile

There are more than 40 private and public universities in Chile that grant undergraduate and graduate degrees in business fields as administration, economics, finance, marketing and human resources.
The list below are the most popular national rankings based on business managers and recruiters surveys. All of the universities mentioned are accredited by the National Accreditation Commission (CNA) due to they have achieved the higher educational standards imposed by this government institution.

</doc>
<doc id="21548619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548619" title="Paritala">
Paritala

Paritala is a village in the Krishna district of the state of Andhra Pradesh, South India. It hosts the tallest statue of Hanuman in India.
History.
When the British achieved paramountcy over India, the Nizams were allowed to continue to rule their princely states as client kings. The Nizams retained internal power over Paritala village until 1948 when Paritala was integrated into the new Indian Union.
Temples.
A statue in depicting Hanuman called Veera Abhaya Anjaneya Hanuman Swami is located in the village. It was installed in 2003 and stands 135 feet tall (41 meters). It is the tallest statue of Hanuman in the world, and the tallest statue in India.
Diamonds.
During medieval times and British rule Paritala-Kollur mines were famous for diamond mining. Diamonds such as Pitt and Regent diamonds were mined here. Other famous diamonds of Paritala mines include Darya-i-Nur, Dresden Green and Legrand Conde.
Politics.
Paritala is politically active village. People are politically active and support political parties with due diligence.
Economy.
Agriculture is major occupation as well as real-estate business.
Educational institutions.
Paritala has couple of schools and Engineering Colleges

</doc>
<doc id="21548628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548628" title="Satindra Mohan Dev Stadium">
Satindra Mohan Dev Stadium

Satindra Mohan Dev Stadium is a multipurpose stadium situated at Silchar, Assam. The stadium was earlier known as the DSA Stadium. After extensive upgrade of facilities, it was renamed after the father of Sri Santosh Mohan Dev. The stadium is used for football and cricket and has a capacity of around 30,000. It also hosted Ranji Trophy as well as Duleep Trophy matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21548643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548643" title="Frank Sherwin (artist)">
Frank Sherwin (artist)

Frank Sherwin was born in Derby and studied at the Derby School of Art and then in Chelsea, London at the Heatherleys School of Fine Art.
He specialised in watercolours, but is remembered for the railway posters which promoted travel to holiday destinations around Britain and were very much part of the railways in the days of steam. He did posters for GWR, LMS, LNER & British Rail.
During the war he was an advisor to the War Office on the camouflage of air fields. It is also said that some of his paintings were used in wartime posters.
For the last forty six years of his life he lived in the High Street, in Cookham Village in Berkshire. There was an exhibition of his work at the Cookham Festival in 2007. Cookham is also the village of Sir Stanley Spencer, one of England's most renowned artists.
Frank died in 1986 at Slough.

</doc>
<doc id="21548645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548645" title="Haida Islands">
Haida Islands

The Haida Islands are a small archipelago on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, south of Stryker Island and near the community of Bella Bella. They should not be confused with the Haida Gwaii, which translates as "Haida islands" and which are commonly referred to as such.

</doc>
<doc id="21548649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548649" title="Cyrtograptus">
Cyrtograptus

Cyrtograptus is an extinct genus of graptolite.

</doc>
<doc id="21548656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548656" title="Mauricio Pastrana">
Mauricio Pastrana

Mauricio Antonio Pastrana Tapi, more commonly known as Mauricio Pastrana, (born 20 January 1973 in Montería, Colombia) is a Colombian professional boxer who fights in the super bantamweight division.
Professional career.
Pastrana turned professional in October 1991. In his debut at Sincelejo, Colombia, Pastrana defeated fellow debutant Allende Rudino with a knockout in the second round. On January 18, 1997, Córdoba defeated Michael Carbajal in a twelve-round split decision in the Thomas & Mack Center, Las Vegas, Nevada for the IBF light flyweight title.
Pastrana would go on to take the WBA flyweight title, IBA and IBO super flyweight title and IBA Bantamweight titles.

</doc>
<doc id="21548663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548663" title="History of Monday Night Football">
History of Monday Night Football

The following article details the history of "Monday Night Football", the weekly broadcast of National Football League games on U.S. television.
Pre-1970.
During the early 1960s, NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle envisioned the possibility of playing at least one game weekly during prime time for a greater TV audience. (While the NFL had scheduled Saturday night games on the DuMont network in 1953-1954, poor ratings and the dissolution of DuMont led to the series being eliminated by the time CBS took over the rights in 1956.) An early bid in 1964 to play on Friday nights was soundly defeated, with critics charging that such telecasts would damage the attendance at high school games. Undaunted, Rozelle decided to experiment with the concept of playing on Monday night, scheduling the Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions for a game on September 28, 1964. While the game was not televised, it drew a sellout crowd of 59,203 to Tiger Stadium, the largest crowd ever to watch a professional football game in Detroit up to that point.
Two years later, Rozelle would build on this success as the NFL began a four-year experiment of playing on Monday night, scheduling one game in prime time on CBS during the 1966 and 1967 seasons, and two contests during each of the next two years. NBC followed suit in 1968 and 1969 with games involving American Football League teams.
During subsequent negotiations on a new television contract that would begin in 1970 (coinciding with a merger between the NFL and AFL), Rozelle concentrated on signing a weekly Monday night deal with one of the three major networks. After sensing reluctance from both NBC and CBS in disturbing their regular programming schedules, Rozelle spoke with ABC.
Despite the network's status as the lowest-rated network, ABC was also reluctant to enter the risky venture. Only after Rozelle used the threat of signing with the independent Hughes Sports Network, an entity bankrolled by reclusive businessman Howard Hughes, did ABC sign a contract for the scheduled games. Speculation was that had Rozelle signed with Hughes, many ABC affiliates would have pre-empted the network's Monday lineup in favor of the games, severely damaging potential ratings.
1970s.
After the final contract for "Monday Night Football" was signed, ABC Sports producer Roone Arledge immediately saw possibilities for the new show. Setting out to create an entertainment "spectacle" as much as a simple sports broadcast, Arledge hired Chet Forte, who would serve as director of the program for over 22 years. Arledge also ordered twice the usual number of cameras to cover the game, expanded the regular two-man broadcasting booth to three and used extensive graphic design within the show as well as "instant replay."
Prior to 1978, Monday night games were not scheduled in the final week (Week 14) of the regular season. From 1974–77, a Saturday night game was scheduled for Week 14 and televised live by ABC in lieu of a Monday night game.
Jackson, Cosell, and Meredith.
Looking for a lightning rod to garner attention, Arledge hired controversial New York sportscaster Howard Cosell as a commentator, along with veteran football play-by-play man Keith Jackson. Arledge had tried to lure Curt Gowdy and then Vin Scully to ABC for the "MNF" play-by-play role, but settled for Jackson after they proved unable to break existing contracts with NBC Sports and the Los Angeles Dodgers, respectively. Jack Buck was also considered, but when Arledge assistant Chuck Howard telephoned Buck with the job offer, Buck refused to respond due to anger at his treatment by ABC during an earlier stint with the network. Arledge's original choice for the third member of the trio, Frank Gifford, was unavailable since he was still under contract to CBS Sports. However, Gifford suggested former Dallas Cowboy quarterback Don Meredith, setting the stage for years of fireworks between the often-pompous Cosell and the laid-back Meredith.
"Monday Night Football" first aired on ABC on September 21, 1970, with a game between the New York Jets and the Browns in Cleveland. Advertisers were charged $65,000 per minute by ABC during the clash, a cost that proved to be a bargain when the contest collected 33 percent of the viewing audience. The Browns defeated the Jets, 31-21 in a game which featured a 94-yard kickoff return for a touchdown by the Browns' Homer Jones and was punctuated when Billy Andrews intercepted Joe Namath late in the fourth quarter and returned it 25 yards for the clinching touchdown. However, Cleveland viewers saw different programming on WEWS-TV, because of the NFL's blackout rules of the time (this would apply for all games through the end of the 1972 season - beginning in 1973, home games could be televised if they sold out 72 hours before kickoff).
One of the trademarks of "Monday Night Football" is a music cue used during the opening teasers of each program, a Johnny Pearson composition entitled "Heavy Action", originally a KPM production library cue (and also used as the theme music for the BBC's "Superstars" series). "Monday Night Football" began using "Heavy Action" in 1978.
That success would continue over the course of the season, helping establish a phenomenon on Monday nights in the fall: Movie attendance dropped, bowling leagues shifted to Tuesday nights and a Seattle hospital established an unwritten rule of no births during games.
Cosell's presence initially caused Henry Ford II, chairman of the Ford Motor Company, the show's main sponsor, to ask for his removal. ABC refused, and Ford had a change of heart once the show's ratings were made public. Cosell dodged another controversy when he appeared to be intoxicated on the air during the November 23 game between the New York Giants and Philadelphia Eagles. Already ill, Cosell drank at a promotional party prior to the game, then ended up vomiting on Don Meredith's cowboy boots near the end of the first half. Jackson and Meredith ended up announcing the rest of the contest.
Cosell, Gifford, and Meredith.
In 1971, Gifford became available and Arledge brought him to ABC to serve as play-by-play announcer, replacing Jackson (who returned to broadcasting college football for the network, which he continued to do for the next 35 seasons). The former New York Giant had been an NFL analyst for CBS during the 1960s but had never called play-by-play prior to joining "Monday Night Football". In that capacity for "Monday Night Football" from 1971-1985, Gifford was often criticized for his see-no-evil approach in regard to discussing the NFL, earning him the dubious nickname "Faultless Frank." Regardless, Gifford would have the longest tenure of any broadcaster on the show, lasting until 1998.
Cosell's abrasive personality gave him enough recognition to host a live ABC variety show in the fall of 1975. That show is remembered today only as a trivia question, as its title, ""Saturday Night Live"", prevented a new late-night sketch comedy program on NBC from using that title until the ABC show was canceled. That seeming popularity was in contrast to the repeated criticisms in the media, as well as bar room contests in which winners were allowed to throw a brick through a television image of Cosell.
After beginning with critical acclaim, Meredith began to take his weekly assignments less seriously, while also beginning an acting career. By 1973, his motivation for the broadcasts seemed highly suspect, given incidents during a trio of contests. On October 29, Meredith was drinking during the Buffalo Bills-Kansas City Chiefs game, which was preceded one week earlier by his pre-game analysis of the Denver Broncos–Oakland Raiders game: ""We're in the Mile High City and I sure am"" — a not-so-subtle reference to his use of marijuana at the time. Finally, during the Pittsburgh Steelers-Washington Redskins game on November 5, he referred to U.S. President Richard Nixon as "Tricky Dick."
Cosell, Gifford, Williamson, and Karras.
Meredith would be absent from "Monday Night Football" for a broadcasting and acting career on rival NBC from 1974 through 1976. Fred Williamson, a former Kansas City Chiefs defensive back nicknamed "The Hammer" for his often-brutal hits, was selected by ABC to replace Meredith in 1974, but following a few pre-season broadcasts, proved so inarticulate that he was relieved of his duties prior to the start of the regular season, becoming the first "MNF" personality not to last an entire season (much less no part of the regular season at all). Williamson was replaced by fellow Gary, Indiana native Alex Karras, formerly of the Detroit Lions. The highlight of Williamson's "MNF" career was probably at the introductory press conference where he quipped that he was hired to ""bring some color to the booth.""
Karras made his debut on September 16, 1974 and immediately made an impact when he jokingly referred to Oakland Raiders' defensive lineman Otis Sistrunk as having attended "The University of Mars." That would essentially be the high point of Karras' three-year tenure, with a developing movie career often distracting him from showing any improvement (In reality, Sistrunk did not attend any college but played semi-pro ball before getting a tryout with the Raiders; after Karras' remark and for the rest of Sistrunk's time with the team the Raiders team guide listed his college alma mater as "The University of Mars").
Cosell, Gifford, Meredith, and Tarkenton.
Meredith returned to the ABC booth in 1977, but seemed to lack the enthusiasm that had marked his first stint from 1970–1973. While the NFL moved to a 16-week schedule in 1978, Meredith was contractually obligated to work only 14 games, leaving Cosell and Gifford to work games as a duo or with newly retired Fran Tarkenton beginning in 1979.
From 1977 through 1986, ABC also aired occasional NFL games on Thursday, Saturday, and Sunday nights. Each of these telecasts would be billed by the network as a Special Thursday/Saturday/Sunday Night Edition of Monday Night Football.
One of the more somber contests in the run of the series came on November 27, 1978 when the San Francisco 49ers hosted the Pittsburgh Steelers. Earlier in the day, San Francisco mayor George Moscone and City Supervisor Harvey Milk had been murdered at City Hall. Despite the complaints that followed, the NFL chose to play the game, a decision that mirrored the league's playing the weekend of the John F. Kennedy assassination 15 years earlier.
The opening contest of the 1979 season saw a poignant moment as former New England Patriots wide receiver Darryl Stingley was introduced to a sellout crowd at the Patriots' Schaefer Stadium. Stingley had been paralyzed in a preseason game the year before and was making his first visit to the stadium since the accident.
1980s.
John Lennon tragedy.
One of the most remembered moments in "Monday Night Football" history occurred on December 8, 1980, yet had nothing to do with the game or football in general. During a game between the Miami Dolphins and New England Patriots, Howard Cosell broke the news of famed Beatle John Lennon's assassination, news that stunned a nationwide audience.
Rest of 1980s.
The 1982 television contract renewal also put ABC in the Super Bowl rotation for the first time, with Super Bowl XIX in 1985. A second renewal of the television contract gave them XXII in 1988.
From 1983 through 1986, ABC also aired a Friday night game in the final week (Week 16) of the regular season in addition to the normal Monday night game.
Cosell, Gifford, Meredith, and Simpson.
Cosell continued to draw criticism during "Monday Night Football" with one of his offhand comments during the September 5, 1983 game igniting a controversy and laying the groundwork for his departure at the end of that season. In a game between the Washington Redskins and Dallas Cowboys, Cosell referred to Alvin Garrett, an African American wide receiver for the Redskins, as a "little monkey." Cosell noted that Garrett's small stature, and not his race, was the basis for his comment, citing the fact that he had used the term to describe his grandchildren. Later, a special on Howard Cosell showed him calling Mike Adamle (a white player) a "little monkey." Stung by the unrelenting barrage of remarks, Cosell claimed upon his departure from "Monday Night Football" that the NFL had become "a stagnant bore." In Cosell's book, "I Never Played the Game", he devoted an entire chapter ("Monkey Business") to the Garrett episode. Also in "I Never Played the Game", Cosell said that ABC should have had the right to choose its own "Monday Night" schedule. In his mind, "Monday Night Football" is what elevated the NFL in popularity over Major League Baseball. He felt this should have been ABC's reward for raising the level of the NFL's popularity.
That same year, O. J. Simpson replaced Tarkenton as a fill-in when Meredith or Cosell, who also was a broadcaster for Major League Baseball's playoffs, was unavailable. The season would serve as a study in contrasts as one of the most exciting Monday night games ever was followed the next week by one of the most badly played in the run of the series. On October 17, 1983, the highest scoring game in "Monday Night Football" history took place in the Green Bay Packers/Washington Redskins game, with the Packers winning the game by a 48–47 score. Seven days later, the New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals played for more than four hours before settling for a 20–20 overtime tie, "MNF"'s only OT tie to date. The deadlock had come after dropped touchdown passes by Cardinal wide receivers Willard Harrell and Roy Green and a trio of missed field goals by teammate Neil O'Donoghue, including two in the final 63 seconds of the overtime period.
Gifford, Meredith, and Simpson.
When Cosell left prior to the start of the 1984 season, the trio of Gifford, Meredith and Simpson handled the duties. Cosell's departure seemed to have the greatest effect on Meredith, who many believed to be a poor analyst in his absence. Falling ratings also gave indications that much of the mystique that surrounded the weekly event had disappeared.
Gifford, Simpson, and Namath.
After the 1984 season, ABC replaced Meredith with Joe Namath the following year, with the quarterback making his debut in the annual Pro Football Hall of Fame Game. In a coincidental twist, both Namath and Simpson were busy prior to the telecast with their induction into the shrine.
One of the more grisly moments in "Monday Night Football" history occurred during a game between the Washington Redskins and New York Giants on November 18, 1985, at RFK Stadium. Redskins quarterback Joe Theismann's career would end when Giants linebacker Lawrence Taylor reached from behind to drag him down and Taylor fell heavily on the quarterback’s leg in the process. On the play, which viewers could see in a gruesome slow-motion replay, Theismann suffered a compound fracture of the tibia and fibula in his lower right leg. The injury ended the playing career of Theismann, who had teamed with Gifford and Meredith on ABC's coverage of Super Bowl XIX in January 1985.
Two weeks after that painful memory, the series' most watched contest took place as the previously unbeaten Chicago Bears were defeated by the Miami Dolphins, who had not lost to an NFC team at home since 1976. That would turn out to be Chicago's only loss in 1985. The show gained a Nielsen rating of 29.6 with a 46 share.
Gifford and Michaels.
Both Namath and Simpson would be replaced at the end of the 1985 NFL season, with critics noting their lack of journalistic skills in comparison to Cosell. In their place the following year came veteran broadcaster Al Michaels, who had previously anchored ABC's pregame coverage of Super Bowl XIX and had been since 1983 the lead play-by-play announcer of "Monday Night Baseball". Michaels had also by this point, gained much notoriety at ABC for his 1980 "Miracle on Ice" broadcast.
Michaels served as the play-by-play announcer, teaming with Gifford for a two-man booth in 1986. During that season, the Miami Dolphins again made Monday night history with the biggest blowout in "Monday Night Football" history in a 45-3 rout of the then 10-1 New York Jets. (The record was later tied and subsequently broken in 2005; see below.) Also in 1986, when Al Michaels became unavailable because he was calling Major League Baseball's League Championship Series, Frank Gifford moved up into the play-by-play spot while Lynn Swann filled-in as the color commentator. Gifford would once again call the play-by-play when Michaels was busy calling the World Series in 1987 and 1989.
Gifford, Michaels, and Dierdorf.
In 1987, Gifford and Michaels were joined by Dan Dierdorf, returning the series to its original concept of three announcers in the booth. The trio would last for 11 seasons through the conclusion of the 1997 season. In 1989, television composer Edd Kalehoff created a new arrangement of Johnny Pearson's "Heavy Action", by that time fully synonymous with the series. This more or less replaced an original composition by Charles Fox. Also debuting in 1989 was Hank Williams, Jr. in "All My Rowdy Friends Are Here on Monday Night," sung to the music of his 1984 hit "All My Rowdy Friends Are Comin' Over Tonight."
1990s.
Along with the renewed television contract, ABC was awarded the telecast to Super Bowl XXV and Super Bowl XXIX, and the first round of NFL playoffs. The "Monday Night Football" team of announcers anchored the telecasts, except for the first of two wild card playoff games, where "ESPN's Sunday Night" NFL crew of Mike Patrick and Joe Theismann anchored that telecast. However, the original crew for one of the two wild card playoff games in 1990 and 1991 consisted of Brent Musburger and Dick Vermeil (both of whom did college football broadcasts for ABC during those two seasons).
From 1990 until 2005, ABC's "MNF" television package has included seventeen (eighteen in 1992 and 1993) regular season games (from 2003 until 2005, a Thursday game and 16 Mondays—no game on Week 17 because of playoff preparation disadvantages), the first two wild card playoff games (held on the first Saturday of the playoffs), and at times, the AFC–NFC Pro Bowl.
1994.
The October 17, 1994 episode between the Kansas City Chiefs and Denver Broncos featured a duel between two future Hall of Fame quarterbacks, Joe Montana and John Elway. With 1:29 left to play in the game, Elway scored on a 4-yard touchdown run to put the Broncos ahead 28–24. But then Montana led the Chiefs on a 75-yard drive to score the game-winning touchdown with just 8 seconds to play. The final score was Chiefs 31, Broncos 28.
The October 31, 1994 game between the Green Bay Packers and Chicago Bears is notable for a very windy/rainy game, which also featured the Crypt Keeper deliver the famous phase, and also remembered with a 36-yard TD run by Brett Favre, who had a sore hip that night. Later dubbed the Halloween Monsoon by Bear fans, the Packers crushed the Bears, 33-6.
1995.
In the 1995 "MNF" regular season opener between the Dallas Cowboys and New York Giants at the New Jersey Meadowlands, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones controversially brought Nike chairman Phil Knight down to the sidelines, representing Jerry's individual deal with Nike, contrary to the NFL's policy of negotiating its marketing deals as a league.
1997.
In 1997, ABC began using a scoring bug showing the game clock and score throughout the entire broadcast.
Michaels, Dierdorf, and Esiason.
In 1998, Lesley Visser became the first female commentator on "Monday Night Football". She had been the first female beat writer in the NFL when she covered the New England Patriots for the "Boston Globe" in the mid-1970s, and was the first and only woman to handle a Super Bowl Trophy presentation when she was a sportscaster with CBS. Visser was followed by several women, notably Melissa Stark and Lisa Guerrero, on the sideline who were perceived as "eye candy", none of whom affected the ratings.
For the 1998 season, ABC pushed "Monday Night Football" back an hour (it has usually aired at 9:00 p.m. EST). A special pregame show was created, titled "Monday Night Blast" and hosted by Chris Berman from the ESPN Zone restaurant in Baltimore. The game would start around 8:20 p.m. for this particular season. Despite leaving the booth, Frank Gifford stayed on one more year as a special contributor to the pregame show, usually presenting a single segment.
A mildly infamous incident came during the final 1998 telecast when Dierdorf asked Michaels, prior to a halftime interview with Buffalo Bills quarterback Doug Flutie, "Are you gonna tell 'em how you're sick of all this B.C. College stuff?" Michaels (thinking that they had gone into a commercial break and that his microphone was off) replied, "No shit."
Nielsen numbers for the first 17 weeks of the 1998 TV season showed that "Monday Night Football" averaged a 13.9 rating, down 8 percent from 1997's 15.0—the previous standard in ratings futility. In actuality, "MNF" ratings had been hitting all-time record lows for the previous four years.
Michaels and Esiason.
Beginning in 1999, "Monday Night Football" telecasts used a computer-generated yellow line to mark where a team needs to get a first down. ESPN had begun using it first. 1999 also saw the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game being moved from Saturday afternoon to Monday night. It would remain on Monday night through 2005.
Boomer Esiason replaced Gifford in 1998, and Dierdorf left for a return to CBS in 1999. Esiason's relationship with Michaels was questioned leading to his firing. Esiason and Michaels reportedly never got along, and it led to ABC firing Esiason shortly after calling Super Bowl XXXIV together.
2000s.
Michaels, Fouts, and Miller.
2000.
Unexpectedly, Comedian Dennis Miller joined the cast in 2000 along with Dan Fouts. The move was ultimately regarded as a bust by many viewers and commentators. ABC briefly considered adding radio personality Rush Limbaugh before Miller was added to the broadcast team, despite having no prior sports broadcast experience. (Limbaugh would instead be assigned as a commentator to "Sunday NFL Countdown" on sister station ESPN.) Miller demonstrated a knowledge of the game and its personalities, although at times he tended to lapse into sometimes obscure analogy-riddled streams of consciousness similar to the "rants" of his standup comedy act. ABC even set up a Web page dedicated to explaining Miller's sometimes obscure pop culture references.
In June 2000, Lesley Visser's career suffered a highly publicized setback when she was famously bounced as the "Monday Night Football" sideline reporter for a less experienced, much younger woman and a man, who did not have as extensive journalistic credentials as Visser. "It was staggering to me," Visser later recalled. However, she wound up returning to CBS Sports, philosophical as ever. "You can have a short career if it's based on looks and youth," she said, "but legitimacy is what lasts." Which ABC replaced her with both Melissa Stark and Eric Dickerson. This was part of the overhaul when ABC brought back Don Ohlmeyer to serve as producer, who installed Dennis Miller as an analyst (for ultimately two unsuccessful seasons). She sued ABC Sports which were Howard Katz and Ohylmeyer.
As previously mentioned, in 2000, Don Ohlmeyer, the program's producer up until 1977 was brought back. After spending time at NBC, Ohlmeyer was lured out of retirement to spark interest and provide some vigor to the broadcast. Besides the on-air talent, Ohlmeyer's changes included clips of players introducing themselves, new graphics, and music. In another rather irreverent move, the scoring bug was seen to have nicknames for the teams, such as "Skins" and "Fins" (for Redskins and Dolphins, respectively) instead of their common abbreviations, WSH and MIA, respectively.
On October 23, 2000, the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins competed in what is now known as "The Monday Night Miracle" Trailing 30–7 in the fourth quarter, Vinny Testaverde led the Jets to score 23 consecutive points to tie the game. After Miami scored another touchdown, Testaverde threw to offensive tackle Jumbo Elliott to tie the game at 37-all. At 1:08 a.m., Tuesday morning, John Hall kicked a field goal in overtime to win the game 40–37. It was the second biggest fourth quarter comeback in NFL history and biggest comeback in Jets' history.Arnold Schwarzenegger predicted the comeback at halftime, where he was appearing with the "MNF" crew for an upcoming movie. With the Jets already down by 20 points he said, "Wayne Chrebet will catch a pass and the Jets will win. They're a great team."
2001.
The 2001 season of "MNF" featured a season-long campaign promoting the anticipated 20,000th point scored in "MNF" history. Broncos kicker Jason Elam completed the task with a field goal during a 38–28 loss at Oakland on November 5. The three points also put Elam over 1,000 points for his career. In addition, the scoring bug went back to using the team abbreviations, as opposed to nicknames (which were used in the previous season).
Michaels and Madden.
In 2002, both Dennis Miller and Dan Fouts were dropped and John Madden joined Al Michaels in a two man booth. Madden was a coach for the Oakland Raiders, namesake of the seminal "Madden NFL" video game series, and successful broadcaster with the CBS and FOX networks for 21 years before joining "Monday Night Football".
2002.
In 2002, the broadcast debuted the "Horse Trailer" award, in which a picture of the game's top performer(s) is displayed, as chosen by the broadcasting crew. During the fourth quarter of a preseason game early that season, Madden was joking about doing some recording in the "Horse Trailer", a term the producers used for one of the ABC production trucks. It was, in fact, a custom built trailer designed from the shell of a horse trailer, but inside housed sophisticated electronic equipment. By the first week of the regular season, an idea to decorate the plain white trailer with "MNF" decor, the entire "MNF" schedule, and a weekly MVP, was born. Immediately following each game, the winner(s) is chosen, and his picture is affixed to the trailer in the corresponding location. When Madden and Michaels went to NBC in 2006, they debuted a similar feature, the "Rock Star" – the photo of the player of the game being attached to the top of 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York. (For the 2007 season, the "Horse Trailer" concept has been reinstated.)
Also, in 2002, the commentators for the AFC wild card game were Brent Musburger and Gary Danielson. Jack Arute was the sideline reporter.
After suffering through several years of dismal Pro Bowl ratings, ABC considered moving the game to Monday night. In February 2003, Madden declined to serve as color commentator for the game in Hawaii, citing his fear of flying; former "MNF" personality Dan Fouts took his place. The following year, the Pro Bowl remained on Sunday, but was moved to ABC's sister network, ESPN.
2003.
In 2003, ABC and the NFL dropped the "Monday Night Football" game for the final week of the regular season. The move, which had been in effect for the first eight years of the broadcast (1970–1977), was the result of declining ratings, as well as problems involved for potential playoff teams, as there was a potential of only four days rest between their final regular season game and first round playoff game. ABC replaced the telecast with an opening weekend Thursday night game, and in exchange ESPN got a Saturday night game on the final weekend.
Also during the 2003 season, Lisa Guerrero decided to leave Fox Sports Net's "The Best Damn Sports Show Period" to join the "MNF" television crew as a sideline reporter (replacing the pregnant Melissa Stark). Guerrero's performance on the broadcast was heavily criticized, and the following year (also in an apparent move away from the "eye candy" concept) ABC replaced her with longtime TV sports journalist Michele Tafoya. Lisa Guerrero defended herself by saying that the show hired her with the intention of going in a totally different direction with the job of sideline reporter — personality-driven and feature-driven — then discarded all of that and told her to just do the job in the usual fashion. She said that she never would have taken the job if she had known that they would change their minds like that. In 2005, Michele Tafoya sat out much of the season while on maternity leave. In Tafoya's place came Sam Ryan.
On the October 6, 2003, episode between the Colts and Buccaneers, Indianapolis was trailing 35–14 with 3:43 remaining. The Colts had returned a Tampa Bay kickoff 90 yard to the 11-yard line, setting up a quick score. The Colts recovered an onside kick and scored again to narrow the margin to 35–28. They forced a Tampa Bay punt and with less than two minutes remaining, Peyton Manning led an 87-yard drive to score the game-tying touchdown with 35 seconds left in regulation. In overtime, kicker Mike Vanderjagt missed a 40-yard field goal, but Simeon Rice was called for a leaping penalty, a rarely seen unsportsmanlike conduct infraction that penalizes a player for running and jumping to block a kick and landing on other players. Vanderjagt's subsequent kick was batted and hit the upright, but fell in good, winning the game for the Colts. Vanderjagt went on to become the second kicker in NFL history not to miss either a field goal or extra point in a single season after Gary Anderson, who accomplished the feat in the 1998 season as a member of the Minnesota Vikings. Vanderjagt did not miss a kick in the playoffs either, making him the first kicker to accomplish that feat (Anderson missed a field goal in the 1998-99 NFC Championship Game).
On December 22, 2003, Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre put on one of the most defining moments of his career (while also ranking among his greatest game ever). The day before the contest against the Oakland Raiders, his father, Irvin, died suddenly of a heart attack. Favre elected to play, passing for four touchdowns in the first half, and 399 yards for the game in a 41–7 destruction of the Raiders (receiving applause from the highly partisan "Raider Nation"). Afterwards, Brett said, 
2004.
On November 15, 2004, controversy shrouded Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Terrell Owens when he appeared with popular TV actress Nicollette Sheridan (of the new hit ABC series "Desperate Housewives") in an introductory skit which opened that evening's "MNF" telecast, in which Owens and the Eagles played the Cowboys at Texas Stadium. The skit was widely condemned as being sexually suggestive (see video) and ABC was forced to apologize for airing it (the Eagles went on to win the game, 49-21, with Owens catching three touchdown passes). However, on March 14, 2005, the Federal Communications Commission ruled that the skit did not violate decency standards, because it contained no outright nudity or foul language. Originally, John Madden was supposed to appear in the commercial.
"The Monday Night Massacre Seahawks".
On December 5, 2005, dubbed "The Monday Night Massacre" by NFL Films, the Seattle Seahawks shut out the Philadelphia Eagles 42–0 with three defensive touchdowns (two interceptions, one fumble return) to tie the then-largest margin of victory mark in "Monday Night Football" history and set the mark for the greatest margin of victory in a Monday night shutout, as well as setting the NFL record for scoring the most points with less than 200 yards of offense. Andre Dyson scored twice for the Seahawks defense, once on a 72-yard interception return and the other on a 25-yard fumble return, earning himself the "Horse Trailer Player of the Game" as well as NFC defensive player of the week. A fourth interception return by Michael Boulware fell just short of tying another Seahawks NFL record of four defensive scores in a single game, set during a 45–0 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in 1984. The defeat was the Eagles third worst in team history. This was due to the Eagles major injuries including star QB Donovan McNabb and also the Terrell Owens situation. The Eagles also lost their star RB Brian Westbrook due to an injury in this game.
In addition, ABC used a time-score banner across the bottom of the screen. This was used for the network's final season of "MNF" through Super Bowl XL.
The end of the ABC era.
Despite high ratings, ABC lost millions of dollars on televising the games during the late 1990s and 2000s. Also, the NFL indicated that it wanted Sunday night to be the new night for its marquee game, because more people tend to watch TV on Sundays, and Sundays would be more conducive to flexible scheduling, a method by which some of the NFL's best games could be moved from Sunday afternoon to Sunday night on short notice. Given these factors, as well as the rise of ABC's ratings on Sunday night, and their wish of protecting their "Desperate Housewives" franchise (which they knew would be costly), on April 18, 2005, ABC and the NFL announced the upcoming end of their 36-year partnership, with "Monday Night Football" being aired on ESPN starting with the 2006 season, a move some Disney shareholders (as well as NFL fans and purists) have criticized. However, ESPN's ability to collect subscription fees from cable and satellite providers, in addition to selling commercials, made it more likely that ESPN could turn a profit on NFL telecasts, as opposed to ABC's heavy losses.
The final ABC "Monday Night" broadcast was on December 26, when the New York Jets hosted the New England Patriots, from Giants Stadium. Coincidentally, both the first and last ABC "Monday Night Football" telecast games ended with a score of 31–21 with the Jets on the losing end. Vinny Testaverde holds the distinction of throwing the last TD pass in ABC's "MNF" telecast history; it was to wide receiver Laveranues Coles. Also, Testaverde's pass set an NFL record: most consecutive seasons with a touchdown pass, 19 seasons (1987–2005). Patriots linebacker Mike Vrabel in the last ABC "MNF" broadcast on 26 December 2005 set a record of note, becoming the first player to catch 2 touchdown passes and record a quarterback sack in the same game. The final play of the ABC era was a Pats kneeldown by 44-year-old reserve quarterback Doug Flutie. John Madden said at the show's ending: 
During its final NFL television contract, ABC was awarded the telecasts to Super Bowl XXXIV, Super Bowl XXXVII, and Super Bowl XL. With the end of ABC's contract, the Super Bowl XL broadcast was the network's final NFL telecast, at least for the foreseeable future.
Move to ESPN.
Starting in 2006, ESPN began airing the Monday night games and NBC got ESPN's Sunday night package. The Sunday night game is now the "showcase" game of the week on the NFL schedule.
While the ESPN broadcasts still have the "MNF" name and heritage, NBC (like ABC) is a broadcast network, whereas ESPN is a cable service not freely available to all Americans, though many ESPN games air on free broadcast TV in the home markets of each team. For that reason, NBC gained rights to the Thursday night season opening game, the wild card doubleheader that has traditionally aired on ABC, as well as a share of the rotating rights to the Super Bowl (with CBS and Fox also in the mix).
Tirico, Theismann, and Kornheiser.
ESPN had initially stated that its "MNF" team would consist of Al Michaels and Joe Theismann in the booth with Michele Tafoya and Suzy Kolber serving as sideline reporters. However, on February 8, 2006, ESPN announced that former NBA studio host Mike Tirico would replace Michaels in the booth in 2006, joined by Theismann, and Tony Kornheiser. ESPN announced the following day that it had "traded" the contract of Michaels to NBC to join Madden on their "Sunday Night Football" broadcast in exchange for some NBC Universal properties, including rights to Ryder Cup coverage, and the return of the rights to Oswald the Lucky Rabbit (a Walt Disney creation) to ESPN parent The Walt Disney Company after nearly 80 years of Universal ownership. ESPN's first Monday night broadcast was during the preseason on Monday, August 14, 2006, when the Oakland Raiders visited the Minnesota Vikings, publicized as the return of Randy Moss to Minnesota for the first time since the Vikings traded him after the 2004 season. The telecast debuted with brand-new graphics, including a time-score box placed in the lower center of the screen; a variation of the MNF graphics are now used on almost all ESPN/ABC sporting events. The first regular season "Monday Night Football" game to air on ESPN was on September 11, 2006. The game featured the visiting Minnesota Vikings at the Washington Redskins at FedEx Field. The Vikings won 19–16.
The September 25 edition of "Monday Night Football" highlighted the New Orleans Saints' first game back in the Louisiana Superdome following Hurricane Katrina to take on the Atlanta Falcons. The game had a Super Bowl-like atmosphere with performances by the Goo Goo Dolls, U2, and Green Day before the game. The NFL tapped producer Don Mischer and director Hamish Hamilton to produce the event. Former President George H. W. Bush handled the pregame coin toss. The Saints beat the Falcons 23–3 in what now ranks as one of the most-watched events in the history of cable television.
ESPN's October 23, 2006 telecast of the New York Giants–Dallas Cowboys drew the largest audience in the history of cable television at the time, besting the previous mark set by a 1993 North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) debate between Al Gore and Ross Perot. An average of 16,028,000 viewers (12.8 rating) watched as the Giants defeated the Cowboys, 36–22. "ESPN's Monday Night Football" now accounts for eight of the ten biggest cable audiences in history.
What would eventually be named the "NFL's comeback of the year" was played on "Monday Night Football" on October 16. Late in the third quarter, the massive underdog Arizona Cardinals led the Chicago Bears 23–3. Arizona seemed to have the game wrapped up, as rookie quarterback Matt Leinart was having a great day, and Arizona had forced 6 turnovers out of Chicago quarterback Rex Grossman. Chicago's defense then went on to score 14 points on fumble returns for touchdowns. With 2:58 left in the fourth quarter, and down 17–23, Chicago's Devin Hester returned a punt for a touchdown to take a 24–23 lead. Matt Leinart then led the Cardinals down the field, only to have Neil Rackers miss a field goal, and Chicago went on to win.
At the conclusion of the 2006 season, ESPN had managed to secure all of the cable television audience records. "Monday Night Football" and its surrounding shoulder programming are the most profitable franchise on cable television.
Tirico, Jaworski, and Kornheiser.
Analyst and former NFL quarterback Ron Jaworski replaced Joe Theismann in the booth beginning with the 2007 season. Theismann was offered a prominent football analyst job with ESPN.
2007.
On December 3, 2007 17.5 million people watched the undefeated New England Patriots defeat the Baltimore Ravens, 27–24, breaking the previous record of 17.2 million for corporate sibling Disney Channel's showing of "High School Musical 2".
Revamp after disappointing 2007 season.
After experiencing low ratings and criticism about the production during the 2007 season, ESPN announced that long-time sideline reporters Suzy Kolber and Michele Tafoya would have reduced roles for the 2008 season.
2008.
As the 2008 season began, ESPN announced a new focus on covering the games as sporting events rather than as entertainment and cultural events. Among the changes are the removal of celebrity booth guests and a reduction in the number of sideline interviews. Tafoya and Kolber have been retained to conduct those interviews and file reports from the field.
Also, ESPN replaced the aforementioned bottom center-screen time-score box (which was used from 2006 to the 2008 preseason) with a time-score banner across the bottom of the screen.
The September 15, 2008 Eagles-Cowboys game, with a 13.3 rating and 18.6 million viewers, set a new record for most watched cable TV program.
2008 election eve.
On the night before the 2008 United States Presidential Election, studio host Chris Berman interviewed both major party candidates, John McCain and Barack Obama at halftime. The game featured the Washington Redskins losing to the Pittsburgh Steelers, 23-6.
Tirico, Jaworski, and Gruden.
2009 season.
Tony Kornheiser stepped down for the 2009 season and was replaced by former Oakland Raiders and Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Jon Gruden. The rest of the team remained intact.
The October 5, 2009 Packers-Vikings game was the fourth ESPN "MNF" broadcast to become the most-watched program ever on a cable channel, with a 15.3 rating and 21.839 million viewers. The record stood until surpassed by the 2011 BCS National Championship Game on January 10, 2011.
"Monday Night Massacre" (Eagles).
On November 15, 2010 the Eagles visited the Redskins This was Donovan McNabb's 2nd game against the Eagles since being traded on April 4 of the same year. The Redskins won the first meeting in the same year by a score of 17-12; however, in the 1st half of the game Eagles star QB Michael Vick suffered a rib injury knocking him out of the game, resulting in Kevin Kolb taking over. After the game McNabb was giving a post-game speech in the locker room in which he stated the Eagles made a mistake by trading him. Before the game McNabb signed a five-year extension worth $78 million, after being benched in the 4th quarter just a week earlier. The very first play of the game Vick threw an 88-yard touchdown pass to DeSean Jackson. The Redskins were criticized for their lack of coverage because the Eagles were known for going deep on the first play. The Eagles next two possessions lead to touchdowns. The score after the end of the 1st quarter was 28-0 in favor of Philadelphia. The very first play of the 2nd quarter Vick threw a 48-yard touchdown to Jeremy Maclin. The score at halftime was 45 -21. In the 3rd quarter Vick threw a 3-yard touchdown to Jason Avant to make the score 52 - 21. During the play Vick was scrambling for waiting for someone to get open when Albert Haynesworth (who signed a 6-year $100 million contract the year before) had fallen down and continued to lie on the field as Vick continued to scramble. The very next Redskins possession McNabb threw a pick six to Dimitri Patterson making the score 59 - 21. The Redskins went on to score one more touchdown making the final Philadelphia 59 - Washington 28. McNabb finished the game with 295 yards on 17 for 31 along with 2 TDs and 3 interceptions. The Eagles finished with 593 yards of offense(setting a new team record) Vick went 20 of 28 for 333 yards throwing for 4 TDs. He also ran for 80 yards and 2 touchdowns on 8 carries. Vick became the first player with at least 300 yards passing, 50 yards rushing 4 passing TDs and 2 rushing TDs in a game. He also moved past Steve Young in this game for 2nd on the all-time list for rushing yards by a QB.
Secondary broadcast teams.
Since the program's move to ESPN in 2006, the network has broadcast two games in a doubleheader on the opening week of the season, with the second game using separate announcers and production staff that are not used for the rest of the schedule. On September 11, 2006, the announcers for the second game were Brad Nessler, Ron Jaworski, and Dick Vermeil. On September 10, 2007, the team of Mike Greenberg and Mike Golic (co-hosts of "Mike and Mike in the Morning") was used along with Mike Ditka. For both games, the sideline reporter was Bonnie Bernstein. The secondary team for September 8, 2008 was again Mike Greenberg, Mike Golic and Mike Ditka with Suzy Kolber on the sidelines. On September 14, 2009 Greenberg and Golic were joined by Steve Young, again with Kolber. On September 13, 2010, Nessler and Trent Dilfer teamed to call the second game, with Kolber again on the sidelines.
Hank Williams Jr. controversy.
On October 3, 2011, Hank Willams Jr. appeared on "Fox and Friends" and compared President Barack Obama to Speaker of the House John Boehner, referring to their golf match that they had in the summer. He referred to the two political figures golfing together was like Adolf Hitler and Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu golfing together, stressing their philosophical and political differences. As a result, his opening theme was dropped from "Monday Night Football" permanently.

</doc>
<doc id="21548666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548666" title="Felidae Conservation Fund">
Felidae Conservation Fund

Felidae Conservation Fund (FCF) is a California-based non-profit organization dedicated to preserving wild cats and their habitats. The organization supports and promotes international wild cat research and conservation by collaborating on field research projects, partnering with other environmental organizations, and developing community outreach and education programs.
History.
FCF was founded in 2006 by conservationist and entrepreneur Zara McDonald. As a competitive marathon runner, McDonald twice encountered mountain lions during solitary runs in the Marin Headlands in Northern California. These encounters led her to become involved in California mountain lion research in 2002, and she soon expanded her research work to include other wild cat species. In the fall of 2004, after returning from extended capture work with mountain lions, she began developing a conservation model that combined scientific research with education and outreach programs. This led her to found the Felidae Conservation Fund (501(c)(3)) in April 2006.
Today Felidae supports and collaborates in scientific research projects in nine countries, promotes community-level education and outreach programs, and fosters international cooperation among scientists, conservationists, governments, and environmental NGOs. Felidae is based in Sausalito, California, and raises money through donations, grants, fundraising events and online social networks.
Mission and philosophy.
FCF's mission is to advance the conservation of the planet's wild cat species and their habitats through partnerships in research, education and technology. Its model is to collaborate on research studies that examine human impact on wild cats and their habitats, then disseminate the results in outreach and education programs designed to convince people of the importance of preserving the natural environment. Felidae collaborates with scientists, educators, communities and lawmakers with the goal of protecting ecosystems, staving off further extinctions, and promoting healthy ways for humans to coexist with wild cats and their habitats.
Felidae's focus on wild cat conservation is motivated by the belief that the study of wild cats can serve as a leverage point for addressing the broader environmental issues of habitat loss, human-nature interactions, and wildlife sustainability. This belief is based on the idea that because cats are often the top predators in the ecosystems they inhabit, understanding and solving the problems they face can inform and guide the conservation and preservation of wild animals and wild habitats of all kinds.
Programs.
Felidae currently collaborates on research projects in field locations around the globe, including the United States, Malaysia, Mongolia, Chile, Peru, Iran, Namibia and Pakistan. Felidae provides strategic guidance, funding, field support, supplies and equipment to its project partners to help them achieve their research goals.
To link this scientific research to conservation efforts, Felidae incorporates the results of field studies into its outreach and education programs. These include talks and presentations throughout the US, collaborations with artists and video producers to convey the conservation message through visual media, and online projects aimed at educating young people through an interactive portal, an online and mobile phone game, and social network activities.
Partnerships and collaboration.
In its field work and conservation efforts FCF collaborates with the following organizations: National Park Service, California State Parks, California Department of Fish and Game, UC Santa Cruz, UC Davis, Wildlife Conservation Society, Wildlife Conservation Research Unit, Snow Leopard Trust, Snow Leopard Conservancy, International Wildlife Film Festival, Craighead Beringa South, Cheetah Conservation Fund and the International League of Conservation Photographers, among many other organizations.
Science and research.
Felidae's scientific research projects are based in field locations around the globe.
The Bay Area Puma Project in Northern California is the first comprehensive study of mountain lions in the San Francisco Bay Area. A primary goal of this study is to determine priority locations for wildlife overpasses and underpasses to maintain connectivity for the region's wildlife populations. In addition, the study uses GPS collars equipped with accelerometers to record detailed information on mountain lion movements that will reveal new insights into their behavior and physiology. Felidae is working with Dr. Chris Wilmers of UC Santa Cruz, along with the California Department of Fish and Game and California State Parks.
The Patagonia Puma Project in Chile is a long-term ecological study by Dr. Heiko Wittmer of UC Davis which examines the dynamics relating to the puma’s role in the decline of the huemul deer. The researchers hope to exonerate the puma from major blame in the huemul's decline.
The Bornean Wild Cat and Clouded Leopard Project in Malaysia investigates the conservation needs of five species of Bornean wild cats (Bornean Clouded Leopard, Bay Cat, Flat-headed Cat, Marbled Cat, and Leopard Cat). The study will use GPS collars and radio tracking to document spatial patterns, ranging behavior, activity patterns, and habitat use. Felidae is working in partnership with the Global Canopy Programme (UK), the Institute for Tropical Biology and Conservation at the University of Malaysia, and Oxford graduate students Andrew Hearn and Joanna Ross.
The Study on Endangered Snow Leopards in Mongolia is a long-term research project that will answer basic ecological and behavioral questions about the mysterious and elusive snow leopard. The study will be conducted using GPS collars, non-invasive genetics, and camera trapping with advanced mark-recapture modeling. It will attempt to answer basic questions about snow leopards (birth and mortality rates, cub survival, dispersal rates, habitat use, and home range size) that are currently unknown due to their cryptic nature and inaccessible habitat. Felidae's partners in the project are the Snow Leopard Trust and the Wildlife Conservation Society.
The Teton Cougar Project in Wyoming studies the population dynamics of mountain lions in the Greater Yellowstone ecosystem by examining predation, behavior associated with human development, and interactions with wolves, grizzly bears and black bears. The project is operated by Craighead Beringia South with support from Felidae.
The Southern California Puma Project examines the progress and implications of habitat fragmentation as puma populations in Southern California become more isolated. Felidae is collaborating with UC Davis Wildlife Health Center on this study, which has radio-collared more than 50 pumas over 7 years.
The Asiatic Cheetah Project in Iran is the first detailed ecological study of the critically endangered Asiatic cheetah. Researchers in Northern Iran work to gain insight into the cheetahs’ movements within and between reserves, information that can help scientists to protect the cats' habitat and stave off extinction.
The Snow Leopard Conservation Project in Pakistan is a high-profile study in the North Western Frontier Province of Pakistan in which the first ever GPS collar was placed on a snow leopard, as seen in the BBC documentary Snow Leopard: Beyond the Myth. The study is a partnership between Snow Leopard Trust, WWF-Pakistan, NWFP Wildlife Department, and Felidae Conservation Fund.
The African Cheetah Project in Namibia is an ongoing study of the African Cheetah that includes camera-trapping, spoor tracking, and DNA research. The study is led by the Cheetah Conservation Fund and Dr. Laurie Marker with support from Felidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21548698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548698" title="René Schützenberger">
René Schützenberger

René Schützenberger (Mulhouse July 29, 1860, Paris December 31, 1916), also known as René-Paul Schutzenberger, was a French painter.
Biography.
Born in an Alsatian family of famous brewers, his father Paul Schützenberger (1829–1897) was a French chemist. The painter Louis-Frédéric Schützenberger (1825–1903) was his cousin.
He studied at the private art school of Rodolphe Julian called Académie Julian under Jean-Paul Laurens.
He started to exhibit at the Salon des Artistes Français since 1891, at the Salon des Indépendants since 1902 and at the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts since 1907. He got an honourable mention at the Salon of 1897 and at the Universal Exhibition of 1900.
He practiced genre painting, portraits, nudes and landscapes, treating the subjects of the daily life and intimists subjects. His style is close to the Post-Impressionism movement and was influenced by the Les Nabis group of post-impressionists, most of whom also studied at 
Académie Julian.

</doc>
<doc id="21548718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548718" title="Polish Border Strip">
Polish Border Strip

The Polish Border Strip (; ), also known as the Polish Frontier Strip, refers to those territories which the German Empire wanted to annex from Congress Poland during World War I. It appeared in some plans proposed by German officials as a territory to be ceded by the Kingdom of Poland to the German Empire after an expected German and Central Powers victory. The Polish and Jewish population in this territory was to be removed, and in their place German colonists were to be settled. The proposed area of the Border Strip was up to 30,000 square kilometers (approximately the size of Belgium), and up to 2 million people were going to be removed to make room for Germans. The strip was also intended to separate the Polish inhabitants of Prussian-held Greater Poland from those in Congress Poland. The plan has been described as the first instance in modern European history of removing whole populations as a solution to national conflicts. As the German Empire lost the war, those plans were not implemented.
Details.
In July 1917 the German supreme command under General Ludendorff, as part of the debate and planning regarding the cession of the "border strip" to Germany, specified its own designs in a memorandum. It proposed annexing a greatly enlarged "border strip" of 20,000 square kilometres, and removing the pre-existing Polish and Jewish population (numbering between 2.000.000 and 3.000.000) from a territory of 8,000 square kilometres and settling it with ethnic Germans., Poles living in Prussia, especially in the province of Posen, were to be "encouraged" by unspecified means to move into the German-ruled Kingdom of Poland.
The German minority living in Congress Poland, which had earlier suggested the annexation of all territory up to Łódź in a letter to the German government, also supported such proposals. The German government developed and agreed to these plans in March 1918, and in April gained support in the Prussian House of Lords; the plans for this were debated and developed across a wide spectrum of political parties and interested groups such as political scientists, industrialists, and nationalist organisations like the Pan-German League.

</doc>
<doc id="21548719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548719" title="Bernard Harrison">
Bernard Harrison

Bernard Reginald Stanhope Harrison (28 September 1934 – 18 March 2006) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket for Hampshire and professional football with Crystal Palace, Southampton and Exeter City. As a cricketer he was an opening batsman who played a part in Hampshire winning the County Championship in 1961, whilst in football he played at outside right.
Early life.
Harrison was born at St. John's, Worcester, close to New Road, the home of Worcestershire County Cricket Club.
He was educated at Peter Symonds College in Winchester, Hampshire and was a keen all round sportsman who excelled from an early age in both cricket and football. During his period of National Service he represented the army in both sports.
Football career.
Crystal Palace.
Harrison was an England schoolboy international and in October 1952, he joined Portsmouth as a trainee, on amateur terms. Unable to break into the first team, he moved to Crystal Palace in October 1955.
At Crystal Palace he was given a professional contract and made his first team debut in March 1956, as Palace finished second from bottom in the Third Division South and were forced to seek re-election. In the 1956–57 season, Harrison became established in the side, normally at outside-right with Johnny Byrne on the left, providing scoring opportunities for the front men, including Mike Deakin at centre forward and Peter Berry and Barry Pierce as the inside-forwards. Harrison himself contributed four goals, as Palace finished 20th in the table. In 1957, "Soccer Star" predicted that, once Palace's fortunes improved, Harrison would become ""one of the most talked about wingers in the game"". He was selected to play in the Third Division South representative team in 1957.
In the following season, George Cooper took over at centre forward, scoring 17 goals. Harrison contributed seven goals as Palace improved their league position, finishing 14th. Unfortunately, this was two places below the cut-off point for the re-organisation of the league structure, and Palace played in the newly created Fourth Division in 1958–59. Harrison only managed 14 league games in the 1958–59 season, with Ron Brett or Gerry Priestly being preferred in the No. 7 shirt.
In the summer of 1959, Harrison left Selhurst Park having made exactly 100 first team appearances, 92 in the League and 8 in the FA Cup, scoring 12 goals (all in league matches).
Southampton.
Harrison was recruited for Southampton, then in the Third Division, by manager Ted Bates as cover for Terry Paine. Paine's fitness was such, however, that he never missed a match in the one season that Harrison spent at The Dell. Harrison's three appearances for the "Saints" came in October, when Paine switched first to the left to replace the injured John Sydenham, and then to inside right in place of George O'Brien. Harrison's first and last matches were both against Barnsley. The second match was at home to Swindon Town when Derek Reeves scored four, with one from Paine, in a 5–1 victory on 10 October 1959. The "Daily Echo" reported that ""Bernard Harrison (did) well on the right wing"".
Despite this, Harrison was unable to displace Paine and spent the rest of the season in the reserves. In his biography, Kevin Smallbone argues that Harrison was ""too talented for his own good"" and Harrison said (in 2005) that he ""was doing too many things, I didn't have time to train"". Speaking to Paine's biographer, David Bull, Harrison commented that he ""couldn't understand"" why Ted Bates didn't switch Terry Paine to inside-left to accommodate him on the right.
At the end of the season, Southampton were able to celebrate taking the Third Division title, whereas Harrison decided to try his luck elsewhere.
Exeter City.
At the end of the 1959–60 season, Harrison moved along the coast to join Exeter City where he spent one season, making 18 appearances in the Fourth Division scoring four goals.
Over the next few years, he played for a succession of non-league clubs, ending his career at Winchester City.
Cricket career.
Harrison joined Hampshire and spent most of his career playing in the Second XI as an opening batsman, understudying Roy Marshall and Jimmy Gray.
He made his debut for the first XI against Oxford University in June 1957, not making any significant contribution in a drawn match. His County Championship debut came in May 1958, against Worcester, scoring only a single and not being called on to bowl – Hampshire won the match by 9 wickets.
A strong right-hand batsman he achieved his top score of 110 versus Oxford University played at Portsmouth in July 1961. In this match, he shared with Mike Barnard in a stand of 119 for the second wicket. Six of his 14 county matches were against Oxford University, and both his fifties and his only first-class hundred also came against them. He contributed to the team led by Colin Ingleby-Mackenzie that won Hampshire's first County Championship in 1961 and played four times in 1962. He continued to appear infrequently for the Second XI, the last time in 1968.
Later career.
Harrison was a qualified teacher, and amongst his positions was that of Sports and Mathematics teacher at Farleigh School, firstly at Basingstoke and from 1982 at Red Rice near Andover. Harrison's club cricket was with Basingstoke & North Hants Cricket Club, where he also coached.
He also excelled at other sports, gaining county recognition in badminton and table tennis and could also have done so in hockey while at school but football took preference.
Biography.
In 2001, his biography "Brushes with the Greats – The Story of a Footballer/Cricketer", written by Kevin Smallbone, was published by Sportingmemoriesonline.com.

</doc>
<doc id="21548721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548721" title="List of Aragonese consorts">
List of Aragonese consorts

This is a list of consorts of the monarchs of the Kingdom of Aragon. Blanche II of Navarre and Philip I of Castile died before their spouses inherited the crown.
Queens.
House of Trastámara.
Consorts of claimants against John II, 1462–1472.
During the War against John II, there were three who claimed his throne, though this never included the Kingdom of Valencia. One of the three was Peter V of Aragon who remained a bachelor. The others Henry IV of Castile and René of Anjou had wives during their reign as pretenders. The wive of Henry IV was Joan of Portugal, a Portuguese infanta daughter of King Edward of Portugal and his wife Eleanor of Aragon. The first wive of Rene died prior to 1462; his second wife was Jeanne de Laval, a French noblewoman and daughter Guy XIV de Laval, Count of Laval and Isabella of Brittany.
House of Habsburg.
In 1556, the union of the Spanish kingdoms is generally called Spain and Mary I of England (second wife of Philip II) is the first Queen of Spain. Philip II was son of Charles I and Isabella of Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="21548727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548727" title="Jumping (horse)">
Jumping (horse)

Jumping plays a major role in many equestrian sports, such as show jumping, fox hunting, steeplechasing, and eventing. The biomechanics of jumping, the influence of the rider, and the heritability of jumping prowess have all been the focus of research.
Jumping process.
The airborne phase of the jumping process occurs between stance phases of the fore and hind limbs, and is therefore biomechanically equivalent to a highly suspended or elevated canter stride. For this reason, horses typically approach obstacles at the canter. The jumping process can be broken down into five phases:
Approach.
The "approach" is the final canter stride before the jump, during which the horse places all four legs for the optimal take-off. The horse reaches forward and down with his neck to lower the forehand and his center of mass. The forelegs are propped or strutted out in front of the body. This relatively sudden braking action allows momentum to carry the hindlegs further under the body of the horse than would be otherwise possible. While the action is more fluid, it is mechanically similar to the act of crouching down before jumping.
Take-off.
The "take-off" begins when the forelegs leave the ground and is completed when the hindlegs leave the ground. Once the horse leaves the ground, he is unable to influence the trajectory that his center of mass follows through the air, which makes take-off the most critical phase of the jumping process. Most of the energy required to clear an obstacle is produced by the hind legs. The longer the hindlegs are in contact with the ground, the greater their capacity for producing power; the further forward the hindlegs are placed under the body, closer to the obsctacle, the longer this stance phase. Power is produced by the compression of the hindleg, which flexes at the hip, stifle, hock, and fetlock, and then releases energy like a spring.
Flight, suspension, or airborne phase.
During "flight", the horse's center of mass follows a parabolic trajectory over which it has no control. The horse can change the position of its legs and body in relation to the center of mass, however, which is critical to clearing an obstacle safely. The horse's body rotates through the air, a quality called "bascule", to ensure that while the forehand clears the fence, the shoulders are the highest point of the body, and while the hind end clears the fence, the hips are the highest point of the body.The bascule is the horse's arc over the fence. A horse with a good bascule makes a rounded jump and helps the horse jump higher The forelegs are drawn up towards the body and the hindlegs are "retroflexed" out away from the body to clear the obstacle. During flight, the rider has little impact on the actual trajectory of the horse's body. Foals frequently change leads when jumping.
Landing.
The horse lands first with the trailing (non-leading) foreleg, and then with the lead foreleg. The hind limbs follow suit. The landing places a great deal of strain on the forelegs, which can lead to injuries or lameness over time.
Recovery, getaway.
During the first stride after the jump, the horse re-balances himself. Horses sometimes react to discomfort or high emotion during the recovery, and may buck, bolt, or toss their heads.
Injuries associated with jumping.
Jumping is a very strenuous activity that places high physical demands on the horse. The primary stresses affect the suspensory apparatuses of the hind legs during take-off and the forelegs during landing, though the galloping and turning associated with jumping also place torque on the joints. Most injuries, chronic or acute, begin with strain; as structures in the horse's body absorb the shock of take-off and landing, they acquire small amounts of damage. Over time, this damage leads to inflammation of the tendons (tendinitis) and ligaments (desmitis). The most common injuries in the forelimb occur to the interosseous ligaments and the superficial digital flexor tendons, and less commonly the accessory ligament of the deep digital flexor tendon. Strain on the superficial digital flexors is greater when jumping higher fences, so horses may no longer be suitable for competitive jumping after damaging that apparatus.
The effects of jumping on the hind legs can include injuries to the proximal, medial, or lateral branches of the suspensory ligaments. Jumping horses can also be at a higher risk of developing osteochondritis dissecans (OCD) or other arthritic conditions, even at a young age. Genetic and environmental components play roles in the development of OCD in horses: some families have weaker joints, but excessive growth over a short period of time, age-inappropriate exercise regimens and nutrition can also contribute. Jumping performance is especially impacted by the presence of arthropathic hocks. One study found that at breeding stock evaluations, horses with radiographically diagnosed athropathies of the hock joints scored significantly lower than their healthy peers for the quality of the canter, jumping technique and ability, and their character. The pain associated with arthropathic conditions likely makes the horses unwilling to push powerfully off their hindlegs, a quality necessary for jumping and cantering, and which could make the horse appear lazy or unwilling to work.
Indications of lameness in jumping horses typically come in the form of a change in habits: sudden or developing reluctance to turn, to land on a certain lead, to "add" a stride and jump "deep", difficulties altering the stride length or make the distances in a combination, and developing habits like rushing, stopping and refusing, or frequent lead changes. Unfortunately, many of these undesirable habits can also be the result of poor training, which challenges riders and owners to identify the causes of bad behavior.
World records.
The world record for the highest obstacle cleared by a horse and rider was set on February 5, 1949 by Huaso and his rider, Captain Alberto Larraguibel. The Thoroughbred stallion and his Chilean rider cleared a fence measuring 2.47 meters (8 ft. 1¼ in.) high. This record has stood for 60 years. This record is held separately from the record height jumped in Puissance classes, regularly held high jump competitions at horse shows. The record for highest obstacle cleared by a horse and rider in a Puissance competition is held by Leonardo and his rider, Franke Sloothaak. In 1991, this pair jumped a puissance wall standing 7 feet 10 inches high.
Horses are also capable of jumping obstacles of great width. The world record long jump was set on April 26, 1975 by a horse named "Something" ridden by a Mr. Andre Ferreira. This pair jumped a distance of 8.40 meters (27 ft. 6 in.).

</doc>
<doc id="21548734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548734" title="If I Embarrass You, Tell Your Friends">
If I Embarrass You, Tell Your Friends

If I Embarrass You, Tell Your Friends is a musical about the life of comedian Belle Barth, written by Joanne Koch. The title derives from a catchphrase of Barth's. 
Koch had previously written about Barth in her 1996 Off Broadway play "Sophie, Totie, & Belle".
Plot.
The musical presents a fictionalised 1961 rehearsal between Barth and her pianist, set shortly after an unsuccessful performance at Carnegie Hall. The Carnegie Hall show was a real event, at which Barth, under advisement, had toned down the ribald material in her act and received a disappointing reception. The musical shows Barth contemplating the changes she should make to return to success with a forthcoming Miami show. The musical features a series of comic songs and uses several of Barth's own trademark jokes.
Cast.
The show featured Bethany Thomas as Barth, Courtney Crouse as a number of male characters representing men from Barth's life, and Gerald H. Bailey as Barth's pianist.
Performances.
The musical was workshopped at the STAGES 2008 Festival of New Musicals before premiering at Chicago's No Exit Café. In November 2008 it moved to the Theo Ubique Theatre, where it ran through December.
Critical reception.
The "Chicago Reader" called Koch's script "derivative and forgettable" but praised the performance of Bethany Thomas as Barth. "Time Out" Chicago was also impressed with Thomas's acting, but criticized the script as slight.

</doc>
<doc id="21548752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548752" title="Andy Currier">
Andy Currier

Andy S. Currier is a British former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. A Great Britain national representative goal-kicking centre, he played most of his club rugby with Widnes as well as stints with Featherstone Rovers, Warrington Wolves and Australian team the Balmain Tigers. At the time of his retirement, he was co-holder of the Widnes club record for most points in a match, with 34. He played out the final years of his career with English rugby union teams.
Son of Harry Currier, who in 1969 founded Widnes-based rugby league club, Halton Simms, Andy Currier began his professional career with Widnes. He later helped them to consecutive championships in 1988 and 1989, and then to victory in the 1989 World Club Challenge. During the 1988 Great Britain Lions tour he was flown to Australia as a replacement for the injured Garry Schofield.
Currier moved to Australia to play with Sydney club, the Balmain Tigers, and became the NSWRL's top point scorer for the 1989 season. Currier also played in the memorable 1989 Winfield Cup grand final loss against Canberra at the end of that season. 
At the end of the NSWRL 1990 season Currier returned to England to continue playing for Widnes, helping them to the Challenge Cup final in 1993. At the end of that season he was purchased by Featherstone Rovers along with two other test players in a bold recruitment drive. He later moved to Warrington before playing the last of his rugby league with his original club, Widnes.
Currier also played rugby union for London Welsh and Worcester following his retirement from rugby league.

</doc>
<doc id="21548757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548757" title="Mary McGuckian">
Mary McGuckian

Mary McGuckian (born May 27, 1963) is a film director, producer and screenwriter from Northern Ireland.
Early life.
Born and brought up in Northern Ireland during the 'troubles', Mary McGuckian completed her formal education in the Republic of Ireland at Trinity College Dublin, where she took a degree in engineering. During this time that she became involved with 'Trinity Players', appearing in over 30 productions as well as producing, designing, directing and even lighting various others. She is remembered for her ability to juggle a demanding under-graduate lecture and exams schedule with full-time theatre commitment.
Career.
Her interest in theatre and politics led her to follow an autodidactic post graduate education in literature, theatre, acting and directing on various courses in London, Paris and Italy. During which time she wrote a number of avant-garde plays and movement pieces which were variously produced in England and Ireland. Most acclaimed was probably her long-running stage adaptation of Brian Merriman's poem, "The Midnight Court".
Returning to Ireland, she continued to work as an actor and playwright until invited to write screenplays by various producers in the emergent Irish film industry of the early 1990s. At this point, she set up her own company, Pembridge Productions, to develop and produce feature film projects. The company was active as a co-producer on many Irish feature films and also produced three pictures which she wrote and directed. "Words Upon the Window Pane", (adapted from the play by WB Yeats), "This Is the Sea", (an adaptation of her own play 'Hazel' and "Best", (the life story of Northern Irish footballer George Best); all essentially Irish subjects rooted in her cultural heritage.
In 2001, she established Pembridge Pictures in the UK to develop and finance a slate of pictures for a long-term international production strategy by accessing UK tax-incentive based funding in co-production with treaty partners of the UK such as the EU treaty countries and Canada. The first of these to commence principal photography was her adaptation of the Thornton Wilder classic, "The Bridge of San Luis Rey", delivered in May 2004, which shot in Spain.
More lately, she has turned her interest and attention to the exploration of innovative film-making techniques aimed at integrating a more collaborative style of production in order to prioritize performance values with the aim of making contemporary drama more compelling to audiences. Using a combination of modern script styles and extended character development work with collaborating actors who then improvise their own dialogue directly on set, the first film of her 'amorality' trilogy, "Rag Tale", was conceived. Allied to the latest in digital photographic and post production technology, her process continues to redefine the conventional linear filmmaking process into a much more integrated and collaborative style of filmmaking as many of the cast and crew of "Rag Tale" joined her on "Intervention" in New Mexico in 2006 and on "Inconceivable" in London and Las Vegas in 2007.
The company of cast and crew which evolved in the making of the trilogy have spent the last year making '"The Making of Plus One", with Kate, Cate and George, The Story of a Hollywood Nobody'. A sort of 'Plus One' to the 'amorality trilogy', the picture commenced principal photography during The Cannes Film Festival in 2008, which setting explores the incongruous clash of the creative and commercial aspects of independent feature film making. It was completed in May 2009.
Personal Life.
She was married to John Lynch in 1997. They separated in 2008 and the marriage was annulled mid-2012.
Latest Films.
"Man on the Train" starring Donald Sutherland and Larry Mullen Jr, a remake of the French Patrice LeConte classic, "L'Homme du Train", was released in 2011.
"The Novelist" - is currently in post production starring Eric Roberts’. Director of Photography, 
Julian Chojnacki
Recent Film.
"Making of Plus One" – A Producer in Cannes Reports - 
The film is called "The Making of Plus One." (Tagline: "The story of a Hollywood Nobody.") It was shot at the Cannes Film Festival last year, and the protagonist is a producer who tries to raise money by attaching celebrities to his film, a spoof on the celebrity worship that dominates this industry.
And as if to sabotage the movie for mocking the crazy deal-making that surrounds the festival, the projector fails twice during the opening minutes.
The movie resumes and portrays its likable characters forced into ugly choices. The imaginary film's director, for instance, is played by a young woman who perfectly captures an air of conflicted acquiescence as her producer sells out her creative options for promises of better funding if he hires "the Kates," Kate Winslet and Cate Blanchett.
At the end I leave the theatre, and it's as if I stepped back into the film. Same mass of pedestrians, same Palais, same crowd flashing away at celebrities on the red carpet. But "The Making of Plus One" is a small indie movie, and as I follow the film's actors through crowds to a reception, nobody recognizes them.
At the reception, irony strikes. As people toast a film that mocks celebrity worship, I see a familiar face across the room. It is a distribution expert who advised Suzanne and me almost a year ago in Los Angeles that we'd make a lot more money on our film if we attached a celebrity, either to narrate it or to "present" it.
We haven't done so, but it is not out of principle; it's mostly because we don't know anyone famous. And after that quiet screening we had here, we're thinking of calling around: "Hello, Cate?" We're just as trapped in this business as anyone else.
Then something good happens.
I run into the woman who played the film's director. I give her a postcard of our film and she smiles at the tagline. We talk for a few minutes and eventually I learn that she is not just an actor in an indie film, she is Suzan-Lori Parks, the 2002 Pulitzer-Prize winning playwright for "Topdog/Underdog" She was also the first female African-American playwright to win the Pulitzer.
After the party, I walk past the Palais. The crowds are still there. The people cheer. Strobes flash. I can't see the person they're yelling about. But I'm not interested – I just met Suzan-Lori Parks. I'd give Parks a tagline of her own: "She stayed true to her creativity . . . and she won'...

</doc>
<doc id="21548763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548763" title="SR.N3">
SR.N3

The British Hovercraft Corporation SR.N3 was a 37.5 ton hovercraft originally designed by Saunders-Roe. 
Launched in 1963, it was primarily aimed at military deployment. Propulsion and lift was provided by four rear-mounted Bristol-Siddeley Gnome gas turbine engines that allowed the SR.N3 to cruise at 70 knots. The British Inter-Service Hovercraft Trials Unit, based at Browndown, Stokes Bay, tested the SR.N3 in a wide variety of conditions, including ice. On 16th. September, 1964 an SR.N3 operated satisfactorily in a full gale and six foot seas. The SR.N3 never entered full service and ended up being used for target practice.

</doc>
<doc id="21548764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548764" title="Khandaker Nurul Alam">
Khandaker Nurul Alam

Khandaker Nurul Alam is a music composer and singer of Bangladesh. He is also a lyricist and a voice trainer. From the 1960s, he has been active in the music industry. He was awarded the "Ekushey Padak" in 2008. He is widely known as the singer and composer of the song “Chokh je moner kotha bole” (film: “Je Agune Puri”). He is also the composer of numerous songs recorded for radio, television and films. He has created background scores and composed songs for many films. He is the composer for many films based on the literary works of Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay; for example: “Devdas”, "Chandranath", “Shuvoda”, “Biraj Bou” etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21548765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548765" title="Alcian blue stain">
Alcian blue stain

Alcian blue or alcian blue () is any member of a family of polyvalent basic dyes, of which the Alcian blue 8G (also called Ingrain blue 1, and C.I. 74240, formerly called Alcian blue 8GX from the name of a batch of an ICI product) has been historically the most common and the most reliable member. It is used to stain acidic polysaccharides such as glycosaminoglycans in cartilages and other body structures, some types of mucopolysaccharides, sialylated glycocalyx of cells etc. For many of these targets it is one of the most widely used cationic dyes for both light and electron microscopy. Use of alcian blue has historically been a popular staining method in histology especially for light microscopy in paraffin embedded sections and in semithin resin sections. The tissue parts that specifically stain by this dye become blue to bluish-green after staining and are called "Alcianophilic" (akin to "eosinophilic" or "sudanophilic"). Alcian blue staining can be combined with H&E staining, PAS staining and van Gieson staining methods. Alcian blue can be used to quantitate acidic glycans both in microspectrophotometric quantitation in solution or for staining glycoproteins in polyacrylamide gels or on western blots. Biochemists had used it to assay acid polysaccharides in urine since the 1960s for diagnosis of diseases like mucopolysaccharidosis but from 1970's, partly due to lack of availability of Alcian and partly due to length and tediousness of the procedure, alternative methods had to be developed e.g. Dimethyl methylene blue (DMB) method.
Prof. J. E. Scott, the first person outside the dye Industry to crack the chemical secret of this dye comments:
In addition to its wide use as a stain Alcian blue has also been used in other diverse applications e.g. gelling agent for lubricating fluids, modifiers for electrodes, charged coating agents etc.
History.
The Monstral blue found to coat the inside of copper vessels used to process phthalic acid derivatives had led to the discovery of Phthalocyanine in 1907. Attracted by the brilliance, stability and insolubility of this chromophore, attempts were made to reversibly modify it so that it would be carried into fabric in a solution and then easily precipitated (ingrained) into an unleachable but finely well dispersed deposit (hence the name "ingrain dyeing"). From this attempt, Alcian Blue (Ingrain blue 1) was first synthesized by the ICI dyestuffs department under N. H. Haddock and Wood in the early 1940s and patented in 1947 (Patent numbers: GB 586340 and GB 587636), originally as a textile dye. In 1950 it was used by Steedman as a selective dye for mucins. While the popularity of Alcian blue expanded exponentially, the difficulty involved in its production due to environmentally hazardous intermediate steps made its availability difficult and ICI stopped producing it by 1973. Many of the alternate sources sold similar looking color products with unreliable staining.
Prof J. E. Scott worked to decipher the chemistry of Alcian blue, which was known only to the Industry but kept as a tight trade secret. After spending 3 man-years of effort (which would have been unnecessary had the industry released the results) in 1972 he published the structure of Alcian blue and was able to get ICI to confirm it in 1973, incidentally in the same time that ICI also had just stopped producing it.
After the interim crisis since the 1970s when ICI had to stop, there have now been environmentally safe alternative industrial manufacturing of this dye that is supposed to work as well as 8GX but is called 8G since it is made differently. In attempt to answer what was the importance of discovering an alternative method of manufacturing this compound, a company (Anatech Ltd, USA) that remanufactured Alcian Blue says:
Etymology and capitalization of "Alcian".
The etymology of the name is not certain, and whether to capitalize it is an editorial style choice. Two major scientific and medical dictionaries use the lowercase styling, but there is also worthy support for the capitalized styling (discussed below). According to Elsevier's dictionary of chemoetymology, the "Alcian" in Alcian Blue might have been coined by contraction (and slight alteration) of "phthalocyanine".". Oxford online dictionary mentions that it was a trademark and also specifies
This hypothesis is consistent with the name of Alcian green, which is a tetraphenyl-phthalocyanine with copper.
However Prof. J. E. Scott who had cracked the Chemistry of Alcian Blue himself and later received confirmation from the manufacturer (ICI) wrote that Alcian was a trademark that ICI preferred to be spelt starting with a capital "A", and he presumes it came from the old English word "halcyon", which has a "romantic and poetic associations with the kingfisher bird and calm seas". Prof. Scott also states that Alcian green was merely a mixture of Alcian Blue and Alcian yellow and not a single compound, which is also supported by thin layer chromatography data from various sources e.g. works by another dye expert Prof. R. W. Horobin—one of the two chief editors of the 10th edition of the 75-year-old "Conn's Biological Stains Manual" published on behalf of the Biological Stain Commission.
Alcian Yellow is an azo dye having neither a phthalocyanine ring nor any of the colors of the Kingfisher, but in common with Alcian blue, has hydrolyzable charged thiouronium side-chains and similar stability of the final stained product. On the other hand there are other phthalocyanine dyes such as Luxol fast blue and Durazol blue, which have not acquired "Alcian" as a part of their names.
Physical properties.
Color.
The solid Alcian Blue is obtained as greenish-black (or sometimes dark bluish violet) crystals with metallic sheen. The aqueous solution is bright greenish-blue. Though the compound alcian blue itself is unstable (see stability below) the staining it produces is stable and light fast (i.e. does not bleach).
Paradoxic lack of Metachromasia.
Unlike tricyclic thiazines (e.g. toluidine blue, methylene blue and azure A etc.), which are metachromatic due to switching from monomeric to stacked aggregates, Alcian blue is apparently orthochromatic. In common with Astra blue and other similar dyes, this property that it does not change color either by change in concentration or by combination with substrates, makes it very suitable for microspectrophotometry. The apparent lack of metachromasia is not because it is truly orthochromatic but because "it is already fully metachromatic" in aqueous solution.
Absorption maximum affected by aggregation.
In aqueous solution large numbers of AB molecules stack together as micelles of very large size, too large to be even dialysed. Thus even at a fairly high dilution, it has an absorption maximum at ~600–615 nm, which is actually not the absorption maximum of a dye monomer but that of the multimer. Since the absorbed light is of yellow orange spectrum, the transmitted/reflected light is perceived by our eye as the complementary color of slightly greenish blue or cyan. In aqueous solution Alcian blues continue to be metachromatic at molar concentrations one hundredth those at which toluidine blue is mainly orthochromatic. Only a very small shoulder of the absorption curve at 670–680 nm represent the monomeric dye, which is usually the minority and becomes even lesser minority (<108M) in presence of salts. However when the solvent is DMSO—a non-protic solvent of moderately high dielectric constant, Alcian blue does not aggregate and a big monomeric absorption peak can be well visualized. A similar spectral shift to the longer monomeric peak is also observed when solvents like ethanol (or ethanol water mixture) is used as a vehicle or when nonionic detergents like Triton X-100 are used, that make exogenous micelles.
Molar extinction coefficient.
Alcians blue carries Phthalocyanine one of the most highly colored chromophores yet known with a molar extinction of 120,000 i.e. AB is detectable at half the molar concentration of popular dyes like toluidine blue, tryarylmethanes (e.g. pararosaniline and the analogous Schiff bases used in PAS stain, Crystal violet in Gram stain) etc.
Solubility.
It is water soluble. When each of the pair of substituents on the pendant group nitrogens are toluyl, the solubility in water at 20 °C is about 9.5% w/w ; and similarly a few other solubilities are: 6.0% in absolute ethanol, 6.0% in Cellosolve and 3.25% ethylene glycol, whereas it is practically insoluble in xylene. In relative/partitioning terms, Alcian Blue 8G has a (octanol) Partition coefficient "LogP" of −9.7, suggesting it is rather water soluble (lipid soluble if LogP>0, and good lipid stains generally have a LogP>+7). Methanol is an acceptable substitute for ethanol as a potential vehicle for Alcian blue, but isopropanol is not, because, within a few hours all of suspended Alcian blue precipitates if isopropanol is tried as a vehicle.
Melting point.
The sample compound with Merck index number 218 has a melting point of 148 °C.
Chemistry.
It is a tetravalent basic (cationic) dye with a copper (Cu2+, coordination 4 of 6, orbital configuration d9 with Jahn–Teller distortion) phthalocyanine nucleus (CuPc) with three or four pendent isothiouronium side chains imparting its bulkiness and positive charges. In order to qualify as an alcian blue family member there has to be at least 2 side chains and the mixtures often have 3 chains in average to qualify as 8G. Four tetramethylisothiouronium groups per molecule are shown in the picture. ICI had claimed an average of about three side chains per molecule, but analyses by Prof Scotts lab suggested between three and four. Most of them are at the 2(3) positions, as in the formula and sometimes a cartoon representation uses the methylene bridge criss crossing across the bond between these two positions to indicate that it could bind either of these two positions. A large number of isomers, differing in the positions of the cationic groups, are possible. Alcian blue 7GX carries fewer isothiouronium groups than 8GX. Similarly 5GX and 2GX may have even fewer side groups but it was not rigorously proven.
The phthalocyanine aromatic nucleus has a large conjugated system with a CBN (Conjugated bond number) of 48. However it is the charges on the isothiouronium side groups that still keeps it water soluble. These side groups can carry bulkier alkyl or aryl substituents rather than the 8x2 methyl groups as in the image given. These groups split off from the macrocyclic ring during the washing at the end of staining or by rather mind conditions (e.g. pH above 5.6) or during spontaneous degradation.
The metals in the Phthallocyanine nucleus and substituted groups directly attached to the aromatic nucleus determine colors of the members of the metal phthallocyanine family e.g. Alcian Blue and the copper phthalocyanine itself are blue, but brominated or chlorinated copper phthalocyanine and sulfonated copper phthalocyanine are green.
Alcian Blue has a relatively high solubility in salt solutions and stains slower than other dyes. By changing pH or ambient salt concentrations characteristic staining patterns can be obtained.
pH controlled staining.
At pH 1.0 it stains only sulfated polysaccharides and at pH 2.5 also stains carboxyl group containing sugars such as sialic acids and uronic acids intensify the stain of hyaluronic acids, which would also stain albeit relatively weakly by their half sulfate esters at pH 1.0.
Electrolyte controlled staining.
A staining method where at a fixed pH of about 5.5, different critical salt concentration (Classically MgCl2, but NaCl, KCl, LiBr are potential alternatives) can be used where the smaller (faster diffusing) salt cation competes with alcian blue to bind to the anionic sites. Target material specific critical electrolyte concentration (CEC) is supposed to selectively identify sulphated, carboxylated and phosphated structures for example as the targets.
Stability.
Alcian blue 8G as an exception to most other dyes can deteriorate even in the solid state, changing to an insoluble pigment, unless it is the pyridine variant of alcian blue (Alcian Blue-tetrakis(methylpyridinium) chloride, CAS 123439-83-8, CB6503730, PubChem 24860335). The solution is unstable at pH 5.6 and above, unless MgCl2 is used as a stabilizer. According to Prof. John A. Kiernan—one of the two chief editors of the 10th edition of the 75-year-old "Conn's Biological Stains Manual" published on behalf of the Biological Stain Commission:
Explanation of staining selectivity.
Nucleic acids are generally basophilic because they have a very high density of negative charge due to the sugar phosphate backbone. However in contrast to other basic i.e. cationic dyes, Alcian blue usually (given the right pH and salt concentrations, and normal temperature and duration in minutes, not hours) preferably stains acidic glycosaminoglycans but not the chromatin and nissel substance, the mechanism of which had been a mystery for a long time and various theories were proposed. Though the presumed basis of the staining is its positive charge attracted to negative structures (e.g. acidic sugars), bulkiness (width 2.5–3 nm, compared to toluidine blue ~0.7 x1.1 nm) makes its diffusion very slow in less permeable parts of the tissue and thus prevent it from staining highly negative yet compact structures such as chromatin and nissel substance. However prolonged staining (few days at 25 °C) or DNA denaturing conditions may allow Alcian blue to also stain the nucleus. The isolation of the positive charge from the aromatic electron cloud by the intervening methylene bridges makes the localized positive charged regions "hard" ions in contrast to soft ions where the charge is delocalized over the whole aromatic pi cloud. When these hard cations encounter the hard anions e.g. in form of sulfate they form salts without regard for the precise chemical nature of the anion. The resulting salts are highly stable but can be slowly exchanged with high concentration of salts. Washing with water or alkali treatment after staining causes base catalyzed hydrolysis and removal of the pendant positively charged side chains and the resulting compound is Phthalocyanine Blue, which forms a blue water-insoluble dye precipitate. The precipitates are so robust that they withstand harsh conditions like PAS or other counterstaining and also dehydration and embedding treatments (in contrast toluidine blue is partially extracted away during dehydration). This unleachability is the chemical basis of the ingrain dyeing for which AB (Ingrain blue 1) was originally designed by the dye industry.
Manufacturing and purity.
The historic Alcian Blue varied so much batch to batch that only the 8GX (e.g. not even the 8GS) batch produced by ICI was later decided to be the biologically useful ones. Commercially available batches usually contained about 49% of the actual dye and rest used to be Sulfate, boric acid, dextrin and other impurities and by various extraction methods up to 80% pure extracts can be made. Actually the dye does not necessary contain all 4 substituents but might contain 2 or 3 of them and have various geometric isomers. But anyhow the manufacture of 8GX by ICI had stopped by Mid-1970s because of environmental hazards and very small lots were available that were received from alternate sources. Only recently Alcian Blue has been re manufactured in bulk using safer procedures but the newer product does not have the suffix X (or S) since the manufacture process (and the exact product composition) is somewhat different.
Material safety.
Alcian blue is an eye and respiratory tract irritant. Solid Alcian blue is a combustible powder and should never be handled close to heat or a naked flame. Heating Alcian blue produces toxic fumes of nitrogen compounds. It can react violently if mixed with oxidising materials. The solution of Alcian blue is a skin sensitiser and corrosive (partly due to the acidic pH needed to maintain it unhydrolyzed in solution) and harmful by skin absorption. Most vendor MSDS (Material safety datasheet) mention that effect of ingestion not known or target organ not known. However some do mention that potential target organs are teeth and kidneys.
Uses in Dye Industry.
This stain was originally discovered by ICI in the 1940s as a member of the competitive dye industry for the purpose of industrial dying. It was used for some time for staining textiles, leather products and inks. ICI sold thousands of tons of alcian blue and filed multiple patents regarding its manufacturing process to keep its chemistry a tight secret. However ICI had had trouble with the dye's solubility under textile dyeing conditions, and various process changes in manufacturing were made during the 1950s and 1960s.
Uses in biological staining.
Drug interference in staining.
Trypanocidal drug suramin is polysulfated and gives a positive alcian blue reaction even at pH 1. Thus, in tissues from a patient on Suramin Alcian blue cannot be used or interpreted reliably.
Uses other than as a dye or stain.
In addition to its use as a dye or stain Alcian blue also finds other material science uses.
Adhesive.
Alcian blue has been used as an adhesive to help stick glycol methacrylate sections to glass slides (which have negatively charged silicate groups).
Coating agent.
Alcian blue carrying a large aromatic surface that can participate in Van der Waal's interaction as well as multiple licalized charges. Thus it can be coated onto surfaces and significantly modify surface property and charge. Some cells in culture grow better on surfaces coated with positive charge like poly-L-lysine or polyornithine or Alcian blue. Alcian blue coated surfaces hold onto the negatively charge glycocalyx so tight that it can even be used to cover a layer of cells and then float it up to peel off the roof ("unroofing") to study the cytoplasmic side of the plasma membrane.
Gelling or lubricating agent.
Alcian Blue has been used as a gelling agent for lubricating fluids likely due to the stacking properties of this macrocylic aromatic compound.
Electrode component.
Another application is "Alcian Blue Modified Carbon Paste Electrode" (ABMCPE), which acts as a highly sensitive redox sensor compared to Bare Carbon Paste Electrode (BCPE) and exhibits strong "promoting" effect and stability.

</doc>
<doc id="21548766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548766" title="Culture series">
Culture series

The Culture series, Culture sequence or Culture cycle refers to a series of novels and short fiction of Scottish author Iain M. Banks (1954 – 2013). The stories center around the Culture, a post-scarcity semi-anarchist utopia consisting of various humanoid races and managed by very advanced artificial intelligences. The main theme of the novels is the dilemmas that an idealistic hyperpower faces in dealing with civilisations that do not share its ideals, and whose behaviour it sometimes finds repulsive. In some of the stories, action takes place mainly in non-Culture environments, and the leading characters are often on the fringes of, or non-members of, the Culture, sometimes acting as agents of Culture plans to civilise the galaxy.
The Culture.
The Culture is a post-scarcity society formed by various humanoid races and artificial intelligences about 9,000 years ago. Since the majority of its biological population can have virtually anything they want without the need to work, there is little need for laws or enforcement, and the Culture is semi-anarchist. Its members live mainly in spaceships and other off-planet constructs, because its founders wished to avoid the centralized political and corporate power-structures that planet-based economies foster. Most of the planning and administration is done by Minds, very advanced AIs.
Although the Culture has more advanced technology and a more powerful economy than the vast majority of known civilizations, it is just one of the "Involved" civilizations that take an active part in galactic affairs. The Homomda are slightly more advanced while the Morthanveld have a much larger population and economy. Some civilizations that take no part in galactic politics are vastly more powerful, such as the Dra'Azon, whom the Culture are reluctant to antagonize despite the need to rescue a Mind stranded on a planet set aside by the Dra'Azon as a memorial, and the Behemothaurs, of whom little is known except the civilizations that meddle with them have a habit of disappearing.
Some other civilizations hold less favorable views of the Culture. At the time of their war with the Culture, the Idirans and some of their allies regarded the control that the Minds exercised over the Culture as a form of idolatry. The Homomda regard the Culture as idealistic and hyper-active. Some members of the Culture have seceded and formed a similar but less activist civilization, the Zetetic Elench, while others simply drop out temporarily or permanently.
The stories.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Main themes.
Since the Culture's biological population commonly lives as long as 400 years and have no need to work, they face the difficulty of giving meaning to their lives when the Minds and other intelligent machines can do almost anything better than the biological population can. Many try, a few successfully, to join Contact, the Culture's diplomatic service, or Special Circumstances, Contact's secret service division. Banks described the Culture as "some incredibly rich lady of leisure who does good, charitable works... Contact does that on a large scale." The same need to find a purpose for existence led the Culture as a whole to embark voluntarily on its only full-scale war, to stop the expansion of the theocratic and militaristic Idirans – otherwise the Culture's economic and technological advancement would have been a pointless exercise in hedonism.
All of the stories feature the tension between the Culture's humane, anarchist ideals and its need to intervene in the affairs of less enlightened and often less advanced civilisations. The first Culture novel, "Consider Phlebas" (1987), describes an episode in the Idiran War, which the Culture's Minds foresaw would cause billions of deaths on both sides, but which their utilitarian calculations predicted would be the best course in the long term. The Idiran War serves as a recurring reference point in most of the subsequent novels, influencing the Culture's development for centuries and dividing its residents--both humanoids and AI Minds--along the pacifist and interventionist ideals; habitats whose populations are opposed to the war form the Culture "Ulterior" as a parallel society. True to the Culture's anarchist orientation--and freed from scarcity of resources--the ships fighting the war never make, or even contemplate, any attempt to crackdown on the Ulterior. In "The Player of Games" (1988), a Culture citizen is blackmailed into being the agent of a Culture plan to destabilise a repressive empire. "Use of Weapons" explores the thoughts and dark secret of a mercenary whom the Culture employs for various regime change operations. The main thread in "Excession" (1996) is about some Minds' attempts to foil a plot by other Minds to provoke a war with a rapidly expanding and revoltingly sadistic race. In "Look to Windward" (2000), the Culture has to avert an planned by the Chelgrians in retaliation for the Culture's attempt to democratise the Chelgrian's rigid caste system, which led to a devastating civil war between the new regime and the old elite; after preventing disaster, the Culture takes a sadistic revenge on the chief plotters – Banks commented that in order to prevent such atrocities "even the Culture throws away its usual moral rule-book." Andrew M. Butler noted that, "Having established the peaceful, utopian, game-playing tendencies of the Culture, ... in later volumes the Culture’s dirty tricks are more exposed."
The Culture stories have been described as "eerily prescient". "Consider Phlebas" (1987) explicitly presents a clash of civilizations, although this phrase was coined by Samuel P. Huntington in 1992. This is highlighted by the novel's description of the Idirans' expansion as a "jihad" and by its epigraphic verse from the Koran, "Idolatry is worse than carnage". However, it was as much a "holy war" from the Culture's point of view. Throughout the series, Contact and Special Circumstances show themselves willing to intervene, sometimes forcefully, in other civilizations to put them on a path to being directed by AI Minds too. In "Matter" (2008), the Culture takes advantage of an incredibly powerful ancient Iln machine capable of manipulating and destroying organic life to influence the Morthanveld, a peer high-level involved civilization which had previously stopped short of fully giving over their society and ships to AI Minds. By ensuring that Morthanveld ships face the Iln machine, the Culture Minds involved believe that the Morthanveld will finally conclude that giving themselves over completely to AI Minds is necessary. The Culture's AI Minds seem to agree that it is safest for the galaxy if all powerful civilizations are run by intelligences like their own. This total deference to machine intelligence may reflect the "idolatry" implied by the epigraph at the start of the series' first novel. As Horza, the central character fighting against the Culture in "Consider Phlebas" (1987), says to a Special Circumstances agent, "You're ruled by your machines. You're an evolutionary dead end. The trouble is that to take your mind off it you try to drag everybody else down there with you" (p. 27).
Much of "Look to Windward" is a commentary on the Idiran-Culture war, from a viewpoint 800 years later, mainly reflecting grief over both personal and large-scale losses, and guilt over mistakes made in the war, including the rejection of peace offers from the Idirans. It combines these with similar reflections on the attempt to reform the Chelgrians' rigid caste system; although the book describes the casual murder of an unresisting low-caste Chelgrian, preventing such injustices does not compensate for the disastrous consequences of the intervention. The book illustrates the limitations of power, and also points out that Minds and other AIs are as vulnerable as biological persons to grief, guilt and regrets.
One overarching theme running through the entire series is whether people, events, or ideas significantly matter in increasingly vast scales of space and time, in a nested multiverse where our physical reality is but one of many dimensions. Much in the novels can be interpreted as meditations on significance and scale. Banks at times demonstrates this theme directly in the narrative. In "Consider Phlebas" (1987), Horza and his crew visit the Vavatch Orbital on the frontline of the Culture-Idiran War on the eve of its announced destruction by the Culture. The orbital is a habitat far vaster than any planet and famed for the fleet of 'megaships' sailing its encircling waters. Horza's crew attempt to raid a megaship many kilometers long that appears incredibly vast in scale during that scene--but this ship is really just one small element of a fleet which serves as little more than a minor tourist draw. Vavatch Orbital itself comes to be seen as only one minor habitat no longer important enough even to remain in the Culture. The Culture considers Vavatch an insignificant backwater that needs to be destroyed because it isn't worth defending, on the chance the Idirans might attempt to seize it as a military base. The place where Horza and his crew suffered so much (chapters 5, 6, and 7, the longest in the novel) is quickly disintegrated by Culture weapons in a display that is "for all its human perceivable grandeur, quite wasted on the animal eye. A spectacle for the machines, thought Horza; that was all it was. A sideshow for the damn machines" (p. 285). Banks also at times demonstrates the theme in background exposition. In the appendices of "Consider Phlebas" (1987), the "historical perspective" provided by Banks concludes that the Culture-Indiran conflict was a merely "small, short war that rarely extended throughout more than .02% of the galaxy by volume and .01% by stellar population"--but that this war lasting just "forty-eight years, one month" still rated by the galaxy's elder civilization as one of the most interesting events of the "past fifty thousand years" (p. 507). It is a historical footnote to chronicle but not worth direct engagement by truly ancient species for whom territorial squabbles are a distraction. Most elder civilizations consider creating abstract art using planets and stars a more appropriate pastime, like the Dra'Azon in "Consider Phlebas" who maintain the "Planets of the Dead" such as Schar's World.
The theme of significance is most explicitly played out in a short chapter ("Space, Time") toward the end of "Look to Windward" (2000). A scholar killed while attempting to warn the Culture about a conspiratorial plot he incidentally discovered--and of which Culture AI Minds were already aware--is reconstituted eons later by a highly evolved version of the species he had been studying. The civilization named the "Culture" is not even remembered after so much time. The scholar asks how long he had been dead and is told nearly one Grand Cycle. "One, ah, galactic, umm, Grand Cycle?" he inquires. "That is what a Grand Cycle is... Galactic," he is told (pp. 394-95). The significance theme continues through the final novel, "The Hydrogen Sonata" (2012). The act of "Subliming" (an individual mind but more frequently a whole civilization transitioning from the physical universe to non-physical existence in another dimension) had been developed gradually throughout the Culture series, but "The Hydrogen Sonata" revolves around a peer civilization closely aligned with the Culture, the Gzilt, deciding to collectively Sublime. Those supporting the decision to Sublime are willing to do anything necessary, even commit murder, to ensure nothing is revealed that could alter the critical mass of belief necessary to ensure it occurred. Nothing done in the physical universe matters any longer after Subliming, it is widely believed. The little contact which occurs between the dimension of the Sublimed and the physical universe is abstract and confusing. Nothing remains of the Sublimed in the physical universe, even when those about to Sublime intentionally try to leave behind copies of themselves or their minds. All that one Gzilt leader can accomplish before Subliming is to bribe a lesser "scavenger" species to agree to name the Gzilt main star after him--and it is never revealed whether the Liseiden actually keep their end of the bargain. In the end, the greatest Gzilt habitat, the "Girdlecity" wrapping the circumference of one of their chief planets, is left virtually abandoned to be looted by the Liseiden. Yet this is how the Gzilt themselves initially acquired it, for the Girdlecity was originally built by an earlier obscure civilization that Sublimed and was mostly forgotten. This final Culture novel ends with a Gzilt who chose not to Sublime finishing her performance of the novel's titular sonata, an obscure mathematically complex but virtually unlistenable composition for an instrument that had to be invented in order to play it, on a virtually empty planet. She then abandons the instrument which "caught in the swirling breeze produced by the flier's departure, hummed emptily. The sound was swept away by the mindless air" (p. 517). It is the last echo of a once-famous composition and a once-mighty civilization soon to be forgotten in the vastness of galactic time.
"The Hydrogen Sonata" (2012) also advances a particularly provocative meditation on significance--does reality even really exist? The Culture Minds involved in the Gzilt affair run highly detailed simulations in their computerized substrates to model the various outcomes that may happen in reality. This long-established practice of running simulations had led to what the Minds call the "Simming Problem": How true to life and sentient was it ethical to allow simulations to become? (p. 271). Predictive modeling is more accurate the more lifelike and sentient that the beings in the simulation are allowed to become--but then afterward what should be done with a simulated reality containing thinking, feeling beings? This raises "the ever-vexing question, How do we know "we're" not in a simulation? There were sound, seemingly base-reality mathematically convincing and inescapable reasons for believing that all concerned in this ongoing debate about simulational ethics were genuinely at the base level of reality" but such "reassuring signs might all just be part of the illusion" (pp. 274-75). The idea that events perceived by participants as real and natural actually could be artificial and instigated by vaster external intelligences was advanced previously in "Matter" (2008). In chapter 18 ("The Current Emergency"), Ferbin's cause is rebuffed by a paranoid off-world general so immersed in artificial wars arranged by his Nariscene employers that he no longer seems to know where the observed experiment ends and reality begins. In "The Hydrogen Sonata" (2012), the Gzilt simulation experiment is even vaster, playing out over more than 10,000 years, and is ultimately considered an embarrassing mistake by the Sublimed civilization responsible. While the Culture Minds grapple with the ethicality of whether the truth should be revealed, a formerly Sublimed ship Mind named the "Zoologist" appears to influence the outcome by affecting the Mind of its host ship the "Caconym". Once the truth is discovered, the "Zoologist" slips away from its host and rejoins the Sublimed. The "Zoologist"'s role may reflect the philosophy inherent in the Simming Problem that an ethical creator is "sort of duty-bound to be honest with your creations at some point and straight out tell them that they weren't really real, and existed at the whim of another order of beings altogether" (p. 274). The notion that perceived reality may be simulated is also reflected in two minor characters in the novel--a Culture agent whose mind is stored until needed and who sees "SIMULATION" floating in her vision whenever the AI Mind hosting her communicates with her computer-stored consciousness; and a Gzilt android so hastily reprogrammed for a mission that it cannot switch out of training mode and insists that everything it experiences is "simulated" practice, definitely not an actual real-world mission.
Place within science fiction.
When the first Culture stories appeared, science fiction was dominated by cyberpunk, a pessimistic sub-genre that worried about, but offered no solutions for, the offshoring of jobs to countries with lower costs or less strict regulations, the increasing power of corporations and the threats to privacy posed by computer networks. The Culture stories are space opera, making no attempt at scientific realism, and Banks uses this freedom extravagantly in order to focus on the human and political aspects of his universe; he even rejects the inevitability of capitalism, which both cyberpunk and earlier space operas had assumed, in creating an anarchistic society with a socialist flavour. Space opera had peaked in the 1930s, but started to decline as magazine editors such as John W. Campbell demanded more realistic approaches. By the 1960s most space operas were satires on earlier styles, such as Harry Harrison's Stainless Steel Rat and Bill, the Galactic Hero stories, while televised and film space operas such as "Star Trek" and "Star Wars" were thought to have dumbed down the sub-genre. The Culture stories did much to revive space opera.
Literary techniques.
Banks has been described as "an incorrigible player of games" with both style and structure – and with the reader. In both the Culture stories and his work outside science fiction, there are two sides to Banks, the "merry chatterer" who brings scenes to life and "the altogether less amiable character" who "engineers the often savage structure of his stories". Banks uses a wide range of styles. "The Player of Games" opens in a leisurely manner as it presents the main character's sense of boredom and inertia, and adopts for the main storyline a "spare, functional" style that contrasts with the "linguistic fireworks" of later stories. Sometimes the styles used in "Excession" relate to the function and focal character of the scene: slow-paced and detailed for Dajeil, who is still mourning over traumatic events that happened decades earlier; a parody of huntin', shootin'and fishin' country gentlemen, sometimes reminiscent of P. G. Wodehouse, when describing the viewpoint of the Affront; the ship "Serious Callers Only", afraid of becoming involved in the conflict between factions of Minds, speaks in cryptic verse, while the "Sleeper Service", acting as a freelance detective, adopts a hardboiled style. On the other hand Banks often wrong-foots readers by using prosaic descriptions for the grandest scenery, self-deprecation and humour for the most heroic actions, and a poetic style in describing one of the Affront's killings.
He delights in building up expectations and then surprising the reader. Even in "The Player of Games", which has the simplest style and structure of the series, the last line of the epilogue reveals who was really pulling the strings all along. In all the Culture stories, Banks subverts many clichés of space opera. The Minds are not plotting to take over the universe, and no-one is following a grand plan. The darkly comic double-act of Ferbin and Holse in "Matter" is not something most writers would place in "the normally po-faced context of space opera". Even the names of Culture spaceships are jokes – for example "Lightly Seared on the Reality Grill", "Experiencing a Significant Gravitas Shortfall" (part of a running gag in the series) and "Liveware Problem" (see liveware).
Banks often uses "outsiders" as viewpoint characters, and said that using an enemy of the Culture as the main character of "Consider Phlebas", the first story in the series, enabled him to present a more rounded view of the Culture. However, this character realises that his attempts to plan for anything that might conceivably happen on a mission are very similar to the way in which the Culture makes all its decisions, and by the end suspects he has chosen the wrong side.
The focal character of "The Player of Games" is bored with the lack of real challenges in his life, is blackmailed into becoming a Culture agent, admires the vibrancy of the Azad Empire but is then disgusted by its brutality, and wins the final of the tournament by playing in a style that reflects the Culture's values.
"Use of Weapons" features a non-Culture mercenary who accepts the benefits of association with the Culture, including immortality as the fee for his first assignment, and completes several dangerous missions as a Culture agent, but complains that he is kept in the dark about the aims of his missions and that in some of the wars he has fought maybe the Culture was backing both sides, with good reason.
"Look to Windward" uses three commentators on the Culture, a near-immortal Behemothaur, a member of the race plunged into civil war by a Culture intervention that went wrong, and the ambassador of a race at similar technological level to the Culture's.
The action scenes of the Culture stories are comparable to those of block-buster films. In an interview, Banks said he would like "Consider Phlebas" to be filmed "with a very, very, very big budget indeed" and would not mind if the story were given a happy ending, provided the biggest action scenes were kept. On the other hand "The Player of Games" relies mainly on the psychological tension of the games by which the ruler of the Azad Empire is selected.
Banks is unspecific about many of the background details in the stories, such as the rules of the game that is the centrepiece of "The Player of Games", and cheerfully makes no attempt at scientific credibility.
Genesis of the series.
Banks says he conceived the Culture in the 1960s, and that it is a combination of wish fulfilment and a reaction against the predominantly right-wing science fiction produced in the USA. In his opinion, the Culture might be a "great place to live", with no exploitation of people or AIs, and whose people could create beings greater than themselves.
Before his first published novel, "The Wasp Factory" (1984; not science fiction), was accepted in 1983, Banks wrote five books that were rejected, of which three were science fiction. In Banks' first draft of "Use of Weapons" in 1974, his third attempt at a novel, the Culture was just a backdrop intended to show that the mercenary agent was working for the "good guys" and was responsible for his own misdeeds. At the time he persuaded his friend Ken MacLeod to read it and MacLeod tried to suggest improvements, but the book had too much purple prose and a very convoluted structure. In 1984, shortly after "The Wasp Factory" was published, MacLeod was asked to read "Use of Weapons" again, and said there was "a good novel in there struggling to get out", and suggested the interleaved forwards and backwards narratives that appeared in the published version in 1990. The novella "The State of the Art", which provides the title of the 1991 collection, dates from 1979, the first draft of "The Player of Games" from 1980 and that of "Consider Phlebas" from 1982.
Reception.
"Inversions" won the 2004 Italia Science Fiction Award for the Best International Novel.
The American edition of "Look to Windward" was listed by the editors of SF Site as one of the "Best SF and Fantasy Books of 2001" after the UK edition had missed out by just one place the previous year.
"Use of Weapons" was listed in Damien Broderick's book "Science Fiction: The 101 Best Novels 1985-2010".

</doc>
<doc id="21548771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548771" title="Ronnie Bowlby">
Ronnie Bowlby

Ronald Oliver Bowlby (born 16 August 1926) was the ninth Bishop of Newcastle from 1973 until 1980, who was then translated to Southwark where he served until his retirement eleven years later in 1991.
Bowlby was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Oxford, his first post after ordination was as a curate at St Luke's, Pallion, Sunderland. He was then Priest in charge of St Aidan, Billingham and Vicar of Croydon before his elevation to the Episcopate. Bowlby was nominated to Newcastle on 27 November 1972, consecrated 6 January 1973 and translated to Southwark on 14 December 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21548779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548779" title="Foundry products operations (Cincinnati Milling Machine)">
Foundry products operations (Cincinnati Milling Machine)

Foundry products operations (Cincinnati Milling Machine) was a subsidiary operation of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company (CMM), a company which no longer exists. Some parts of the company evolved into the present Milacron, Inc. and Cincinnati Machine. CMM relied heavily on castings for the manufacturing of its machine tool products. The castings were produced at Cincinnati foundries not owned by CMM and at multiple foundries owned by CMM (and later, Milacron, Inc.) between 1907 and 1988.
Beginnings of CMM reliance on castings.
In 1884 the Cincinnati Screw and Tap Company was incorporated. The company was in the business of making screws and taps but also began to make machine tools. A basic component in machine tools at this time was gray iron castings. The company bought castings from jobbing foundries for the machine tools it manufactured. Some of the Cincinnati local foundries which supplied to the machine tool company included the Blackburn Foundry, Buckeye Foundry Company, The Steel Foundry Company (Cincinnati) and others.
In 1889 the screw and tap business was sold off, as the machine tool business was being concentrated on, and the company was renamed the Cincinnati Milling Machine Co. (CMM). CMM continued to operate in the central business district of Cincinnati and purchased castings from a number of local foundries.
In 1905 the company was sold in total to Frederick A. Geier, who became president. Geier had been a partner in the concern previously. Until this time the company had had some problems with the locations in the business district: at least one flood and a fire had caused it to relocate.
Relocation to Oakley.
In October 1906 CMM announced plans for a new vertically integrated factory to be built in a suburb of Cincinnati named Oakley. A site was purchased there which was named the "Factory Colony". This site would include a two-story administration building 62 x , a foundry building 62 x , a building for cleaning castings and storing 62 x , a charging building 62 x , and a pattern shop 62 x . These buildings would be all of brick and steel construction. A few months later the company announced the foundry would be 350 x with the pattern shop to be 50 x . A power house would also be erected with a size of 75 x 100 feet. The foundry was planned to provide castings to all companies which would locate to the new industrial park.
Geier reasoned a captive foundry operation was needed because “…the uncertain supply of castings had been a great handicap to production at a time when demand was far greater than our ability to supply… ”.
A few months after making the construction announcement CMM announced they were leasing a foundry on Patternson Street in Cincinnati, to be occupied be the "Modern Foundry" until the construction was completed in Oakley. The "Modern Foundry" was the beginnings of what became the Foundry Products Operations of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company.
The foundry was erected by the Interstate Engineering Company, opening in 1907, and becoming the first production facility in the new Industrial Park, as a separate organization called the "Modern Foundry" and was located at the corner of Marburg and Disney Street in Oakley. The new foundry was fully operational by 1908 and could melt 30 tons per day in its cupolas.
The foundry also organized with other foundries in Cincinnati: Lunkenheimer, Buckeye Foundry Company and the John B. Morris Foundry to form the Associated Foundries of Cincinnati, supplying castings to Cincinnati industry. The first manager of the Modern Foundry was Walter H. Geier.
By the mid-1930s the Factory Colony was considered one of the world's largest manufacturers of machine tools and employed thousands of workers.
Chosen to represent the foundry industry in a mural.
Winold Reiss was contracted to produce murals depicting workers in Cincinnati industries, for the new Cincinnati Union Terminal. To depict the foundry industry, he visited the Modern Foundry to get ideas and set a scene for one of the murals called Foundry and Machine Shop Products. In this mural a man (modeled by Joseph Schwope, 1898–1980) is skimming a ladle of iron, while an iron pourer (modeled by Bill Rengering, 1901–1985) pours a mold. A metallurgist (modeled by Emil Weston, 1900–1990) measures the metal temperature using an optical pyrometer. In the background a cupola tender (Bill Ennix, 1886–1944) watches over the work. One source credits the model for the cupola tender as being Howard Fredericks.
A copy of the original photograph is shown in the book "They Built a City:150 Years of Industrial Cincinnati".
After visiting the Modern Foundry for a couple days, and after everything was arranged as Reiss wanted to capture the depiction of the foundry industry, the photograph was taken during the pouring of a mold. Reiss then made a sketch of the elements he wanted to include from the photograph, simplyfying the elements he wanted to include in his depiction. This sketch was submitted to the Ravenna Mosaic Company of Italy for production into the tesserae medium of the mosaic. The glass tesserae pieces were attached to paper which were shipped to Cincinnati Union Terminal. The paper backed pieces were pressed into the plaster on the terminal wall and any interstitial places were filled with colored mortar. In 1973, when the terminal concourse was to be torn down, this mural with 13 others were carefully removed and transported to Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport.
Preparations for a new expansion, gearing up for war.
In the early 1930s Frederick V. Geier (son of Frederick A. Geier) was sent to Germany to explore the possibility of establishing an operation there for manufacturing machine tools. He was shocked by what he saw and concluded a war in Europe was imminent. Changes were needed to support future needs of the United States and its allies.
The foundry operation was licensed to produce iron under the Meehanite process in 1935 for the cupola operation. In 1937 the Blackburn Foundry was taken over to support production of large castings. In 1938, based on his studies of what was happening in Europe and despite a deep recession, Geier launched a program to double the plant size including construction of a new foundry.
The New Foundry.
The New Foundry opened and poured its first heat by December 1940, about a year before the Attack on Pearl Harbor. With the opening of the New Foundry the old Modern Foundry was torn down, and in its place additional machining and assembly space was created allowing a sevenfold increase in production during World War II. The Modern Foundry poured its last heat in 1941.
The Metal Fabricating Division foundry, as it came to be called, supplied all the needs of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company and its successor, Milacron, Inc. At least three buildings were constructed of over .
Army-Navy ‘E’ Award.
Cincinnati Milling Machine received the prestigious Army-Navy ‘E’ Award on March 6, 1942, in part through the efforts the New Foundry and the other local foundries in supplying thousands of castings which were used to produce 17,511 machine tools in 1942 alone.
Late in the World War 2 era, production dropped off considerably, to less than half of that amount, to about 15,000 tons per year.
Post war.
At the end of the war and into the 1950s production stabilized at about 12,000 tons per year with purchased castings at about 3,000 tons per year. The CMM Co. Foundry also produced castings for direct sales to other customers, but at a low rate of about 1,000 tons per year. Because the foundry was wholly owned by CMM, other machine tool makers were reluctant to have their competitor making castings for them. There was also an excess of capacity at Cincinnati local foundries.
The production of castings was similar to the way they were made since the early days of founding. Molding was done with green sand until sometime in the 1960s or 1970’s the furan molding process was adopted for medium and large sized castings. Melting continued using the cupola. Most requirements on the foundry were for gray iron, the material normally used in machine tool castings. With the discovery of Ductile iron, the foundry began producing ductile in the 1950s using open ladle treatments or the Gazal porous plug process. Not many machine tool parts were needed in ductile iron.
Castings for overseas production facilities.
In 1964 Milacron constructed an entirely new foundry in England to supply castings for its European machine tool business. This foundry was known as Cincinnati Milacron Ltd, Foundry Operations, Tamworth, England.
In the 1970s and 1980s the company was the largest single employer in Biggleswade, Bedfordshire, England.
Change in the 1970s.
The fortunes of the machine tool industry in the United States changed dramatically in the 1970s, especially in Cincinnati, OH. Milacron diversified its interests by developing machines that made plastic products A large part of its success in making machinery was in the use of ductile iron in the plastic injection machinery [http://www.ductile.org/magazine/2001_1/Designing.htm.
No longer captive, the foundry is set free.
In 1988, Cincinnati Milacron, Inc. restructured and reorganized the company, leading to the sale of the Met-Fab Division facility including the Oakley foundry. In the previous ten-year period Milacron had invested over $8 million in the plant. The sale meant that the long history of the "Foundry products operations (Cincinnati Milling Machine)" came to a close - but - the modernized New Foundry would now be a metalcasting operation that supplies many companies and customers with a full range of gray and ductile iron castings. Named Cast-Fab Technologies, Inc., this foundry continues in operation today supplying castings for customers around the world.
As of the end of the year 2012, the entire 100-acre site once holding the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company has been cleared to bare ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21548807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548807" title="David Booth">
David Booth

David Booth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21548814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548814" title="America As Seen by a Frenchman">
America As Seen by a Frenchman

America As Seen by a Frenchman () is a 1960 French documentary film directed by François Reichenbach. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21548817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548817" title="Johannes de Graaff">
Johannes de Graaff

Johannes de Graaff (1729–1813), also referred to as "Johannis de Graeff" in some documents, was a Dutch Governor of Sint Eustatius, Saba and Sint Maarten in the Netherlands Antilles during the difficult time of the American Revolutionary War.
Life and career.
"First Salute" to the American Flag.
Sint Eustatius was the most important place for dealing or smuggling with Americans. On 16 November 1776, at the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, the American navy ship USS "Andrew Doria", with the "American Declaration of Independence" on board, arrived in St. Eustatius. Its captain fired a salute to the Dutch flag on Fort Oranje and Johannes de Graaff decided to answer the salute with eleven gun shots. And so the United States of America were for the first time recognized as a nation by this "salute of eleven guns". 
The British were furious and De Graaff was recalled to the Netherlands following British protests to the Dutch government. He explained his deeds and was sent back to Sint Eustatius.
Loss of island.
De Graaff held his position until admiral Rodney captured and subsequently raided the island in February 1781. Within a day all the Jewish merchants and the governor of the island were sent to England. The island was plundered by Rodney and his crew.
Commentaries regarding the 'First Salute'.
"White puffs of gun smoke over a turquoise sea followed by the boom of cannon rose from the unassuming port on the diminutive Dutch island of St. Eustatius in the West Indies on 16 November 1776. The guns of "Fort Orange" on St. Eustatius were returning the ritual salute on entering a foreign port of an American vessel, the Andrew Doria, as she came up the roadstead, flying at her mast the red-and-white-striped flag of the Continental Congress. In its responding salute, the small voice of St. Eustatius was the first to officially greet the largest event of the century – the entry into the society of nations of a new Atlantic state destined to change the direction of history".
In 1939, President Roosevelt presented a plaque to St. Eustatius. Mounted on the flagpole inside the impressively restored Fort Oranje, it reads, "In commemoration of the salute to the flag of the United States fired in this fort on 16 November 1776 by order of Johannes de Graaff, Governor of St. Eustatius in reply to a national gun salute fired by the U.S. Brig-of-war Andrew Doria.(...) Here the sovereignty of the United States was first formally acknowledged to a national vessel by a foreign official".

</doc>
<doc id="21548820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548820" title="Isle of Wight (Maryland)">
Isle of Wight (Maryland)

Isle of Wight is an island in Worcester County, just west of Ocean City in Maryland. It is designated by the state of Maryland as a Wildlife Management Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21548844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548844" title="Mark Maley">
Mark Maley

Mark Maley (born 26 January 1981) is an English former footballer who played as a defender.
Maley started his career with Sunderland and progressed through the youth system at the club. He was loaned out to lower-league sides Blackpool, Northampton Town and York City, making a number of appearances in the Football League. His career was brought to an end after accidentally being shot in the eye by Sunderland teammate John Oster with an air gun in 2002.
Club career.
Maley was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear and started his footballing career with Sunderland after progressing through their youth system. He made his first team debut after starting at right back in a League Cup first round second leg game against York City on 18 August 1998, which Sunderland won 2–1. This proved to be his only appearance of the 1998–99 season. He made another appearance in this competition the following season, starting in a 3–2 victory over Walsall, before being substituted for Michael Gray on 80 minutes. His third, and eventually final appearance for Sunderland came in a 3–0 victory over Luton Town in a second round League Cup tie on 19 September 2000. Less than a month later, he was loaned out to Third Division team Blackpool for a month. His debut came in a 2–2 draw with Southend United in a Football League game on 8 October and made one further appearance in a 2–0 defeat to Plymouth Argyle. He was soon sent out on loan again, joining Northampton Town for a month, and again made two appearances, featuring in defeats to Walsall and Swindon Town.
He joined York City on an initial month's loan on 27 September 2001, which materialised as part of an agreement between the two clubs, with Sunderland loaning some players out to York. He made his debut two days later, playing at left back in a 3–1 victory over Lincoln City. The loan was extended for a second month in November and hinted he may have been interested in signing for the club permanently. He was handed the first red card of his career in a 2–0 defeat to Scunthorpe United. He suffered from a knee injury during an FA Cup tie against Colchester United on 17 November, which led to him undergoing a late fitness test for their game against Swansea City, and was able to play, entering the game as a substitute. The loan was extended for a third month on 22 November. It was extended until the end of the 2001–02 season on 18 December, but he was forced to return to Sunderland in March 2002 after suffering from a thigh injury. He finished his spell at the club with 17 appearances in all competitions.
He was accidentally shot in the eye by Sunderland teammate John Oster with an air gun at Oster's home in April 2002, with neither believing the gun was loaded, which resulted in Maley undergoing emergency surgery. This led to Maley's career being brought to an end at the age of 21. The pair came to an out-of-court settlement over the incident in February 2007.
International career.
Maley was an England schoolboy international and captained the England under-18 team.

</doc>
<doc id="21548863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548863" title="Ella (name)">
Ella (name)

In Greek mythology, Ella (Greek: Ἕλλα) was the daughter of Athamas and Nephele. The name may be a cognate with Hellas (Greek: Ἑλλάς), the Greek name for Greece, which said to have been originally the name of the region round Dodona.
Another source indicates the name is a Norman version of the Germanic short name "Alia", which was short for a variety of German names with the element "ali"-, meaning "other." It is also a common short name for names starting with "El"-, such as Eleanor, Elizabeth, Elle, Ellen, Ellie, or Eloise. Hebrew Ella אלה has two meanings. 1) A tree indigenous to the middle east, Pistacia Terebinth, from the pistaccio family. As written in Isiah 6-13: And though a tenth remains in the land, it will again be laid waste. But as the terebinth and oak leave stumps when they are cut down, so the holy seed will be the stump in the land." 2) Ella means goddess in modern Hebrew. 
Ella became used again during the Victorian era in English-speaking countries and has been revived in the last decade, becoming a popular given name for baby girls born in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, the United States and other English-speaking countries. One well-known bearer of the name was singer Ella Fitzgerald. Grand Duchess Elizabeth Feodorovna of Russia, a Russian grand duchess and saint of the Russian Orthodox Church, was commonly known as Ella.

</doc>
<doc id="21548868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548868" title="Kankesanthurai Electoral District">
Kankesanthurai Electoral District

Kankesanthurai Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the town of Kankesanthurai in Jaffna District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Kankesanthurai electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Kankesanthurai continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
A. Amirthalingam and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Amirthalingam forfeited his seat in Parliament on 22 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21548877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548877" title="Bubblegum Screw">
Bubblegum Screw

Bubblegum Screw is a London glam punk band heavily influenced by New York 1977 punk and other American bands such as New York Dolls, The Dead Boys and The Stooges. Along with bands such as Backyard Babies and Buckcherry, they have been called the new blood of Glam Punk. They were also mentioned in the introduction to Brett Callwood's biography of The Stooges.
Characteristics.
Formed in 2006 by Mark Thorn, the former vocalist for Dead Famous, and Zuri Warsaw on bass guitar, the band quickly recruited Dead Famous' old drummer Mike Fury and Rich van Kerr on guitar. 
After an initial period with Thorn combining both singing and guitar duties and the recording of the EP 'St Valentine's Day Massacre' in 2007, Jonni Scarlett was recruited to play lead guitar. He was replaced before an Eastern European tour, which included concerts in Zagreb, Belgrade, Sofia and Plovdiv, by Tommy Vommit, the name being given to him by Rich van Kerr after a heavy night of drinking.
In 2008 the song 'Rock 'n' Roll Loser' was featured on the cover CD "Sons of Guns III" for Classic Rock Magazine. During the same period, original drummer Mike Fury left the band and was replaced by Dave666 of B-Movie Vampires fame. They have also featured on compilation CDs of the UK fanzine Bubblegum Slut and in 2009 supported L.A. Guns and Warrior Soul on their London dates.
Their debut album 'Screwphoria!' was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21548883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548883" title="Steve Power">
Steve Power

Steve Power (born in Liverpool) is an English record producer best known for his work with Robbie Williams. He has produced and mixed a wide variety of artists over the years, including Blur, Busted, Andrea Bocelli, Feeder, Joe Cocker, Diana Ross, Babybird, Babylon Zoo, Stephen Duffy, Black, The Bangels, Billy Ocean, James, Julian Cope, McFly, Ray LaMontagne and Kylie Minogue. Recently he has worked with artists as diverse as Beth Rowley, Stephen Duffy, Julian Velard, David Ford, Laura Critchley, Nerina Pallot, and Wonderland.
Biography.
Power got his start in the music industry as a member of Hambi and The Dance, signed to Virgin Records in 1981. With the advance from deal, he built Pink Recording Studios in Liverpool where they recorded their debut album. While the band was off touring, Power stayed to run to the studio as a commercial venture, and began recording bands from the Liverpool scene. Clients included Frankie Goes To Hollywood, Dead or Alive, Black, and A Flock of Seagulls.
Around 1983, Power was courted and signed by Producer manager Buzz Carter (Steve Lilywhite, Steve Brown), subsequently moving to London and working with Julian Cope and Level 42 among others.
The Battery years.
In 1986, Power was hired as a house engineer in the legendary Battery Studios owned by Clive Calder and Robert John "Mutt" Lange. There he worked on a variety of projects, including Billy Ocean's "Love Zone", A Flock Of Seagulls' "The Story of a Young Heart", The Icicle Works' "If You Want To Defeat Your Enemy, Sing His Song". Productions and mixes from this period include James' "Strip-mine".
Work with Robbie Williams.
In 1997, after a successful run in the charts including Babybird's "You're Gorgeous" and Babylon Zoo's "Spaceman", long standing friend and collaborator, writer/producer Guy Chambers approached Power to co-produce a solo album for ex-Take That member Robbie Williams. The first album, "Life thru a Lens" remained forty weeks inside the British top ten and 218 weeks altogether, making it the 58th best selling album in UK History with sales over 2.4 Million. Chambers and Power were jointly awarded 'Producer of the Year' by the International managers' Forum for the album. Power went on to produce the four following Williams albums, "I've Been Expecting You, Sing When You're Winning, Swing When You're Winning", and "Escapology", all selling over 2 million in the UK alone, each one listed in the Top 100 Best Selling UK albums, making Williams the best selling British solo artist in the history of the United Kingdom.
Recent work.
Power has continued producing and mixing records. Recent work includes Beth Rowley's "Little Dreamer", Stephen Duffy's "Runout Groove", and Julian Velard's "The Planeteer", Nerina Pallot's "The Graduate", Brazilian superstar Sandy Leah's "Manuscrito", Hind Laroussi's "Crosspop", and forthcoming albums by Julian Velard, British Sea Power, Bauer and Wonderland. Power also has writing and production credits for songs in the Kevin Sampson movie "Powder" due for release in spring 2011. In 2013 were released "Magma" by Selig a German Band from Hamburg (selig.eu)

</doc>
<doc id="21548895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548895" title="Circle Jerks discography">
Circle Jerks discography

This is a comprehensive discography of the Circle Jerks, a California-based punk rock band. As of 2009, the band has released six studio albums, one live album, one compilation and one video album.
Biography.
The Circle Jerks were formed in Southern California in 1979, and originally comprised Keith Morris on vocals, Greg Hetson on guitar, Roger Rogerson on bass and Lucky Lehrer on drums. Their debut album, "Group Sex" was released in 1980 on the Frontier Records label; its 14 songs totaled out at 15 minutes. It featured two songs that Morris had written while in Black Flag (Black Flag claimed the songs were "theirs") and one song Hetson wrote for his previous band, Redd Kross. That same year, the group was one of several California punk bands to be immortalized in the Penelope Spheeris documentary "The Decline of Western Civilization"; live versions of five songs from "Group Sex" appear on the movie's soundtrack.
In 1981, the group signed with IRS Records subsidiary Faulty Products and recorded their second release, "Wild in the Streets", the title track of which is a cover version of a Garland Jeffreys tune. Faulty Products ceased operations several months after the release of the album, forcing Circle Jerks to find their third record deal in as many years. They signed a management deal with War producer/manager Jerry Goldstein's Far Out Productions, and recorded their third album, "Golden Shower of Hits", in 1983, the album was released on Goldstein's LAX label. One of the songs from the album, "Coup d'État", was used in the soundtrack of Alex Cox's early film "Repo Man", and the band makes an appearance playing an acoustic/lounge version of "When The Shit Hits The Fan". Not long after "Repo Man" had concluded its first-run release schedule, the Circle Jerks experienced its first lineup change, with Rogerson and Lehrer replaced by Earl Liberty and Chuck Biscuits, respectively.
In 1984, Liberty and Biscuits left the Circle Jerks and the band hired Zander Schloss and Keith Clark as Liberty and Biscuits' replacements. The new lineup recorded two more albums before the Circle Jerks split up for the first time in 1990, when Hetson left to tour and record albums with Bad Religion.
A long period of inactivity ended in 1994, when the Circle Jerks reunited and signed a major label deal with Mercury Records, a move that had a few business complications: Hetson was still with Bad Religion, who had signed a long-term contract with Atlantic Records, while Schloss had been part of a band contracted to Interscope. After ironing out these difficulties, the band recorded "Oddities, Abnormalities and Curiosities", released in the summer of 1995, but broke up once again. Reasons for this breakup were essentially the same as they were in 1990.
The Circle Jerks reunited once again in 2001, with a new lineup of Morris on vocals, Hetson on guitar, Schloss on bass and Kevin Fitzgerald on drums, but lapesed into inactivity in 2010. According to Hetson, the Circle Jerks may never release a new studio album in the near future, despite the fact that they released one new song "I'm Gonna Live" on their Myspace in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21548897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548897" title="Cosmos Mercury">
Cosmos Mercury

The Cosmos Mercury was a fourteen-cylinder twin-row air-cooled radial aeroengine. Designed by Roy Fedden of Cosmos Engineering, it was built in the United Kingdom in 1917. It produced 347 horsepower (259 kW). It did not enter production; a large order was cancelled due to the Armistice.
Design and development.
Built at Bristol by Brazil-Straker under the direction of Roy Fedden, the Mercury featured an unusual crankshaft and connecting rod arrangement that dispensed with the more normal design of a single master rod linking to individual rods for each cylinder. It was said to run well without vibration and set an unofficial time to climb record while fitted to a Bristol 21A Scout F.1, the aircraft achieving 10,000 ft (3,000 m) in 5.4 minutes and 20,000 ft (6,000 m) in 16.25 minutes.
An Admiralty order for 200 engines was placed in 1917 but was later cancelled by Lord Weir due to the end of World War I, it is also stated that Lord Weir had a preference for the ABC Dragonfly.
The name was re-used by Fedden for the later nine-cylinder Bristol Mercury radial engine.

</doc>
<doc id="21548899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548899" title="Andaru Dongale">
Andaru Dongale

Andaru Dongale (Telugu: అందరూ దొంగలే) is a 1974 Telugu Comedy film directed by V. B. Rajendra Prasad. It is a remake of 1972 Bollywood film Victoria No. 203. It is a commercial hit film ran for more than 100 days in 3 centers.
Box-office.
The film ran for more than 100 days in Hyderabad, Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam.

</doc>
<doc id="21548900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548900" title="Florida Gators swimming and diving">
Florida Gators swimming and diving

The Florida Gators swimming and diving program represents the University of Florida in the aquatics sports of swimming and diving. The program includes separate men's and women's teams, both of which compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Gators host their home meets in the O'Connell Center Natatorium on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus, and are currently led by head swimming coach Gregg Troy. In the eighty-four-year history of the Gators swimming and diving program, the men have won thirty-five SEC team championships and two NCAA national championships; the Lady Gators have won seventeen SEC team championships and three national championships.
Florida Gators Olympic medalists.
The University of Florida has been represented in every Summer Olympic Games since 1968, and the Gators swimming and diving program has produced over eighty-five athletes who have competed in the Olympics since the program was started. The following is a list of former Florida swimmers, divers and coaches who won a gold (30), silver (18) or bronze (14) medal in a swimming or diving event in the Summer Olympic Games:
For a complete list of all current and former Florida Gators swimmers and divers who were ever members of a national Olympics swimming and diving team, please see "List of University of Florida Olympians."

</doc>
<doc id="21548916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548916" title="François Reichenbach">
François Reichenbach

François Reichenbach (3 July 1921 – 2 February 1993) was a French film director, cinematographer producer and screenwriter. He directed 40 films between 1954 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21548955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21548955" title="Tad Dennis">
Tad Dennis

Tad Dennis, born Timothy Alan Dennis, is a world-class athlete in the men's single slalom canoe division and a current member of the USA Canoe/Kayak National Team. Tad was born on May 28, 1984 in Riverdale, Georgia. He grew up in Peachtree City, Georgia and attended McIntosh High School, graduating in 2002.
Tad began kayking at age 7 and began competing in the sport of whitewater slalom at age 11. From ages 11 to 13 Tad was on the US National Team for the Cadet age group, competing in the solo kayak (K1 men's) division. Tad then switched to the men's single canoe (C1 men's) division at age 14 and was a member of the US National Team for the Junior age group until he was 17. In 2001, Tad placed fourth at the Junior World Cup race in Prague, Czech Republic.
Due to injury, Tad took a four-year-long hiatus from kayaking and started again in the summer of 2006. That August, Tad placed 8th at the US National Championships in Charlotte, North Carolina. The following spring, Tad placed 3rd at the 2007 USA Canoe/Kayak National Team Trials, earning him the third and last place on the US National Team in the men's C1 division. In spring of 2008, Tad placed 3rd at the US Olympic Team Trials at the U.S. National Whitewater Center earning him yet again the last spot on the US Nation Team. His teammate Benn Fraker was selected to represent the United States in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.
In addition to kayaking, Tad works as an air traffic controller at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport.
References.
1 USA Canoe/Kayak
2 Tad Dennis Athlete Biography
3 Results courtesy of International Canoe Federation
4 Tad Dennis's personal webpage

</doc>
<doc id="21549043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549043" title="A New Expression of the Earth">
A New Expression of the Earth

A New Expression of the Earth: the experiences of the European Ceramics Work Centre was the name of an international exhibition of contemporary art held at the Luis Seoane Foundation, A Coruña, Spain, 11 December 1997 – 31 January 1998.
Featured artists.
The exhibition showed the experiences of seventeen artists at the European Ceramics Work Centre after working there during the year 1997. It included works by:

</doc>
<doc id="21549091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549091" title="Kosciuszko's Monument (West Point)">
Kosciuszko's Monument (West Point)

Kościuszko's Monument is a pedestal and statue of Polish General Tadeusz Kościuszko at the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Kościuszko designed the defenses of the West Point garrison from 1778–1780 during the height of the Revolutionary War, when George Washington considered West Point to be the most important military post in America. The pedestal and shaft of the monument was first proposed in 1825 by John Latrobe, and dedicated in 1828. The statue, designed by D. Borja, was later added in 1913.
Kosciuszko, having attended the Royal Knights School in Warsaw and audited classes at the Ecole Militaire, advocated the establishment of an American military school for officers, a subject on which he wrote Jefferson many times. After Jefferson established the academy, General William Davie requested Kosciuszko write the manual, Manoeuvres of Horse Artillery, which became a textbook at the academy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549108" title="Frederick Joseph Laverack">
Frederick Joseph Laverack

Frederick Joseph Laverack (1871 – 11 April 1928) was an English social worker, campaigner for the blind and Liberal Member of Parliament.
Family and education.
Frederick Joseph Laverack was born in Leeds, the younger son of George Laverack, grocer and tea merchant, and Elizabeth Turner. He was educated at St George’s School, Leeds Ranmoor College, Sheffield and privately. He studied the law but did not pursue it as a profession. Laverack married Rose Roberts from Leeds and they had a son and two daughters.
Career.
Laverack qualified as a minister with the Congregational church and had pastorates in Dewsbury, Yorkshire and later in Fulham. His chief social and philanthropic work was in assisting the blind. In 1916 he joined Sir Arthur Pearson the newspaper magnate and campaigner for the blind and organised the Blinded Soldiers’ Children Fund. He undertook the re-organisation of the Chaplain’s Department of the National Institute for the Blind and was sometime Joint Secretary of the Greater London Fund for the Blind. He was a former director and general organiser of the Association for the Promoting the General Welfare of the Blind and was a highly successful fund-raiser for charitable purposes and well known as a speaker and lecturer on social causes. By 1922 he was being described as a business expert and organiser. He was also connected with the fund raising activities of the temperance organisation the Band of Hope Union.
Politics.
Anti Waste League.
The Anti Waste League was founded by Lord Rothermere in 1921 and campaigned for reductions in government spending and taxation. Laverack was a member and was among the first list of candidates announced by the League to fight constituencies in London. Laverack was selected to fight St Pancras North. As a result of the campaign, the anti-waste call was taken up more vigorously inside the Conservative Party and the League was disbanded in 1922. Laverack gravitated to the Liberal Party.
1922-1924.
Laverack was selected as Liberal candidate at the 1922 general election for the Brixton Division of Lambeth. The Anti-Waste League endorsed his candidacy but Laverack could not dislodge the sitting Conservative MP Sir Davison Dalziel. He fought Dalziel again at the 1923 general election and was this time successful. In a straight fight he won Brixton by a majority of 1,405 votes. This position was reversed however at the 1924 general election when Laverack faced Labour as well as Tory opponents. Dalziel was re-elected and Laverack dropped to the foot of the poll behind Labour.
Brixton by-election, 1927.
In 1927 Dalziel was given a peerage and this caused a by-election in Brixton. Laverack was re-selected as Liberal candidate and there again faced a three-cornered contest against Conservative and Labour opponents. The by-election was held on 27 June 1927 and the Conservatives easily retained the seat with 48% of the poll. Lavarack was again in third place behind Labour. This was to prove his last attempt to re-enter Parliament.
Death.
Laverack died from heart disease at his home in Upper Norwood, Surrey on 11 April 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21549137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549137" title="Examining magistrate">
Examining magistrate

In an inquisitorial system of law the examining magistrate or investigating magistrate is a judge who carries out investigations into allegations of criminality and arranges prosecutions.
Origin.
Many European judiciaries are based on the formal methods of the 1804 Napoleonic Code. As early police forces were often unreliable, the practice was to allow anyone to approach an examining magistrate and, on presentation of "prima facie" evidence alone, ask for an official investigation of supposed wrongdoing.
Process.
Provided the examining magistrate is satisfied there is substance to the allegations, the official criminal investigation services gather additional evidence under court supervision.
Differences between investigatory and trial courts.
Unlike the fixed courtrooms used by criminal trial courts which usually operate in public and require proof beyond reasonable doubt, the examining magistrate's court is held "in camera" (secret until finally summarized), is less formal, may visit relevant scenes, ask questions of bystanders or investigators, and relocate where necessary. For example, examining magistrate's courts may function in hospitals, official offices, private premises or even open fields where a site is considered relevant to the acquisition or verification of evidence which may be admissible in the trial court on the basis being relevant merely "on the balance of probability".
Purpose.
The purpose of the examining magistrate is to classify the whole body of evidence as it is acquired, to decide if it is admissible evidence, and to call witnesses, and request the appointment of a prosecutor (often called a "fiscal"). Witnesses may be of two categories:
Conclusion.
Finally the case may be 
Advantages.
One advantage of an examining magistrate evaluating the veracity of evidence is that it provides "equality of arms" since neither investigators nor defendants at trial can with-hold vital evidence with which to be economical with the truth nor or later produce crucial (but untested) allegations or new material with which to mount the sort of ambush litigation made famous by TV courtroom drama series.
Additionally, although the trial evidence verified by the examining magistrate is likely to be comprehensive and extensive, it also seeks to ensure that the trial process is thorough with neither a premature conclusion nor undue delay which might occur by the introduction of extraneous evidential material.
Disadvantages.
The main disadvantage is the length of time the process takes and the high cost, compared to the Anglo-Saxon prosecution procedure, and that, once concluded, and subsequent trial is likely to be long and complicated, although new material is difficult to introduce into the trial process.
Another problem is that, the investigating magistrate's court being held in private, there is apt to be much press speculation as to who said what as each witness is 'called' publicly - this is especially important in many major cases which are the result of investigative journalism. Merely filming arrivals and departures of high -profile witnesses can be construed as defamatory media bias to promote unfair public opinion resulting in trial by media.

</doc>
<doc id="21549139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549139" title="Italyabroad.com">
Italyabroad.com

Italyabroad.com is a company founded by Andrea D’Ercole that sells regional foods and wines from small Italian producers in the United Kingdom. It was profiled in "The Independent", and won nine medals at the Decanter World Wine Awards. Italyabroad.com was shortlisted for the North-East final of the Shell Livewire Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards 2005. Shell Livewire Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21549150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549150" title="Toni Moral">
Toni Moral

Antonio 'Toni' del Moral Segura (born 29 August 1981) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Al Ittihad Kalba in the UAE Arabian Gulf League, usually as a winger.
Football career.
Born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Catalonia, Moral, after appearing with the reserve sides of both FC Barcelona and Real Madrid, moved in the 2004–05 season to Real Club Celta de Vigo in the second division, only to spend the majority of the campaign with its B-team.
From 2006 to 2008, after one year with CD Tenerife, he was an instrumental offensive figure for Deportivo Alavés (both teams also in the second level) and moved, in January 2009 to Racing de Santander, as another forward, Juanjo, was loaned in the opposite direction. Moral made his La Liga debut as a second-half substitute in a 1–0 success at Real Valladolid, on the 4th.
In late August 2010, after two seasons being used sparingly – 18 games and one goal in both campaigns – Moral rescinded his contract with Racing and signed for FC Cartagena in division two. On 11 September he scored twice for his new club, in a 5–1 home win against FC Barcelona B.
Free agent Moral joined another club in the "silver category", Girona FC, for the 2012–13 season. Subsequently, at the age of 32, he moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing with Platanias F.C. in the Superleague Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21549162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549162" title="Swamp Gravy">
Swamp Gravy

Swamp Gravy is Georgia's official folk-life play, but more than that is a community project that has contributed to emotional and economic healing in its community, Colquitt, Georgia.
Story gatherers from the area were charged with the task of recording stories from the community. Once they were gathered, the stories were transcribed and put together in a script by playwright Jo Carson. "Swamp Gravy"[http://www.swampgravy.com] began small, just a one time event performed in the elementary school auditorium. Since then, it has grown into a seasonal run of thirty-two shows annually. A new show premieres each October with new stories from the town. Original music is added by local volunteers to complement the stories.Valerie and Presto
Colquitt was a small town, struggling like many of its kind. Projects like "Swamp Gravy" and the Millennium Mural Project have succeeded in bringing tourism to the area.
The cast consists of 60-80 volunteer actors. Many cast members have been with the project throughout its life.
"Swamp Gravy" has become a national and international model for community theater. Delegates from Colquitt have traveled to nearly 15 states and several foreign nations in order to start other projects of the same kind.
The Arts-Council's flagstaff production, Swamp Gravy, has paved the way for other shows at Cotton Hall Theater including professional productions, variety shows, and youth theater shows.
Professional shows.
December 3, 2003 saw the world premiere of Cotton Hall's first professional production,"A Southern Christmas Carol" with book, music and lyrics by Rob Lauer—who also directed the production. 
"A Southern Christmas Carol" was staged with a cast of 10 professional actors, and received critical raves and was a box-office success. The theater staged it again in both 2004 and 2005. Due to the number of Holiday season tourists coming to Colquitt to see the show, sales at local shops and restaurants reached new highs for the months of November and December.
During the three years that the show was produced at Cotton Hall, a number of professional actor were featured who have since had success on Broadway and in the music industry. Character actor Peter Lewis created the role of 'Old Man Scrooge' in 2003 and repeated it in 2004. Singer and actor Rubin Singleton created the role of 'Tiny' in 2003 and repeated it in 2004 before landing a recording contract and performing with Beyoncé and Josh Groban. Karen Beyer, who also choreographed "Swamp Gravy" and "Christmas Carol", created the role of 'Missionary Lady' before going on to appear as a regular in the Lifetime Channel's series "Army Wives." Actress Marissa McGowen created the role of 'Fan' before going on to star in the Broadway revival of "A Little Night Music." Andrew Frace played 'the Ghost of Christmas Past' in 2004 and went on to appear in the nation tour of Disney's "The Lion King" and then star in the Las Vegas production of the Tony Awarding winning Best music of 2005, "Jersey Boys." Michael Mahany played the role of 'the Ghost of Christmas Past' in 2005 and then went on appear in the original Off Broadway production of "Spring Awakening" and as the male lead in "Disney's High School On Stage," and in the film "Sex In the City 2."Matt Gibson, who played Nephew Fred and Eb in the 2005 production, appeared with Patti LePone in the Tony Award-winning 2008 Broadway revival of "Gypsy."
In the summer of 2004, Rob Lauer directed CMAC's second professional production Smoke on the Mountain[http://www.samuelfrench.com] The show featured Edmund Bagnell, who went on to star in the role of Toby opposite Judy Kaye in the first national tour of the 2005 Broadway revival of "Sweeney Todd."
In the summer of 2005, Rob Lauer wrote, designed and directed a new dramatization of "Huckleberry Finn" with music by Peter Lewis, and starring Edmung Bagnell. 
In 2006, after Rob Lauer's departure as Artistic Director, Richard Geer, of Community Performance Inc. went on to direct two more professional productions "Gospel of the Rock" and "Swamp Gravy Songbook." These plays were penned by Jules Corriere. 
"Gospel of the Rock" told the story of the Anglin brothers- two of the only men ever thought to have escaped Alcatraz prison. Clarence and J.W. Anglin were good boys who just managed to find trouble. After escaping several smaller jails, and robbing an Alabama bank with a water gun, the brothers were sentenced to time in Alcatraz. Gospel of the Rock featured a cast of both locals and professional actors from Georgia and South Carolina. Three of the five cast members were Colquitt natives- one a state patrol man, one a farmer, and the other—a teacher.
"Swamp Gravy Songbook" told a story of two families struggling to survive in a drought plagued area of farmland. The families, one black and one white, are forced to work together in order to live. This script was built around the catalog of songs written over the years from "Swamp Gravy." The show featured mainly local actors.
In place of "Southern Christmas Carol", December 2006 saw the premiere of "Cotton Hall Christmas", another show written by Corriere. "Cotton Hall Christmas" followed a format similar to "Swamp Gravy", putting stories from the community together to make the play.
May-Haw.
May-Haw [http://www.swampgravy.com/index.cfm/id:22], Colquitt's own variety show, showcases local musical talent as well as the humor of volunteer cast members. The production began in 2005 as a fundraiser for "Nuthin' But A Will," the 11th mural to be painted in town as a part of CMAC's Millennium Mural Project, and has since become a staple of the Cotton Hall season. 
The show takes place in the studio of the WMHAW Radio Station, with hosts Floyd B. Loyd, Queezle Erskin, and Marvin Spitznargle. The motley trio grounds the show in a firm foundation of funny. They are assisted in their joke telling by a cast of volunteer comedians who are specially trained to tell the corniest jokes they know! Whereas "Swamp Gravy" generally boasts an audience of "out-of-towners," May-Haw is more of a local favorite. 
As of 2010, "May-Haw" has continued to fund portions of the Millennium Mural Project, as well as contributing to the Youth Theater and other projects. May-Haw consistently plays to sold out crowds, and is one of the Arts-Council's most successful shows. "May-Haw" is now performed twice a year, in April and January. The April performances are scheduled to coincide with the National Mayhaw Festival.
CMAC Youth.
The CMAC Youth Theater was begun in the summer of 2007. Its first production, Peter Pan, was directed by high school sophomore Will Murdock. The show boasted a cast of fifty volunteer actors ranging in age from five years old to adult. Since, the Youth Theater had produced Bridge to TerabithiaWilly Wonka, Christmastime at the Circus Marvello [http://www.swampgravy.com/youth_theater.php, and most recently Alice in Wonderland. 
Two-thousand and eight was a full year for the CMAC Youth Theater. "Bridge to Terabithia" was staged in the InterACT Building, a facility owned by the Arts-Council that was not in use at the time. Curtains, stages, chairs, and lighting were added to the empty building to create the temporary theater. The show opened in February, just prior to the Spring season of "Swamp Gravy."
Later that year, in June, "Willy Wonka" hit the stage. It was also directed by Murdock, with Susanne Reynolds and Preston Messer assisting. This show also boasted a large cast of more than fifty. 
December ushered in a third youth theater show for 2008. "Christmastime at the Circus Marvello" was written for Cotton Hall by Will Murdock. "Marvello" told the journey of seven runaway orphans as they try to put together a "traditional old fashioned Christmas." Along the way they are antagonized by a brooding and lonely widow, the police, and an unusually aggressive turkey.
"Alice in Wonderland" was the fifth production for the CMAC Youth Theater in 2009. The 2010 Youth Theater Production will be James and the Giant Peach. It will be staged in Cotton Hall the last weekend of June. For more information about the CMAC Youth Theater, go to www.swampgravy.com

</doc>
<doc id="21549180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549180" title="Kirk Schulz">
Kirk Schulz

Kirk Herman Schulz (born May 11, 1963) is an American educator and 13th president of Kansas State University.
Biography.
Schulz was born in Portsmouth, Virginia but raised in Norfolk, Virginia. He graduated in 1981 from Norfolk Christian High School. Schulz attended Old Dominion University for three years before transferring to Virginia Tech in 1984. He received his B.S. in chemical engineering from Virginia Tech in 1986 and his Ph.D. in 1991.
Schulz first worked as an assistant professor of chemical engineering at the University of North Dakota. In 1995, he became assistant professor of chemical engineering at Michigan Tech and promoted to associate professor in 1998. Schulz also became chair of the Department of Chemical Engineering there in the same year.
He accepted a position at Mississippi State University in 2001, becoming director of the Dave C. Swalm School of Chemical Engineering, where he held the Earnest W. Deavenport Jr. endowed chair. Schulz became Dean of Engineering of the James Worth Bagley College of Engineering and the first Earnest W. and Mary Ann Deavenport, Jr. endowed chair in 2005. Two years later, Schulz was Interim Vice President for Research and Economic Development, a position which became permanent for him later in the year.
On February 11, 2009, the Kansas Board of Regents announced that Schulz was selected as the thirteenth president of Kansas State University.
Personal life.
Schulz is married to Noel (Nunnally) Schulz, the associate dean for research and graduate programs in the Kansas State University College of Engineering and the Paslay professor of electrical and computer engineering. Noel received her Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1995. They have two sons, Tim (a student at Mississippi State University) and Andrew.
Professional affiliations.
Schulz is a member of the ABET Engineering Accreditation Commission (EAC) and an active member of AIChE, ASEE, and ABET. He was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in 2007 and a Fellow of the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE) in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21549195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549195" title="Ganglioneuroblastoma">
Ganglioneuroblastoma

Ganglioneuroblastoma is a variant of neuroblastoma that is surrounded by ganglion cells.
It can be difficult to diagnose.
Nodular ganglioneuroblastoma can be divided by prognosis.
Neuroblastic tumors.
It is contained within the "neuroblastic tumors" group, which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="21549206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549206" title="Phase One (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)">
Phase One (Art Ensemble of Chicago album)

Phase One is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris in February 1971. It features Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye performing two side-long pieces dedicated to John Coltrane and Albert Ayler respectively. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states "This is one of the least well-known recordings by the AEC, but it is also one of their most enduring and a true high mark from their Paris period".

</doc>
<doc id="21549213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549213" title="Remittances to India">
Remittances to India

Remittances to India are money transfers from Non-resident Indians (NRIs), employed outside the country to family, friends or relatives in India. India is the world's leading receiver of remittances, claiming more than 12% of the world's remittances in 2007.
Remittances to India stood at $67.6 billion in 2012-13, accounts for over 4% of the country's GDP. This grew to $70 billion in 2013-14, the highest amongst the countries receiving remittances from overseas workers. As per the Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs (MOIA), remittance is received from the approximately 25 million members of the Indian diaspora.
Overview.
Under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) of 1999, Non Resident Indians (NRIs) and Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs) can keep three types of accounts namely, Non-Resident Ordinary Rupee Account (NRO Account), Non-Resident (External) Rupee Account (NRE Account) and Foreign Currency Non Resident (Bank) Account – FCNR (B) Account.
Since 1991, India has experienced sharp remittance growth. In 1991 Indian remittances were valued at 2.1 billion USD; in 2006, they were estimated at between $22 billion and $25.7 billion. which grew to $67.6 billion in 2012-13, up from $66.1 billion the fiscal year, 2011-2012, when the remittance exceed the foreign direct investment(FDI) inflow of $46.84 billion into India.
Money is sent to India either electronically (for example, by SWIFT) or by demand draft. In recent years many banks are offering money transfers and this has grown into a huge business. Around 40% of the international remittances flow to the three states of Kerala, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and Goa which are among the top international remittance-dependent economies of the world. Research work on remittances to India is listed in the India Migration Bibliography.
A 2012 study, by Reserve Bank of India revealed 30.8% of total foreign remittances was from West Asia, compared to 29.4% from North America and 19.5% from Europe.
Remittance by fiscal year.
The following table illustrates the remittances to India as percent of GDP, 1990–1991 to 2005–2010.
1 United States dollar = 62 Indian rupees

</doc>
<doc id="21549238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549238" title="Saro A.33">
Saro A.33

The Saro A.33 was a British prototype flying boat built by Saunders-Roe Limited in response to a British Air Ministry Specification R.2/33 and in competition with the Short Sunderland. 
Design and development.
The A.33 was a four-engined flying-boat with a parasol monospar wing, the wing was supported by two angled N-struts which connected the wing to hull-mounted sponsons. The hull-mounted sponsons were used rather than wing tip floats and were also used as fuel tanks. A Saro Cloud was modified with a monospar wing and sponsons to test the design concepts. The A.33 serial number "K4773" first flew on 14 October 1938. Unfortunately, the A33 prototype was written off after structural failure sustained during high speed taxi trials on 25 October 1938 and development was abandoned. A production contract for eleven aircraft was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="21549243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549243" title="Pets at Home">
Pets at Home

Pets at Home is the UK's largest pet supplies retailer, with more than 370 stores and 6,000 employees. The company sells products including food, toys, bedding, medication and accessories.
History.
The first store was opened in Chester in 1991 by Anthony Preston. In 1999 Pets at Home acquired Petsmart UK bringing a chain of 140 stores under Pets at Home branding. 
In 2007 the 200th store was opened. At the end of 2010 the pet supplier opened its 277th store in the UK. Pets at Home has also started global recognition with two stores opened in Melbourne, Australia. The two stores opened in Australia have been taken over. On 27 January 2010, Pets at Home was sold by Bridgepoint Capital to the US-based investment firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) for around £955 million.
An episode of the BBC consumer affairs television programme Watchdog broadcast on 17 September 2012 included a report on animal and fish welfare conditions at Pets at Home The programme had visited eight stores as part of an investigation which included Mike Jessop, former president of the Small Animal Veterinary Association, and had discovered evidence of mistreatment of small animals, dead fish being left to rot and be eaten in tanks, and sick small animals up for sale. Pets at Home subsequently issued a full response to the claims made in the broadcast.
In March 2014 the company was the subject of an Initial Public Offering.
Operations.
The company's headquarters are located in Handforth, near Wilmslow, Cheshire. The company's main warehouse is located in Stoke and is roughly 160,000 m2. This warehouse supplies the majority of the business and has been expanded on numerous occasions. A second warehouse was opened in June 2011 close to the M1 Motorway near Northampton and is roughly 28,000 m2, significantly smaller than the main warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21549255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549255" title="Intelligence Support Battalion">
Intelligence Support Battalion

The Intelligence Support Battalion (ISB) is the battalion in the United States Marine Corps which provides military intelligence for the Marine Forces Reserve. It is part of the Force Headquarters Group. They have detachments located throughout the United States and Marines from this unit have deployed all over the world in numerous billets supporting the War on Terror.
Mission.
Provide a larger force intelligence capability within the Marine Corps reserves in accordance with the Department of Defense (DoD) initiative to reshape the total force. The ISB provides over 200 new Select Marine Corps Reserve (SMCR) intelligence Marines through three companies of trained intelligence specialists to support Marine Corps Intelligence Activity (MCIA) in DoD Intelligence Production Program (DoDIPP) requirements. During peace time, reservists from the ISB drill at 12 of the 27 Joint Reserve Intelligence Centers (JRICs). During times of contingencies or crises, these Marines can be activated in place, providing reach-back capability, or can be deployed with their active duty counterparts.
Subordinate units.
Each of the lettered companies is broken down into varying numbers of platoons which may include an All Source Fusion Platoon, Intelligence Production Team, Imagery Interpretation Platoon, Signal Intelligence Platoon, Human Intelligence Platoon and Counter-Intelligence Platoon.
History.
On 23 December 2004, the Marine Corps published MCBUL 5400 and officially established ISB as an operational unit. For this to occur, the Marine Corps created 286 new Active Component, Active Reserve (AR), and Reserve Component intelligence billets and added them to the original 161 Reserve Component billets, resulting in a completely transformed intelligence organization of 459 Marines.
Since its operational establishment, ISB has provided intelligence production support to a variety of customers throughout the Intelligence Community (IC) and supported numerous operational manning requirements overseas with intelligence analysts, Ground Sensor Marines, and Counterintelligence/Human Source Intelligence (CI/HUMINT) Marines.
ISB maintains twelve General Military Intelligence (GMI) production elements at Joint Reserve Intelligence Centers (JRICs) across the United States, as well as an Imagery Interpretation Platoon (IIP) at Buckley Air Force Base in Colorado. The GMI production elements are aligned for production along the following five geographic divisions: Eurasia, Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="21549285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549285" title="Denny Island (Canada)">
Denny Island (Canada)

Denny Island is an island on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, just east of the community of Bella Bella, aka Waglisla, on Campbell Island. Denny Island is the location of Old Bella Bella, now mainly abandoned but home to Canadian Coast Guard and Fisheries & Oceans bases, and the locality of Shearwater, home to Shearwater Marine. Denny Island has a population of 138. 
Name origin.
"Also Denny Rock, Queen Charlotte Sound. Named c1866 by Captain Pender, after Lieutenant D'Arcy Anthony Denny, commander on this station 1866-68, HM gunboat "Forward", being succeeded in June of the latter year by Lieutenant T.H. Larcom. ("Victoria Colonist", 16 June 1868). Entered the service, 1850; lieutenant, 1858; commanding paddle gunboat ""Coromandel", China, 1864; commander, 1868; served on SE coast of South America in command of gun vessel "Dart", 1872-76; appointed to the Coast Guard service on his return to England, 1876, where he remained until his death in 1883."

</doc>
<doc id="21549300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549300" title="The Milk of Sorrow">
The Milk of Sorrow

The Milk of Sorrow (, The frightened teat) is a 2009 film by Peruvian director Claudia Llosa and co-produced by Peru and Spain. The film stars Magaly Solier, and addresses the fears of abused women during Peru's recent history. It won the 2009 Golden Bear award and FIPRESCI prize at the Berlin International Film Festival, as well as the award for best movie in the 24 Festival Internacional de Cine de Guadalajara in Mexico. It was nominated for the 82nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, becoming the first Peruvian film to be nominated for the award.
Plot.
Fausta is suffering from a rare disease called the Milk of Sorrow, which is transmitted through the breast milk of pregnant women who were abused or raped (in times of terrorism, in Peru) during or soon after pregnancy. While living in constant fear and confusion due to this "disease", she must face the sudden death of her mother. She chooses to take drastic measures to not follow in her mother's footsteps.
Background.
Between 1980 and 1992 Peru experienced a period of very hard violence, particularly in the Andean region, because of the uprising of the Maoist group Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path) and the actions of the paramilitary and state armed forces. By 1990 the conflict finally reached Lima, the capital city of Peru. Claudia Llosa refers in her film to the folk belief that the trauma experienced by women who were raped by members of security force was passed on to their children through the milk from their breasts. Thus, this period of violence continues to affect not only those who experienced it, but also the next generation.
Llosa's work is a psychological as well as sociological approach to the 12 years of conflict, and is critical of the mass rapes used by the army as a strategy of war. The film is based on the book "Entre Prójimos" by Kimberly Theidon. In her book, Theidon documents a number of testimonies from women who were raped by as many as thirty men at a time, atrocities that often resulted in pregnancies. Theidon states that "when survivors of sexual violence speak about their experiences, they place a responsibility on their listeners to respond to what they have heard." Llosa's film, too, is an attempt to respond to such testimonies.
Filming.
Most of the filming locations are set in Manchay, an impoverished suburban area in Pachacamac, south-east of Lima, that indigenous people invaded during the 1980s to escape from terrorism, and next to a high-class area from Lima, Cieneguilla.
Critical reception.
The film received positive reviews, having an 80% certified "fresh" in Rotten Tomatoes and a critical consensus of:"Claudia Llosa's deliberate pace and abstract storytelling may frustrate some viewers, but there's no denying the visual pleasures soaking in "The Milk of Sorrow""; Peter Brunette, from "Hollywood Reporter", said "The film is gorgeously shot and contains a plethora of haunting images". Boyd van Hoeij from "Variety" said that "Peruvian realities and Llosa's light magical realism mesh to create a vivid picture of a society and its problems."
While some Peruvian critics gave the movie negative reviews, the plot and performance were praised by American and European critics.

</doc>
<doc id="21549340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549340" title="Lintner">
Lintner

Lintner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21549362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549362" title="Ada (name)">
Ada (name)

Ada is a feminine given name. One source indicates it originates from a Germanic word meaning "nobility". It can also be a short form of names such as "Adelaide" and "Adeline". The name also traces to Hebrew origin, sometimes spelt "Adah" - עָדָה, meaning "
The name has seen a slight increase in popularity in the United States in recent years, where it was the 646th most common name given to baby girls born there in 2007. It had been among the top 100 names for girls in the United States between 1880 and 1912 and remained in the top 1,000 names for girls until 1985. It first reappeared among the top 1,000 names for girls in 2004, after a 19 year absence. Finnish variant Aada was among the top ten most popular names given to newborn girls in Finland in 2013. The name is also commonly used in Norway, where it was the 66th most popular name for girls born in 2007. 
Its increase in popularity has been attributed to the popularity of other "simple, old-fashioned names beginning with a vowel" such as Ava and Ella Some of its popularity might also be attributed to Ada, Countess of Lovelace, the daughter of George Gordon, Lord Byron, who has been called the first computer programmer by some historians. Ada, a computer programming language, was named in her honor. St. Ada was also the name of an early saint and of several medieval queens and princesses.

</doc>
<doc id="21549375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549375" title="Andre Tillman">
Andre Tillman

Andre Tillman (born November 1, 1952 in Dallas, Texas) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the second round of the 1974 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas Tech.

</doc>
<doc id="21549377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549377" title="Ed Meyer (American football)">
Ed Meyer (American football)

Clarence Edwin Meyer (born October 17, 1936 in Shidler, Oklahoma) is a former American football player. An offensive tackle and guard, he played professionally in the American Football League for the Buffalo Bills. He was drafted by the New York Titans, and signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League before going to Buffalo. Meyer played college football at West Texas State, and played in the Tangerine Bowl and the Copper Bowl All-Star Game while there. He was inducted into the West Texas A&M Hall of Champions in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21549378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549378" title="Horace Jones (American football)">
Horace Jones (American football)

Horace Arthur Jones (born July 31, 1949 in Pensacola, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for six seasons for the Oakland Raiders and the Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="21549406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549406" title="Kasongo">
Kasongo

Kasongo, also known as Piani Kasongo, is a town and Territory, located in Maniema Province of the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Geography.
Kasongo lies east of the Lualaba River, northwest of its confluence with the Luama River, at an altitude of 2188 ft (666 m). Kasongos population is approximately 63,000. 
The town is served by Kasongo Airport. Kasongo is connected to the provincial capital Kindu by the 150 mile 'Kasongo Road', however the journey takes two days due to the roads poor state.
Kasongo is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kasongo 
History.
Kasongo and its inhabitants were severely affected by the Second Congo War, and the CARE and Concern Worldwide NGO's are active in the area. A trading post was established at Kasongo in 1875 by Tippu Tip, an Afro-Arab trader. The town was visited by Henry Morton Stanley sometime between 1879 and 1884, on his third expedition.
The territory was at the centre of the 1892-1894 war in the Eastern Congo and the Batetela Revolt in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="21549439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549439" title="Hamiltonian spite">
Hamiltonian spite

Within the field of social evolution, Hamiltonian spite is a term for behaviours occurring among conspecifics that have a cost for the actor and a negative impact upon the recipient. 
Theories on altruism and spitefulness.
W. D. Hamilton published an influential paper on altruism in 1964 to explain why genetic kin tend to help each other. He argued that genetically related individuals are likely to carry the copies of the same alleles; thus, helping kin may ensure that copies of the actors' alleles pass into next generations. 
While this became a widely accepted idea, it was less noted that Hamilton published a later paper that modified this view. This paper argues that by measuring the genetic relatedness between any two (randomly chosen) individuals of a population several times, we can identify an average level of relatedness. Theoretical models predict that (1) it is adaptive for an individual to be altruistic to any other individuals that are more closely related to it than this average level, and also that (2) it is adaptive for an individual to be spiteful against any other individuals that are less closely related to it than this average level. The indirect adaptive benefits of such acts can surpass certain costs of the act (either helpful or harmful) itself. Hamilton mentioned birds and fishes exhibiting infanticide (more specifically: ovicide) as examples for such behaviours.
Briefly, an individual can increase the chance of its genetic alleles to be passed to the next generations either by helping those that are more closely related, or by harming those that are less closely related than relationship by chance.
Doubts about the adaptive nature of spiteful behaviour.
Though altruism and spitefulness appear to be two sides of the same coin, the latter is less accepted among evolutionary biologists. 
First, unlike the case with the beneficiary of an altruistic act, targets of aggression are likely to act in revenge: bites will provoke bites. Thus harming non-kin may be more costly than helping kins.
Second, presuming a panmictic population, the vast majority of pairs of individuals exhibit a roughly average level of relatedness. For a given individual, the majority of others are not worth helping or harming. While it is easy to identify the few most closely related ones (see: kin recognition), it is hard to identify the most genetically distant ones. 
Most terrestrial vertebrates exhibit a certain degree of site fidelity, so levels of kinship tend to correlate negatively with spatial distance. While this may provide some cues to identify the least related individuals, it may also ensure that non-kin rarely if ever meet each other.
Spiteful behaviour in animals.
Infanticide.
Many animal species exhibit infanticide, i.e. adults tend to kill the eggs or the offspring of conspecifics, even if they do not feed on them (in the absence of cannibalism). This form of spitefulness is relatively free from the threat of revenge – provided that the parents and relatives of the target are either weak or far away. Infanticide may not be a form of spite as in many cases the loss of offspring to the female brings it back into estrous providing a mating advantage to an infanticidal male. This is seen in lions. 
Aggression by means of pathogens.
An individual carrying a long-lasting infection of virulent pathogens may benefit from (1) channelling the flow of pathogens from its own body away from its kin and (2) directing them toward non-kin conspecifics. The adaptive nature of this behaviour has been supported by the analysis of theoretical models and also by the analyses of the behavioural repertoire of different animal species. Thus, tuberculosis-infected European badgers and rabies-infected dogs equally tend to emigrate from their natal ranges before starting to distribute the pathogens. Similarly, wild herds of Asian elephants tend to defecate into drinkwater holes apparently to keep rival herds away.
Spiteful behaviour in humans.
Wartime infanticide.
Throughout human history, war often emerges as a costly form of aggression typically targeting the non-kin enemy. Naturally, most wars appear to be motivated by potential benefits other than the genetic. Nevertheless, the widespread occurrence of rape and infanticide during periods of war indicates Hamiltonian elements as well. Infanticide is a biologically spiteful action in that it costs the killer time and energy, and opens the killer to the threat of revenge, without any direct compensating benefits. Rape, by contrast, is not, in the strict definition of the word, biologically spiteful as it is likely to have a direct fitness increase on the rapist (by increasing his number of direct descendants in the next generation, should the victim fall pregnant).
Economy.
It was recently suggested that spiteful motivations may also play a role in economic decisions.
Aggression by means of pathogens.
Moreover, another paper argues that the motivation for biological aggression – i.e. using pathogens as weapons – is an inherent and common aspect of the human behavioural repertoire. This argument contradicts the widespread belief that biological weapons are rare and aberrant tools of warfare and it is supported by the following observations: 

</doc>
<doc id="21549447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549447" title="Stanisław Dąmbski">
Stanisław Dąmbski

Stanisław Kazimierz Dąmbski (or Dąbski) (born about 1638; died 15 December 1700 in Kraków), was bishop of Krakow, Kujawy, Płock, Łuck and Chełm, all in Poland.
Life.
Dąmbski was the second son of Adam Dąmbski, "hrabia" (count) in Lubańiec, castellan of Słońsk (died 1660), and Elżbieta Jemielska of Jemielna. The Dąmbskis, an ancient noble family of Inowrocław and Brzesc Kujawski, used the Godziemba coat of arms.
After graduating from the Krakow Academy, Dąmbski served as secretary to King Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki. In 1673 Dąmbski became bishop of Chełm, and in 1676 was appointed bishop of Łuck. By 1682 he was bishop of Płock, and in 1692 became bishop of Kujawy.
These ecclesiatic positions provided Dąmbski with immense wealth. He donated to the Wawel Cathedral a monstrance studded with precious stones, which remains in the cathedral treasury. He renovated sumptuously a number of churches, founded the Jesuit school in Toruń, constructed the cathedral in Łuck, and in 1693 built the Dąmbski Palace in Toruń, which features a fine Baroque facade. He also bought the manor of Kaczkowo (including eight villages), in Inowrocław county, in 1670, where he built a summer palace. Between 1679 and 1681, he acquired lands near Iłów comprising one town and 10 villages, in the counties of Gostynin and Sochaczew.
Political life.
Dąmbski was an active participant in Poland's political life. When elections to select a new king were held in 1674, Dąmbski was a leader of the anti-French faction, throwing his support to hetman Jan Sobieski, who ascended the throne as Jan III. Jan III died in 1696.
Dąmbski played a key role in the subsequent royal election, which has been described as "one of the most dismal episodes in Polish parliamentary history." Dąmbski initially backed election of the late king's son, Jakub Sobieski. However, Jakub Sobieski was in Silesia at the time of his father's death, and was immediately seized by Saxon troops. Dąmbski became a leader among supporters of the Russian-backed candidate, Friedrich August, Elector of Saxony. Despite enormous bribes paid by the Elector and his backers, the Elector's Protestantism aroused suspicions among the Polish nobles. Although the Elector promised to convert to Roman Catholicism, on 27 June 1697, the Polish nobility elected the French candidate, the Prince de Conti, and the Primate proclaimed Conti king.
Nevertheless, that same evening a group of dissenters—led by Dąmbski—held a second vote. In the absence of the Primate, who had not returned to the election field, Dąmbski proclaimed the Elector to be king. The Elector immediately invaded. On September 15, in the Wawel Cathedral in Krakow, Dąbski crowned the Elector king as August II of Poland. It was the first time that a deceased monarch's son had not been elected to succeed him; that the rightful candidate had been debarred from the throne by military force; and that the Poles had acquired a German king, which went against a long tradition of keeping German hegemony at arm's length." A grateful King August II nominated Dąmbski to be bishop of Krakow on 30 March 1700. However, before Dąmbski could be installed, he died suddenly. He was buried in the Saints Peter and Paul Church, in Krakow.

</doc>
<doc id="21549462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549462" title="George Mason VI">
George Mason VI

George Mason VI (August 11, 1786 - August 21, 1834) was a prominent Virginia planter. Mason was the eldest son of planter and businessman George Mason V and grandson of United States patriot, statesman, and delegate from Virginia to the United States Constitutional Convention, George Mason.
Early life.
Born on 11 August 1786 in Fairfax County, Virginia, Mason was the eldest son of George Mason V and his wife Elizabeth "Betsey" Mary Ann Barnes Hooe.
Estates.
Mason inherited Gunston Hall and by 1825, he had also acquired the Fairfax family seat of Mount Eagle.
Marriages and children.
George married his cousin Elizabeth Thomson Mason, daughter of Thomson Mason and Sarah McCarty Chichester, on 17 February 1813. George and Elizabeth had six children:
Elizabeth died on 2 September 1821. Two years later on 2 January 1823, George married for a second time to Eleanor Ann Clifton Patton, daughter of Robert Patton, Jr. and Ann Clifton Reeder, in Washington, D.C. George and Eleanor had one son:
Later life.
George died on 21 August 1834 at Gunston Hall at the age of 48. Both George and his second wife Eleanor are buried in the Mason family graveyard at Gunston Hall.
His widow Eleanor was the last member of the Mason family to inhabit Gunston Hall. She was later the subject of a lawsuit brought against her by George Mason of Hollin Hall which resulted in the Gunston Hall tract being sold at public auction to relative George Mason Graham on 9 February 1842. Eleanor was given the right to live there for her lifetime. She and Graham sold the property in 1866.
Relations.
George Mason VI was a grandson of George Mason (1725–1792); son of George Mason V (1753–1796); brother of Richard Barnes Mason (1797–1850); grandnephew of Thomson Mason (1733–1785); first cousin once removed of Stevens Thomson Mason (1760–1803), John Thomson Mason (1765–1824), and William Temple Thomson Mason (1782–1862); first cousin of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838) and James Murray Mason (1798–1871); second cousin of Armistead Thomson Mason (1787–1819), John Thomson Mason (1787–1850), and John Thomson Mason, Jr. (1815–1873); and second cousin once removed of Stevens T. Mason (1811–1843).

</doc>
<doc id="21549468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549468" title="Ylva">
Ylva

Ylva (She-wolf, female Wolf) is an old Swedish female given name. It is the female form of the masculine given name Ulf and is one of the earliest names to appear in documents. The oldest written proof of the name's occurrence in Sweden was Ingrid Ylva, the mother of Birger Magnusson von Bjälbo from about 1200.
Fiction.
The name has increased in popularity and become internationally better known because of the mother of Vicky the Viking. Ylva is also a character in "The Long Ships" or "Red Orm" (original Swedish "Röde Orm") by Frans Gunnar Bengtsson.
Other uses.
Ylva is also a type of sailing ship (see :da:Ylva).
Sources.
This article is based on a translation of the German Wikipedia article.

</doc>
<doc id="21549471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549471" title="Eileen Favorite">
Eileen Favorite

Eileen Favorite (born September 10, 1964, Chicago) is an American writer and teacher and living in Chicago, Illinois. She received a B.A. in English with a French concentration from the University of Illinois, Urbana. In 1999, she received an MFA in writing from the School of the Art Institute Chicago.
Novel.
Favorite's first novel, "The Heroines", was published in 2007 by Scribner. It has been translated into Italian, Korean, Russian (in press), and Finnish. "The Rocky Mountain News" called "The Heroines" one of the best debut novels of 2008, and the audio version was nominated for best audio recording of 2008 by "Booklist".
Other works.
Her poems and essays have also appeared in "Poetry East, The Chicago Reader, Rhino, Midnight Mind" and have aired on Chicago Public Radio (WBEZ). She's received Illinois Arts Council Fellowships in both poetry and prose.

</doc>
<doc id="21549491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549491" title="Murzuq Desert">
Murzuq Desert

Murzuq Desert, Idehan Murzuq, Idhan Murzuq, (also Murzaq, Murzuk, and Murzak), is a primarily erg desert in southwestern Libya. It is considered part of the Sahara desert complex, although it is separated from the southern Sahara by the Tibesti Mountains and the Tassili n'Ajjer.
Sand Sea.
This detailed astronaut photograph, taken from low earth orbit, shows classic large and small sand masses of the central Sahara Desert, where wind is a more powerful land-shaping agent than water. “Draa” dunes (from the Arabic for “arm”) are very large masses of sand, and they appear here as the broad network of yellow-orange sand masses, with smooth-floored, almost sand-free basins between them. These sand masses lie in the western part of Libya's vast Marzuq Sand Sea (centered at ). Geologists think that the draa of the Marzuq were probably formed by winds different from the prevailing north-northeast winds of today.
Numerous smaller dunes have developed on the backs of the draa. Three distinct dune types are visible: longitudinal dunes, which are more or less parallel with the north winds; transverse dunes, which are usually more curved and formed at right angles to the wind; and star dunes, in which several linear arms converge towards a single peak.
The upwind sides of the sand masses appear smoother than the downwind side. Wind is moving sand grains almost all the time. This means that the draa and the dunes are all moving as sand is added on the upwind side and blown off the downwind side. Small sand masses move much faster than large sand masses. The draa are almost stationary, but the smaller dunes move relatively quickly across their backs. When the smaller dunes reach the downwind side of the draa, they are obliterated; their sand is blown across the basins as individual grains. 
Petroleum.
Since oil exploration began in 1957, eleven oil fields have been discovered in the Murzuq Basin. Two of the fields are considered giants, and altogether there are more than 2 billion barrels of oil in reserves under the desert there.

</doc>
<doc id="21549502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549502" title="2006 SAP Open – Singles">
2006 SAP Open – Singles

Andy Roddick was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to eventual champion Andy Murray.
Murray defeated Lleyton Hewitt 2–6, 6–1, 7–6(7–3), to become 2006 SAP Open Champion, and claim his first ever ATP Tour title.

</doc>
<doc id="21549503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549503" title="The Enchanting Shadow">
The Enchanting Shadow

The Enchanting Shadow (, translit. Ching nu yu hun) is a 1960 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han-hsiang. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 33rd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. 

</doc>
<doc id="21549507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549507" title="Army of Zero">
Army of Zero

Army of Zero is a puzzle and two-player card game, published by Point Zero Games. "Army of Zero" is both a card game and an armchair treasure hunt, similar in concept to "Masquerade" and "The Key To The Kingdom". A cash prize was on offer to the person who could provide the best solution to the puzzle. Army of Zero was launched at Toy Fair 2009, held at ExCeL London in January 2009.
The game includes two six-sided dice and a deck of ninety-nine cards. The cards are made up of eighty-four character cards, eight attack/defend cards, six cards defining the rules and one card which acts as an entry form into the puzzle competition.
Card game.
The cards can be used to play a two-player game. Each player receives ten character cards, dealt at random. In each round, both players put forward one of their characters, and these two characters battle each other. In each round of combat, each player can choose to attack or defend, but no character can attack for more than two rounds in a row. Players can gain an advantage by successfully predicting whether their opponent will attack or defend.
The outcome of each round is determined by the rolling of six-sided dice and adding the appropriate character statistics. Each character card has four statistics: speed, combat, weapon and armour. Each of these is an integer number, and each can range between -2 and +2.
The statistics used to resolve combat depend on whether each player chose to attack or defend. When a character is defeated, he or she is out of the game. When all ten of a player's characters are defeated, the other player is the winner.
Characters and puzzle.
Army of Zero has eighty-four character cards, depicting a series of odd fantasy characters. Each character is depicted as belonging to a particular "clan", each clan being named after an animal. The character designs are representative of the clans, so for example, the members of the Bat clan are all vampiric in appearance. Each character also has a name and a rank, or title. Each character's name is unique, but there are only five ranks; "Thegn", "Guardian", "Commander", "General" and "Lord".
The design of the eighty-four character cards includes a series of interconnected puzzles. The objective is to work out what the objective of the puzzle is, to solve it, and to submit the answer to Point Zero Games. A prize of £1,000 was on offer to the person providing the best solution by the closing date of April 30, 2010.
The puzzle was solved by Tim Pickup. The objective was to discover the identity of an implied missing character, General Voleda of the Crocodile Clan. Solving the puzzle required all eighty-four character cards, and part of the solution was related to arranging the cards in a particular configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="21549511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549511" title="Unicorn Grocery">
Unicorn Grocery

Unicorn Grocery is a co-operative grocery store located in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester, England. As a workers co-op, it is controlled democratically by its member/owners, who run the business with a flat management structure and with an equal rate of pay. Ethics form the foundations of the business, and Unicorn's Principles of Purpose are the framework within which the business operates.
Unicorn is closely connected to local sister company Glebelands Market Garden in Sale and owns of peri-urban growing land at Glazebury, Cheshire. It sells fresh, dried and processed food and drink, much of it organic and with a focus on local and Fairtrade sourcing, as well as household, bodycare and general grocery items. Keeping prices in line with the supermarkets, Unicorn is one of the largest independent wholefood groceries in the UK and has an annual turnover of around £5 million. During 2008 it won two national awards, named BBC Radio's 'Best Local Food Retailer' and The Observer Food Monthly's 'Best Independent Retailer'
Business model and structure.
Unicorn is based on a model devised by Roger Sawtell, former chair of the Industrial Common Ownership Movement (ICOM), a co-operative federation that now forms part of Co-operatives UK. Roger has written at length on co-operative structure and employee participation and his model was first put into practice at Daily Bread Co-operative, a workers co-op in Northampton (now with a sister branch in Cambridge) . The idea to set up a similar company in Manchester came about in 1994, based on the experiences of Adam York, who had worked in the Northampton shop.
The model revolves around direct, often bulk purchasing (directly from manufacturers rather than distributors), on-site processing to add value, and competitive margins and pricing, matching supermarket prices.
Unicorn is based on the core principles of co-operative organisation, in that is that the business is owned and democratically run by its employees, (the membership of the co-op), and they are the people who receive profits or other benefits generated by the business. There are no outside shareholders, executives or owners.
The co-op is almost completely 'fully mutual', i.e. all staff are members of the co-operative. The exception being that between 5 and 10% of hours needed can be performed by 'casual' staff. Experiments with a third level of non-member 'shop assistants' proved unsuitable for the co-op.
Unicorn today.
The business occupies a site (including large storage and office space), has a turnover of around £5 million, and employs around 55 co-op members plus casual staff. It sells unpackaged organic fruit and vegetables, basic dried ingredients, prepared foods, chilled and delicatessen goods, organic bread and alcohol and environmentally friendly body and household products. All are sourced with the shop's principles in mind, with a focus on local, organic and fair-trade. As well as groceries, the shop provides a kids play area, information about the products and what to do with them, and a 'Green Roof'.
In 2007 Unicorn members became land owners, purchasing of growing land from the shop in Glazebury, Cheshire, once again using loanstock to finance the purchase. Designed to improve and secure the shops's regional fresh supply, the land will be used to grow vegetables organically, for sale in the shop, cutting food miles significantly.
History.
From an original working group of two people, the shop opened on September 21, 1996 with a working group of four members plus volunteers. Financial support and advice came from sources including the Industrial Common Ownership Finance Ltd (ICOF) Co-op Finance Team, a Triodos Bank loan and loanstock (a form of fixed term bond raised from supporters and potential customers). Turnover began at £4000 per year and reached £4 million by 2007. This was matched by growth in staff, reaching a high of 51 in 2007.
Having rented the site for 7 years, Unicorn faced closure in 2003 when owners 'Town and Country' decided to sell the site. Using £100,000 of loanstock bonds raised in a week a mortgage from Triodos bank, and additional funding from ICOF, Co-operative Action and Triodos Bank's Inspiring Change Scheme Unicorn raised the £1 million needed and bought the building.
Growth has necessitated organisational changes within the co-op, the most significant being the creation of a 'representative structure', a departure from all members attending the fortnightly members decision-making meetings. After the group swelled beyond 15 people, members divided into teams, and individual co-op members are now represented by 'team overviews' at fortnightly 'forum' meetings.
Principles.
Unicorn operate within a set of guidelines, known as its 'Statement of Purpose':

</doc>
<doc id="21549532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549532" title="One Man's Junk">
One Man's Junk

One Man's Junk (also known as 'Antique No Show') is an episode of the BBC Sit-com, The Green Green Grass. It was screened on 26 February 2009, as the eighth episode of the fourth series.
Synopsis.
The Antiques Roadshow arrives in Oakham, so Marlene attempts to find something to take down to have valued. Boycie can see the truth though, he knows that she only wants to go down there to get on telly. The farms staff also want to get on telly, but their attempts are slightly more extraordinary. Meanwhile, Tyler and his girlfriend make progress and the rest of Oakham attempt to find something to take down and have valued. Guest starring Fiona Bruce.
Production, Broadcast and Reception.
Broadcast.
This episode was first broadcast on Thursday 26 February 2009 at approximately 20:30PM (GMT).
DVD release.
The UK DVD has not been released yet. When released, it is expected to include all nine episodes from the fourth series

</doc>
<doc id="21549539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549539" title="For Richer For Poorer">
For Richer For Poorer

For Richer For Poorer is an episode of the BBC Sit-com, The Green Green Grass. It was screened on 5 March 2009, as the last episode of the fourth series and the last episode of the entire programme.
Synopsis.
Boycie and Marlene have been married for nearly forty years so Marlene is planning a huge party to celebrate their Ruby wedding anniversary. A marquee and caterers have been booked, the flowers are being organised and a band has been booked to play their song – ‘What’s New Pussy Cat’. Meanwhile, the guest list has grown to an enormous length and Marlene has contacted their old Peckham solicitor but he has some bad news, something that might just affect her relationship with Boycie, they were never married!
Production, broadcast and reception.
Broadcast.
Broadcast on 5 March 2009 on BBC1 at 8:30pm.
DVD release.
The UK DVD has not been released yet.
Writer and cast.
This episode was written by Gary Lawson and John Phelps.

</doc>
<doc id="21549544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549544" title="Hymenophyton flabellatum">
Hymenophyton flabellatum

Hymenophyton flabellatum is a species of the order Metzgeriales (liverworts), one of perhaps several species in the genus "Hymenophyton".

</doc>
<doc id="21549558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549558" title="Kayts Electoral District">
Kayts Electoral District

Kayts Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the island of Kayts in Jaffna District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Kayts electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Kayts continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
V. A. Kandiah died on 4 June 1963.
1963 Parliamentary By-Election.
Results of the parliamentary by-election held in August 1963:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
K. P. Ratnam and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Ratnam forfeited his seat in Parliament on 22 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21549560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549560" title="Chinatown massacre">
Chinatown massacre

Chinatown massacre can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21549565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21549565" title="MOK">
MOK

Tarkan Karaalioglu (born 21 September 1976) better known as MOK, is a German rapper of Turkish descent. His name "MOK" means "Muzik oder Knast" ("Muzic or Jail"). It was awarded to him by Berlin hip hopper Maxim. He is a member of rap crew Die Sekte. He got his own label at Sony BMG called Yo!Musix.
MOK is well known for his controversies with other German rappers, including Bushido, Kool Savas, and Farid Bang. During his career he released many diss tracks, but they did not receive much attention, so the others did not respond.
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Berlin-Neukölln. MOK later joined the crew NHS. In 1994 he met the group Berlin Crime and he became a member of the crew. 1995 he left the crew and started again with graffiti.
His first rap tries were with ASEK of Kaosloge. At that time he met Mach One of Bassboxxx. MOK, Mach One and Tony D decide to record a track together and they formed the group "Die Echten".
Prison.
On 12 September 2002, while recording his first album "Neuköln Hustler", MOK was arrested by the Berlin police for gang activities and carrying a gun. Three months later he was transferred at Bayern, where he waited eighteen months for his trial. He was sentenced to five years and six months. He was first held in the JVA Tegel in Berlin, but with the help of Aggro Berlin he was transferred to the open prison in Berlin-Plötzensee.

</doc>
