<doc id="21412104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412104" title="My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy">
My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy

My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy is an autobiography written by Nancy Cartwright. First published in September 2000 by Hyperion, it details Cartwright's career, particularly her experiences as the voice of Bart Simpson on "The Simpsons" and contains insights on the show, diary entries and anecdotes about her encounters with various guest stars.
Critics commented that the book seemed to be aimed at fans of "The Simpsons" rather than a more general audience. Other criticisms included the simplicity of the writing and a lack of interesting stories. In 2004, Cartwright adapted the book into a one-woman show, which she has performed all over the world, including at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Background.
In the opening chapter, Cartwright writes "About five years ago I decided I wanted to write this book. I knew that "The Simpsons" would end some day. I decided that I wanted to write it while the show was still on the air." In an interview with "Scotland on Sunday", she added "I wanted to tell my story and I needed to because I get so much fan mail. People are so interested in the whole process, how it all comes together. This book does that." In a 1995 interview, five years before writing the book, Cartwright remarked that she wanted to write a book and that if she did, it would be titled "My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy."
The book contains excerpts from date books and journals that Cartwright had kept over the years. The book was officially announced in January 2000 and Cartwright had originally intended that it be released on October 31.
Content.
"My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy" opens with a dedication to Daws Butler, a list of acknowledgements and a foreword from Cartwright's "The Simpsons" co-star Dan Castellaneta. The first chapter of the book details Cartwright's life and career prior to 1987. In the second chapter, Cartwright recalls the day she went to audition for a role in a series of animated shorts on "The Tracey Ullman Show". The shorts were about a dysfunctional family and Cartwright intended to audition for the role of Lisa Simpson, the eldest daughter. Upon arriving at the audition, she found the role of her brother Bart to be much more interesting. Matt Groening, creator of the shorts, allowed her to audition for Bart, and gave her the job on the spot after hearing her reading. From there, the book contains her experiences as the voice of Bart. After three seasons of shorts, a half-hour spinoff called "The Simpsons" debuted in 1989. In the following chapters, she recalls the early days of "The Simpsons", commenting on the recording process and her co-stars and revealing how she got the roles of some of the other characters she voices, including Nelson Muntz and Ralph Wiggum. In the 15th chapter, she discusses her experiences of voicing a famous character, but rarely being recognized.
Several chapters are devoted to a detailed "behind the scenes" look at how an episode of "The Simpsons" is made, including the writing, recording and animation. "My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy" contains multiple excerpts from Cartwright's diary detailing various events, mostly encounters with "The Simpsons" guest stars. Guest stars she talks about include Ernest Borgnine, Danny DeVito, Kirk Douglas, Mel Gibson, Kelsey Grammer, Tom Jones, Michael Jackson, Mickey Rooney, Meryl Streep and Elizabeth Taylor. One chapter describes the day she found out that Phil Hartman, a frequent guest star on "The Simpsons", was murdered. The final chapter is a retrospective in which she answers the question "what is it like to be the voice behind the star?"
Reception.
"My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy"s original print of 25,000 copies were sold on pre-order in the United Kingdom, with 38,000 copies being sold. Cartwright began a publicity tour in late October 2000, starting in her hometown of Dayton, Ohio, where the book became the top selling non-fiction in the town in the first week of November 2000.
Laura A. Bischoff of the "Dayton Daily News" commented that the book was the "ultimate insider's guide to "The Simpsons"." However, several critics commented that the book was straightforward and presented few interesting stories. Susan Shapiro of "The New York Times" wrote that "Although the paradoxes of being 'a celebrity nobody knows' are interesting, the photographs, diary entries and overly cute commentaries make this book feel like a personal scrapbook." Rosellen Brewer of the "Library Journal" commented that "Cartwright's own life notwithstanding, there is nothing really new or exciting here. She knew what she wanted to do and was able to do it; end of story." Lee Bacchus of "The Province" wrote that "This little book by the voice of Bart Simpson reads as if it were written by a 10-year-old boy. Not that that's all bad. Cartwright, who voices Bart along with Ralph Wiggum and a few others on The Simpsons, gives a very unchallenging tour behind the scenes of the phenomenally successful series. It's kind of fun to discover how the show is put together and how an adult woman snagged one of the coolest jobs in the world If only it wasn't all so relentlessly perky."
Another common criticism was that the book was aimed at fans of "The Simpsons" and not a general audience. A preview in "People" said the bottom line was that the book is "for die-hard fans only." Bacchus concurred, saying "Cartwright writes as if she were speaking to devotees of The Simpsons Fan Club, too often providing bland tidbits of background that only obsessives would ever really care about." Rob Sheridan of the "National Post" also believes that the book is "aimed squarely at rabid Simpsons fans", and criticized the writing, commenting that "the chronology of her story is sometimes muddled, and a lot of sentences have that first-draft feeling But none of this is anything to have a cow about."
Stage adaptation.
In 2004, "My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy" was adapted into a one-woman play. Described as "a romp through Springfield through [Cartwright's] eyes," the first portion of the play is scripted and includes anecdotes from Cartwright, dialogue performed in her characters' voices and video clips from "The Simpsons". At the end, she does a question and answer session and occasionally plays a game to allow for audience participation. Cartwright's friend Rose Goss co-wrote the play, and serves as director. Cartwright has performed the show at various locations, including the Big Laugh Comedy Festival in Parramatta, Australia in March 2004, a three-week run at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in Edinburgh, Scotland in August 2004, at the "Simpsons Mania" convention in Toronto, Canada (the North American debut of the play) in October 2004 and at Riverside Studios in London, England in May 2005.
The play has received modest reviews. Julian Hall of "The Independent" criticized it for a lack of inside stories about "The Simpsons", writing that "Cartwright never allows you to become bored but that means some issues are skirted over faster than American closing credits on television. You never really get a feel what it is like recording the show." Brian Logan of "The Guardian" described Cartwright as "a lively host eager to please", but found the play to be "an overweeningly upbeat collection of Simpsons chitchat." David Chatterton of "British Theatre Guide" described it as "interesting and entertaining, but not really a 'must see' even for Simpsons fans." Clive Davis of "The Times" wrote that "In contrast to "The Simpsons" itself, where not a line, not a syllable, goes to waste, Cartwright has a habit of losing herself in anecdotes that stumble into dead-ends. The half-hearted trivia quiz involving volunteers from the audience soon dies a death too. The performance really cries out for a hard-headed director. The video clips of Cartwright at large are fun, however."

</doc>
<doc id="21412109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412109" title="My Past Is My Own">
My Past Is My Own

My Past Is My Own is a made-for-television movie which aired as a "CBS Schoolbreak Special" on January 24, 1989. The film is centered around a sit-in in the early 1960s at a racially segregated lunch counter in the Southern United States. Whoopi Goldberg, Phill Lewis and Allison Dean portray the lead characters.
Writer/producer Alan Gansberg was awarded the 1989 Humanitas Prize in the Children's Live-Action Category for his work on "My Past Is My Own".
Editor Jayme Wing was nominated for an Emmy for best achievement in film editing for his work on "My Past Is My Own".
Plot.
Justin Cook (Phill Lewis) and his sister Kerry (Allison Dean) are two African American teenagers living in a middle-class New Jersey household in the late 1980s. The Cook family is visited by their distant cousin, psychologist Mariah Johnston (Whoopi Goldberg). A contemporary of Justin and Kerry's parents, Mariah is about to receive an award for her years of community work, particularly in the area of civil rights. Having been born after the Civil Rights Movement, Justin and Kerry never experienced Jim Crow segregation, and the two fail to appreciate the stories about the era that Mariah and their parents recount at dinner.
While Justin and Kerry sleep that night, they are mysteriously transported to a small town in Georgia in the early 1960s. While there, the siblings participate in a sit-in at a segregated lunch counter. The protest is staged by a group of local teenagers and young adults—including their cousin Mariah. The siblings are horrified by the hostility and racism of local White residents, and inspired by the strength displayed by Mariah and the others as the group is harassed during the sit-in.
When they awaken the following morning, the siblings find themselves back in the 1980s. No one is aware of their journey to the past except Justin and Kerry themselves (and possibly Mariah). As the Cook family watches Mariah accept her award later that day, Justin and Kerry do so with a greater appreciation for Mariah, the Civil Rights Movement, and the history of African Americans in general.

</doc>
<doc id="21412115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412115" title="Mike Fitzgerald (outfielder)">
Mike Fitzgerald (outfielder)

Justin Howard "Mike" Fitzgerald (June 26, 1891 to January 17, 1945) was a Major League Baseball player. Fitzgerald played for the New York Highlanders in and the Philadelphia Phillies . He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born and died in San Mateo, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21412118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412118" title="Bendik Rugaas">
Bendik Rugaas

Bendik Jørgen Rugaas (born December 31, 1942) is a Norwegian librarian and former politician for the Norwegian Labor Party. In the government Thorbjørn Jagland Rugaas was Minister of Planning from 1996 to 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21412145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412145" title="The Sesame Street Monsters!">
The Sesame Street Monsters!

The Sesame Street Monsters! A Musical Monster-Osity is an album made by the cast of "Sesame Street" in 1974.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21412147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412147" title="Nicolas Colladon">
Nicolas Colladon

Nicolas Colladon (Bourges, France, c. 1530 - Lausanne, 1586) was a French Calvinist pastor. 
Calladon was the son of French parents who in 1536 took shelter in Switzerland for religious reasons. He studied theology at Lausanne and Geneva. He was a friend of John Calvin and pastor at Vandœuvres and Geneva. In 1564 he became chancellor of the Genevan Academy where he taught theology until the death of Calvin. With Theodore Beza, he wrote a famous biography of the French reformer in 1565. He came into conflict with the magistrates of Geneva, and in 1571 he moved to Lausanne and taught at the local Academy. 
References.
Methodus Facilima Ad Explicationem Sacrosanctae Apocalypseōs Ioannnis Theologi, ex ipso libro desumpta, Iesus Nazaraeus, siue, Explicatio loci in Sancto D.N. Iesu Christi Euangelio secundum Matthaeum cap. 2. v. 23. Nazaraeus vocabitur .

</doc>
<doc id="21412149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412149" title="Ryan Anderson (baseball)">
Ryan Anderson (baseball)

Ryan York Anderson (born July 12, 1979 in Southfield, Michigan) was a professional baseball player. Anderson was a left-handed pitcher in the Seattle Mariners and Milwaukee Brewers minor league system from 1997 to his release in 2005.
After attending Divine Child High School, Anderson was drafted in the first round by the Mariners and was listed as the top prospect by Baseball America every year from 1998 to 2002, and the top prospect in the Pacific Coast League in 2000. At 6'10, Anderson drew frequent comparisons to former Mariners pitcher Randy Johnson due to similarities in their height and pitching style, and earned Anderson the nickname "The Little Unit," a play on Johnson's nickname "The Big Unit."
After series of injuries (which prevented him from pitching from 2001-2004) and questions regarding his work ethic and diligence, Anderson retired from baseball after briefly attempting a comeback within the Brewers' farm system in 2005. He is now pursuing a career as a chef after attending the Scottsdale Culinary Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="21412187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412187" title="Hanne Sletner">
Hanne Sletner

Hanne Sletner (born 1972) is a retired Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor.
At the 1998 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Windischgarsten she won a bronze medal with the Norwegian relay team, which consisted of herself, Valborg Madslien and Hilde Gjermundshaug Pedersen, and she finished 8th in the short and 13th in the classic course.

</doc>
<doc id="21412191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412191" title="Valborg Madslien">
Valborg Madslien

Valborg Olive Engesæter Madslien is a Norwegian ski-orienteering competitor.
She competed at the 1994 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Val di Non and won a silver medal with the Norwegian relay team, which consisted of herself, Anne Marit Korsvold and Hilde Gjermundshaug Pedersen.
At the 1998 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Windischgarsten she won a bronze medal with the Norwegian relay team, which consisted of herself, Hanne Sletner and Hilde Gjermundshaug Pedersen.
Madslien is four times Norwegian champion in ski orienteering (twice individual champion and twice on relay).
She resides in Lillehammer.

</doc>
<doc id="21412197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412197" title="Elisha W. McKinstry">
Elisha W. McKinstry

Elisha Williams McKinstry was a California jurist of the nineteenth century. He served as a justice of the California Supreme Court from 1874-1888.
McKinstry was born April 10, 1824 in Detroit, Michigan. In 1864 he married Annie Hedges. They had four children.
McKinstry came to California in 1849 on the steamship "Panama". and was a member of the first state legislature. In 1851, he opened a law practice in Napa, and was elected in 1852 as judge of the Seventh Judicial District Court. In 1873 he was elected to the California Supreme Court, serving from 1874-1888. From 1888 to 1895, he was a professor of law at the University of California's Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco.
Justice McKinstry died on November 1, 1901 in San Jose, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21412223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412223" title="Church of St Mary Magdalene, Chewton Mendip">
Church of St Mary Magdalene, Chewton Mendip

The Church of St Mary Magdalene in Chewton Mendip, Somerset, England, was built in the 1540s and has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
History.
The church has Saxon origins, with the register commencing in 560. Building work being undertaken in the 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th centuries with restoration in 1865. The current church, which was started in 1441 by Carthusian monks, incorporates several Norman features including the north doorway. The tower was added in 1541.
The church was a Saxon minster with subordinate chapels at Ston Easton, Emborough, Farrington Gurney and Paulton. The church was granted by William the Conqueror to the French Jumièges Abbey. After the confiscation of alien churches Henry V gave it to the Priory of Sheen in Surrey which held it until the dissolution of the monasteries.
Wade and Wade in their 1929 book ""Somerset" described the church as a "singularly interesting church, which possesses one of the most stately towers in the county"".
Their description continued
""The arrangement of double belfry windows in the two upper stages is unusual, and the conventional lines of the elaborately pierced parapet above are relieved by the projecting stair turret and spirelet. The general effect is rich and impressive. The figure of our Lord, surrounded by four pairs of adoring angels, over the W. doorway should also be observed (cp. Batcombe). In the body of the church note should be taken of the good Norm. doorway forming the N. entrance. The interior is remarkable for an ugly bit of mediaeval vandalism. To render the altar observable from all parts of the church, a Norm. triplet, which once formed the chancel arch, has been mutilated; a pointed arch has been inserted, and the corner of the S. wall pared away. The chancel contains the only extant specimen in Somerset of a frid stool, a rough seat let into the sill of the N. window of the sacrarium for the accommodation of anyone claiming sanctuary. Note (1) piscinas of different dates in chancel; (2) change of design in arcading of nave, showing subsequent lengthening of church — the earlier columns stand on Norm. bases; (3) rood-loft doorway and ancient pulpit stairs near modern pulpit; (4) Jacobean lectern and Bible of 1611. The "Bonville" chantry, S. of chancel, contains a 15th-cent. altar-tomb with recumbent effigies of Sir H. Fitzroger and wife, and a modern mural tablet with medallion to Viscountess Waldegrave. In the churchyard is a weather-worn but fine cross, with a canopied crucifix. The Communion plate is pre-Reformation, dating from 1511.""
Architecture.
The church is made of Lias Stone, with a tower of Doulting Stone which was "unfinished" in 1541. The tower, which dates from around 1540, contains a bell dating from 1753 and made by Thomas Bilbie of the Bilbie family. In addition, there is a peal of eight bells by Taylor's of Loughborough.
Near the altar, there is a stone seat for criminals taking sanctuary in the church.
Ornaments.
Near the altar is a stone seat, known as a 'frid' for those, especially criminals, who took sanctuary in the church. The church includes monuments to Sir Henry Fitzroger and his wife who died in 1388, and to Frances, Lady Waldegrave (1879). The Waldegrave family have owned Chewton from 1553, but did not live in the village until the 1860s.
The stained glass is largely from the 19th century but some 15th-century and earlier fragments remain in the chancel window. The glass in the north window of the chancel comes from various sources. The design of the virgin weeping was found in pieces in a ditch near Galstonbury. They were bought by the Rev. Paul Bush who used them to make a window in his summerhouse which was eventually pulled down. When the old vicarage was sold in 1956 the glass was found in the garden and shown to Christopher Woodforde the Dean of Wells. He identified some fragments as being 19th century but others as being much older possibly 13th or 14th century. Jasper Kettlewell combined them with existing glass in the window into new designs.
There are three piscinae, two medieval chests and 16th-century carved bench ends. The circular Early English font stands under the tower.
Churchyard cross.
A 15th-century stone cross in the churchyard also has Grade I listed building status.

</doc>
<doc id="21412232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412232" title="Tihomir Bulat">
Tihomir Bulat

Tihomir Bulat (born 28 July 1974) is a retired Croatian football player who last played for RNK Split. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli during his career and retired at the end of the 2009–10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21412255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412255" title="Psycho Thug">
Psycho Thug

Psycho Thug is the fifth album released by rapper, Ganksta N-I-P. It was released on May 18, 1999 through independent label, Happy Alone Records and was produced by 151 Productions, Bishop, Dope E, J Slash, J.B. and Scagnetti "Al" Capone. This marked Ganksta N-I-P's first album to not be released through Rap-a-Lot Records.
Personnel.
Executive Producer - Robert Guillerman
Producer - 151 Productions* (tracks: 7, 8, 12), J.B. (tracks: 2, 6, 9, 10) 

</doc>
<doc id="21412272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412272" title="Sir Patrick O'Brien, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Patrick O'Brien, 2nd Baronet

Sir Patrick O'Brien, 2nd Baronet (1823 – 23 April 1895) was an Irish politician.
He was elected in 1852 as a Member of Parliament for King's County (now County Offaly), and held the seat until the constituency was divided at the 1885 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21412281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412281" title="Saint Matthew's Catholic Church (Mobile, Alabama)">
Saint Matthew's Catholic Church (Mobile, Alabama)

Saint Matthew's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church building in Mobile, Alabama. It was built in the Mediterranean Revival style in 1913, shortly after its parish was founded. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 3, 1991, as a part of the Historic Roman Catholic Properties in Mobile Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="21412298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412298" title="Men's 100 metres European record progression">
Men's 100 metres European record progression

The following table shows the European record progression in the men's 100 metres, as ratified by the European Athletic Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21412305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412305" title="The Medfield Press">
The Medfield Press

"The Medfield Press" is a Thursday weekly newspaper covering Medfield, Massachusetts, USA, serving the suburb of Boston. It is one of more than 100 weeklies published by Community Newspaper Company, a division of GateHouse Media.
The newspaper covers local news, features and events. The publication is staffed by Editor and reporter Rob Borkowski and Staff Photographer Erin Prawoko. The paper also uses a number of regular correspondents, including Photographer Sean Browne, Sports Reporter Josh Centor, News Reporter Jennifer Roach and News Reporter Cathy Pray.
History.
The Medfield Press was part of Suburban World Newspapers when 
The "Boston Herald" bought the company in 2001 and dissolved 
it into Community Newspaper Company, the largest weeklies publisher in Massachusetts. Community Newspaper Company was in turn bought by GateHouse Media in 2006.
External links.
The Medfield Press
Gatehouse Media

</doc>
<doc id="21412311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412311" title="Kullback's inequality">
Kullback's inequality

In information theory and statistics, Kullback's inequality is a lower bound on the Kullback–Leibler divergence expressed in terms of the large deviations rate function. If "P" and "Q" are probability distributions on the real line, such that "P" is absolutely continuous with respect to "Q", i.e. "P"Â«"Q", and whose first moments exist, then
where formula_2 is the rate function, i.e. the convex conjugate of the cumulant-generating function, of formula_3, and formula_4 is the first moment of formula_5
The Cramér–Rao bound is a corollary of this result.
Proof.
Let "P" and "Q" be probability distributions (measures) on the real line, whose first moments exist, and such that "P"Â«"Q". Consider the natural exponential family of "Q" given by
for every measurable set "A", where formula_7 is the moment-generating function of "Q". (Note that "Q"0="Q".) Then
By Gibbs' inequality we have formula_9 so that
Simplifying the right side, we have, for every real θ where formula_11
where formula_4 is the first moment, or mean, of "P", and formula_14 is called the cumulant-generating function. Taking the supremum completes the process of convex conjugation and yields the rate function:
Corollary: the Cramér–Rao bound.
Start with Kullback's inequality.
Let "X"θ be a family of probability distributions on the real line indexed by the real parameter θ, and satisfying certain regularity conditions. Then
where formula_17 is the convex conjugate of the cumulant-generating function of formula_18 and formula_19 is the first moment of formula_20
Left side.
The left side of this inequality can be simplified as follows:
which is half the Fisher information of the parameter θ.
Right side.
The right side of the inequality can be developed as follows:
This supremum is attained at a value of "t"=τ where the first derivative of the cumulant-generating function is formula_28 but we have formula_29 so that
Moreover,
Putting both sides back together.
We have:
which can be rearranged as:

</doc>
<doc id="21412318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412318" title="Love Finds a Home">
Love Finds a Home

Love Finds a Home is a Christian drama film, the eighth and final installment based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It aired on Hallmark Channel on September 5, 2009. The film is based on the book "Love Finds a Home" by Janette Oke. Sarah Jones, Haylie Duff and Jordan Bridges reprise their roles from "Love Takes Wing".
The film is the eighth in the "Love Comes Softly" series of television movies on Hallmark Channel that includes "Love Comes Softly" (2003), "Love's Enduring Promise" (2004), "Love's Long Journey" (2005), "Love's Abiding Joy" (2006), "Love's Unending Legacy" (2007), "Love's Unfolding Dream" (2007), and "Love Takes Wing" (2009), as well as two 2011 prequels; "Love Begins" and "Love's Everlasting Courage", which are not based on any novels.
Plot.
A pregnant Dr. Annie Watson (Haylie Duff) is going to stay with her best friend, Dr. Belinda Owens (Sarah Jones) while her husband Peter is off on a surveying job. Annie's mother-in-law Mary (Patty Duke), a seen-it-all midwife whose homeopathic remedies and folksy wisdom are at odds with Belinda’s scientific knowledge, comes along. As Belinda deals with the headaches Mary is causing, she must also address issues at home. While her adopted daughter Lillian (Courtney Halverson) discovers the joys and pains of first love, Belinda and her husband Lee (Jordan Bridges) find their own relationship suffering over Belinda’s inability to get pregnant. Just as the town learned to put its faith in Belinda as their doctor, Belinda must learn to accept that the best guidance for her own problems may come from unlikely sources. Annie gives birth to a daughter, Melinda (Lindy), and the movie ends with Mary hopping into a buggy to leave and Belinda whispering something in her ear. When her husband asks what she said, the answer is: "Oh, I just told her that I'll need a midwife soon."

</doc>
<doc id="21412327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412327" title="Granny Was a Buffer Girl">
Granny Was a Buffer Girl

Granny Was a Buffer Girl is a realistic young-adult novel by Berlie Doherty, published by Methuen in 1986. It recounts stories of love, loyalty and change in several generations of a Sheffield family from the 1930s to the 1980s, linking them to the changing fortunes of that industrial city. Doherty won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.
The first American edition by Orchard Books in 1988 was Doherty's first book published in the U.S.
Title.
The title is somewhat misleading, as Granny Dorothy's story is only a small part of the book, but it sets the focus on family history. A "buffer girl" was a worker in the Sheffield cutlery industry who used the polishing machinery on steel tableware: a hot and dirty job that required protective clothing. Doherty was inspired by the William Rothenstein painting "Sheffield Buffer Girls", depicting two young women in their work clothes.
Plot summary.
In the first chapter the narrator is Jess, an 18-year-old girl who is about to leave home to study in France. Her extended family gathers for a celebration, partly to say goodbye, partly because it is the birthday of her brother Danny, who died when she was 8. Jess is troubled by a secret she has been harbouring. As the characters talk, they promise to reveal their own stories and secrets.
The second chapter is set in the 1930s and concerns Jess's maternal grandparents, Bridie and Jack. Bridie comes from a large Catholic family and Jack's parents are deeply religious Protestants. They fall in love and marry secretly, knowing their prejudiced families will oppose their marriage.
The third chapter centres on Dorothy, Jess's father's mother, the "buffer girl" of the title. It introduces Jess's great aunt Louie, Dorothy's elder sister, who gets Dorothy a job at a local buffing shop. At the Cutlers' Ball, 1931, Dorothy dances with the boss's handsome son, but when the next day he fails to recognize her in her grimy work clothes, she gives up her dream of escaping the narrow streets and grudgingly accepts the matter-of-fact proposal of her boy-next-door sweetheart, Albert, a young steelworker.
In the next two chapters Jess's father Mike appears in his teenage years, as a rebellious would-be teddy boy, awkward around girls and nervous about his imminent National Service. As he leaves on the train he meets Josie, Jack and Bridie's daughter, whom he will marry several years later.
The sixth chapter is about Danny, Mike and Josie's first child, born disabled, and in a wheelchair from the age of six. By this time, Mike has matured from a rebellious teenager into a stable, loyal and devoted husband and father. On his eighth birthday Danny asks his parents for a baby sister, so although already concerned about the responsibility of caring for Danny, they decide to take the risk, and John and Jess are born over the next two years.
At Jess's birth the book switches back to first person narrative and from then on concerns Jess's memories of her family: Danny's death at the age of 17, her other brother John and his pigeons, her great-aunt Louie's fierce husband Gilbert, and Jess's own first romantic encounter, with an older man who unknown to her is married.
The book ends as Jess departs for France, confident about the challenge of changing from a child to an independent adult after hearing her family's stories.
Awards.
Beside the 1986 Carnegie Medal for British children's books, "Granny Was a Buffer Girl" won the Burnley Book Award and was a runner up for the annual Boston Globe–Horn Book Award (U.S.).
Adaptations.
"Granny" was adapted for BBC Radio by the author in 1990 and published as a play in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21412334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412334" title="Shadow Cat (album)">
Shadow Cat (album)

Shadow Cat is an album by Robyn Hitchcock, released in England in 2008.
This was released in the UK by Sartorial Records, distributed by Cargo, and is available in America thru Red Eye distribution. The set contains otherwise unavailable titles, as well as an edited version of 'Statue With A Walkman' (63 seconds shorter, and omitting the spoken-word interludes featured in the original).

</doc>
<doc id="21412338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412338" title="Nogaysky District">
Nogaysky District

Nogaysky District is the name of several administrative and municipal districts in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="21412348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412348" title="Minuscule 203">
Minuscule 203

Minuscule 203 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 203 (Soden), is a modern Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the New Testament (except Gospels) on 149 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae. The order of books: Pauline epistles, Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Apocalypse. It contains non-biblical material at the end with a list of the errors condemned by the Seven Ecumenical Councils.
It is written in one column per page, in 32-33 lines per page.
It has Euthalian Apparatus.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
The scribe of the codex was named Andreas.
It was examined by Birch and Scholz. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the British Library (Add. 28816), at London.

</doc>
<doc id="21412354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412354" title="Casamino acid">
Casamino acid

Casamino acids are a mixture of amino acids and some very small peptides obtained from acid hydrolysis of casein It is typically used in microbial growth media. It has all the essential amino acids except tryptophan which becomes almost completely destroyed when digested with sulfuric or hydrochloric acid.
Casamino acids are similar to tryptone, the latter differing by being an incomplete enzymatic hydrolysis with some oligopeptides present, while casamino acids predominantly free amino acids.
Uses.
Casamino acids are either found in the Daptacel brand DTaP vaccine or used in its manufacture.
Casamino Acids is a hydrochloric acid hydrolysate of casein. Supplies a completely hydrolyzed protein nitrogen source. It contains a small amount of cystine. Tryptophan and vitamins are destroyed by the acid treatment. The remaining amino acids (in varying amounts) are a source of nutrients for various microorganisms. Amino acids are highly soluble and suitable for use in tissue culture. Salt content is typically 30-40%.
Appearance: 
White to light tan, homogenous, free flowing powder
Solubility (2%) 
Colourless to light yellow, clear in solution

</doc>
<doc id="21412359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412359" title="To the Fallen Records">
To the Fallen Records

Active duty Army officer and Operation Iraqi Freedom veteran Captain Sean Gilfillan founded To the Fallen Records after returning from his tour of duty in January 2006. While in the military, the longtime music fan met many fellow soldiers who were also extremely talented musicians. Realizing that most of them were having a hard time gaining a following and getting their unique voices heard in the world. Even after finishing his tour, during which he earned the Bronze Star for his service, Gilfillan remained in touch with many of these soldier-songwriters. They continually filled his email inbox with mp3’s of their latest tunes, whether they were politically charged hip-hop tracks, heartfelt country love songs to their loved ones back home, or heavy rock jams that expressed the intensity and frustration of military life.
“While I was in Iraq, I realized that there were tons and tons of really talented musicians serving with me, but that they couldn’t realize both passions,” said Gilfillan, “So many soldiers seemed to be singing, rapping, recording and playing, and a lot of them were really great.” 
Sean had always been interested in the production and recording techniques of music since he was a child, and his military experience gave him extra insight into the singular world of music created by soldiers. Meanwhile, friend and fellow Rhode Islander Sidney DeMello, with whom Gilfillan shared a common bond through their families’ shared histories of dedicated military service, offered a different perspective as a civilian who appreciated music on a direct, emotional level. Combining these complementary approaches with their keen business sense, a new purpose was born: To The Fallen Records.
"Music is all about social issues, about grassroots, about authenticity and nothing is more grassroots, authentic and patriotic than music by members of the military," says Gilfillan 
Beginning in the summer of 2006, their creative spark created a whirlwind of activity. Taking their name from a tattoo that spans Gilfillan’s back and honors seven of his comrades killed in action in Iraq, To The Fallen Records moved in just six weeks from the initial concept to the manufacturing of their debut CD: "To The Fallen Records Presents Hip-Hop: Volume I", which was shortly followed by "To The Fallen Records Presents Country: Volume I" and "To The Fallen Records Presents Rock: Volume I". 
The label followed these releases, culled from current and veteran soldiers from the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and National Guard, with their first mixed-genre compilation, "To The Fallen Records Presents: Say Goodbye", the first album in their "The Ten" series. On this album are Country tracks by Sean Bennett and Matt Eusner; Hard Rock tracks by American Hitmen, Dead End Echo and The Wake Effect; Soft Rock/Acoustic tracks by Stephen Covell and Josh Hisle; and Hip Hop tracks by Joe Roos, Arez featuring Soldier Hard and Dirty Boi Vets. All the artists featured have served in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom, while Joe Roos is currently slated to deploy to Iraq in 2009.
"It's important for the American public to hear what the guys on the ground are going through," said Gilfillan. "These guys have something much more important to say than most people in the music industry." 
Regardless of genre, To The Fallen offers a platform for these powerful voices to get their messages across to fellow soldiers as well as civilians and the public at large. A non-partisan label, To The Fallen’s mantra is “It’s not about politics, it's about music.” To The Fallen Records concentrates on quality music, and makes a point of presenting an array of opinions from people that aren’t running for office, and have no agenda other than asking for some respect. 
Gilfillan says he founded the label, in part, because he hoped the music would “give some insight to civilians, because there’s such a wide disconnect. It’s a great opportunity to bridge that gap.” 
The music featured on To The Fallen Records holds special significance to fellow soldiers and veterans. For example, the song “Walk with Me,” on "To The Fallen Records Presents Hip-Hop: Volume I", finds rapper Soldier Hard acting as a war tour guide, giving the listener an intimate diary of his daily struggles in Iraq. Likewise, rocker and Army drill sergeant Merq wrote “Don’t Try to Save Me” for "To The Fallen Records Presents Rock: Volume I", describing a particularly intense Iraq mission that reveals a dark side of the experience. 
But subject matter can cover virtually anything on a TTFR release; for example, songwriter Zach Johnson’s “We’ll Be Together” was composed with a laid-back feel as a love letter to his wife to capture the mellow mood of their relationship. 
The label’s albums can be purchased through all major online retailers including iTunes, Amazon, Rhapsody, Napster, eMusic and more as well as label's own site. The label’s recordings are also available at their official retailers, Green Beans Coffee, the franchise of environmentally friendly cafes located near military posts worldwide. Green Beans Coffee hosts live acoustic performances, in-store CD signings and overseas tours featuring To the Fallen Records artists. 
In addition, the label gives back to the military by donating a percentage of proceeds to organizations dedicated to honoring the fallen, or assisting disabled soldiers and their families. 
To The Fallen Records has been featured on "CBS Evening News", NPR, "Rolling Stone", "The New York Times Magazine" and the UK’s "The Sunday Times" and "Guardian", among others.
References.
To The Fallen Records Official Site

</doc>
<doc id="21412361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412361" title="NSW Volunteer of the Year">
NSW Volunteer of the Year

The NSW Volunteer of the Year Award is an annual state award for volunteering in New South Wales, Australia run by The Centre for Volunteering and supported by the State Government. It was launched in June 2007 by the then NSW Minister for Volunteering Linda Burney.
The NSW Volunteer of the Year Award recognises the efforts of the 2.4 million volunteers in NSW, and promotes the importance of volunteering to the community and to companies. 
Prior to 2007 there was no state-wide recognition program for all volunteers, and the NSW Volunteer of the Year Award program remains the sole annual awards program committed to recognising all volunteers in NSW.
The 2010 Award Partner was Westpac Banking Corporation - Social Sector Banking.
Award Regions.
The Award is judged at a Regional and State level with 19 NSW Regional Volunteer of the Year Awards created throughout NSW: 11 country regions and 8 Sydney regions (the Award started with 15 regions and has been expanded to 19).
Sydney Regions have been based on geography and population size. The Centre has structured these regions so that there is a substantial population in each and some natural synergies between the local government areas in each region.
Country Regions are based on NSW Department of State and Regional Development’s regions apart from: South Coast and Southern Inland are combined into South Coast/ Southern Inland and Orana and Far West/ Outback are combined into Orana/ Far West
Award Categories.
There are three major categories with two additional special awards:
Nomination Dates.
The NSW Volunteer of the Year Award opens for nomination at the start of National Volunteer Week each year and closes on the 31 August (the nomination closing date has moved from 30 September to 31 August in 2011). Nominations can be made online http://www.nswvolunteerawards.com
Award Ceremonies.
Regional Award Ceremonies are held throughout October–November of each year. The State Award Ceremony is held on or near the 5 December each year in recognition of International Volunteer Day, at Parliament House Sydney. The Awards are presented by the Minister for Volunteering (who is also the Patron of the Award). The 2010 NSW Volunteer of the Year Award Ambassador is Sydney Swans player Adam Goodes.
Award recipients.
2007.
The award ceremony was held at the NSW Parliament House, Sydney, on 5 December 2007, on the occasion of the International Volunteer Day. The winners of the 2007 NSW Volunteer of the Year Awards were:
The 2007 NSW Regional Volunteer of the Year Award Winners were announced at ceremonies around NSW throughout October-November 2007.
2008.
The 2008 NSW Volunteer of the Year Award Winners were announced at a gala ceremony held at the NSW Parliament House, Sydney on 5 December 2008, on the occasion of the International Volunteer Day.
The 2008 NSW Regional Volunteer of the Year Award Winners were announced at ceremonies around NSW throughout October-November 2008.
2009.
The 2009 NSW Volunteer of the Year Award Winners were announced by the then Minister for Volunteering, the Hon Graham West, at a ceremony held at the NSW Parliament House, Sydney on 4 December 2009.
The 2009 NSW Regional Volunteer of the Year Award Winners were announced at ceremonies around NSW throughout October-November 2009.
2010.
The 2010 award ceremony was held at the NSW Parliament House, Sydney, on Friday, 3 December 2010, with the 2010 NSW Volunteer of the Year Awards presented by the Minister for Volunteering, the Hon Peter Primrose and the 2010 NSW Regional Volunteer of the Year Prizes were presented by the Hon Michael Veitch, MLC.

</doc>
<doc id="21412385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412385" title="Simon Henzler">
Simon Henzler

Simon Henzler (born 1 December 1976 in Ravensburg) is a German former football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli and Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="21412393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412393" title="Daniel P. Bissell">
Daniel P. Bissell

Daniel Perez Bissell (May 27, 1802 Randolph, Orange County, Vermont - October 28, 1874 Utica, Oneida County, New York) was an American physician and politician from New York.
Life.
He lived in Moscow, Livingston County, New York.
In 1842, he was elected by the New York State Legislature one of the canal commissioners. In November 1844, he was re-elected at the first statewide election of canal commissioners, and remained in office until the end of 1847 when he was legislated out of office by the New York State Constitution of 1846.
In 1863, he was elected President of the Medical Society of the State of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21412396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412396" title="New York energy law">
New York energy law

New York energy law is the statutory, regulatory, and common law of the state of New York concerning the policy, conservation, taxation, and utilities involved in energy. Secondary sources have also influenced the law of energy in the Empire State.
The myriad legal issues concerning hydrofracking in New York has in the 2010s spawned a new body of legal authority with primary authorities such as case law, statutes, and zoning regulations, as well as secondary sources such as law review and newspaper articles, for this rapidly changing field of law.
Energy Law (Consolidated law or statutory code).
New York Statutes includes a statutory code called "Energy Law". Under New York law, "energy" and "energy resources" are defined as:
N.Y. Energy Law became effective on July 26, 1976 as Chapter 17-A of the consolidated statutes. The 1970s was a period of tremendous expansion of both federal and state laws concerning energy.
This code is divided into these articles, which are "not" sequential:<br>
1. Short Title; Definitions<br>
3. State Energy Policy<br>
5. State Energy Office, etc.<br>
7. Transfer of Functions<br>
8. Light Efficiency Standards (for existing buildings) Act<br>
9. Energy Performance (for public buildings)<br>
10. Fuel Set-aside Act<br>
11. Conservation Construction Code Act<br>
12. Solar Energy Products Warranty Act<br>
13. State Green Building Construction Act (new, "Effective Date: 03/24/2009")<br>
16. Appliance Efficiency Standards (new)<br>
17. Energy Information<br>
18. Temporary Nuclear Waste Repositories<br>
21. Energy Supply and Production<br>
Appendix – Rules
The "Bluebook" citation for "McKinney's Statutes" is N.Y. Engy. L., while for Consolidated laws, the citation is "Energy".
Recent legislation and Legislative committees.
State senate.
The New York State Senate Energy and Telecommunications Committee is chaired by Senator George D. Maziarz, a Republican from Newfane, in western Niagara County.
Democratic Senator Darrel Aubertine, of upstate Cape Vincent, Jefferson County, was formerly chair of the committee. In 2008, the Senate referred six bills to the Assembly Energy committee, but none of them were passed. Senate Majority Leader Malcolm Smith replaced Senator Kevin Parker, of Kings County (Brooklyn), then chair, with Aubertine on May 11, 2009, after Parker's arrest on harassment charges. Aubertine supported an extenstion to the "Power for Jobs" state program. In November 2010, Aubertine lost re-election, and the Republicans garnered a majority.
Assembly.
As of April 2014, Member of the Assembly Amy Paulin, representing parts of suburban Westchester County, is chairperson of the New York State Assembly Committee on Energy.
Assemblyman Kevin Cahill, representing Upstate Ulster and Dutchess counties, had been chair of that committee. As of early 2009, the Committee on Energy had an extensive agenda on its "plate". These include hearings on the New York Independent System Operator's Electricity Commodity Pricing, and the December Ice Storm power outages, and an annual report.
The Assembly Energy committee "has jurisdiction over legislation related to energy availability and sources, policy and planning, conservation, and electric and gas rate-making in New York State." These includes any amendments to N.Y. Energy Law and Public Service Law. It has concurrent jurisdiction over the authorities and agencies dealing with energy, including NYSERDA, the Long Island Power Authority, Department of Environmental Conservation, and the Power Authority of the State of New York.
Congressman Paul Tonko is a past chair of the Assembly Committee on Energy. Thomas O'Mara is the current ranking member of that committee. Andrew Hevesi, a Democrat from Queens, is chair of the Assembly Renewable Energy subcommittee.
Recently enacted laws.
The state has enacted, in 2007, a number of recent laws to control carbon emissions. There is also a new Article 13 of N.Y. Energy Law, the State Green Building Construction Act, in 2008. This new Act is composed of four sections, including N.Y. Energy L. § 13–107, "Agency green building construction requirements." They also passed a law to establish a "Green Residential Building Grant Program," which directs NYSERDA to grant moneys subject to LEED. Finally, the legislature also enacted three closely related laws to expand "Net metering" of alternative energy generating systems.
Senator Kevin Parker, the past Senate committee chair, stated that he had been "aiming for a long time" to work on energy and environmental issues. Among the issues he wanted to address are "enrgy generation and transmission ... public transportation ... Renewable energy..." Assemblyman Cahill notes equally "ambitious goals for renewable power and energy conservation," especially by funding the State Energy Plan, "mass transit", repowering "Old hydro facilities" and modernizing the states "electric grid." NYSERDA president Francis Murray, Jr. echoes "the most ambitious clean-energy program in the nation."
The Power New York Act, enacted in July 2011, re-establishes the Article 10 energy plant siting law, which had expired (sunsetted) over seven years prior. The new law had overwhelmingly favorable editorial support.
In 2012, several items on Governor Andrew Cuomo's agenda were done:
For 2012 income taxes, taxpayers can now take a credit for "Solar Energy System Equipment Credit" by using Form IT-255.
Related statutes.
In Consolidated Laws, there are many sections that have cross-references to, or relate to, N.Y. Energy Law.
Within N.Y. Environmental Conservation Law are several articles relevant to energy, including the Mineral Resources laws, article 23. This is also called the N.Y. Oil, Gas, and Solution Mining Law, which includes permitting, fees, and related laws.
The state collects an effective rate of 24.4 cents per gallon tax on gasoline and gasohol ("motor fuel"), and 22.65 cents per gallon on diesel. New York collects one of the smallest amounts of revenue from extraction taxes of any state—only 5.8 percent of its overall sources. The state also has a "highway use tax".
New York also has a motor fuel tax. It requires a certification that the tax has been assumed or paid by the distributor. The state requires certain records to be kept.
New York has a statute that regulates the "Recording of solar energy easements." It requires that such easements be in writing, signed, and acknowledged with the same formalities as recording other conveyances. It also requires, "Any instrument creating a solar energy easement shall include ... (a) The vertical and horizontal angles, expressed in degrees, at which the solar energy easement extends over the real property ... (b) Any terms or conditions ... (c) Any provisions for compensation of the owner of the property..."
The state has an "alternative fuels (tax) credit" at N.Y. Tax Law § 187-b that applies to certain hybrid cars, against the franchise taxes in Tax Law §§ 183, 184, 185. It does "not" apply to any individual income tax.
Other related sections of the N.Y. Consolidated laws include:
There are also at least two unconsolidated sections of law that refer to Energy Law, which allow for a credit against certain local taxes.
Case law.
There is a body of case law concerning energy in New York, enough for NY Jur 2d to have a listing for "Energy", and case law on energy taxation.
Under New York law, both the New York Attorney General or a district attorney may prosecute alleged polluters who make oil spills.
The motor fuel excise tax is collected from a "distributor" – usually a wholesaler – even though the ultimate burden to pay the tax may be on a retailer or purchaser. There is a presumption of taxability, so taxing authorities can allow reasonably for only a 1% loss for "evaporation and spillage" in long-term storage tanks. A bus company, such as Greyhound bus, is considered a distributor for the purposes of the motor fuel excise tax. A retailer is liable for the amount of tax due bought from a supplier from New Jersey.
The issue of taxation of Native Americans for motor fuel has created a moderately large body of case law in itself. While the state can not impose excise taxes "directly" on "Indians", it can tax the sale of fuel to non-Indians even on Indian reservations. This statute, dictating the collection of gas and similar taxes, does not violate the Commerce clause. The law has also been upheld as not in violation of the Equal protection clause, based on the rational basis test.
Conservation easements in New York have been created by caselaw and private real estate contracts.
Rules, regulations, and benefits.
Regulatory law, generally.
General energy regulations may be found at Title 9, Subtitle BB, of the "New York Code of Rules and Regulations" (N.Y.C.R.R.). Changes to the rules are published in the "New York Register".
New York regulation has "allowed consumers and businesses to choose their own supplier" of gas and electricity, in the hope that this will lower retail prices, as well as to spur the development of "more innovative products." However, these energy choices have not saved the ultimate consumer very much, because the price of natural gas, and any energy produced from it, had fallen relatively low as of 2012. The news report cited studies by AARP, the Public Utility Law Project, and the Retail Energy Supply Association (RESA), "an energy supplier trade group", were made between 2010 and 2012. Only if consumers switch from oil to gas would they save much money.
The New York Public Service Commission holds public hearings regarding the permits for gas lines.
New York Energy Highway.
The New York Energy Highway is a project developed by Governor Andrew Cuomo, and announced in his 2012 state of the state address. The purpose of the initiative is "to ensure that New York's energy grid remains the most advanced in the nation and to promote increased business investment in the state." A Task force was charged with "its implementation and enlisting the private sector." The Task Force is co-chaired by NYPA CEO Gil Quiniones and New York State Department of Environmental Conservation commissioner Joseph Martens. In April 2012, the Task Force held a summit at Columbia University to explore the issues involved. They also called for more ideas through an administrative request process, which that lasted from April 11 through May 30, 2012. According to co-chair Quiniones, writing in the industry paper "EnergyBiz", the results were that 400 people attended the Energy Highway Summit, and 85 entities submitted over 100 suggestions and ideas for the Task Force.
The Energy Highway Blueprint is the Task Force's October 2012 report with 13 proposals, including investment of over $1 billion "new electric transmission capacity new renewable energy projects," the retrofitting of "existing inefficient, high emission plants," the development of "Smart Grid technologies," and conducting "field studies of Atlantic Ocean offshore wind development potential."
In December of that year, Cuomo announced progress on the plan that included a $726 Million upgrade to the state's transmission network.
In early 2013, the Public Service Commission solicited comments and accepted a report filed by ConEd and the state Power Authority about the future of the Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant, in particular the permitting process. Cuomo has indicated that he is against the continued use of Indian Point. The October 2012 Blueprint called for alternatives to Indian Point, which was the only plant named specifically by his administration for closure and replacement. However, the Task Force has no administrative authority to close Indian Point. Furthermore, the Task Force's Blueprint is not directly linked to Cuomo's opposition to renewal of that plant's permit by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Nonetheless, in a December 2012 press release about the transmission upgrade funding, Cuomo noted in "dictum" that:
The Task Force identified two coal-operated energy plants' reliability issues, and are working with the Public Service Commission and two utilities, National Grid and NYSEG, on the matter. They also have worked on the "key items" of "easing transmission congestion expanding natural gas delivery".
On April 23, 2013, Albany Law School will host a seminar at the New York State Capitol on the future of the State Energy Highway.
Benefits in NY law.
Assemblyman Ronald Canestrari announced the expansion of New York's Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) "to help additional households meet their home heating needs..."
Energy-related authorities.
NYSERDA.
The chief regulator for the Energy Law is the "Commissioner" or "president" of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (also called NYSERDA). The board of directors of NYSERDA includes—as a matter of law – several utility insiders, as well as "ex officio" commissioners. Vincent DeIorio, a lawyer, is chairman of the board, and Francis J. Murray Jr. is President and CEO. NYSERDA was created as a public benefit corporation under NY law.
The regulations governing NYSERDA may be found at Parts 500–506 of the Code of Rules and Regulations. There are procedures for minutes of meetings and approval of actions by the Governor pursuant to law. There are specific regulations for accessing public meeting records pursuant to Freedom of Information Acts. Generators of low-level radioactive waste must make reports to NYSERDA. Any "action" of the Authority is subject to the state Environmental Quality Review Act (SEQRA). Other regulations include provisions for prompt payment of accounts payable, a privacy policy, and the purchase of energy efficient products.
NYSERDA funds a program, with the Farm Bureau, to assist farmers to make electricity from cow manure, or more formally, "to install anaerobic digester gas-to-electric facilities on farms."
NYISO.
New York has an Independent System Operator, the New York Independent System Operator (NYISO). NYISO is the non-profit agency charged by New York with auctions of energy supplies. Specifically, NYISO
NYISO also organizes symposia on New York energy law. Stephen Whitley is the Chief Executive of NYISO. The past chairperson of the board, Karen Antion, has been replaced as of April 19, 2011, by Robert Hiney, the past vice-chairman.
NYISO is subject to regulation by the legislature.
New York Public Service Commission.
The New York Public Service Commission is a government agency that regulates the various utilities of the state of New York.
Power Authority.
The regulations governing the Power Authority of the State of New York may be found at Parts 450–463 of the Code of Rules and Regulations.
The Power Authority's proposed contract to buy hydroelectric power from the Canadian province of Quebec has generated controversy. The Sierra Club, the Innu community, and the National Lawyers Guild are fighting to prevent the proposed contract, which would have to be approved by Governor Paterson under his regulatory authority.
The Power Authority has been criticized by scholars for "missed opportunities" in using its administrative powers.
Secondary sources.
Scholarship and research.
The "Fordham Environmental Law Journal" hosted a panel about the siting of electric generators in New York City under New York energy law.
Climatologist Michael Mann spoke at Union College in October 2012 about the public policy issues involved with climate change.
The New York State Bar Association offered a continuing legal education class in 2012 on "Marcellus Shale: New Regulations and Challenges", which is available as of February 2014 as an audio course. A panel of "multidisciplinary faculty of professionals addresse the new body of law being created in New York to address the substantial development that is expected in the Marcellus Shale region." NYSBA's environmental law section followed up in May 2014 with a legislative forum on the regulation of rail cars carrying shale oil through cities such as Albany.
Lobbying.
The energy industry is represented by the "Energy Association of New York", which lobbies on behalf of the state's larger energy-producing corporations and utilities.
Ethics guidelines.
A total of 17 wind energy companies have agreed to a set of ethics guidelines, which will delineate the companies' relationships with employee, contractors, and local governments. Governor Andrew Cuomo announced that 14 companies had joined the "Wind Industry Ethics Code" in August 2009, joining three others who had signed on earlier, in 2008-2009.
LEED.
Many buildings in New York state have achieved high LEED status, which earns their owners grants or tax abatements, including the Empire State Building and the Hearst Tower.
The standards are actually promulgated by a non-governmental organization (NGO), the Green Building Certification Institute.
Hydrofracking.
The myriad legal issues concerning hydrofracking in New York has spawned a whole body of law, with primary authorities such as case law, statutes, and zoning regulations, as well as secondary sources such as law review and newspaper articles, on this rapidly changing field of law.
Court cases and analysis.
"Dryden" and "Middletown".
In February 2012, two cases of first impression, "Anschutz Exploration Corp. v. Town of Dryden" and "Cooperstown Holstein Corp. v. Town of Middletown", dealt with the issue of whether towns in New York can use local zoning laws to ban hydrofracking, within their police powers, or whether such action would be preempted by N.Y. Environmental Conservation Law § 23-0303 (2).
The legal and political issues raised by these explosive cases were the subject of a seminar organized on February 28, 2012 by the Albany Law School.
The "Anschutz" case got the most publicity and analysis in the immediate aftermath, because it was decided a week earlier than the "Cooperstown" court. Opponents of hydrofacking "emerged trimphant" after winning "Anschutz". Justice Phillip R. Rumsey relied in part on cases from Colorado that allowed local governments to regulate gas drilling, as well as from Pennsylvania, which concerned the very same Marcellus shale that is being drilled in Upstate New York. "Anschutz" distinguished this zoning situation from a bonding requirement, which is a direct regulation of the industry that is preempted by the N.Y. Department of Environmental Conservation's permit fees and regulatory scheme.
In "Cooperstown", a farmer named Jennifer Huntington leased 400 acres of her land for natural drilling, and she sued after the town changed its zoning laws to ban fracking. This case has a similar outcome; the town of Middlefield won at the trial court level, in a decision by Acting Justice Daniel F. Cerio. An attorney at Earthjustice lauded the "Cooperstown" decision, while the attorney who had represented "Anschutz" criticzed both decisions.
Since both courts are within the Third Department of the Appellate Division, and they will likely be appealed, they may be consolidated upon appeal. Attorneys for the town of Dryden indicated they are in the process of perfecting the appeal as of September 2012. While "Albany Times-Union" columnist Fred LeBrun noted that while opponents are expecting a win, "plenty in our government" predict a successful appeal, so he "wouldn't bet either way." However, two bloggers noted that the appeals have not been perfected as of August 2012. Searches of the website for, and an inquiry into, the Third Department shows that neither losing party has perfected their appeals as of October 17, 2012.
Further complicating the appeals, Norse Energy has also become involved in the "Anschutz" case. Back in October 2011, Norse Energy put up their leases for sale, claiming the moratorium by Governor Paterson had hurt the international company's prospects. Instead, Norse bought Anschutz's leases, and thus would have to be replaced as lead plaintiff against the Town of Dryden. Norse Energy's attorneys appear to be arguing that a "greater good" will come about if they are allowed to drill despite the local government's opportunity.
On March 21, 2013, the Third Department issued their ruling in "Matter of Norse Energy Corp. USA v. Town of Dryden", upholding the decision of the N.Y. Supreme Court. For a unanimous court, Presiding Justice Karen A. Peters upheld the lower court's denial of intervenor status for the environmental group, DRAC, and the constitutionality of the Town of Dryden's zoning ordinance. The Court allowed Norse Energy to be substituted for Anschutz. "As a preliminary matter," they approved "Supreme Court's denial of DRAC's motion to intervene", based on the group's failing to prove "a substantial interest ... different from other residents of the Town." Rather, noting the Town could do a good job at defending its interests, instead granted "amicus" status to DRAC and a half dozen others. Citing the New York State Constitution and four New York Court of Appeals cases, the Third Department noted that the state's local governments have broad home rule powers under its state constitution. It agreed with the lower court that the local law is not pre-empted, either expressly or by implication.
On June 30, 2014, the New York Court of Appeals upheld the local zoning ordinances, as well as the lower court cases that had allowed them, in a 5-2 decision authored by Judge Victoria Graffeo.
Other cases.
In July 2012, Lenape Resources, a natural gas drilling company, threatened to sue state and local governments over a hydrofracking ban by the town of Avon.
Also in July 2012, Justice Ferris Lebous ruled in the Broome County, New York case of "Jeffrey v. Ryan" that, while the city of Binghamton has the right to enact a local regulation, they did not enact a proper moratorium.
Administrative response.
While those appeals were pending, the "New York Times" reported in mid-June 2012 that Governor Cuomo and his staff were deliberating on a plan to restrict hydrofracking to five counties in the southern tier of New York, along the Pennsylvania border, where the Marcellus shale is deepest and drilling is least likely to pollute well water supplies in those aquifers.
Drilling would not be allowed in these areas:
The "Albany Times Union" the next day filed a front-page, above the fold story questioning the plan's leak as a "trial balloon," which had quickly garnered both criticism and support.
In August 2012, LeBrun filed a column that a limited plan was moving forward to allow hydrofracking in the Southern Tier, which he characterized as the "nd of the anti-frack world." Wading through 60,000 comments, the New York Department of Environmental Conservation was looking at a "ramp up" period, allowing 50 wells in 2013, and 100 wells in 2014, and only in towns that want them.
Governor Cuomo's budget did not expect any revenues from hydrofracking in fiscal year 2012-2013. There was a study that indicates that New York lacks a state tax on gas production.
Joe Martens, the Commissioner of DEC, has overall responsibility for regulating all hydrofracking programs. Eugene Leff, his Deputy Commissioner for Remediation and Materials Management, has responsibility for "Materials Management, Environmental Remediation and Mineral Resources", which would include hydrofracking regulations, is any were to be released. Bradley Field is the Director for "Management and regulation of mineral resource development Oil & Gas Regulation ... [to Oversee permitting, compliance and enforcement of all regulated wells in New York." All media and other press inquiries must go directly through Emily DeSantis, at Press Operations, who is the Department spokesperson and who issues all press releases. Leff was one of the panelists on NYSBA's 2012 seminar on "Marcellus Shale: New Regulations and Challenges".
As of early 2014, administrative inaction lead to what the Sierra Club called a "de facto moratorium ... for new drilling of natural gas wells" in the State "using hydrofracking technology." Susan Lawrence, writing an open letter to the group, cited six reasons for the effective ban:

</doc>
<doc id="21412409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412409" title="Wings of Wrath">
Wings of Wrath

Wings of Wrath (ISBN 0756405351) is a fantasy novel by Celia S. Friedman. It is the second book in the "Magister Trilogy". It was published in 2009 by DAW books.
Its plot follows almost immediately after the plots of the previous book, "Feast of Souls". While the point of view is always in third-person, the focus shifts between many different characters, including minor ones, to hear their thoughts during the course of a section of story.
Plot summary.
The story opens with Kamala returning to Ethanus, despite the usual unwillingness of Magisters to show weakness around others of their kind. He willingly protects her while she heals, but tells her that he will turn her over to the Magisters to face justice for her violation of their Law (although he tells her this only so that she will flee to safety). 
Meanwhile, Salvator returns to the High Kingdom after his mother offers him the throne. A great deal of the political intrigue of the novel centers around the fact that Salvator is a monk of a monotheistic religion at odds with that of his mother, and that he will have to give up his monastic vows to take the throne, with many believing he will cling to pacifism, and others believing he will turn from his religion - if he turns either way, his political enemies can celebrate victory. 
Rhys returns to Kierdwyn with evidence of an attack by a souleater, including some pieces of its armored hide and a tale of how quickly the beast disintegrated after its death. Fearing that a souleater south of the Wrath means that there must be a weak point along it, the Lord Protector sends Rhys and another guardian to look for the point where the Wrath may have become so damaged. On their way, Kamala watches them from high above as a bird, and seeks to find a way to join their company. Seeing a trap laid for them, she tries to return to human form, but the power of the Wrath is too great and she nearly dies, passing out until after they have fallen into the trap. Rhys is captured and his companion apparently killed. Kamala sets aside her power and manages to rescue him via subterfuge and a lot of luck, and they finally ride north together to investigate the Wrath.
When they arrive, they discover that the Spears that make up the Wrath were not cast down by gods, as myth indicated, but rather were created by witches who built their own tombs around themselves, and slowly died within. Their sufferings provided the power for the Wrath to function. This drives Rhys into a great crises of faith, as there is suddenly no evidence of divine interaction and thus he believes there are no gods (or that they are not involved in the world). He does not share these thoughts with anyone other than Kamala.
Returning to Kierdwyn, they share some information about the Wrath itself, and Kamala trades a handful of brick she had taken from the Spear to Ramirus in exchange for a promise of future aid.
Meanwhile, Sideria has been approached with an offer from a mysterious stranger, claiming to be able to make her immortal. Intrigued, she accepts his offer and accompanies him far from her castle to a ravine, blocked at both ends, where a female souleater has been trapped. Sideria, already seeming to bond with the creature, is furious at those who brought her, and climbs down into the pit. The souleater accepts her, and they form a bond that gives Sideria access to the souleater's power, and thus seeming immortality. They can also communicate telepathically, and sometimes their psyches seem to be merging into one (with either one alternately the stronger personality in different situations) such as the case when a guest visits Sideria's palace, only to be killed later by Sideria, who was temporarily being taken over by the souleater queen. Colivar visits her shortly thereafter and takes note of an unusual smell, but cannot remember where he has encountered it previously.
Ramirus helps translate a prophecy regarding the Lyr, and those present at the meeting in Kierdwyn (including Lazaroth, Kamala, Rhys, and Gwynofar) immediately recognize the need for a massive effort to be carried out. The ultimate goal will be finding a person with Lyr blood who has all seven Lyr clans equally represented, and having that person sit on an ancient throne that resides in a tower next to the keep Rhys had been imprisoned at. To achieve this, they coordinate a fake war with Salvator, bringing both Kierdwyn and High Kingdom forces to bear in a combined attack. While doing this, Gwynofar, Rhys, Kamala, and several others sneak to that tower and climb it. While inside, they discover enemies lying in wait, and have to fight. Gwynofar barely manages to reach the chair, and activates its power. Suddenly, all Lyr in the world are connected, and they all receive a shared vision (to varying degrees) that, among other things, leads them to the same truth that Rhys had discovered regarding the formation of the Wrath and the apparent inactivity of the gods. Gwynofar and Kamala are allowed to walk out quietly, as everyone on both sides of the battle is stunned by their discovery. Rhys, however, has fallen in battle.
Colivar, having remembered what the unusual smell means (created by bonding with a souleater), takes Lazaroth, Ramirus, and one other Magister, return to Sideria's castle in an attempt to find her and confront her. They discover that most of the people in the castle have been killed or at least placed into a coma by souleater attack, and Sideria has gotten away.

</doc>
<doc id="21412414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412414" title="La Habra Stakes">
La Habra Stakes

The La Habra Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race for three-year-old fillies run at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California early in the year. A Grade III stakes race, it's set at a distance of about 6 and 1/2 furlongs on the Hillside Turf Course, and offers a purse of $100,000.
This race is named for the city of La Habra, California, some distance south of the Santa Anita Racetrack. Once a land grant named by its owner, Rancho Cañada de La Habra, it's one of southern California's earliest settlements.
The race was not run in 2010.
Super Freaky holds the stakes record at 1:12.66. In 2009, Pasar Silbano ran it in 1:12.67.

</doc>
<doc id="21412421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412421" title="List of Kilkenny senior hurling team seasons">
List of Kilkenny senior hurling team seasons


</doc>
<doc id="21412422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412422" title="David McDowell">
David McDowell

David M. McDowell (1963-2014) David was born in Haddam, Connecticut was a psychiatrist, author and creative consultant. He co-founded the Substance Treatment and Research Service at Columbia University and served as its medical director. He also founded Columbia's Buprenorphine Program, the first such treatment program for opiate addiction in the United States, which according to the "New York Times" had an 88% success rate. His scholarly work has focused on co-occurring psychiatric disorders and substance abuse problems, particularly club drugs and marijuana. McDowell's book "Substance Abuse: From Principles to Practice", is one of the more highly regarded and accessible books on the subject, and is excerpted in the American Psychiatric Association's textbook on substance abuse treatment.
Background.
In 1985 McDowell graduated "cum laude" from College of the Holy Cross with a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts. He then attended Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons until 1989, interned in medicine at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, and did his residency in psychiatry at the College of Physicians & Surgeons. He is board certified in psychiatry with qualifications in addiction psychiatry by the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology, and was a visiting clinical fellow at the College of Physicians and Surgeons, and a fellow in the Division of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse at NYU Medical Center.
Career.
In 1995, McDowell joined the faculty of Columbia University’s Division on Substance Abuse in the Department of Psychiatry. He co-founded the school's Substance Treatment and Research Service (STARS) with Herbert Kleber, former Assistant Drug Czar in the George H. W. Bush administration. McDowell acted as the medical director until 2004, and retains a position as senior medical adviser. In 2004, he founded the Buprenorphine Program at Columbia University, the first such opiate treatment program in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21412426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412426" title="Arthur Rowley (footballer born 1870)">
Arthur Rowley (footballer born 1870)

Arthur Rowley (born 1870; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale and Stoke, and in the Southern League with Bristol Rovers. He was the first player to score a goal straight from a direct free kick in the Football League.
Playing career.
Rowley played for Leek, Distillery, and the North Staffordshire Regiment, before joining Stoke in 1896. He became a useful addition to the Stoke squad, taking over the right half position from the ageing Davy Brodie. He played four First Division games in the 1896–97 season, before becoming a first team regular in the 1897–98 and 1898–99 campaigns. He spent three seasons at the Victoria Ground, making 62 appearances.
He played for Bristol Rovers in the Southern League before joining Burslem Port Vale in September 1902. He played 27 league games in the 1902–03 season, as Vale posted a ninth place finish in the Second Division. He became the first player to score a goal straight from a direct free kick in the Football League on 7 September 1903, in a 3–2 defeat to Bolton Wanderers at the Athletic Ground. He claimed two goals in 38 games in the 1903–04 campaign, but left the club before the start of the 1904–05 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21412429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412429" title="Pearl S. Buck Birthplace">
Pearl S. Buck Birthplace

The Pearl S. Buck Birthplace is a historic home in Hillsboro, West Virginia where American writer Pearl S. Buck was born. The home now serves as a museum offering guided tours. The site also includes a carpentry shop and barn with over 100 historic farm and woodworking tools, and the log home of Buck's father's family, the Sydenstrickers, which was moved from Greenbrier County.
History.
Built around 1875, the three-story home was constructed by hand by a Dutch refugee family escaping religious persecution in the Netherlands. Buck was born at the house in 1892 while her parents, Caroline Stulting and Absalom Sydenstricker, were on leave from Presbyterian missionary work in China. They returned to China three months after her birth.
Pearl S. Buck was the first American woman to win both the Pulitzer Prize (1932, for "The Good Earth") and the Nobel Prize for Literature (1938). A world-renowned author, she wrote over 100 books and hundreds of short stories and magazine articles. Her books have been translated into 69 foreign languages.
Preservation and current use.
Buck herself was heavily involved in the preservation and restoration of the house. In the book "My Mother's House" she shared her vision for the museum:
If it (the house) ever lives again, and God grant it may for my Mother's memory, I hope it will live a new life, not for myself or for my family but for people. I would like it to belong to everyone who cares to go there. From that home has come so much life - that it ought never to die or fall into ruin.
For my ancestors, it provided shelter and home in a new land, a house where they lived their new lives with traditional dignity... For my mother, it provided a home, living forever in her thought and memory, though she made dwelling places in a far country. For me it is a living heart in the country I knew was my own but which was strange to me until I returned to the house where I was born. For me that house was a gateway to America. May it live again, my Mother's house, and may it prove for others, too, a gateway to new thoughts and dreams and ways of life.
Guided tours of the house are available May 1 - November 1, Mondays, and Thursdays through Saturday, or by appointment. The site also hosts various events throughout the year, including:
The Stulting House.
The Stulting family, Pearl Buck's maternal ancestors, moved from Utrecht, the Netherlands, in 1847 with 300 of their friends and relatives so that they might practice their religion freely during a time of religious intolerance in the Netherlands. They were forced to leave the land they loved and move to a strange new country. The party consisted of Cornelius Stulting (called "Mynheer" in Pearl Buck's books), his wife Arnolda, and their five married sons and their families—three generations.
Upon arrival in New York, the families and friends began to go their own ways. The Stultings moved to West Virginia, then a part of Virginia, and purchased land. After first settling in Dutch Bottom, they bought a small farmland of , of which the Pearl S. Buck Birthplace Foundation now owns 13 acres. It is located in the area commonly referred to as "Little Levels," surrounding the town of Hillsboro in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.
Pearl S. Buck's great grandfather, Cornelius "Mynheer" Stulting, had a yearning to build a house like the one they had in the Netherlands. His wife, Arnolda, was homesick, and he hoped that the new house would help her accept living in America more easily.
The Stulting men worked very hard and all supplies for building were taken from the land. They worked more than two years and the house was nearly completed when Cornelius "Mynheer" took a chill and became very ill. He died before seeing the house completed. The house was finally finished by Hermanus, Pearl Buck's grandfather, and his son, Cornelius John, with the knowledge and fine craftsmanship they had learned from their ancestors, and the family moved into the house: "There at the edge of the settlement they built it, a goodly, twelve room house of wood, with smooth floors and plastered and paper wall, a city house" ("The Exile", 29-30).
Pearl Buck's mother, Caroline, often called "Carrie," was reared in this house. She married Absalom Sydenstricker, one of the nine children of Andrew and Frances Coffman Sydenstricker of Ronceverte, West Virginia. Shortly after their marriage, they left for China to become missionaries. "They were pioneer missionaries and worked in more than a dozen places in China. Sometimes no other white family lived in their town" ("My Mother's House", 35).
The Sydenstrickers visited this home frequently on their furloughs, which were usually every nine years, and it was during one of these visits that Pearl Comfort Sydenstricker was born in her grandfather's home on June 26, 1892.
Since her childhood was spent in China, Pearl's visits here enlarged her love for this American home, which her mother had instilled in her with many stories. 
The Stulting family enjoyed and taught music, practiced its fine craftsmanship, became school teachers, raised children, and shared joys and sorrows together in the house until 1922. Mr. George P. Edgar then bought the house and made it a winter home for his family until the early 1960s. 
Then the home was purchased by Mr. Jim Comstock to preserve it for its historical value. After raising about $4,000 from the West Virginia Hillbilly newspaper readers, he asked the West Virginia Federation of Women's Clubs to take over the purchase. The purchase and restoration were made possible by the donations of clubwomen across the state.
The Stulting Barn.
According to research undertaken during the restoration, the inner structure that served as the foundation for the restoration dates to the mid-to-late 1860s. The nails used to hold the weatherboarding in place may be dated at approximately 1830 to 1890. This siding contained vertical saw marks which were uniform indicating the use of an up and down action power saw which may have been water powered. This would date the siding at about 1830 to about 1860—prior to circular saw use for the area. The structural framing details also fit this period of dating, about 1830 to 1860. Structural research indicates that the barn was built with the sheds all at one time. 
Today, this barn with its antique farm implements and equipment, with a hayloft, stalls, and raised storage area, lacks only the farm animals to make it typical of the 1892 era.
The Sydenstricker House.
This house was a gift to the Birthplace Foundation from two sisters, Mrs. Lucille Spencer, of Richwood, and Mrs. Leona Bonin, who lived in it before building a new home on the Sydenstricker farm.The house was moved from its original site and rebuilt in Hillsboro. 
The Sydenstricker house was the birthplace of Pearl's father,Dr. Absalom Sydenstricker, Presbyterian missionary to China for his entire adult life. The original log section is a museum for Sydenstricker items and the period 1834–1880. The house was built in 1834 by Andrew Sydenstricker, who married Frances Coffman on January 16, 1834 and became the father of nine children, including Absalom. Five of Andrew's sons became ministers, four Presbyterian and one Methodist.
The Sydenstricker family was very prominent in Greenbrier County. Philip Sydenstricker, great-great-grandfather of Pearl S. Buck, came to America from Bavaria (Germany) -- first to Pennsylvania, then on to West Virginia ("Virginia" at the time) after the Revolutionary War, settling on a farm near Ronceverte, Greenbrier County, in what is known as the Fort Springs area. He arrived in America by ship on September 26, 1764.
The original two-story section of the house was built of logs, and later covered with siding to match the additional part of the house, which was added as the family grew. The siding was removed in the reconstruction of the house. 
Reconstruction was begun with a $15,000 grant from the West Virginia Bicentennial Committee. The grant enabled the Birthplace Foundation to dismantle the house, transport the building materials to Hillsboro, and to put in the foundation. An additional $12,000 was invested in it from contributions for this purpose. A grant from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation of $25,000 has enabled it to be completed in 1892. The Pearl Buck Birthplace Foundation seeks donated items for this house, especially Sydenstricker memorabilia and furniture.
Pearl S. Buck Memorial Garden.
A few trees on the ground were originally planted by the Stultings, including a stately old Chinese mulberry tree which until recently stood in front of the house by the right. It had been brought as a seedling from China by Pearl Buck's missionary parents. Several other mulberry trees can still be seen on the property.
In "The Exile", Pearl Buck wrote about her memory of the maple tree in front of the house: "There was an enormous old sugar maple to the left and there was a stile under it. Here many a time led her horse to mount it." 
It was this same maple tree that Pearl Buck fondly referred to during a visit to her birthplace. She gazed beneath the tree and softly said, "I would like to be buried underneath that tree." But she qualified this by saying her children would make the final choice.

</doc>
<doc id="21412437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412437" title="Agustin Reyes">
Agustin Reyes

Gus Reyes is an American theatre director who for nearly 10 years was co-founder and Producing Artistic Director of The Next Stage Company. Next Stage was a New York-based performing arts company, where he produced and/or directed over 200 shows. In New York Reyes also directed plays, staged reading and or workshops at the Roundabout, Atlantic Theatre (Stage 2), MTC, MCC, Summer Play Festival, the Underwood Theatre and Epic Rep. Regionally, he has worked at the Hartford Stage and the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center in Connecticut, the Adirondack Theatre Festival in New York, the Salt Lake Acting Company in Utah, Onyx in North Carolina, and the Philadelphia Theatre Company in Pennsylvania.
Reyes is the president and owner of Stolen Car Productions, specializing in production, post production and music for film and television, where he directs and or executive produces commercials, documentaries and film projects. It is also Executive Producer for JECO Music, creators of music for film and TV.
Theatre credits.
Regional.
Various Staged Readings: Hartford Stage, Eugene O'Neill Theater Center, MTC, New Dramatists, etc.
Teacher/Guest Artist/Artist Residencies: New York University Faculty, O'Neill, NTI, University of Utah
Education: North Carolina School of the Arts, B.F.A.
Related skills and experience: Fluent in Spanish; produced over 200 productions and workshops of new plays, films, dance and music concerts, solo performance, and multimedia works.

</doc>
<doc id="21412470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412470" title="HP Pavilion dv 6767tx">
HP Pavilion dv 6767tx


</doc>
<doc id="21412475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412475" title="Minuscule 204">
Minuscule 204

Minuscule 204 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 357 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the New Testament (except Book of Revelation) on 443 parchment leaves (size ). The order of books: Gospels, Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles. The text is written in one column per page, in 25 lines per page.
It has no the Epistula ad Carpianum. The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There are no a division according to the Ammonian Sections.
It contains Prolegomena, Eusebian Canon tables, synaxaria, numbered ("lessons"), lectionary equipment at the margin, Menologion, subscriptions at the end of each book, numbers of stichoi, pictures, and the Euthalian Apparatus.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to the textual family Kx. Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the textual family Kr in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made. It belongs to the subgroup 35.
History.
Formerly the manuscript belonged to the monastery S. Salvator in Bologna. 
It was examined by Birch, Scholz, Dean Burgon, and Oscar von Gebhardt. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. 
Since 1867 it is housed at the Bologna University (2775), at Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="21412482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412482" title="Callinectes similis">
Callinectes similis

Callinectes similis, sometimes called the "lesser blue crab" or "dwarf crab", is a species of blue crab described in 1966.
Description.
"Callinectes similis" is a good swimmer, and its last pereiopods are expanded to paddles with which it swims. Adult males may grow up to a width of , while females may reach .
"C. similis" is most closely related to "Callinectes danae", a species also found in the Gulf of Mexico, but whose range extends as far south as Rio Grande do Sul, and "C. ornatus", a species found from North Carolina to Rio Grande do Sul. "C. similis" is most easily separated from "C. danae" and "C. ornatus" by the form of the first and second pleopods in males. It can be told apart from the more distantly related "C. sapidus" by the number of teeth on the front edge of the carapace, there being six in "C. similis" and only two in "C. sapidus".
Distribution.
"Callinectes similis" is found in the Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico from the United States to Colombia. It reaches its northern limit near Delaware Bay. There has been considerable confusion between the various species of "Callinectes", and it now appears that all individuals reported as "C. danae" and "C. ornatus" from the Gulf of Mexico (with the exception of parts of Florida) are actually "C. similis".
Ecology.
"C. similis" lives in marshes and estuaries, being the dominant crab in open bays. The species is limited to salinities of at least 15‰, and temperature may also affect reproduction.
The diet of "C. similis" consists of a variety of foodstuffs, including plants, fish, polychaetes, other crustaceans including "Farfantepenaeus aztecus" and "Portunus gibbesii", molluscs such as "Mulinia lateralis", and detritus.
Spawning takes place in the spring and fall, with females returning to estuaries to release their eggs. Ovigerous (egg-carrying) females carry an average of more than 250,000 eggs.
Fishery.
Although it is not usually targeted because of its relatively small size, "C. similis" is sometimes caught alongside "C. sapidus".

</doc>
<doc id="21412487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412487" title="Larissa Diadkova">
Larissa Diadkova

Larissa Ivanovna Diadkova (; born 1954) is a Russian mezzo-soprano.
Career.
For her musical education, she studied at Kazan Conservatory before moving on to the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. In 1978, she became a member of the Kirov Opera where she initially sang small roles. As a member of the Kirov Opera, Diadkova toured internationally under company director Valery Gergiev. She made her Metropolitan Opera debut in 1996 as Madelon in "Andrea Chénier" and performed the role of Marfa in "The Tsar's Bride" at La Scala in 1998. She also appeared in four Metropolitan productions in 1998: "Prince Igor", "Ruslan and Lyudmila", "Mazeppa" and "Betrothal in a Monastery". Her other notable roles include Ježibaba in a 2002 modernization of "Rusalka" and Azucena opposite Roberto Alagna.
Personal life.
Diadokva lives in Luxembourg with her husband, a former singer with the Mariinsky Theatre, and their 24-year-old daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21412492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412492" title="Anish Giri">
Anish Giri

Anish Giri (born June 28, 1994) is a Russian-Dutch chess prodigy. He achieved the grandmaster title at the age of 14 years, 7 months and 2 days when he beat Venezuelan GM Eduardo Iturrizaga in the C Group of the 2009 Corus Chess Tournament in Wijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.
Family.
Giri is the son of a Nepalese father (Sanjay Giri), and a Russian mother (Olga Giri). Giri was born in St. Petersburg, Russia on 28 June 1994. In 2002, he moved to Japan with his parents. Since then he had been residing in Japan, and visiting St. Petersburg regularly. Since February 2008, Giri and his family have been living in the Netherlands, in the Dutch city of Rijswijk where his father is working in a research and consulting foundation (Deltares). He has two sisters, Natasha and Ayusha.
Chess career.
Giri's first club was a local youth sport club 'DYUSH-2' in St. Petersburg, Russia. His trainers in this club were Asya Kovalyova and Andrei Praslov. He was a member of the Japan Chess Association and the Sapporo Chess Club during his stay in Japan.
Giri has been playing for SK Turm Emsdetten since 2008 in the German Chess Bundesliga (the premier league of team chess in Germany). He is the youngest ever player in the history of this league. Furthermore, he has been affiliated with several Dutch chess clubs, including the HSG (Hilversum Chess Society), the Delftsche SchaakClub (Delft Chess Club), HMC Calder and En Passant. He plays in Spanish league for chess club Sestao Naturgas Energia. He used to play in the French league (TOP-16) for l'Echiquier Châlonnais and Russian league for SHSM-64 (Moscow). 
He does not have intensive chess training facilities, he has mostly been working by himself. The Dutch Olympic Committee and KNSB (Dutch Chess Federation) is providing him support for some training sessions with Vladimir Chuchelov (although he is no longer an official coach of KNSB and working with other professional chess players).
Schooling.
In June 2013, Giri finished his 'middelbare' (secondary) school, by passing the national exam at Grotius College in Delft. His favourite subjects include physics, mathematics, geography and history.
Unlike most other prodigies, Giri was a regular secondary school pupil, following classes every day, save for some limited absences allowed by the school during major tournaments and events. He wants to concentrate on chess for a year before entering to the university.
Other interests and skills.
Giri speaks fluently Russian, English and Dutch and a little bit of Japanese and Nepalese. In school, he studied German as well. He likes to play football and table tennis.
He annotated a number of top games for the popular chess site ChessBase, and has written several articles, including analyses of his own games for chess magazines, such as "New in Chess", "64 (chess magazine)", and "Schach Magazin 64". He used to be a columnist for the magazine ChessVibes Training. He has been regularly contributing to his own Official website.

</doc>
<doc id="21412510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412510" title="Non-reversing mirror">
Non-reversing mirror

A Non-reversing mirror (sometimes marketed as a "True mirror") is a mirror that presents its subject as it would be seen from the mirror. A non-reversing mirror can be made by connecting two regular mirrors at their edges at a 90 degree angle. If the join is positioned so that it is vertical, an observer looking into the angle will see a non-reversed image. This can be seen in public toilets when there are mirrors on two walls which are at right angles. Looking towards the corner, such an image is visible. The problem with this type of non-reversing mirror is that there is a big line down the middle interrupting the image. However, if first surface mirrors are used, and care is taken to set the angle to exactly 90 degrees, the join can be made invisible.
Another type of non-reversing mirror can be made by making the mirror concave (curved inwards like a bowl). At a certain distance from the mirror a non-reversed image will appear. The disadvantage of this is that it only works at a certain distance.
A third type of non-reversing mirror was created by Mathematics Professor R. Andrew Hicks in 2009. It was created using computer algorithms to generate a "disco ball" like surface. The thousands of tiny mirrors are angled which creates a surface that curves and bends in different directions. The curves direct rays from an object across the mirror's face before sending them back to the viewer, flipping the conventional mirror image.
A patent for a non-reversing mirror was issued to John Joseph Hooker in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="21412530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412530" title="2009 Huddersfield Giants season">
2009 Huddersfield Giants season

2009 was the Huddersfield Giants' 146th year in rugby league, entering their eleventh Super League season and the 2009 Challenge Cup.
Transfers.
Transfers for 2009 (In)
Transfers for 2009 (Out)

</doc>
<doc id="21412541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412541" title="Giovanni Francesco Sagredo">
Giovanni Francesco Sagredo

Giovanni Francesco Sagredo (1571– 5 March 1620) was a Venetian mathematician and close friend of Galileo, who wrote:
"Many years ago I was often to be found in the marvelous city of Venice, in discussions with Signore Giovanni Francesco Sagredo, a man of noble extraction and trenchant wit."
Sagredo added a scale to Galileo's thermoscope to enable the quantitative measurement of temperature, and produced more convenient portable thermometers. Sagredo also discussed with Galileo the possibility of a telescope using a mirror (a reflecting telescope). Galileo honoured him after his death by making him one of the characters in Dialogue Concerning the Two Chief World Systems discussing the Copernican and the Ptolemaic theories of astronomy.
In 1619, Galileo and Sagredo exchanged portraits. There are two existing portraits, in the Zhytomyr Regional Museum and the Ashmolean Museum. They are attributed to the brothers Leandro Bassano and Gerolamo Bassano.
Sagredo died 5 March 1620, leaving his possessions to his brother Zaccaria, who largely disposed of them: Sagredo's collection of letters has not been found. Sagredo's letters to Gilbert were destroyed in the Great Fire of London.

</doc>
<doc id="21412571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412571" title="Courier City-Oscawana">
Courier City-Oscawana

Courier City-Oscawana is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida. As of the 2000 census the neighborhood had a population of 1,531. The ZIP Codes serving the neighborhood are 33606 and 33609. 
Geography.
Courier City-Oscawana boundaries are John F. Kennedy Boulevard to the north, Armenia Avenue to the west, Swann Avenue to the South, and Rome Avenue to the east.
Demographics.
"Source: Hillsborough County Atlas"
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,531 people and 1,038 households residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 6,137/mi². The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 89% White, 5% African American, 0% Native American, 2% Asian, 9% from other races, and 6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 26% of the population.
There were 1,038 households out of which 5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 17% were married couples living together, 28% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20% were non-families. 61% of all households were made up of individuals. 
In the neighborhood the population was spread out with 4% under the age of 18, 58% from 18 to 34, 23% from 35 to 49, 9% from 50 to 64, and 6% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 132.6 males.
The per capita income for the neighborhood was $42,024. About 10% of the population were below the poverty line.

</doc>
<doc id="21412611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412611" title="Minuscule 205">
Minuscule 205

Minuscule 205 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 500 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment, from the 15th century. It has some marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the New Testament on 441 parchment leaves (size ). The order of books: Gospels, Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles, and Apocalypse. It is written in one column per page, in 55-56 lines per page.
It contains Prolegomena to Catholic and Pauline epistles, lists of the ("tables of contents") before each book, numbers of the ("chapters") are given at the margin in Greek and Latin, the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages, and subscriptions at the end of each book. Text of Mark 16:8-20 is marked by an obelus. 
It contains also the Old Testament (except Book of Daniel).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type in the Gospels and the Byzantine text-type in rest of books of the codex. Aland placed it in Category III in Gospels and Revelation, and in Category V in rest of books.
It is a member of the Family 1 in the Gospels. It creates a pair with 209.
History.
Paleographically it has been assigned to the 15th century. The manuscript was written by John Rhosus to Cardinal Bessarion († 1472), together with the codices 354 and 357. Rhosus was librarian of Cardinal. In 1468 it was sent to the library of Cardinal. 
It was examined by Birch and Burgon. G. F. Rinck considers it in the Gospels a mere copy of the codex 209. Burgon argued that both were transcribed from the same uncial archetype as codex 209. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
It is currently housed at the Biblioteca Marciana (Gr. Z 6), at Venice, together with the 205abs, which is evidently a copy of 205.

</doc>
<doc id="21412621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412621" title="Tensift River">
Tensift River

Tensift is a river in central Morocco. It takes spring in the eastern High Atlas, north of the Tizi-n-Tichka pass. It passes close to the city of Marrakech and has its outlet into the Atlantic Ocean at the ancient fortress of Souira Qedima, around 40 km south from Safi. Its water discharge changes according to rainfall; it is one of the ten major rivers of Morocco, but frequently can be waded through even close to its outlet.

</doc>
<doc id="21412631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412631" title="Yakubu Adamu">
Yakubu Adamu

Yakubu Adamu (born 4 October 1981) is a former Nigerian football player who last played for FSV Zwickau.
Career.
He played for one season in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli.

</doc>
<doc id="21412640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412640" title="HRC Culinary Academy">
HRC Culinary Academy

HRC Culinary Academy is an accredited culinary school in Dobrich and Sofia, Bulgaria. Founded in February 2008, the academy has more than 150 full time students from 18 nations. HRC Culinary Academy is the first culinary school in Eastern Europe.
Curriculum.
The Academy's Culinary Arts programme is a two-year course that prepares students for careers in the international hotel and culinary industry. The course focuses on hands-on training. The HRC Culinary Academy programme covers a curriculum from knife skills and sauce-making to budgeting and menu engineering. Classes are taught by international chef instructors and guest chefs from around the world. The instruction language at the HRC Culinary Academy is English.
Students at the academy have the opportunity to work in restaurant or hotel kitchens during their two paid industry placements in Europe, Middle East, South Africa and the United States.
Campus.
HRC Academy facilities include training kitchens, a fine dining restaurant, a la carte kitchen, demonstration theatre, wine cellar and culinary library. The HRC Academy features branch locations in Dobrich near the Black Sea, and in Bulgaria's capital Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="21412644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412644" title="Education in Portland, Oregon">
Education in Portland, Oregon

Portland, Oregon contains six public school districts, many private schools, as well as public and private colleges and universities including Portland State University, the largest public university in Oregon.
Public elementary and secondary education.
Portland is served by six school districts, Parkrose, David Douglas, Centennial, Reynolds, Riverdale, and Portland Public. The largest, Portland Public School District consists of about 100 schools covering, in various combinations, grades kindergarten through 12, as well as 50 special education programs. The number of students in the school district is approximately 53,000 — an enrollment of over 90% of the available school-age children, a higher percentage than other large urban school districts. Some of the elementary schools include; Hollyrood, Martin Luther King Jr., Laurelhurst and Harvey Scott. Also here are a list of some of the middle schools; Harriet Tubman, Beaumont, Fernwood and Gregory Heights.
Parkrose and David Douglas school districts are also fully contained within the city. The Parkrose District has a single high school, a middle school and four elementary schools.
Private primary and secondary education.
The region also has a number of private schools, including: Catlin Gabel School, Central Catholic High School, De La Salle North Catholic High School, Franciscan Montessori Earth School & Saint Francis Academy, French American International School, The International School, The Northwest Academy, Oregon Episcopal School, St. Mary's Academy, Trinity Academy, Trinity Lutheran Church and School, Portland Waldorf School, Portland Jewish Academy, Village Free School, Holy Family Catholic School, Columbia Christian Schools, Portland Christian Schools, Pacific Crest Community School, Village Home Education Resource Center and Choices Independent Learning and Portland Adventist Academy.
Colleges and universities.
Public colleges and universities.
Portland State University, with graduate and undergraduate enrollment of over 26,000, is Oregon's largest university. Its primary campus is at the southern edge of downtown.
Oregon Health and Science University (OHSU) began as the University of Oregon Medical School in 1913. In addition to its medical, nursing, and dental divisions (see below), it merged with the Oregon Graduate Institute of Science and Technology in 2001, taking on its current name and composition.
Portland Community College has two major campuses in the city—Cascade and Sylvania—as well as the smaller Southeast Center and Metropolitan Workforce Training Center. The third large campus—Rock Creek—is located outside of the city in unincorporated Washington County.
Private colleges and universities.
Portland Bible College, Walla Walla University (School of Nursing), and Western Seminary are also located in the city.
Medical schools.
OHSU has a major medical, dental, and nursing school at its primary campus just south of downtown, in the West Hills. The campus anchors a medical district (affectionately called "Pill Hill") surrounded by other hospitals including a Veterans Affairs Hospital, Portland Shriners Hospital, and Doernbecher Children's Hospital.
Schools of alternative medicine include Oregon College of Oriental Medicine, the National College of Natural Medicine, and Western States Chiropractic College.
Law schools.
Portland's only law school is Lewis & Clark Law School, affiliated with Lewis & Clark College.
Art schools.
These include the Art Institute of Portland, Pacific Northwest College of Art, Oregon College of Art and Craft, and Northwest Film Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21412646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412646" title="Mikkel Birkegaard">
Mikkel Birkegaard

Mikkel Birkegaard is a Danish author of fantasy fiction. He lives in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21412652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412652" title="Psychoville">
Psychoville

Psychoville is a British dark mystery psychological thriller sit-com written by and starring "The League of Gentlemen" members Reece Shearsmith and Steve Pemberton. It debuted on BBC Two on 18 June 2009. Pemberton and Shearsmith each play numerous characters, with Dawn French and Jason Tompkins in additional starring roles. The first series was followed by a Halloween special, broadcast on 31 October 2010, which saw Imelda Staunton added to the main cast along with previously supporting actors Eileen Atkins and Daniel Kaluuya. The second series started broadcasting on 5 May 2011 and ended on 6 June. Reece Shearsmith has officially announced that there will not be a third series.
Premise.
The series revolves around five different characters from different parts of England: David Sowerbutts (played by Pemberton), a serial killer-obsessed man-child who still lives with his mother Maureen (Shearsmith); Mr. Jelly (Shearsmith), an embittered one-handed children's entertainer; Oscar Lomax (Pemberton), a blind millionaire who collects stuffed toy animals; Joy Aston (French), a midwife who treats a practice doll as if it is her real child; and Robert Greenspan (Tompkins), a panto dwarf in love with his Snow White who believes he has the power of telekinesis. All five are connected by a mysterious blackmailer who has sent them a letter each with the message: "I know what you did". 
The series is named after the title given to "The League of Gentlemen" when the series was sold to Japan and Korea.
Plot.
The series features a diverse set of five characters who live in different parts of England, all of whom have been blackmailed by the same individual (referred to in the credits for episode seven as "Black Gloved Man"), who has given them each a letter with the message "I know what you did…" In the second episode, the blackmailer leaves them a second message that reads, "You killed her". In the third episode they receive a videotape showing them in an asylum together (several having previously revealed that they had been institutionalised) performing "Close Every Door" from the musical "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat". It is later disclosed that the institution was called Ravenhill Hospital. In Episodes Five and Six, the characters discover the final message: a key depicting a raven. At least David's letter also contains the message "I'm waiting...".
Ultimately it is revealed that Joy, Robert, David and Oscar were involved in the death of Nurse Edwina Kenchington (Eileen Atkins), who is the blackmailer's mother, and Dr Stuart Strachen, aka Mr Jolly. Jolly blackmailed Jelly whom he blamed most, as he was operating on Jelly's hand (which was later amputated after the operation went wrong) while Kenchington was dying. David knocked her over and Joy pronounced her dead. The group started a fire to cover their tracks, but Kenchington woke up and attempted to escape. Oscar, Joy and Robert prevented her from leaving the room she was trapped in, but she somehow survived and returns to Ravenhill in the final episode looking for her locket. At the end of the series, Mr Jolly blows up part of the asylum with most of the main characters and Kenchington inside and it is revealed that Robert has the locket.
Series two begins with Mr Jelly, Oscar, and Oscar's assistant Michael, aka "Tealeaf", attending the funeral of Mr Jolly. Afterwards, Jelly is given a box of Jolly's props, which also turns out to contain Strachen's mobile phone and his ID card at Andrews Nanotech. Posing as Mr Jolly, Mr Jelly discovers that Strachen was using his surgical skills to deal in the black market organ trade, and that Kenchington had an account with a cryogenic storage facility where her late father Ehrlichmann's head was kept frozen. Meanwhile, Andrews Nanotech has hired a police detective to retrieve Kenchington's locket by any means necessary. Robert gives the locket to Debbie for safekeeping, but after Robert's death, Debbie gives it away to make-up lady Hattie. Detective Finney tracks down the former Ravenhill patients, questioning, then killing, Joy, Robert, and Oscar, and attempting to kill Mrs Wren. Oscar's friend, toyshop owner Peter Bishop, deduces that Oscar was killed for his connection to Ravenhill. He enlists Tealeaf's help with his investigation and they successfully retrieve the locket from Hattie before Finney can get to it, and contact Mr Jelly, whose own investigations have resulted in him taking possession of Ehrlichmann's frozen head. Bishop kills Tealeaf and travels to London with Mr Jelly to attempt to sell the locket and head to Grace Andrews. It is revealed that the method for restoring a frozen head to life, worked out by Edwina Kenchington, was microscopically engraved on the links of the locket chain, and using this information, Andrews' team is able to bring Erlichmann's head back to life. The head is subsequently destroyed, but the technique has been proven to work. The series ends with the revelation that David Sowerbutts is storing the corpse of his mother Maureen (who has died of cancer) in a bathtub filled with ice, suggesting that she could be resurrected by the same technique.
Main characters.
David and Maureen Sowerbutts.
David Sowerbutts (Pemberton) is a man-child who lives with his mother Maureen (Shearsmith). David is a simple man who cannot hold down a job because of his lack of skill and his morbid obsession with famous serial killers.
One night at his work as part of a murder mystery evening, David ad-libs a far more gruesome murder scenario (including disembowelment) and is fired. Upon returning home, Maureen believes her son has actually killed someone. She finds the blackmail note saying "I know what you did", and mistakenly believes it is from Graham (Nicholas Le Prevost), David's boss. She asks him not to go to the police, but (knowing nothing about the note) Graham mistakenly believes Maureen is blackmailing him about his conviction for molestation. Then he tries to call the police but Maureen and David take him hostage. Graham escapes but gets run over as he flees. Maureen decides they must kill everyone who knows about the "murder" (not realising it wasn't real) and she and David kill Cheryl (Janet McTeer), another member of the company, by electrocuting her.
In the fourth episode they strangle another company member, Martin Pike (David Smallbone) . David feels guilty for killing his own father many years before by giving him too many sleeping pills to help him sleep. Before they can leave, a man claiming to be a police inspector (Mark Gatiss) arrives, mistaking David for Martin Pike. He wants to interview Pike about recent murders in the area. While Maureen is out of the room, the "inspector" reveals that he is really auditioning for a role in the murder reenactments. David goes to fetch their car and Maureen, who believes the inspector knows about their murders, confesses the truth about her husband's death; she had been poisoning him for months and let David take the blame. That was why David was institutionalised. The actor thinks she was improvising in the scene and breaks character, revealing that he isn't a real inspector. He starts to tell David what she said, but Maureen covers for herself with excuses. When the actor leaves, David says he doesn't want to commit any more murders. However, the actor returns to collect his coat and sees Martin Pike's body, so David has to then kill him.
David's next victim (Robin) is to meet him at a wax museum, in the section devoted to famous serial killers, but after meeting him there, all the wax works come to life in a musical number and convinces David that the real monster is his mother, so he lets Robin go free. Maureen leaves with David, believing that Robin was killed. Their last victim is supposed to be Lorraine (Natalie Cassidy), and Maureen suggests that they barbecue her corpse to "celebrate." David has a flashback to Ravenhill, with a horrified Joy exclaiming that he killed Nurse Kenchington; and refuses to kill anyone else. Maureen locks him in and goes to murder Lorraine herself. She goes to where Lorraine works. Lorraine recognises her and lets slip that the "murder" David committed was just an enactment. Realising the implications of what she and David have done, Maureen takes a drug overdose. She tries to smother David with a pillow, as she thinks he is asleep under a sheet, but realises too late that he has escaped. Maureen collapses. David is seen walking towards Ravenhill with what appears to be a severed head in a bag.
David attempts to turn himself in by going to a Citizens' Advice Bureau, but the apathetic advisor refuses to help him. He instead goes to the grave of Nurse Kenchington. Flashbacks reveal the full story of her murder. David hears Kenchington's voice urging him to dig up the grave, which he does. She then appears, seeking her locket. When she doesn't find it, she shoots David. However he is carrying a watermelon in the bag and it saves his life. David is close enough to hear the explosion at the end.
In series 2, David visits Maureen, who survived her suicide attempt, but has a tumour in her liver, giving her only months to live. Returning home, they find another blackmail letter, again reading "I know what you did". They immediately suspect Robin, the one person who they did not murder and confront him at an audition. Failing to get their point across, Maureen invites Robin for dinner and he reveals he has a peanut allergy. After eating pudding laced with crushed peanuts Robin simply suffers severe gastric reactions, rather than death. He tells David he didn't send the blackmail letter. Meanwhile, Maureen performs an embarrassing Tina Turner act, leading David to reveal that she has cancer. She goes to bed, leaving David to clean up.
Later, David meets up with the real blackmailer - Simon from the Citizens' Advice Bureau. Because he has a large debt that he wants to clear, Simon asks David to murder his aunt, who is Mr Jelly's assistant, the elderly Mrs Wren. In return, David asks that his mother doesn't suffer any more. David breaks into Sunnydale Assisted Living to kill Mrs. Wren, but finds what appears to be her dead body, he leaves, believing the job was done. He actually found another lady named Pat, murdered by Detective Finney, believing her to be Mrs Wren. David returns home to find Maureen dismembering Simon. David tells her he simply intended for Simon to give her a disabled parking badge to stop the "suffering" she had been having from her bad leg, not murder her.
David decides to treat Maureen to a fun experience before she dies. Maureen hopes for wine-tasting in France, but David thought she wanted to go zorbing, which she enjoys anyway. Afterwards, she begins to cough up blood and is admitted to hospital. The doctor tells David that she won't make it through the night and sends them home. David recites a John Donne poem to her and Maureen dies peacefully. David then uses her corpse to perform a last dance - "Oops Upside Your Head" by The Gap Band, which was one of two cheerful songs Maureen wanted at her funeral (the other being "Superman" by Black Lace).
Mr Jelly, Mr Jolly and Claudia Wren.
Mr Jelly (his real name is Sean) (Shearsmith), is a one-handed clown from Salford, Greater Manchester. He incorporates his disability into his act, which he calls "Mr Jelly and his 100 hands" where he uses different artificial hands. He blames his recent failures on the similarly named Mr Jolly (Adrian Scarborough, eventually revealed as the blackmailer), whose is really Dr Stuart Strachen, who became a clown after botching Jelly's operation to cure his repetitive strain injury, causing his hand to be amputated. They fight in a ballpond, but when Jelly shows Jolly the blackmail letter, Jolly pretends that it was meant for him. At the end of episode three, Jolly is seen in the same video at the mental institution, but as a doctor.
Jolly reveals that the main characters were all present at Ravenhill Hospital and being cared for by Kenchington (later revealed as Jolly's mother), who was morally corrupt and sadistic, resulting in her death. Jolly tells Jelly that he plans to gather all the patients and anyone else involved and return to the scene of the crime to figure out what is going on.
In the sixth episode Jelly is performing at a retirement home when Jolly phones, asking to meet him. Jolly claims to have worked out the identity of the blackmailer: a highly dangerous and psychotic individual from Ravenhill. When Jelly arrives, Jolly fakes his own murder. The blackmailer then phones the police and says he had seen two clowns fighting.
Upon arriving Jelly and Claudia Wren, who he is handcuffed to, enter the hospital, find the others and are confronted by their blackmailer, who is revealed as Mr Jolly. Jolly blames all of them (except the innocent, who just happened to be there) for the death of his mother, Nurse Kenchington. When Jelly protests that he had nothing to do with it, Jolly reveals that it was Jelly's hand operation he was in the middle of when his mother died. Kenchington then arrives, and frantically searches for her missing locket, but no one knows its whereabouts. A scuffle ensues until Jolly reveals that he has a bomb, which then explodes.
Three months later, Jelly attends the funeral of Jolly, where the two clowns are again mixed up, with Jelly's name on a wreath and the gravestone. At the wake, Jelly is given some of Jolly's possessions. When he examines them, he discovers an address on an ID card and a missed call on Jolly's mobile. Later he answers Jolly's mobile and accepts a booking intended for Jolly. He arrives at a large mansion and acts as "Mr Jolly", but it is revealed that Jelly was there to do a kidney removal - a business Jolly had on the side to add it to his income.
After phoning Michael, he figures out that he and Mrs Wren are both in danger of being murdered by Detective Finney. He gets her from Sunnydale before Finney or David find her. Jelly disguises himself as Jolly to gain access to the warehouse where the removed kidney is to be stored. There, they find Jelly's missing hand (which he drops and shatters) and a frozen severed head of Kenchington's father, Ehrlichmann. Jelly is told by Peter Bishop to bring the head to London.
After the successful reanimation of Ehrlichmann's head, Grace Andrews tells Kelvin to kill Jelly and Claudia, whom she believes to be a Russian spy. Kelvin takes them into a storage room and handcuffs Claudia to a chair, then tries to inject Jelly with deadly chemicals. They fight, and Jelly is saved at the last moment by Kerry, using her telekinetic powers. Jelly and Claudia confront Andrews in front of her financial backers, who denies having any connection to the murders, but her plan is revealed on her projection screen, resulting in her arrest.
Oscar Lomax, Michael Fry (Tealeaf) & Peter Bishop.
Oscar Lomax (Steve Pemberton) is a blind millionaire from Ilkley, West Yorkshire. He lives in a vast mansion with support coming only from Michael Fry (Daniel Kaluuya), who helps Lomax as community service. Lomax calls Michael "Tea leaf" because of his criminal background, "tea leaf" being cockney rhyming slang for "thief." Lomax spends his time collecting plush toys which he calls "commodities" and his "Holy of Holies", keeping them in a locked room. He carries a Club biscuit with him, mistaking it for a mobile phone.
Lomax only needs one more item to complete his collection, Snappy the Crocodile. He once discovered it online, but two more people, the Crabtree sisters (conjoined twins from Braintree, Essex) bought it before him. Lomax bought Snappy from the sisters in exchange for his eyes. After Ravenhill he let Snappy be stolen so he could once more feel the "thrill of the chase". Michael helps him make an offer on Snappy when it appears online, which results in a bidding war with the Crabtrees. The people selling Snappy withdraw the sale after seeing the demand for the toy. They tell Lomax he won the auction but then reveal that they don't know where Snappy is. Lomax tries to coax the information out of their son, but with no luck. Michael, meanwhile, bribes the child and escapes with the Crabtree sisters, along with the phone number of a third bidder who the son sent Snappy to. The bidder is the mysterious blackmailer. Michael cons the Crabtree sisters out of their money and arranges to meet the blackmailer at Ravenhill. There, Snappy has been left in a room. As Michael enters to collect Snappy, the door slams behind him and Joy locks it from the outside. Michael phones Lomax and begs to be rescued.
Lomax arrives with his new helper and they free Michael. Michael gives the toy crocodile to Oscar. The two walk out to a nearby cliff, where Lomax throws it over the edge. He confesses that he suffers from Paradise Syndrome. Only by yearning and searching for something can he be truly happy, thus he'll keep searching for Snappy. Michael gets fed up and attempts to leave, but the blackmailer steals his keys. Both he and Lomax are present when the building explodes.
Oscar and Michael attend Jolly's funeral, Michael with a broken arm that prevents him from driving and Oscar in a wheelchair and heavily deaf. They and Jelly are interviewed by Detective Finney about the events at Ravenhill, and Michael shows Jelly information about Kenchington's hidden embezzled funds, which she planned to collect later. Her two-year absence is explained by her waiting until the fuss surrounding her disappearance had died down. Later Lomax reveals why he hates Tony Hancock; they were best friends until Lomax found discovered his son, Billy, was not his, but Hancock's. His son has been trying to contact him, but Lomax ignores him. As Michael puts the latest letters in the rubbish outside, Billy Lomax is seen hiding in the bushes.
Later, Lomax admits that he himself is Tony Hancock; his best friend, whose wife Lomax/Hancock slept with, died following the betrayal. Michael persuades Hancock/Lomax to reunite with his son. However, Hancock/Lomax is murdered by Finney moments before the reunion, with the body arranged to look like suicide. Michael goes to visit Peter Bishop, owner of Hoyti Toyti's toy shop, which Lomax visited frequently. Bishop tells Michael that the toy shop is a front for his real business: trading Nazi memorabilia. They puzzle over the Ravenhill patients, believing that they were murdered, and discover that Edwina Kenchington was the daughter of a brilliant German scientist called Ehrlichmann. He had founded Ravenhill to perform experiments on people after World War II. Bishop also finds a photograph of a young Edwina wearing the locket, and they see in a television interview that Debbie is now wearing the locket. Successfully tracking the locket down to Hattie, they retrieve the locket and plan to travel to London. However, Bishop reveals himself to Michael in a full Nazi uniform, shooting him dead and taking the locket.
Joy and George Aston.
Joy Aston (French) is a midwife in Bristol. She teaches ante-natal, but dwells on the painful and violent sides of giving birth. She had a son who died of cot death, to cope with her grief, she treats a practice doll as if it were a real child, calling him Freddy. Her husband George (Pemberton) is even forced to care for Freddy. Joy steals blood from the hospital blood bank, putting it in a baby bottle for Freddie. In the third episode George refuses the charade of pretending that Freddy is real, but Freddy appears to have thrown his baby dish onto the floor. Joy is delighted that the blood seems to be bringing him to life.
In episode five Freddy seemingly comes to life, and violently attacks Joy, culminating with George's death and Joy's collapse. However, George is not dead, but Freddy is under Nicola's (Elizabeth Berrington) control, Joy's colleague with whom George is having an affair. They believe Joy is dead, so they dismantle Freddy and leave. However, Joy awakens and rushes Freddy to hospital, but since he is a doll, the doctors refuse treatment. So Joy kidnaps Nicola and drives her to Ravenhill, where Joy exsanguinates Nicola to transfer her blood to Freddy. As Nicola lies dying, Joy reveals that she was driven insane after the death of her son Paul and Freddie was given to her as part of her therapy. She then hears Michael Fry enter the building.
As the others arrive, Joy wanders away from Nicola. As her blood drain slows she becomes catatonic. Jennifer, Oscar's new helper, discovers Nicola and tries to help her out of the building. Joy believes the blood transfusion turned Freddy into Jennifer, and begins treating her like a baby boy. They are present when the building explodes.
In the second series, Joy is wearing a neck brace and looking after Jennifer (calling her Freddy), now completely disabled. George moves out and reveals that Nicola died from blood loss, since the emergency transfusion the hospital had was contaminated with Ribena, since it was the blood Joy stole in season one. She is interviewed by Detective Finney who is extremely interested in Kenchington's locket. She tells him she does not know its whereabouts, but Finney notices Jennifer's hand move, surmising that she might know something. After failing to get any information from Jennifer, he suddenly stabs Joy in the neck with the pencil and places it in Jennifer's hand, making it seem like she stabbed her. He leaves Joy bleeding to death alongside the incapacitated girl.
Robert Greenspan, Kerry and Debbie.
Robert Greenspan (Tompkins) is a dwarf actor, lately playing Blusher in a "Snow White" pantomime. The panto stars and is directed by Christopher Biggins (playing himself). Robert is in love with the dim actress who is playing Snow White, Debbie (Daisy Haggard), but she does not even notice him. Robert is mocked by everyone, in particular Brian (Shearsmith), the actor playing the Wicked Queen. Robert appears to be telekinetic, whenever he gets upset, although episode six reveals it is actually Kerry (Lisa Hammond).
When Robert gets the first blackmail letter, he believes it is because he once starred in a porn film. When he tells Brian, he is told not to worry. Later Robert sees Brian showing Debbie the video he starred in. His anger appears to cause the TV to blow up.
Debbie then plays a cruel trick. She convinced him to appear on stage naked in front of the whole cast, thinking that Debbie wanted a sexual fantasy with him. Kerry uses her powers to make a light explode, letting Robert think it was him. The next day Kerry uses telekinesis to close the lid of the coffin in the pantomime, knocking Debbie out. Robert visits her in hospital and kisses her. She suddenly awakes, suffering from amnesia, so Robert claims they have been together for two years. Robert receives another letter from the blackmailer, this time containing a large key with the symbol of a raven.
Later, Robert convinces Debbie they are engaged. This upsets Kerry, who is in love with Robert. She and Brian conspire to get Robert sacked from the pantomime and then corner him during a rehearsal. Kerry reveals that she has the telekinetic powers and she wanted to protect him from the bullying from the rest of the cast. She demands that he tell her he loves her. Robert attempts to leave, but Brian knocks him out and Kerry bundles him into a car.
Robert and Kerry end up on the road where Kerry apologizes. Robert accepts, but their vehicle runs out of petrol. They find an abandoned home where there is soup on the table. Kerry makes a phone call for help and Robert helps himself to the soup. He then notices that the phone is disconnected from the wall. Kerry calls out to a woman she calls "grandma" for help and an old woman emerges as Robert passes out from the drugged soup. Robert is not in the climax at Ravenhill, but in the final shot with Nurse Kenchington's stolen locket hanging from his neck.
In the second series, Robert escapes his prison while Kerry and "grandma" concoct a love potion for Robert. He finds Debbie, who is now in film work and asks her to keep the stolen Kenchington locket safe. Robert then goes to an audition, unaware that it is a trap by Detective Finney. In the final scene, Robert is lying dead, hidden behind some rubbish bins.
Debbie continues to wear the locket until makeup artist Hattie takes an interest in it. Following a television interview, she opens it to find that it contains what appears to be glitter, and believing it to be of no value, Hattie washes it down the drain. As of the end of series 2, it appears that the contents of the locket were a red herring, and Hattie's disposal of them was of no consequence; it was actually the locket's chain which was valuable, not its contents. In the final episode of Season 2, Kerry tracks down the those who were responsible for Robert's murder and saves Mr Jelly and Mrs Wren from Kelvin's murder attempt, knocks out Ehrlichmann's guard and, as revenge for ultimately being responsible for Robert's death and for insulting her, she telekinetically made his head explode.
Drew Aspinall and Phil Walker.
Drew Apsinall is a disturbed 22-year old who encountered Kenchington and her patients on Halloween when he was 9. His house overlooked Ravenhill and he spent a lot of time obsessing over the institution after he met Kenchington. He was dared to break in and steal something from Kenchinton's office. He stole her locket but returned it after being caught. Kenchington then sadistically frightened him by telling vivid ghost stories, taking him on rounds to the disturbed patients and locking him in an empty cell. He later created a website about Ravenhill which formed part of "Psychoville"'s viral advertising campaign.
Drew contacted a production company making the fictional series "Dale Winton's Overnight Ghost Hunt". Phil Walker, a location scout, joined him on a tour of the building the same night as the explosion, with Drew recounting the night he spent in Ravenhill. Kenchington returns to Ravenhill and Drew, believing her to be dead, thinks she is a ghost. She tells him she is not and presses him to see if he stole her locket again. Drew denies the theft and asks her why she was so protective of it. Being worthless to her, Kenchington shoots Drew and leaves to confront the main characters. Phil tries to drag Drew to safety and get help but the two of them are caught in the bomb blast and killed. Phil's camera footage is recovered by Grace Andrews.
Jeremy Goode.
Jeremy (Shearsmith), in the second series, is a librarian who is obsessed with the return of the overdue book "50 Great Coastal Walks of the British Isles, Vol. 2" by a woman who claims she lost it. When angry, or when he believes that things "aren't right", Jeremy sees a figure he calls the 'Silent Singer' (Shearsmith). The Silent Singer is a jagged-toothed man dressed in braided pigtails who pretends to sing (silently) into a walking cane.
After the book is not returned, he sneaks into the woman's house and persuades her daughter to find it for him. Having discovered that her daughter spoke to Jeremy in her bedroom, she sends her mother out to walk their dog. Jeremy follows and attacks her, cutting the grandmother's ponytail off and stealing the dog. He later calls and demands an exchange of the book for the unharmed dog. Meeting in the park, she exchanges the book for her dog. Just as Jeremy discovers she handed him "Volume 1" of the series, he is arrested by the police.
He is later interviewed by Detective Finney, who has "Volume 2" and starts to damage it, forcing Jeremy to talk. Jeremy was also a patient at Ravenhill who brought Kenchington her breakfast every morning. Reading the complicated equations on a her blackboard, he corrects a figure, balancing the equations, impressing Kenchington. They work on the equations together for months before Jeremy goes up for review. Having been cured and about to be released, Jeremy makes up the Silent Singer based on the appearance of a female patient walking past the window. They deny his release, allowing him to stay. However, the Silent Singer actually becomes real in his head and he is not released for seven years. He claims that the locket contains "the secret of eternal life" and does not tell Finney any more. When left alone in the interview room, Jeremy picks up the book but finds all the pages blank and appears to have a mental breakdown as a result, eventually succumbing to the Silent Singer's influence.
Hattie.
Hattie (Pemberton), in the second series, is a movie makeup artist. Her nephew, Chris, has an Iranian boyfriend, named Sharouz, who is a waiter in the local café. Because his visa expires soon, Chris asks Hattie to marry Sharouz so he can stay in the country. Taking the plan too far, she marries and sleeps with the petrified Sharouz. Later, desperate to keep him as her husband, she chains him to the bedroom radiator to prevent him escaping. At work, she prepares Debbie for her television interview and after getting it open, tips the contents of Kenchington's locket (glitter dust) down the drain. Debbie, thinking that the K on the front of the locket is an H, gives the locket to Hattie.
Chris, returning early, rescues Sharouz during a wedding photoshoot, leaving Hattie mentally unbalanced. She instead takes the wedding photographer hostage and chains him to the radiator. Detective Finney later arrives to arrest her and discovers that Michael and Peter Bishop, posing as detectives, took the locket with them.
Grace Andrews and Kelvin.
Grace Andrews (Imelda Staunton) and her assistant Kelvin (Daniel Ings) are both introduced in the Hallowe'en special as working for an unknown organisation which is trying to pinpoint where all the other characters are, tracking their every moment in the hope of finding the locket. Andrews is always obsessed with new technology and laments that her workplace isn't like Minority Report and is more like a village post office. In Episode 6, she is arrested for the murders of the Main Characters, seen in the previous episodes, as she accidentally reveals it on her plasma TV.
Detective Finney.
Finney (Mark Bonnar) only appears in the second series. He first talks to Jelly, Lomax and Michael at Jolly's funeral but yields few leads. He later interviews Joy and, after failing to gain any new information from her paralysed patient Jennifer, unexpectedly stabs her through her neckbrace with a pencil, killing her. In the second episode, he leads Robert to a false audition and, again, murders him shortly afterwards. In the third episode, he pretends to be Lomax's long-lost son Billy and sits with him for a while. Failing to discover what happened to Kenchington's locket, he hangs Lomax and makes it appear like suicide. In episode four, he goes undercover as a cleaner at Sunnydale and, thinking an old lady to be Mrs Wren (who is in fact her friend Pat, wearing Mrs Wren's cardigan), kills her quickly. In a phone call, he then asks whether to go for "the clown or the kid" next. Instead, he interrogates Jeremy, and then arrests Hattie, to try and trace down the locket, only to find out that Michael and Peter Bishop have beaten him to it. In the final episode of the series he tracks down David, intending to kill him, but discovers Jennifer, who reveals that she has "told someone" about Finney killing Joy. David then hits Finney with a plank of wood before placing him in Maureen Sowerbutts' coffin. The coffin is cremated, killing Finney.
Web presence.
Shearsmith and Pemberton collaborated with Rob and Neil Gibbons to produce fictional web content to accompany the show including an interactive treasure hunt. Fake websites and promotional websites were created for many of the characters to allow viewers of the programme to get "an overall "Psychoville" experience."
A new Psychoville Experience was created for series two, with a new interface and a selection of new fictional websites released after each episode. Viewers were asked to find a number each week and input them into a keypad to unlock a 'secret chamber' at the end of the series. The chamber once opened reveals the revived head of the Nazi Doctor Ehrlichmann (Kenchington's father). Five questions are asked and a certain amount correct gets you a free 'freeze and reanimation ticket' from CG Medistore and andrewsnanotech to print out. 
The websites were again written by Shearsmith and Pemberton.
Production.
Filming for the series began at locations around London in October 2008, with plans for the show to be broadcast in 2009. In May 2009 it was confirmed that the series would begin on 11 June, although it was later rescheduled to 18 June. In order to promote Psychoville's launch, digital agency Ralph & Co created a customisable viral video, which enabled users to seemingly broadcast their friends' darkest secrets on a digital billboard at London's Piccadilly Circus.

</doc>
<doc id="21412655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412655" title="Jerome Eddy">
Jerome Eddy

Jerome Eddy was a Michigan businessman, politician and diplomat. He served on the Democratic Michigan State Central Committee and was a delegate to many Democratic State Conventions. During the Grover Cleveland Presidency, he served as a United States Consul in Canada.
Early life.
Born on November 29, 1829 in Stafford, Genesee County, New York, Eddy moved to Flint with his parents, Willard and Eliza (Case) Eddy, in 1837. In 1841, he left school to become an apprentice to George H. Hazleton, brother of another Flint Mayor, Porter Hazelton. When he reached the age of 20, he went into business for himself as a merchant and into real estate. Ellen M. Curtis married Eddy in 1858. Eddy was in the lumbering business with Artemus Thayer operating a planing mill. Original, he lived with his wife at the corner of East Kearsley and Clifford streets, later the location of the Flint public library building, The Carnegie Library, in 1910. Around 1870 they moved to a house on Church Street built by George Hazelton in the 1930s.
Political life.
He was elected as the mayor of the City of Flint in 1878 serving a 1-year term. While Mayor in 1878, Eddy purchased the "Genesee Democrat" from H. N. Mather. Soon afterwards, his son Arthur Jerome Eddy managed and edited the Democrat. His son became a noted businessman, art collector, and writer. His son married Lulu Orrell, the granddaughter of Henry H. Crapo, a Governor of Michigan.
Post-political life.
Eddy was buried in Glenwood Cemetery, Flint after he died on November 24, 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="21412678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412678" title="Something's Gotta Give (LeAnn Rimes song)">
Something's Gotta Give (LeAnn Rimes song)

"Something's Gotta Give" is a song written by Craig Wiseman and Tony Mullins, and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes. It was released in December 2005 as the third single from her album "This Woman". The song reached a peak of #2 on the Hot Country Songs chart in mid-2006, becoming Rimes' highest-peaking country single since the Number One "One Way Ticket (Because I Can)" in 1996-1997. The song also won ASCAP awards for its writers.
Content.
"Something's Gotta Give" is an up-tempo describing a female character named Jenny who is in her thirties, but still unable to find a male companion who is suitable for her, after having failed several times. In the chorus, she says "something's gotta give" for her to find the one that she wants.

</doc>
<doc id="21412683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412683" title="Sir Oswald Mosley, 4th Baronet">
Sir Oswald Mosley, 4th Baronet

Sir Oswald Mosley, 4th Baronet, of Ancoats (25 September 1848 – 10 October 1915) was a British baronet.
Family.
Mosley was born in Staffordshire in 1848 the eldest son of Sir Tonman Mosley, 3rd Baronet, of Ancoats (9 July 1813 – 28 April 1890), who succeeded to the title of 3rd Baronet Mosley, of Ancoats, on 24 May 1871, and wife Catherine Wood (died 22 April 1891), daughter of The Reverend John Wood of Swanwick, Derbyshire. His younger brother was Tonman Mosley, 1st Baron Anslow. His paternal grandparents were Sir Oswald Mosley, 2nd Baronet, of Ancoats, and Sophia Annie Every.
Mosley's family were Anglo-Irish. His branch were prosperous landowners in Staffordshire.
Career.
He was educated at Eton, and went on to own around of land. His residences included Rolleston Hall in Rolleston on Dove and he was engaged in farming and cattle breeding. He succeeded the baronetcy on 28 April 1890.
Mosley was nicknamed "Baronet John Bull" due to his resemblance to John Bull, the national personification of Great Britain.
Marriage and issue.
He married Elizabeth White, daughter of Sir William Henry White, in 1873. Their son Sir Oswald Mosley, 5th Baronet, of Ancoats (29 December 1873 – 21 September 1928) married Katharine Maud Edwards-Heathcote (1874 – 1950), the second child of Captain Justinian Edwards-Heathcote of Market Drayton, Shropshire; their son was the Fascist politician Sir Oswald Mosley, 6th Baronet. Their daughter Constance Mosley (Montagu Square, London, 25 April 1881 - Westminster, London, 1963), married as his second wife on 11 March 1907 Charles Fitzroy Ponsonby McNeill (Warmsworth, Yorkshire, 9 December 1866 – 22 November 1955), son of Captain Duncan McNeill and Fanny Charlotte Emma Talbot (married firstly on 31 January 1891 to Lady Hilda Maud Rous, daughter of John Edward Cornwallis Rous, 2nd Earl of Stradbroke and Augusta Musgrave, by whom he had a son and a daughter), and had one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21412707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412707" title="Amexicano">
Amexicano

Amexicano is a film directed by Matthew Bonifacio and written by Carmine Famiglietti. The film explores the relationship between a blue-collar Italian-American man and an illegal Mexican immigrant as they both try to make a living in Queens, New York. It world premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival and won the Jury Award for producer/director Matthew Bonifacio in the category of Narrative Film at the 2007 Sonoma Valley Film Festival. It was released theatrically in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21412711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412711" title="Kivitoo">
Kivitoo

Kivitoo, Nunavut is an abandoned Inuit community and a former whaling station on the northeast shore of Baffin Island in Nunavut, Canada. Kivitoo's Inuit families moved to Qikiqtarjuaq, Nunavut, approximately to the south, in the 1950s.
History.
In the early 20th century, the Sabellum Trading Company established a post at Kivitoo to service the whalers who would anchor there to flense carcasses. The post was abandoned in 1926.
Kivitoo (qivittu) (FOX-D) is also a former Distant Early Warning Line and is currently a North Warning System site. Because of a nearby small coastal plain, a short airstrip was built during early operation of FOX-D.

</doc>
<doc id="21412714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412714" title="Psychicemotus">
Psychicemotus

Psychicemotus is a 1965 album by Yusef Lateef.

</doc>
<doc id="21412742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412742" title="The Westwood Press">
The Westwood Press

"The Westwood Press" is a Thursday weekly newspaper covering Medfield, Massachusetts, USA, serving the suburb of Boston. It is one of more than 100 weeklies published by Community Newspaper Company, a division of GateHouse Media.
The newspaper covers local news, features and events. The publication is staffed by Editor and Reporter Rob Borkowski, Reporter Edward B. Colby and Staff Photographer Erin Prawoko.
History.
The Westwood Press was part of Suburban World Newspapers when 
The "Boston Herald" bought the company in 2001 and dissolved 
it into Community Newspaper Company, the largest weeklies publisher in Massachusetts. Community Newspaper Company was in turn bought by GateHouse Media in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21412776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412776" title="Moudachirou Amadou">
Moudachirou Amadou

Moudachirou Amadou (born 11 December 1971 in Cotonou) is a Beninese footballer who plays for TSV Bernhausen.
Career.
He spent one season in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli.
Coaching career.
Since signing in summer 2008 with TSV Bernhausen he worked as teamchef, formerly coaching the Bambinis of TuS Holstein Quickborn.
Personal life.
Amadou is in partnership with the German Daniela Zollweg from Cottbus and holds a German passport.

</doc>
<doc id="21412780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412780" title="John Frill">
John Frill

John Edmond Frill (April 3, 1879 – September 28, 1918) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in and with the New York Highlanders, St. Louis Browns and the Cincinnati Reds. He batted right and threw left-handed. 
He was born in Reading, Pennsylvania, and died in Westerly, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21412819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412819" title="Acytosiosis">
Acytosiosis

Acytosiosis is a rare genetic disorder.
Causes.
Acytosiosis is caused by an autosomal recessive mutation on Chromosome 9, which causes a defect in the enzyme Alpha-cytosinase.
Symptoms.
Because of the complete lack of cytosine due to the defective Alpha-cytosinase, DNA replication cannot occur. This means that any zygote with Acytosiosis will be unable to divide into multiple cells and will thus die. In most cases, the mother won't even know that she would have had a baby if it hadn't died from Acytosiosis.
Etymology.
The name "Acytosiosis" comes from a combination of the prefix "a-", meaning "no" or "none", "cytosine", and the suffix "-iosis", meaning "disorder".

</doc>
<doc id="21412829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412829" title="Little Landers">
Little Landers

The Little Landers colonies were attempts at small-scale cooperative agriculture in California, organized by journalist and writer William E. Smythe. The first colony, in San Ysidro, San Diego, California, was inaugurated in early 1909. The colonies were not successful, and by 1925 the last one was almost completely abandoned.
History.
Smythe's idea, inspired by Bolton Hall's book, "A Little Land and a Living", was that a group of families should have small farms, with one to five acres of land each, and market their produce cooperatively.
The first colony was in the San Diego area. After public meetings, the Little Landers Corporation was incorporated on August 1, 1908. The resulting colony was located on the former Belcher Ranch. It was named San Ysidro, probably after the patron saint of farmers, Isidore the Laborer, and was formally inaugurated on January 11, 1909. It eventually consisted of about 150 acres on the valley floor and 400 on hills. Lack of capital, agricultural knowledge, and water supply caused problems for the colonists, and a new corporation, Little Landers, Incorporated, was formed in December 1910, organized according to the New England town meeting model. By 1912 the colony had about 100 families. In January 1916, there was a flood in the valley floor, destroying many farms and the colony's water pumping plant. A new pumping plant was installed, but the population was much reduced, and Little Landers, Incorporated, was disestablished for failure to pay taxes in 1917. By 1918, the colony was an "evident failure".
The second colony, called "Los Terrenitos" (English: "The Little Lands"), and established around 1913, was in the valley between the Verdugo and Sierra Madre Mountains, the current site of Tujunga. The soil was rocky and poor for farming. Eventually, most colonists subdivided and sold their lots, and by January 1925 almost all of the original settlers had left.
The last Little Landers colony, called "Hayward Heath", was on the hills above Hayward, California. By the summer of 1916, there were around 60 families of colonists. The soil here was again poor for farming, and the colony was "practically defunct" by 1920. By February 1925 the site of the colony was almost completely abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="21412838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412838" title="1969–70 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1969–70 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1969–70 Toronto Maple Leafs season was the fifty-third season of play of the NHL Toronto franchise and forty-third as the "Maple Leafs". After qualifying for the playoffs the previous season, the Leafs fell to last-place in the NHL East and did not qualify for the playoffs.
Offseason.
Punch Imlach's term as Maple Leafs' general manager ended after the 1969 playoffs. Jim Gregory, who had been an executive with the Toronto Marlboros was named general manager, the first new GM for the Maple Leafs since 1957.
Transactions.
The Maple Leafs have been involved in the following transactions during the 1969-70 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21412890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412890" title="Ionel Fernic">
Ionel Fernic

Ionel Fernic (b. May 29, 1901 in Târgovişte – d. July 22, 1938 in Stulpicani) was a Romanian composer, aviator (civil pilot), writer and one of the first Romanian parachutists.
Early life.
His family moved to Galaţi where Ionel attends the Vasile Alecsandri high school and where he met his mentor, the Romanian composer and music teacher Teodor Fuchs, who tutors him in the arts of piano and guitar music. Being a music enthusiast, and passionate about airplanes, Ionel Fernic is guided by his parents to attend a technical faculty but he eventually decides to go to the National University of Music Bucharest where he is admitted at the drama section with the highest grade average.
Although he is remarked by his teachers, Ionel doesn't continue his acting career despite having the opportunity to play alongside many famous Romanian actors like Aristide Demetriade, Ion Manolescu or Mişu Fotino. He graduates in 1924 and is enrolled at the "Reserve Officer School" in Ploieşti and remaining in the city for a few years, period when he writes almost all of his works.
Under the guidance of professor Fuchs, Fernic composed in 1919, his last high school year, the ballad Cruce albă de mesteacăn, his first well known work. After settling in Ploieşti, having an urge to create successful music, he composes a number of romances and tangoes. His first tango, composed in 1931, was called Minciuna (better known by the name Pe boltă când apare luna), and was an adaptation of a French song proposed by Nicolae Kiriţescu.
Successful composer.
In just a few years, Fernic wrote over 400 romances and songs. Many of his songs were local hits for that time. Since 1927, Fernic published a volume of sketch stories called Misterele din Mizil (wrote as a feuilleton which were very successful in Europe). In 1928 he published a volume of poems called Prăştii and several children books. He founded the satirical magazine Să nu te superi că te-njur, and moved to Bucharest in the early 1930s.
Flying career.
Ionel Fernic graduated the Pilots School in Băneasa in the spring of 1935 and received a pilot brevet. Fernic also made the first parachute jump in Romania on May 31, 1936, at an aviation meeting held on the Băneasa Airport in Bucharest. His last jump was in an ARPA meeting held in Izmail, Ukraine (then in Romania) when he jumped from a height of and landed in an unmarked place where he broke his left leg and had to carry a cane for the rest of his life. He is appointed director of the Cernăuţi Pilot's School, and will be decorated by the king Carol II with the "Virtutea Aeronautică" medal.
Death.
Ionel Fernic lost his life in an aviation accident on July 22, 1938, at the age of 37. Hearing of the death of queen Marie of Romania in 1938, he desperately wanted to attend her funeral. Therefore, he embarked on a LOT Polish Airlines flight on the Warsaw-Cernauti-Bucharest–Thessaloniki route, but after half an hour the plane mysteriously broke in two pieces and crashed between Gura Humorului and Câmpulung Moldovenesc, in the Negrileasa forest, near the Stulpicani commune in Suceava County.

</doc>
<doc id="21412899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412899" title="Astafy Dolgopolov">
Astafy Dolgopolov

Astafy Trifonovich Dolgopolov (Астафий Трифонович Долгополов), b. 1725, d. after 1797, was a Russian confidence trickster and impostor deceiving both Yemelyan Pugachev and Catherine II of Russia during the Pugachev Rebellion.
A merchant from Rzhev who had supplied Peter III with forage, he contracted some debts and went to Pugachev's headquarters during the climax of the rebellion, in June 1774. Dolgopolov presented himself as an envoy from the Grand Duke Pavel Petrovich to his alleged "father" (as Pugachev pretended to be Peter III), under the alias of Ivan Ivanov, ostensibly from Moscow. He claimed to have "recognized" Pugachev before his supporters as the true Peter III and also recalled a 1500 roubles-debt for oats that the deposed Emperor had left behind him. However Pugachev quickly understood his aims and Dolgopolov never received from him more than 50 roubles for travel expenses.
Then Dolgopolov embarked on a new dangerous enterprise, presenting himself to Catherine II as a Yaik Cossack named Trifonov who allegedly wanted to deliver Pugachev to the government. He invented a conspiration among the Cossacks and composed a whole letter with 300 signatures to the Empress and Grigory Orlov. Received in August in Tsarskoye Selo by Catherine, he received 2000 roubles as a prize and was sent to the Lower Volga in charge of a detachment instructed to find and capture Pugachev. In early September he additionally took another sum of 3000 roubles in golden coins from an officer sent together with him, and fled to Rzhev with all the money, as Pugachev had been already captured before the expedition could ever find his whereabouts.
The official investigation concluded that the merchant Dolgopolov from Rzhev, a loyal Cossack Trifonov decorated by the Empress, and Ivanov the "Tsesarevich's emissar" to Pugachev, were in fact the same person. He was arrested in Rzhev and sentenced by the Governing Senate to be scourged with knout, branded on his face and sent, permanently put into irons, to penal labor in Rågervik, now Paldiski in Estonia. However hard this punishment for his age of 50 might be, he lived well into his seventies, surviving Catherine II. His name occurs for the last time in 1797.

</doc>
<doc id="21412904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412904" title="Henry Arthur Ward">
Henry Arthur Ward

Henry Arthur Ward was a Birmingham whistle maker who made whistles of high quality, all rare and hard to find. He made whistles from 1889 to 1908.
History and addresses.
H A Ward is one of the whistle makers we know little about, and most of it is revealed by his designs and stamps, which testify to an innovative maker of high-quality whistles. All his whistles are rare and some were discovered only in the last year or two (2008).
During 1889–1890 he had some partnership with a Birmingham whistle maker named Peter McDonald and they applied for a patent 
Models and types.
Of the British whistle makers, he was the only one that seemed to have made cast GSWs, though they may have been made at B Lily & Sons in Birmingham, since they were one of his main outlets for selling whistles in Birmingham and also made cast patterns in pewter and Britannia metal . It may be noted here that B Lily & sons were located at the same street as J Hudson & Co at the time and sold other makers but Hudson's. and supplied whistles ordered from Ward, De Courcy and T Yates among others.

</doc>
<doc id="21412912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412912" title="Yury Buida">
Yury Buida

Yury Vasilyevich Buida () (born 1954) is a Russian author. He was born in Znamensk in the Kaliningrad region of Russia. In 1994 his novel "The Zero Train" was shortlisted for the Russian Booker Prize. His short story collection "The Prussian Bride" won the Apollon Grigoriev Prize in 1999, and its translation by Oliver Ready won the Rossica Translation Prize in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21412914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412914" title="Markus Lotter">
Markus Lotter

Markus Lotter (born 28 September 1970) is a German football coach and a former player. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with FC St. Pauli.
At the moment, he lives in Berlin and works as a journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="21412925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412925" title="Camp Lohikan">
Camp Lohikan

Camp Lohikan is a sleep-away summer camp in The Poconos in Lake Como, Pennsylvania. The summer camp serves boys and girls ages 6–15.
Mike and Arlene Buynak founded Camp Lohikan in 1957. In 1983, the managing of the camp was turned over to their son Mark Buynak. The camp is non-denominational but allows campers who wish to attend church to go to religious services. Camp Lohikan has more than 200 employees, from all over the United States and the world.
The camp has over 50 buildings and an insulated swimming pool. The campers sleep in modern cabins that are equipped with plumbing and insulation. Camp Lohikan offers various sessions to accommodate summer plans, allowing campers to come for as long as 8 weeks and as little as a one-week minicamp. The majority of campers participate in 4 or 8 week sessions. 
History.
Mike and Arlene Buynak founded Camp Lohikan in 1957. In 1983, the managing of the camp was turned over to their son Mark Buynak. The camp is non-denominational, but assists campers who wish to attend church to go to religious services. Camp Lohikan has more than 200 employees, from all over the United States and the world. The camp has over 50 buildings, a private lake, and an insulated swimming pool. The campers sleep in modern cabins that are equipped with plumbing and insulation. Camp Lohikan offers various sessions to accommodate summer plans, allowing campers to come for as long as 8 weeks and as little as a one-week minicamp. The majority of campers participate in 4 or 8 week sessions. 
Camp Lohikan is a co-ed sleepaway camp set in the Pocono Mountains in Lake Como, Pennsylvania. There are a wide range of activities for everyone to participate in. The activities range from unique to widely competitive popular sports. Campers can participate in archery, circus performance, fishing, tennis, soccer, and so much more. The younger age groups (what the camp refers to as juniors and super juniors- ages ranging from 5 to 10 years old) go around to scheduled activities with counselors. Super juniors do a two-week program to get adjusted to camp life and then they make their own schedule. The other campers, ranging from ages 11 to 15, go to activities on their own. 
A unique aspect of Camp Lohikan is that campers can create their own activity schedule each and every day. In the mornings, the campers are assisted to what Camp Lohikan calls, The Add-Drop pavilion. Here, they are able to sign up for activities at specifically marked-off tables. They receive an index card where they can get each activity written in by the instructor at each table. If campers have trouble getting the activities that they want, there are professional staff and camp directors always available to help. 
Camp Lohikan does not just entertain during the day. The camp has night-time activities every night that are both interactive and enjoyable. There are many socials (or dances) that are themed. There are also many active nights such as capture the flag, and the saddie hawkin's chase. One of the most popular night time events is Camp Fire. Once every week, the entire staff and all campers enjoy a camp fire. Campers and counselors perform talents and "Camper of the Week" awards are granted to one camper from each group. 
The camp has a 4.2/5 rating at CampRatingZ

</doc>
<doc id="21412930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412930" title="Paddy Greene">
Paddy Greene

Patrick Joseph Greene (March 20, 1875 – October 20, 1934) was a professional baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, New York Highlanders and Detroit Tigers in 1902 and 1903. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born and died in Providence, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21412941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412941" title="The Smurfs All Star Show">
The Smurfs All Star Show

The Smurfs All Star Show is a children's music album released in 1981. It contains several traditional tunes with modified lyrics, with reference to the world of The Smurfs.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21412951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412951" title="Nodo jimankyō jidai">
Nodo jimankyō jidai


</doc>
<doc id="21412989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412989" title="Philip Albrecht">
Philip Albrecht

Philip Albrecht (born 21 November 1979) is a retired German football player.
Career.
Albrecht began his career with Wedeler TSV before joining the youth team of Hamburger SV. He then signed a contract with VfL Pinneberg. In 2000, he was scouted by FC St. Pauli and spent one season with them in the Bundesliga. He retired in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21412994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412994" title="Leonard Stanley">
Leonard Stanley

Leonard Stanley is a small village on the outskirts of Stonehouse in Gloucestershire about 2.5 miles from Stroud.
The nature reserve of Five Acre Grove lies close to the village and is designated a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).

</doc>
<doc id="21412997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21412997" title="Paul Cattier">
Paul Cattier

Paul Cattier (born 1 May 1986 in Avignon) is a French professional football goalkeeper, who plays currently for Grenoble Foot 38.
Career.
Cattier began his career 2001 in the youth from Grenoble Foot 38, joined than 2003 to Rodez AF, after one year moved back in 2004 and was promoted to first team, here played his first two games in the season 2007/2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21413006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413006" title="Crawling Wind">
Crawling Wind

Crawling Wind is an EP by Univers Zero. It was a 3-song EP when originally released in 1983, but a 2001 reissue of the album included an extra studio track, "Influences" - originally issued on "The Recommended Records Sampler" 2LP set - as well as two previously unreleased live tracks.
The track "Central Belgium in the Dark" is a live improvisation.
The live version of "Complainte" on the 2001 reissue is intriguing, unusually featuring Daniel Denis on harmonium, with Guy Segers providing percussion.
Personnel.
Tracks 1-4:
• Daniel Denis: drums, percussion, voice, harmonium, violin, piano• Dirk Descheemacker: clarinet, bass clarinet• Andy Kirk: harmonium, organ, voice, piano, synth, viola, music box, pecussion, radio• Guy Segers: bass, voice, violin, "invisible talk", "flies talk"• Alan Ward: violin
Track 5:
• Daniel Denis: drums• Dirk Descheemacker: clarinet, casto• Christian Genet: bass• André Mergenthaler: cello• Jean-Luc Plouvier: keyboards
Track 6:
• Michel Berckmans: oboe, bassoon• Daniel Denis: harmonium• Patrick Hanappier: viola• Guy Segers: percussion• Roger Trigaux: guitar

</doc>
<doc id="21413029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413029" title="Saklıkent Canyon">
Saklıkent Canyon

Saklıkent Canyon is located in Muğla province in Turkey, 50 km from the city of Fethiye. The Canyon is 300 meters deep and 18 km long, one of the deepest in the world, resulting from the abrasion of the rocks by flowing waters over thousands of years. As the level of water rises during winter months, visitors can enter the canyon only in the summer. Four kilometers of the canyon are walkable after April, when most of the snow in the Taurus Mountains has melted and passed through on its way to the Mediterranean Sea. Saklıkent means "hidden city" in Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="21413033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413033" title="Archie Moore (baseball)">
Archie Moore (baseball)

Archie Francis Moore (born August 30, 1941 in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball player. Moore played for the New York Yankees from to . He batted and threw left-handed. 
He was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21413050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413050" title="Andrew's Helpful Hands Foundation">
Andrew's Helpful Hands Foundation

Andrew’s Helpful Hands Inc., also known as "AHH", is an American tax-exempt charity (IRS designated 501(c)(3)) that was established in memory of Andrew Swenson by his uncle, John Sousa. After five years of chemotherapy, remission, relapse, a bone marrow transplant, and other such struggles, Andrew lost his battle to leukemia on July 28, 2002, one day after his 7th birthday.
The all-volunteer organization is headquartered in Hudson, Massachusetts, operates in and around the metro-west Boston and Worcester regions of Massachusetts and works primarily with beneficiaries from central and southern New England.
Mission.
Andrew's Helpful Hands mission is to help families going through the Bone Marrow Transplant (BMT) process. They assist in organizing bone marrow drives, promote fundraisers to help with finances, and lend a hand during the recovery stages of the operation as well. Their primary focus is to allow parents to focus on their child throughout the many stages of the process.
Organization.
AHH is governed by an all-volunteer Board of Directors which runs the day-to-day operations of the organization and the fiscal year runs January through December. The Board is led by a President. Zenaide (Zee) Swenson (Andrew’s Mom) has been the organization’s President since the organization’s inception.
There are several Committee structures throughout the organization. Many of these center around AHH's various fundraising events (Annual Gold Ribbon Holiday Reception, Annual Leukemia Ride, Walk, and Family BBQ, Themed Dances, Bone Marrow Drives, etc.). All Board members and Committee Chairs congregate to organize future events, discuss internal business and promote the general growth of the organization. While Board Members are the only ones who can vote on general matters of business, volunteers and the general public are encouraged to attend and participate.
They also work with several other organizations that share a similar vision, such as Take a Swing at Cancer, Angel's Hope, Childhood Cancer Lifeline of New Hampshire and Dana Farber Cancer Institute.
History.
The organization's roots began in 1997 when Andrew began his five-year battle with cancer. Throughout the process, a legion of friends and family members came together to offer support to the family. This devoted support - combined with Andrew’s strength, courage and desire to always help others - led Andrew’s uncle, John Sousa, to formally begin the process of applying for non-profit designation. The foundation was named in Andrew’s honor as “Andrew’s Helpful Hands Foundation”.
In 2004, AHH reached a milestone by gaining its official 501(c)(3)status from the IRS.
Logo.
The AHH logo is an actual “high-five” handprint made by Andrew Swenson. The concept came about during transplant when Andrew had Graft vs. Host Disease (GVHD). The GVHD had caused an extreme itch and burn over his whole body. Making the “hand made High 5” postcards was a distraction that kept him form itching and peeling his skin.

</doc>
<doc id="21413081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413081" title="Mercy Beyond Borders">
Mercy Beyond Borders

Mercy Beyond Borders is a U.S. nonprofit organization that partners with displaced women and children overseas in ways that alleviate their extreme poverty. Inspired by United Nations’ Millennium Development Goal #1 (cutting extreme poverty in half by 2015) and the experience of the Sisters of Mercy working globally with the poor since 1831, the organization is committed to working in refugee assistance and advocacy. 
History and mission.
Mercy Beyond Borders was founded in 2008 by Sister Marilyn Lacey in response to the United Nations’ Millennium Development Goals. Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, Mercy Beyond Borders links U.S. resources with women displaced by violence, war, oppression, environmental degradation and by poverty itself. Mercy Beyond Borders carries out its mission via two strategies:
Mercy Beyond Borders raises awareness as well as funds—always in support of women rebuilding their lives. Its funding comes from individuals across the U.S. who pledge to raise $1,000 per year; from schools and clubs and other donors sponsoring a particular project; and from corporations and foundations. 
Its initial projects are in the Eastern Equatoria region of southern Sudan. Mercy Beyond Borders is contributing to the education of 800 elementary girls at St. Bakhita School (through teacher salaries, goats for nutrition, hygiene supplies). It is also partnering with the Sudanese Women’s Voice for Peace as it works for the economic development of refugee women returning to their home villages. 
Sr. Lacey believes the program can most effectively focus on concrete, small projects. “We can connect Mercy resources in the U.S. with projects already established in the developing countries that need seed money. We can mobilize our Mercy passion to do this. We have 10 years to meet the U.N. Millennium Goals,” she told participants and members of the Sisters of Mercy at their annual convocation in 2007. (1) 
References.
(1) “Burlingame Mercy Sisters take aim at global poverty” Catholic San Francisco. Aug. 16, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21413100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413100" title="1932–33 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1932–33 Toronto Maple Leafs season

Playoffs.
The Maple Leafs met the Boston Bruins in the second round in a best of five series and won 3–2. In the finals, they lost to the Rangers in a best of five series 3–1.
"New York wins best-of-five series 3–1."

</doc>
<doc id="21413109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413109" title="Toralf Konetzke">
Toralf Konetzke

Toralf Konetzke (born 10 December 1972 in Cottbus, East Germany) is a retired German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Energie Cottbus and FC St. Pauli.

</doc>
<doc id="21413115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413115" title="Trafficante crime family">
Trafficante crime family

The Trafficante crime family also known as the Tampa Mafia, is the only original Mafia crime family in the state of Florida.
History.
Tampa's underworld.
Tampa crime started with Charlie ""The Dean of the underworld"" Wall who in the 1920s controlled a number of gambling rackets and corrupt government officials. Wall controlled Tampa from the neighborhood known as Ybor City, he employed Italians, Cubans and other races into his organization. Charlie Wall's only competition was Tampa's earliest Italian Mafia boss Ignacio Antinori.
Antinori gang.
The first Italian gang in the Tampa Bay area was created by Ignacio Antinori in 1925. Antinori a Sicilian-born immigrant became a well-known drug kingpin and the Italian crime boss of Tampa in the late 1920s. A smaller Italian gang in the area was controlled by Santo Trafficante, Sr., who had lived in Tampa since the age of 18. Trafficante had already set up Bolita games throughout the city and was a very powerful man. Antinori took notice of Santo Trafficante and invited him into his organization and together they expanded the Bolita games across the state. By the 1930s Ignacio Antinori and Charlie Wall were in a bloody war for ten years, which would later be known as "Era of Blood". Wall's closest associate, Evaristo "Tito" Rubio was shot on his porch on March 8, 1938. The war ended in the 1940s with Ignacio Antinori being shot and killed with a sawn-off shotgun. Both Wall's and Antinori's organizations were weakened leaving Santo Trafficante as one of the last and most powerful bosses in Tampa.
Trafficante Sr. era.
Santo Trafficante Sr. had now taken over a majority of the city and started to teach his son Santo Trafficante Jr. how to run the city. In Trafficante Sr.'s adult life he only portrayed himself as a successful Tampa cigar factory owner. Santo was being watched closely by police and made Salvatore "Red" Italiano the acting boss. With the untimely Kefauver hearings and Charlie Wall testifying in 1950, both Trafficantes fled to Cuba. He always wanted to make it big in Cuban casinos and dispatched his son, Santo, Jr., to Havana in 1946 to help operate a mob owned casino. Tampa made a lot of money in Cuba, but never achieved its ambition of making the island part of its own territory. After the hearings ended the Trafficantes returned to Tampa to find out that Italiano had just fled to Mexico leaving Jimmy Lumia the biggest mobster in the city. Santo had Lumia killed after finding out he was bad mouthing him while he was in Cuba and he took over again. In 1953 Santo Jr. survived a shooting, the family suspected it was Charlie Wall and they had him killed in 1955. Trafficante remained the boss of Tampa until he died of natural causes in 1954.
Trafficante Jr. era.
Santo Trafficante, Jr. succeeded his father as the boss of Tampa and ruled his family with an iron fist. Despite numerous stunted ambitions, he was regarded as one of the most powerful mob bosses of the American Mafia. Santo, Jr. was born in the United States on Nov. 15, 1914 and was one of five sons of Mafia boss Santo Trafficante. He maintained close working ties with the Lucchese crime family and the Bonanno crime family from New York City. Santo Jr. worked closely with Lucchese family boss Tommy Lucchese, who was a friend of his father, and a man who helped train him in the 1940s.
Santo, Jr. was known to have been deeply involved in the CIA efforts to involve the underworld in assassination attempts on Fidel Castro. Under pressure of a court order granting him immunity from prosecution, but threatening him with contempt if he refused to talk, Trafficante admitted to a Congressional committee in 1975 that he had in the early 1960s recruited other mobsters to assassinate Castro. "It was like World War II" he told the committee. "They told me to go to the draft board and sign up." In 1978, Trafficante once again testified before a Congressional committee, this time on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. This committee was especially interested in a sworn statement made to committee investigators by Cuban exile leader Jose Aleman that months before the Kennedy assassination, Trafficante had told him, "Kennedy's gonna get hit." However, in public testimony, Aleman gave the comment a different interpretation. Another informant insisted to federal investigators that Santo, Jr. predicted the Kennedy assassination six months before it happened. The mob boss was also known to have a connection with mob associate Jack Ruby, who shot and killed JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald. 
Santo, Jr. never spent a day in jail, and he died of natural causes in 1987.
LoScalzo era.
In 1987 Vincent LoScalzo became boss of the Trafficante family and Florida became open territory. The Five Families of New York City could work in any city in the state. LoScalzo's new family was smaller because many of the older mobsters were dead or retired. He has interests in gambling, prostitution, narcotics, union racketeering, hijacking and fencing stolen goods. He controls a few bars, lounges, restaurants, night clubs and liquor stores all over the state of Florida. Loscalzo has ties to California, New Jersey, and New York as well as being connected to the Sicilian Mafia. On July 1, 1989 LoScalzo was indicted on racketeering charges that included grand theft, the charges were later dropped and then reinstated. LoScalzo plead no contest on October 7, 1997 and received three months of probation. In 1992, LoScalzo was arrested at the Tampa International Airport for carrying a loaded .38-caliber pistol in his brief case. The weapon showed up on the x-ray scanner. He was convicted for the charge in 1999 and was sentenced to 60 days in jail.
South Florida operations.
Santo Jr. started the family's south Florida crew in the early 1980s, he put Steven Bruno Raffa in charge. Bruno ran the crew with associates and freelancers after the death of Santo Jr. Raffa maintained a good relationship with Loscalzo, the new boss of the family and Genovese mobster John Mamone. In 2000 nineteen members of the crew were arrested and Raffa committed suicide.
Current Status.
On November 25, 2007 Vincent LoScalzo is now 70 years old a semi-retired mobster and a ""regular Joe"" said Scott Deitche, author of "Cigar City Mafia." The old family membership has died and the Tampa Mob has fallen in the shadows of the NYC mobs.
Gambinos in Tampa.
Recently statements have spread across Florida that John A. "Junior" Gotti, son of the late Gambino crime family boss John Gotti, has been running organized crime in Tampa since his release from prison in 2005. Gotti is allegedly a captain in the Gambino family. On August 5, 2008 Gotti was indicted on charges of racketeering, kidnapping, conspiracy to commit murder and drug trafficking. He and five others were indicted by a Florida grand jury.
References.
Notes
Sources
External links

</doc>
<doc id="21413127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413127" title="Reinhard Strohm">
Reinhard Strohm

Reinhard Strohm (b. Munich, 1942) is a German-English musicologist.
Studied musicology, Latin and Italian literature in Munich and Berlin with Georgiades, Osthoff and Carl Dahlhaus (1961–71) and took the doctorate in 1971 with a dissertation on Italian opera arias of the early 18th century. After attending the Milan Conservatory, he worked in Munich as editor of the Wagner collected edition (1970–82). In 1975 he was made lecturer at King's College London, where he worked until he was appointed professor at Yale University (1983–90). He returned to King's College in 1991 and was made professor; from 1996-2007 he held the post of Heather Professor of Music at Oxford University. He is an honorary member of the AMS and a Fellow of the British Academy and in 1977 he was awarded the Dent medal of the Royal Musical Association. He has worked as editor for Acta Musicologica, Early Music History, Orbis musicae, Dramaturgia Musicale Veneta and the critical editions of Vivaldi and Locatelli. In addition to his numerous publications, he has contributed 36 articles on opera composers to Pipers Enzyklopädie des Musiktheaters. His principal areas of research include medieval, Renaissance and 18th-century music, the history of opera and the historiography of musicology. He is an associate member of the APGRD (Archive of Performances of Greek and Roman Drama).
On 2012 he was awarded the Balzan Prize for Musicology.

</doc>
<doc id="21413149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413149" title="Daniel Johnston discography">
Daniel Johnston discography

Discography.
The discography of Daniel Johnston, from Austin, Texas, consists of seventeen studio albums, three live albums, two compilation albums, and seven tribute albums.

</doc>
<doc id="21413205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413205" title="English Lop">
English Lop

The English Lop is a fancy breed of domestic rabbit that was developed in England, in the 19th century through selective breeding, and is believed to be the first breed of lop rabbit developed by humans, and possibly one of the oldest breeds of domestic rabbit. Averaging 11 pounds (5.5 kg), the English Lop is characterized by its distinctively long lop ears, bold head and large body size, and can live up to five years or more.
History.
As the first breed of lop rabbit, the English Lop was one of the first fancy breeds of rabbit developed in England, in the 19th century for the purposes of exhibition as a response to rise of animal fancy and consequently the rabbit's emergence as a mainstream household pet during the Victorian era, marking a departure from the earlier role of domesticated rabbit breeding for meat, fur and wool production. Later, the English Lop was bred with other Continental giant breeds of rabbit gave rise to a number of new breeds of lop rabbit, including the French Lop, which developed from breeding between the English Lop and Flemish Giant, and the Holland Lop, which was in turn developed from the French Lop and the Netherlands Dwarf. it is thought that the English lop got the large ears because in the Algeirs it was hot and with the big ears they kept cool.
Appearance.
This breed is the original Lop. These rabbits are longer and of a more slender build than their other Lop cousins and they are most noted by their characteristically long lop ears, which can be anywhere from 21" to 32" (tip to tip) the largest of any rabbit breed. Ears reach the end of their growth after approximately 5 months of age, although males can gain as much as an inch as their skull matures. English Lops are bred in both solids and brokens(colors broken by white) and within this, they can come in several different colours, including (but not limited to) Black, orange/fawn, blue, agouti/opal, chinchilla, Red Eyed White, and blue and black torts. The American Rabbit Breeders Association allows all recognized lop colors to be shown in either Solid or Broken groups other than pointed whites. English lops have a smooth, 'flyback' short coat, and their ears should be properly furred and silky to the touch. In body they should resemble a mandolin cut in half, a wide nose and broad head with no visible crown, long, loose hanging ears, strong shoulders and a rise that results in a round, deep body over the hips and flanks. Does can weigh anywhere from 10-15 lbs, with bucks generally weighing 9-12 lbs.
Lifestyle.
The English Lop needs a relatively large hutch or a shed/aviary conversion so it has room to move about without standing on its ears. It is common for a wooden hutch made of a heavy wood with a waterproof roof, and raised off the ground to be provided if the rabbit is living outdoors, or a wooden hutch or cage if it is kept indoors. The cage would have a plastic (not wire) with a wire lid fixed to the base. All rabbits must have an adequate exercise area, whether it is an outside run or an enclosed area in the house. The floor of the cage or hutch should be covered with soft material such as hay or blankets (woodshavings can cause respiratory problems), and in cold or wet weather, bedding material, such as straw can be provided for the outdoor rabbit. It is recommended that the rabbit hutch or cage be cleaned out weekly and any old food, bedding be removed every three days to prevent soiling of the fur and special hutch disinfectants be used to prevent the spread of bacteria. Also, an earthenware food bowl and a drinking bottle will also be required to feed and water the rabbit. Water bowls are not recommended as they will get their ears wet. Unlike other breeds, the English Lop will only require mild attention to grooming due to its short-hair. They can cope with hot weather provided they have cool shade to rest in and are out of direct sunlight but in the cold their ears are at risk of frostbite so they should be kept in an enclosed warm, dry area out of cold draughts.
Behaviour.
Adult English Lops are often referred to as the "dogs of the rabbit world". They are generally known to be quite placid (even lazy), outgoing, curious and friendly. They can make wonderful pets for children, although as a large breed rabbit any interaction between child and rabbit should be supervised.
Feeding.
Due to its relaxed and placid temperament, the English Lop is known to be relatively inactive. Like the majority of rabbits, the most Legume hays are higher in protein, calories, and calcium, which in excess can cause kidney stones and loose stool. This type of hay should be reserved for young kits or lactating does. 
It is recommended that the English Lop, like other rabbits, receive a standard intake of 2 cups of a good, quality pellet, with 16-18% plant protein, unlimitted grass hay, and constant access to fresh clean water. It is common for some owners to provide treats, although in very limited quantities, which can include a slice of strawberry, or other healthy foods. Commercial treats are available in the pet stores in shops and can be occasionally used, although even more sparingly, since they typically feature a higher sugar and starch content.
Some of the vegetables that rabbits enjoy are escarole, turnips, collard, kale, parsley, thyme, cilantro, dandelion, and basil. The green, leafy tops of radish and carrots also are excellent sources of nutrients—more than the vegetable itself. New vegetables should be introduced slowly due to the delicate digestive systems of rabbits. It is recommended that cauliflower, broccoli and cabbage be avoided, as they cause gas and can lead to gastrointestinal stasis, which can be fatal. Vegetables such as potatoes and corn should also avoided due to their high starch content. English Lops also require an unlimited amount of fresh water, usually provided for in a water crock, tip-proof ceramic pet dish, or hanging water bottle.
Health.
Due to the large ear size, English lops are slightly more vulnerable to a number of health problems, particularly ear infections, and it is advised that the ears should be checked periodically, especially for excess wax that can be accumulated on their deep ear canals and cleaned when appropriate. Ear blemishes can be kept to a minimum by keeping the toenails clipped, which can prevent injuries arising from the rabbit treading on its ears. The large surface area of its ears and body, and the absence of a dense undercoat can result in greater heat loss, which can become a problem for outdoor rabbits in cold climates and winters, and in the onset of these conditions, special measures should be taken to insulate the hutch, such as the provision of increased bedding and hay, and draft excluders. In freezing conditions, an English Lop should never be given a water dish or crock, since wet ears will freeze and even break under the right conditions. Accordingly, English Lops do better in heat than many other rabbit breeds, due to the cooling factor of their large ears. However, any temperature over 85 degrees is considered dangerously high and care should be made to ensure the rabbit has plenty of shade, fresh water, or cool surface to lie against. An English Lop can live in either a solid bottom hutch or cage with bedding provided, or an adequetly spaced wire bottom cage provided they have a thick resting board/pad to prevent injury to hocks.
Breeding.
The ideal age for the female English Lop rabbit to start breeding is 10 months of age. The female English Lop rabbit is known to be particularly prolific, with rich milk, and a good maternal sense, and can produce large litters of between 5-12 babies, with a gestation period of between 28–35 days. On average they give birth at 30–32 days. It is during the first 16 weeks of an English Lop's life that its ears undergo its most rapid growth, and for this period, theirs ears will require special care and attention. Although a baby English Lop is usually born with normal-sized ears, for a month, each week the ears' size will double. At about four weeks old, the ears will be longer than the English Lop's body and the rabbits will be prone to accidents or injuries, such as tripping over their ears, or accidentally scratching them frequently, and more care should be given during this initial stage.
Records.
On November 1, 2003 the ears of an English Lop called Nipper's Geronimo were measured at 79 cm (31.125 in) in a complete span at the American Rabbit Breeders Association National Convention in Wichita, Kansas, USA and are recorded as the largest measured ear-span of a rabbit, and a Guinness World Record.

</doc>
<doc id="21413216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413216" title="Roman Pavlyk">
Roman Pavlyk

Roman Pavlyk () (born 1 December 1983) is a Paralympic athlete from Ukraine. He has cerebral palsy and competes in T36 sprint and F36 long jump events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's - T36 event, a gold medal in the men's - T36 event and a silver medal in the men's - T36 event. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he won gold medals in long jump and 200 metres events, and bronze in 100m and 400m races.
He holds the long jump world record for F36 classified athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="21413233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413233" title="Tony Rensa">
Tony Rensa

George Anthony (Tony) Rensa (September 29, 1901 to January 4, 1987) was a Major League Baseball player. Rensa played for the New York Yankees, Detroit Tigers, Philadelphia Phillies and the Chicago White Sox. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Parsons, Pennsylvania and died in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21413235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413235" title="Teboho Mokgalagadi">
Teboho Mokgalagadi

Teboho Mokgalagadi is a Paralympian athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T35 sprint events.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T35 event, a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T35 event and finished fourth in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T35-38 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. and a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T35 event. He also won silver at the London 2012 games in the men's 100m - T35 and came 5th in the 200m - T35. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413239" title="Earth Report">
Earth Report

Earth Report is a 12" EP released by new wave band Faith Global on Survival Records in 1982. This was the first disc the band, comprised by multinstrumentalist Stevie Shears (formerly of Ultravox! and Cowboys International) and singer Jason Guy, released.
Guy said in 1983, the recording was a joke, and the early demos of the single were the cause they were signed by David Rome in Survival Records. The same year, they released their only album, "The Same Mistakes", before ceasing to work.

</doc>
<doc id="21413254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413254" title="Fu Xinhan">
Fu Xinhan

Fu Xinhan competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the shot putt, he also won silvers in the F35 discus and the long jump for less severely disabled athletes in the F36-38 category.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - F35 event, finished tenth in the men's Discus throw - F35/36 event and finished eighth in the men's Shot putt - F35/36 event

</doc>
<doc id="21413266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413266" title="Yang Sen (athlete)">
Yang Sen (athlete)

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 100 metres - T35 event

</doc>
<doc id="21413273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413273" title="Steffen Kocholl">
Steffen Kocholl

Steffen Kocholl (born 10 May 1983 in Öhringen) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21413280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413280" title="Bill Flynn (Australian politician)">
Bill Flynn (Australian politician)

William Bond Ingpen "Bill" Flynn (9 October 1951 – 23 April 2011) was an Australian politician. Born in Dorset in the United Kingdom, he served as a police officer in the UK for six years before becoming an Australian citizen in 1984. He remained a policeman, serving in Brisbane, Beenleigh, Woodridge, Oxley and Beaudesert. In 2000 he was presented with a National Medal.
In 2001, Flynn was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Lockyer, representing Pauline Hanson's One Nation. He was elected leader of the parliamentary party in March 2001, shortly after the election. The resignation of Elisa Roberts from the party left Flynn with only one colleague, Rosa Lee Long. In the 2004 election he defended his seat of Lockyer but lost it to National Party candidate Ian Rickuss, leaving Lee Long as One Nation's last MP. He unsuccessfully contested the seat of Oxley in the 2004 federal election.
Flynn died suddenly after a collapse on 23 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21413289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413289" title="Sompo Japan Building">
Sompo Japan Building

The is the corporate headquarters for Sompo Japan Insurance. It is located in the district Nishi-Shinjuku in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan. At 200 metres (656 ft), the building is the 28th tallest building in Tokyo and the 33rd tallest in Japan. It was designed by Yoshikazu Uchida.
On the 42nd floor is Seiji Togo Memorial Sompo Japan Museum of Art, where one of Vincent van Gogh's "Sunflowers" series of paintings is located.
The building is similar in appearance to Chase Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="21413310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413310" title="2008 Munster Senior Hurling Championship">
2008 Munster Senior Hurling Championship

The 2008 Munster Senior Hurling Championship was an annual hurling competition played between the 1 June and the 13 July in 2008 between five hurling counties from the provence of Munster. The Munster final was played on 13 July 2008 in the Gaelic Grounds, Limerick, between Tipperary and Clare. 
Tipperary claimed their first Munster Senior Hurling title since 2001 and 37th title overall as they overcame Clare by a score of 2-21 to 0-19.

</doc>
<doc id="21413313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413313" title="Hans-Ulrich von Oertzen">
Hans-Ulrich von Oertzen

Born in Berlin to an aristocratic family, he followed his father into the army and trained as a general staff officer. During World War II he was promoted to Major and by 1943 he was serving in Army Group Centre under Generalmajor Henning von Tresckow who was one of the leading members of the resistance. He then helped Claus von Stauffenberg to develop Operation Valkyrie. On 26 March 1944, he married Ingrid von Oertzen Langenn and a selection of 240 letters he wrote to her from 1942 to 1944 were recently published in book form in Germany. 
On 20 July 1944 he was the liaison officer to the commander of the defense group III (Berlin) and passed on the first Valkyrie orders. After the failure of the coup attempt, he was arrested and interrogated by General Joachim von Kortzfleisch and Generalleutnant Karl Freiherr von Thüngen, who was himself a member of the resistance. There was no evidence of complicity in the plot until the next morning when a secretary reported having seen him with von Stauffenberg. With the arrival of the Gestapo imminent he killed himself by detonating two hand grenades. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413323" title="August Claessens">
August Claessens

August "Gus" Claessens (1885–1954) was an American socialist politician, best known as one of the five New York Assemblymen expelled from that body during the First Red Scare for their membership in the Socialist Party of America. Claessens later served as Executive Secretary and National Chairman of the Social Democratic Federation, a factional offshoot of the Socialist Party.
Biography.
Early life.
August Claessens was born in Berne, Switzerland in 1885. His family emigrated to America in 1890 and he grew up in New York, educated in both Roman Catholic and public schools. Claessens went to work at age 14 and worked variously as a newsboy, grocery clerk, and shipping clerk.
Claessens took part in self-directed study through the Cooper Union and the Rand School of Social Science in New York City. While at the Rand School Claessens became interested in socialism and the Yiddish language, both joining the Socialist Party of America and becoming proficient in Yiddish by 1909. Claessens would actively participate in the predominately Jewish socialist movement in New York City for the rest of his life.
Well equipped by his Rand School training, Claessens was soon engaged as a public speaker and organizer on behalf of the organization, touring coast to coast. He also was a frequent speaker at public meetings of the Workmen's Circle "(Arbeiter Ring)," a predominantly Yiddish-language fraternal benefit organization.
In 1914 Claessens was employed as an instructor in public speaking at the Rand School. He also taught extension classes in Labor and Management for Rutgers University and was a volunteer speaker and organizer for various New York trade union locals. Throughout his life he taught night school courses on an array of topics, including public speaking, parliamentary procedure, psychology and social psychology, race relations, socialist theory, contemporary politics, anthropology, and sex and society.
Early in his tenure as a teacher at the Rand School, Claessens met a student named Hilda Goldstein, who he subsequently married. The pair traveled the country together as Socialist speakers.
Political career.
During World War I Claessens supported the majority of the Socialist Party in opposition to the war. He was nominated by the Socialists as their candidate for the New York Sate Assembly in the prominently Jewish Williamsburgh section of Brooklyn. Able to campaign effectively both in Yiddish and English, Claessens won easy election in November 1917 in the 17th Assembly District. Claessens subsequently won election twice, being a member of the State Assembly in 1918, 1919 and 1920. 
On the first day of the 1920 session, however, Republican Speaker of the House Thaddeus C. Sweet brought the five elected Socialist Assemblyman before the house and pushed through a resolution suspending them from the body pending a trial. Coming just a week after the infamous Palmer Raids, this action was a part of the anti-radical hysteria that was sweeping the nation during this period. The five Assemblymen — Claessens, Charles Solomon, Samuel A. DeWitt, Louis Waldman, and Samuel Orr — were represented in a trial before the Assembly by Morris Hillquit and Seymour Stedman in an event which became a "cause célèbre" among liberals, radicals, and civil libertarians across the nation. 
On April 1, 1920, the quintet were expelled from the Assembly, despite vociferous public protest. All five were re-elected at a special election on September 16, and appeared to take their seats at the beginning of the special session on September 20. The next day, DeWitt and Orr were permitted to take their seats, but Claessens, Solomon and Waldman were expelled again. Protesting against the re-expulsion of their comrades, DeWitt and Orr resigned their seats.
Claeesens contested the election of Democrat Murray Felenstein to the 145th New York State Legislature, and was seated on February 28, 1922. At the New York state election, 1926, he ran on the Socialist ticket for Lieutenant Governor of New York; and in November 1927 for New York City Alderman from the 6th Ward. At the New York state election, 1934, Claessens ran for Congress in New York's At-large congressional district.
Party split.
During the factional conflict within the Socialist Party during the 1930s, Claessens stood with the so-called "Old Guard" faction led by Hillquit, James Oneal, and Louis Waldman. After the youthful radical "Militant" faction won the day at the 1934 National Convention, passing an aggressive new Statement of Principles, Claessens joined his "Old Guard" comrades in an exodus from the party to establish the Social Democratic Federation (SDF).
In the middle 1930s, Claessens served as Executive Secretary of the SDF and was later elected to the position of National Chairman, a post which he held until his death in 1954.
Claessens was active in the American Labor Party during its early years and stood for election to the New York Assembly as part of a joint ALP-Republican ticket in 1938. He was defeated in the effort along with all 14 of the other American Labor candidates of the ill-considered ALP-Republican slate.
In 1944 Claessens joined with Socialist Party leaders Harry Laidler and Paul Blanshard in attempting to defeat the Communist-dominated faction which had gained control of the ALP. Failing to win control of that organization, Claessens and his associates withdrew that same year and established the Liberal Party of New York as a rival organization. Claessens would be a Liberal Party candidate for the State Assembly several times, failing to win election.
Death and legacy.
Gus Claessens died of a heart attack on December 9, 1954, in Brooklyn, New York. His body was interred at Cedar Grove Cemetery, located in Flushing, Queens, New York.
Claessens' papers reside at the Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives of Bobst Library at New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="21413325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413325" title="Luis Felipe Gutiérrez">
Luis Felipe Gutiérrez

Luis Felipe Gutiérrez (born 1988) is a visually impaired Paralympic athlete from Cuba. He competes in T13 sprint and F13 jumping events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T13 event and finished fifth in the men's 200 metres - T13 event. He competed in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, Great Britain. There he won a gold medal in the men's long jump - F13 event and a silver medal in the 100 metres - T13.
He holds the long jump and triple jump world records for F13 classified athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="21413341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413341" title="Abe and the Amazing Promise">
Abe and the Amazing Promise

Abe and the Amazing Promise is the 28th episode in the "VeggieTales" series, and it was released on winter of 2009. It is the first VeggieTales episode released in 2009. It is also the first VeggieTales episode to use the title's new logo. The "Silly Song" in this episode is "Sneeze if You Need To". This is the second episode to feature Junior Asparagus as Bob's co-host since the episode Josh and the Big Wall.
Plot.
Junior Asparagus is anxious for the new show production to be finished. Bob the Tomato reads a letter from Cairo, Illinois about "waiting" by directing a Bible-times interview with Abraham, Sarah and their promised son, Isaac. Like in Josh and the Big Wall!, Bob and Junior use imagination to travel. Their patience is tested by spitting camels, a confused nurse, an easily distracted film crew, and others. This episode's second segment is "Blunders in Boo-Boo-Ville". It is nearing the time of the great “Boo-Boo-Bird Festival,” but there haven’t been any Boo-Boo Birds spotted in the town for a long time. The festival is in danger of being cancelled if the town’s residents can’t come up with a way to attract the birds back to their city. Jacques learns a tough lesson about taking his time to make sure things are done correctly when an attempt to bring back the boo-boo birds doesn't go as smoothly as hoped. One of his inventions gone awry creating a rift in his friendship with Maurice and he must embark on his next task alone. He learns his lesson from a scientist and inventor named Leon Merengue.

</doc>
<doc id="21413354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413354" title="Stanley M. Rumbough, Jr.">
Stanley M. Rumbough, Jr.

Stanley Maddox Rumbough, Jr. (born April 25, 1920) was born in New York City and attended Yale University. His parents were LtCol Stanley Maddox Rumbough (1886-1961) and Elizabeth Morse Colgate (1889-1962), great-granddaughter of William Colgate founder of Colgate-Palmolive. He had one sister named Elizabeth Colgate Rumbough.
For many years he worked for a variety of manufacturing companies. Rumbough also had an interest in Republican politics. In 1951, he was co-founder (with Charles F. Willis) of the Citizens for Eisenhower movement, which helped develop grass roots support for the presidential campaign of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Branches of Citizens for Eisenhower were established in each state and helped plan local campaign activities. At the height of the 1952 campaign the national headquarters of Citizens for Eisenhower in New York City had over 700 volunteers and an extensive administrative staff.
After Eisenhower became president, Rumbough became a special assistant in the White House where he helped organize the Executive Branch Liaison Office. This office compiled newsletters, known as Fact Papers, analyzing statements by the President and Cabinet officers on a variety of issues, and explaining major administration programs and accomplishments. The newsletters were circulated to members of the administration who had been appointed by the president. This enabled political appointees to follow the evolution of administration policy. The office staff also helped coordinate public speeches made by administration officials to ensure that the officials would appear in venues that would be most beneficial to the administration.
He was married to actress Dina Merrill between 1946 and 1966. They had three children, Stanley Hutton Rumbough, David Post Rumbough (1950–1973) and Nedenia ("Nina") Colgate Rumbough.

</doc>
<doc id="21413366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413366" title="Thomas Vonn">
Thomas Vonn

Thomas Vonn (born December 3, 1975) is an American former alpine ski racer with the U.S. Ski Team.
Biography.
Primarily a giant slalom racer, Vonn's best finish in international competition was in the Super-G at the 2002 Winter Olympics, where he placed ninth.
Personal life.
He married champion ski racer, Lindsey Vonn, on 29 September 2007 at the Silver Lake Lodge in Deer Valley, Utah. Lindsey Vonn became the World Cup overall champion in 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2012, and 2010 Olympic Gold Medalist. They filed for divorce in 2011. Their divorce was finalized on January 9, 2013.
Vonn graduated from the Northwood School in 1994 and from St. Lawrence University in Canton, NY in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21413369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413369" title="Alexey Labzin">
Alexey Labzin

Alexey Labzin (born 7 December, 1978) is a Paralympian athlete from Russia competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T13 event and a silver medal in the men's 200 metres - T13 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21413379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413379" title="Michael Rundio">
Michael Rundio

Michael Rundio (born 21 January 1983 in Ulm) is a German footballer who plays for SV Lonsee. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart and also played two games for the club in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21413385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413385" title="Mayotte's 1st constituency">
Mayotte's 1st constituency

The 1st constituency of Mayotte is a French legislative constituency on the island of Mayotte. It is the island's only constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="21413387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413387" title="Louisville Belles">
Louisville Belles

The Louisville Belles are a team of the Women's Spring Football League based in Louisville, Kentucky. Home games are played at the campuses of Seneca High School and Ballard High School.
During their first two seasons, the Belles were known as the Louisville Nightmare and played in the Independent Women's Football League.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 0 || 15 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="21413398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413398" title="Yang Yuqing">
Yang Yuqing

He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - T12 event and a bronze medal in the men's 200 metres - T12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21413409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413409" title="Adekunle Adesoji">
Adekunle Adesoji

Adekunle Adesoji is a Paralympian athlete from Nigeria competing mainly in category T12 sprint events.
He won the gold in the 100 metres EAD at the 2002 Commonwealth Games and another in the 100 m EAD T12 at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He set Commonwealth Games records in both his victories. His run of 10.76 seconds at the 2002 Games was a world record for the T12 event.
He won the gold at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, running a new personal best and world record of 10.75 seconds.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T12 event and finished fourth in the men's 200 metres - T12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21413410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413410" title="32 Battalion (book)">
32 Battalion (book)

"32 Battalion: The Inside Story of South Africa's Elite Fighting Unit" is a book written by Piet Nortje. For his entire adult life he had been a soldier. Half of his military career he spent with 32 Battalion. During early 1993 he volunteered to compile the story of 32 Battalion. He was inspired to do this during informal discussions with two former 32 Battalion officers, Commandant Werner Sott, outgoing OC 7 SA Infantry Battalion, and his successor, Commandant Daan van der Merwe. They informed Nortje that someone else already approached to do so, but even though Nortje was advised to drop the idea, he started to collect as much information as possible on 32 Battalion.
At the end of 1993 a staff paper written by Major Walley Vrey, entitled "The History of 32 Battalion", was supplied to Nortje. Upon the retrieval of this document, he was again advised that there was another book in the pipeline, but he ignored this warning once again. By January 1998 no other book had been published about 32 Battalion's history, even though various people promised Nortje that there were other books being written. He started to fear that some vital information and facts would start to die away with time. He turned to Brigadier General Eddie Viljoen who immediately offered him assistance. Viljoen told Nortje how to proceed with this project, which Nortje appreciated very much, as Viljoen was the longest serving officer with 32 Battalion.
The main roadblock for Nortje was that all the information regarding 32 Battalion was still classified, and without official records the book wouldn't be as accurate and complete as possible. Because he was a serving member of the South African National Defence Force, he had to obtain special permission from the Chief of the South African Army before he could get access to these archives. The information was spread over 2319 files, all stamped "Top Secret" at the Department of Defence Documentation Centre in Pretoria. These documents were declassified between November 1999 an April 2002, revealing the truth behind what happened in Angola.
During the same period Nortje sent 1309 email messages to former members of the 32 leader group. He asked them for personal opinions, recollections, photographs and anecdotes. He even ran a website for six months to account for the experiences of those who served with 32 Battalion. The response Nortje got was disappointing. Only seven people returned emails to him. Due to this, he decided to only include the official records and his own experiences. The chapter headings of this book are very special. These are the names of songs traditionally sung by 32 Battalion, translated into English. These songs were sung on the eve of battle or on the parade ground.
People who made a contribution to this book:

</doc>
<doc id="21413420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413420" title="Milton Parker">
Milton Parker

Milton Parker (January 10, 1919 – January 30, 2009) was a co-owner of the Carnegie Deli, located at 55th Street and Seventh Avenue next to Carnegie Hall in the New York City borough of Manhattan, serving as the behind-the-scenes preparer of towering pastrami sandwiches while his partner Leo Steiner was the tummler who entertained celebrities, locals and tourists.
Parker was born on January 10, 1919 in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, to Jacob and Jennie Picker Packowitz, both of whom died while Parker was a child. He worked in Brooklyn diners and luncheonettes as a teen, and opened a coffee shop in a mall near Levittown, New York. He sold the establishment in the 1970s, but was bored after spending a year in retirement. Hearing from a business broker who knew that the Carnegie Deli was up for sale, he was part of a group that bought the business.
The Carnegie Deli was taken over by Parker in 1976, together with Leo Steiner and a third, less-active partner who sold his stake in the restaurant. Steiner died in 1987, and Parker retired in 2002, with management taken over by Sanford Levine, his son-in-law. Parker's business cards described him as "Milton Parker, CPM (corned beef and pastrami maven)".
Parker worked in the kitchen, behind the scenes, responsible for the traditional Eastern European Jewish cuisine of smoked meats — corned beef, pastrami, brisket and tongue — loaded into sandwiches, along with chicken soup and matzah balls, pickles and cheesecake. Partner Leo Steiner was the master of ceremonies in the dining room, greeting the many celebrities, such as Woody Allen, Jackie Mason, Yves Montand and Henny Youngman and taking them to their tables of choice and entertaining the many theater district tourists who came to partake in the festivities.
Of the many delicatessens in the area, the Carnegie Deli has had a longstanding rivalry with the nearby Stage Deli. While the Stage Delicatessen long had the better reputation, a 1979 article in "The New York Times" that rated the Carnegie Deli's pastrami as superior helped spur business and set off what had been described as the "Pastrami War". While both businesses routinely had customers lined up outside the door, Parker dismissed the Stage Deli, saying that "They're living off our overflow". Among the allegations in the war was that the Carnegie Deli's pastrami was made at its commissary in Secaucus, New Jersey with water from the Garden State, unlike the New York City water used to prepare the brine made by the Stage Deli for its pastrami.
Scenes from Woody Allen's 1984 film "Broadway Danny Rose", which told the story of a hapless talent agent, played by Allen, had much of the movie featuring scenes filmed over a meal at the Carnegie Deli.
Though the restaurant had opened in 1938, it never had knishes on the menu until 1988, when they were introduced by Parker, accompanied by a knish-eating competition created as a publicity stunt. The $250 prize went to a soda salesman from Brooklyn who had never eaten a knish before, but managed to consume four and one-half of the one-pound knishes in the allotted 15 minutes.
A Los Angeles branch of the Carnegie Deli, co-owned by billionaire Marvin Davis, opened with much fanfare in July 1989, with opening ceremonies including Carol Channing dropping a giant Styrofoam matzoh ball into a correspondingly huge bowl of chicken soup, with the ceremonial slicing of a salami substituting for the more traditional ribbon cutting. In the face of declining business and poor reviews, including what was called by Zagat Survey's local restaurant guide as the city's "worst chicken soup", the restaurant closed down in November 1994.
Catskills Mountains comedian Freddie Roman lamented his death, reminiscing that "In the history of delicatessens, Milton Parker's Carnegie Deli caused more heartburn to the Jewish world than anything I've ever heard of" and that "His pastrami sandwich was incredibly much too large for human consumption."
A resident of Manhattan, Parker died at age 90 on January 30, 2009 due to respiratory problems. He was survived by his wife of 62 years, the former Mildred Levy, a son, a daughter, a brother and a granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21413454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413454" title="Genesee Democrat">
Genesee Democrat

The Genesee Democrat was a major paper in Flint, Michigan printed from 1845 to 1906 under different names. It was an early paper in the county being challenged by the Wolverine Citizen, and The Flint Globe.
History.
Original the Democrat was named The Flint Republican and started publication in 1845 by Daniel S. Merritt. Price at that time was $1.50 cash or $2 in produce. In 1848, the Republican was acquired and renamed to Genesee Democrat by Royal W. Jenny. With the death in 1876 of Jenny, Mrs. Jenny, a poem book author, ran the paper for several weeks until it was sold to H. N. Mather for five hundred dollars. Mather added a Sunday Edition. He was editorially in support of the Democratic Party. 
While Flint Mayor in 1878, Jerome Eddy purchased the Genesee Democrat from Mather. Soon afterwards, his son managed and edited the Democrat. In 1884, the Daily News was launched as a daily paper to complement the weekly Genesee Democrat.
William H. Werkheiser and Sons of Easton, Pennsylvania purchased the papers in 1884. In 1887, Werkheiser and this two sons, George and Frank F., began editing the paper. W. V. Smith, of Olean, New York purchased the papers in 1905 and operating them until sold to H. H. Fitzgerald in 1906. Fitzgerald fold the Democrat and the Daily News into his other newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="21413455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413455" title="Hilton Langenhoven">
Hilton Langenhoven

Hilton Langenhoven (born 21 June 1983) is a South African athlete and three time Paralympic Champion, competing mainly in category F12 (visual impairment) long jump events. He was born in Somerset West, Western Cape.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's Long jump - F12 event, finished eighth in the men's 100 metres - T12 event, finished eighth in the men's 200 metres - T12 event and finished fifth in the men's Javelin throw - F12 event. At the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games, he won a silver medal in the 100 metres T12 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China, a gold medal in the men's 200 metres - T12 event, a gold medal in the men's Long jump - F12 event and a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21413462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413462" title="Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon's 1st constituency">
Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon's 1st constituency

The 1st constituency of Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon is a French legislative constituency on the islands of Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon. It is the islands' only constituency and also the least populated constituency in France with only 6,316 inhabitants in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21413474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413474" title="Thomas Ulbricht">
Thomas Ulbricht

Thomas Ulbricht is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in category P12 pentathlon events.
He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he finished fifth in the men's 400 metres - T12 event and went out in the first round of the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. , a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P12 event, went out in the first round of the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event, finished seventh in the men's Javelin throw - F11/12 event and finished tenth in the men's Long jump - F12 event

</doc>
<doc id="21413475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413475" title="Helmut Krone">
Helmut Krone

Helmut Krone (July 16, 1925 – April 12, 1996) was an art director and is considered to be a pioneer of modern advertising. Krone spent over 30 years at the advertising agency Doyle Dane Bernbach. He was the art director for the popular 1960s campaign for the Volkswagen Beetle, which featured a large unadorned photo of the car with the tiny word "Lemon" underneath it; the series of "When you're only No. 2, you try harder" advertisements for Avis, and the creation of Juan Valdez, who personified Colombian coffee. During his career, Krone won a number of awards and was inducted in both the One Club's Creative Hall of Fame and the Art Directors Hall of Fame. His work has been collected by the Museum of Modern Art and the Smithsonian. 
Krone's "Think Small" advertisement for Volkswagen was voted the No. 1 campaign of all time in Advertising Age’s 1999 "The Century of Advertising" issue.
Krone was born in 1925 in Yorkville, Manhattan, which was at that time a German section. He attended Public School 77 in Queens, graduating in 1939. He then enrolled at the School of Industrial Art, where he hoped to become a product designer. When he was 21, he took his first step towards advertising, working with designer Robert Greenwell doing freelance advertisements for magazines. He followed naval service in World War II with postwar classes with Alexey Brodovitch and stints at "Esquire" and Sudler & Hennessey. Then, at the age of 29, he began to work for Doyle Dane Bernbach, where he was one of only four art directors. With the exception of a few years in the early 1970s when he started his own agency, Case and Krone (later Case and McGrath), he would spend his entire career there. Krone retired as executive vice president-creative director at DDB Needham, as the agency became known after a merger in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21413479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413479" title="Robert Vujević">
Robert Vujević

Robert Vujević (born 26 November 1980 in Esslingen am Neckar, Germany) is a Croatian football player. As of February 2009, he plays for Kickers Würzburg. He spent 2 seasons in the Bundesliga with VfB Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="21413481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413481" title="Mahmoud Khaldi">
Mahmoud Khaldi

Mahmoud Khaldi is a Paralympian athlete from Tunisia competing mainly in category P12 pentathlon events.
He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P12 event and went out in the quarter-finals of the men's 400 metres - T12 event
Athletics.
Men's 200m - T12
Men's 400m - T12

</doc>
<doc id="21413495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413495" title="Ken Turner (politician)">
Ken Turner (politician)

Kenneth "Ken" Turner (born 6 May 1944) is a former Australian politician. He was born in Brisbane. Before his involvement in politics he was a commercial fisherman, and served in the Citizens Military Force 1961–1965. In 1998 he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Thuringowa. He was appointed Spokesperson for Communication, Local Government, Planning, Regional and Rural Communities, Environment, Heritage and Natural Resources, and Primary Industries on 7 August. On 6 February 1999, together with party colleagues Dorothy Pratt and Shaun Nelson, he resigned from One Nation to sit as an independent. He was defeated by Labor's Anita Phillips in 2001. He contested Thuringowa again at the 2009 state election against sitting Labor MP Craig Wallace, but received only around 11% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="21413511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413511" title="John Fulbrook">
John Fulbrook

John Fulbrook III (born in 1971 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American graphic
designer and creative director.
Fulbrook studied at the University of Rochester in Rochester, New York,
earning a Bachelor of Arts. In the mid-1990s, he began at Little, Brown and Company as an advertising and promotional designer. Fulbrook designed book jackets there for three more years before moving to a senior designer position at The New York Times Sunday Magazine.
For seven years he was the art director for the literary Simon and Schuster imprint, Scribner, where he designed bestselling book jackets for authors such as Stephen King, Steve Martin, Annie Proulx, Don DeLillo, Miranda July, Kathy Reichs, Bobby Flay and many more.
In 2008, he became the creative director for a new experiential communication and branding firm named COLLINS.
Fulbrook also designs political illustrations, restaurants, exhibitions, as well as contributing to The New York Times.
Fulbrook has won awards from The American Institute of Graphic Arts, The Art Directors Club, The Type Directors Club, Print magazine, The New York Book Show and ID Magazine. In 2000 he was named a Print Magazine New Visual Artist (20 under 30) and was a 2001 Young Gun.
He has served on the New York Board of the American Institute of Graphic Arts, the Board of J and L Books, and is an adjunct professor of graphic design at The School of Visual Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="21413520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413520" title="Vicente González Lizondo">
Vicente González Lizondo

Vicente González Lizondo (Valencia, Spain, 22 August 1942 - 23 December 1996) was a Spanish politician and co-founder of the regional party Valencian Union (Unió Valenciana.)
Early life.
Married with four children, González was a businessman and the owner of a factory which made paintbrushes.
His early political involvement was as a member of the Valencian Regional Union (Unio Regional Valencianista/URV), a political party formed after the Spanish General Election of 1977. Politically he was conservative and strongly anti-Catalan, opposing those who favoured a pan-Catalan approach which would link the Valencian Community with Catalunya and other Catalan speaking areas Consequently on 30 August 1982 he joined other members of URV in forming the Valencian Union (UV) becoming President for Valencia Province.
Political career.
Mayoral candidate.
In May 1983 he was elected to Valencia City Council at the head of the UV list and set his sights on becoming Mayor of Valencia. When the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) Mayor Ricard Pérez Casado resigned in January 1989 he stood but lost to PSOE candidate Clementina Ródenas by 13 votes to 14. 
In 1991 he again ran for Mayor and again narrowly lost to Rita Barbera Nolla of the People's Party (PP)
National MP and President of the Valencian Corts.
Six years later in 1989 he headed the UV list in the 1989 General Election and was elected to the national parliament as a deputy for Valencia province. He was re-elected at the 1993 General Election however UV lost one of their two seats at that election. One year later, in October 1994, he resigned his parliamentary seat and was replaced by his party colleague José María Chiquillo Barber.
In 1995 he was elected to the Corts Valencianes, the Valencian regional parliament and was elected President of the Corts as a result of a pact formed between UV and the larger PP.
Expulsion from UV and death.
He was expelled from UV on 30 November 1996 and three weeks later collapsed of a heart attack during a parliamentary session which was discussing the creation of the Miguel Hernández University of Elche. This proved fatal as he died several days later. González had previously suffered two heart attacks and doctors speculated that the stress of the events surrounding his expulsion from the party may have led to his fatal heart attack. Another possible factor cited was the lengthy parliamentary session that he had presided over. 
Vicente González-Lizondo y Sánchez.
Following his death, his son, Vicente González-Lizondo y Sánchez, (Valencia, 17 June 1975) entered Valencian politics as a member of UV rising to become Party President in Valencia Province. UV's results had continued to decline in this period and they had lost their representation in both the Corts Valencianes and Valencia city council in 1999 and in the national parliament in 2000. 
In May 2007 he stood as the party's candidate for Mayor of Valencia but following further poor results

</doc>
<doc id="21413541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413541" title="Naval High School (Turkey)">
Naval High School (Turkey)

Deniz Lisesi, known in other languages by its English name "Turkish Naval High School" was known in Turkish as the "Muhendishane-i Bahri Humayun" ("Imperial School of Naval Engineering") and later the "Mekteb-i Bahriye-i Sahane" ("Imperial Naval School"). Located on Heybeliada island just off from the Istanbul coast, Deniz Lisesi serves as the military high school training naval cadets for the Turkish Naval Academy. Established in 1773, it is one of the oldest Turkish high schools in Istanbul. Being a military school in nature, access is open only to students who are Turkish citizens with a special admission exam and a physical test.
History.
The history of Deniz Lisesi dates back to 1773. The high school started as "Muhendishane-i Bahri Humayun" (Imperial School of Naval Engineering) in the Kasımpaşa arsenal district of Istanbul.
Origins (1773-1834).
First school which forms the Naval Academy's basis was founded by Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha under the name of "Naval Engineering Golden Horn Naval Shipyard" during the reign of Mustafa III in 1773. It was rather a course providing education to civilian captains of merchant marine as well. In this course, given onboard of a galleon anchored at Kasımpaşa, Plane Geometry and Navigation were taught.
According to Memories of Baron de Tott, which were published after his returning to his country, in 1773 he was appointed for establishment of a Naval Shipyard Mathematical College on the command of Hasan Pasha during the reign of Sultan Mustafa III, who was a believer of the fact that science and education must have become widespread. The trainees who were advanced in age, even the captains with white beard had reached to a capacity within three months that they were able to measure altitude, practice the four rules of the plane geometry over the land, and plot a route. This training ended as it was sufficient for the trainees in their sixties and Sultan Mustafa III and Baron de Tott decided that this education would be consummated by practices in course of time.
The Mathematical College in the shipyard was so small and didn't meet the requirement. Thus a new mathematical college with several rooms started to be constructed on about the same place where the galleons with three holds were constructed. The school that would give three- year education, started training in its new building under the name of "The Imperial Naval Engineering School" on October 22, 1784. Naval Engineering School was divided into two divisions. In the first division, Navigation and Plotting oriented education was given, and in the second division cadets were educated for being Naval architecture officers.
Naval Engineering School was burnt in a conflagration setting some parts of Kasimpasa on fire in 1821, and it was transferred to reconstructed Errehane (sawmill) building around Parmakkapi in the shipyard in 1822.
When Sultan Mahmud II came to Divanhane (imperial hall of audience) for a stone pool construction at the place which is known today as Tas Havuzlar (Stone Pools), He was said that the building in Parmakkapi was unsuitable for education, and according to his imperial order the construction of a separate school was conformed. Until the construction completed, transfer of Science of Navigation division to Heybeliada, as a temporary solution, was decided.
Interim period (1834-1909).
During the days that the school was moved from Heybeliada to the new construction at Kasimpasa in 1838, it is understood from the code of laws promulgated over the school that the education and training activities were commenced with an effective program.
The school, called "Naval School" after the Reformation, functioned in Kasimpasa for 12 years then was moved again to Heybeliada for the last time. The school had 34 rooms and 150 trainees. Furthermore a 30-bed hospital, a pharmacy, a printing house, a book binder's shop, and a very big library were available. English training system was followed and some lessons were even taught by English instructors.
In that period, in addition to the name "Naval School", the school was also called "Naval School The Great", "Naval Technical School" and "Naval Technical School The Great".
Sultan Abdülaziz (1861-1876) was the first Ottoman sultan to travel to Europe. Invited by Napoleon III, in June–July 1867 he attended the World Exhibition in Paris. He then visited Queen Victoria in London, Wilhelm I in Prussia and Franz Joseph I in Vienna. Sultan Abdülaziz was impressed by the French educational system during his visit, andon his return to Istanbul he announced the Edict of Public Education, which established a free compulsory education system for all children until they became twelve.
In the reign of the Sultan Abdülaziz the number of the trainees registered was increased and the education was improved. The training programs were handled again parallel to technological development of the century, and a steam division- to operate the steam engines, was added, in addition to the Deck and Naval Architecture divisions. Thus, the Naval School had an aspect of a school giving 8-year education, 4 years of which in Naval High School and 4 years at the Academy.
Modern period (1909-1923).
After the Second Constitution Period, an upgraded education system, adapted from British Naval Academy, was applied in 1909.
During the years of the Balkan War, the educational system was modified. Hence, four-year Naval School graduates were educated for three years on board the school ship as engineers. After that, they would assumed their duties by being promoted to Lieutenant Junior Grade. Thus the school, called "Island School", had the property of being most significant school of Turkey with respect to both educational system and social life.
Republic period (1923-present).
With the abolition of the Ottoman Empire and the proclamation of the Republic of Turkey in 1923, the name of the school was changed to "Deniz Lisesi".
It is seen that in Republic Period the cadets admitted to Naval School were to be educated over deck, engine, and secretary divisions. The training term for deck and engine divisions was four years, the first year of which was the preparation period. Cadets that could graduate at the end of this period, underwent a course for another year, after then, they commenced their duties in the Navy by being promoted to engineer (ensign).
Heybeliada Naval School was given the name of "Naval High School" by the command of General Chief of Staff on 27 May 1928, and the curriculum of military schools was applied in the new education term beginning on the first of August. This new education and training system, began in1928, was applied for two academic years. Naval High School and Naval Basic School were re-united at the facilities of Heybeliada under the name of "Naval Academy and High School".
When the Second World War started in 1941 and Germans began to occupy Balkans, the transportation of the Naval Schools to Anatolia was necessary. And on May 23, Naval Academy and High School were transported to Infantry Barracks in Mersin. Naval Academy and High School located in this place unsuitable for education until 9 September 1946, when it was transferred back to Heybeliada.
Education.
Education is primarily in English and Turkish.
The school years break down as follows:
English Prep (1 year)
High School (4 years)
All graduates of the Naval High School are directly admitted to the Turkish Naval Academy with no further examination following the oath taking ceremony.
Motto.
""Denizlere Hakim Olan Cihana Hakim Olur""
Turkish for "He who controls the seas, controls the world"
Deniz Lisesi sports.
"See Deniz Gucu"
Deniz Lisesi traditions.
Fraternity: "Efe'm" tradition.
At Deniz Lisesi there is a tradition of respecting the senior class students. The seniors protect the junior class stundents while the junior ones respect the senior, creating a relationship of fraternal hierarchy and ranks among the student body. After graduation, this fraternity transforms into a natural military hierarchic order.
Deniz Lisesi Alumni Day.
Deniz Lisesi alumni gather on the grounds of the school in Heybeliada every year, on November 18, to enjoy a day of reunion and reenact their daily routines as in the old school days.
Deniz Lisesi Lamb Day.
Lamb Day (Kuzu Gunu), a day of reunion and feast for all "Gemiciler", where a special Pilav (rice pilaf) and lamb meat is served in the school's cafeterias at the end of the academic year. Hierarchic order among classes are suspended for the duration of the day and students relax through competing with each other in many sportive events, with a special highlight on the rowing competition and the famous tug of war. Many schools have copied this tradition and now hold their reunions and call them "Lamb Days".
Deniz Lisesi alumni.
During 80 years of the Republican Period, there was one President, two Prime Ministers and many other high level officials in the state administration. Apart from these, many academicians, judges, educators, writers, doctors, architects, engineers, journalists, artists, stage artists, poets, painters etc. constitute the illustrious alumni of this institution.

</doc>
<doc id="21413563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413563" title="Christian Heinrich von Nagel">
Christian Heinrich von Nagel

Christian Heinrich von Nagel (28 February 1803, Stuttgart, Germany – 27 October 1882, Ulm, Germany) was a German geometer.
After the visit of the gymnasium in 1817, Nagel went to Evangelical Seminaries of Maulbronn and Blaubeuren. From 1821 to 1825, he took a four-year course of theology at the Tübinger Stift. After his graduation, he early became interested in mathematics. He became mathematics and science teacher at the Lyceum and at the Secondary school in Tübingen. Already in 1826, he earned doctorate at the local Faculty of Philosophy on a theme "De triangulis rectangulis ex algebraica aequatione construendis" (About right triangles construable from an algebraic equation). Until 1830, he held post of a private lecturer in Tübingen. In that year, he moved to Ulm where he had a better-paid job as a teacher at the Gymnasium in Ulm. Later he was rector of the affiliated Realschule. He was ennobled in 1875.
His best known results are from triangle geometry. One of the notable triangle points, Nagel point, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="21413574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413574" title="Dan Gattis">
Dan Gattis

Dan Gattis was a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives, formerly representing the 20th District from 2002 to 2010. 
His district was made up of Milam and part of Williamson County Gattis planned to run for State Senate in 2010 when State Senator Steve Ogden announced his retirement, but later withdrew from the race to spend more time with his family. Senator Ogden subsequently reconsidered his retirement and announced for re-election.
Personal life and Occupation.
Dan Gattis is a 6th generation Texan, born in Austin, Texas, to a long time Williamson County farming and ranching family. His mother is a retired public school teacher, and his Father, Dan A. Gattis, Sr. is a former high school agricultural teacher, former General Manager of the Houston Livestock Show & Rodeo and current County Judge of Williamson County. 
Dan lives in Jonah, Texas (outside of Georgetown, Texas) with his wife Shana, and three young children.
Beyond his political career, Dan is a founder of the Gattis Law Firm, PC, and also manages his and his family's farming and ranching operations. Previously, he worked as a prosecutor for the Williamson County Attorney’s Office and the District Attorney’s Office.
Education.
Dan Gattis attended Friendswood High School, in Friendswood, Texas. He went on to graduate from Texas A&M University in 1990. Here, he was a member of the Corps of Cadets and also served as class president. Dan then obtained his law degree at South Texas College of Law in 1993.
Legislative Involvement.
Representative Gattis served on several committees, including the House Appropriations Committee and the Budget Conference Committee, where he was the main health and welfare budget writer.
Furthermore, Gattis was Vice-Chair of the Subcommittee on Health and Human Services, the Chair for budget and oversight to the House Natural Resources Committee, and a member of the Joint Committee on State Water Funding and Select Environmental Flows Advisory Group. 
When not in session, Gattis served on the House Select Committee on Property Tax Relief and Appraisal Reform, which held hearings throughout Texas to hear from taxpayers and officials on how to reform the property tax system.
Legislative Work.
Representative Dan Gattis was a part of the passage of many bills.
81st Session.
In January, 2009 Gattis filed HB 747, which will make it easier for officers to attain breath or blood samples from assumed drunk drivers, given that they have been arrested for two or more DWI offenses. Gattis said this will enable officers to hold the most serious DWI offenders accountable for their actions.
In April, 2009 Gattis filed HB 4815, which is intended to require some non-HOA residents of an Austin area suburb to join a nearby mandatory HOA, as their Municipal Utility District (MUD) is being annexed by the city of Cedar Park. Some residents felt that their property rights were being infringed upon, but the MUD's lobby was effective.
80th Session.
In the 80th Session, Gattis passed HB 1557 and SB 1832, which eliminates marked up charges on healthcare expenses. 
Gattis also led the passage of HB 8, known as Jessica’s Law, which toughens punishment for child sex offenders. 
Additionally, Gattis passed HB 1355, which deals with punishment of irresponsible owners in the case of serious dog attacks. Beyond this, the Representative kept the identity of an abused student private with SB 606.
79th Session.
In the 79th session, Gattis authored HB 836 in the 79th Session, which allows patients to state whether they want generic or name brand drugs, before receiving their prescription. It also gives patients the right to pay the listed price if it is lower than the co-pay price. 
Beyond this, Gattis passed HB 904, which allows prison sentences for those possessing child pornography to be increased by judges. Gattis has passed several pieces of legislation that give judges more authority on denying bail on criminal defends, among other issues. 
Additionally Gattis authored HB 1208. This bill limits municipal utility districts in applying eminent domain.
78th Session.
Gattis authored HB 136, which enables counties and cities to freeze property tax rates for those who are disabled or are over the age of 65. Also dealing with property tax issues, Gattis passed SB 392 and HB 2346 which deals with specific knowledge residents must be aware of and their rights to challenge appraisals. 
Gattis also co-authored HB 263 that reinforces child advocacy centers, and helped the passage of SB 319 and HB 246, known as the “Laci Peterson” law.

</doc>
<doc id="21413588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413588" title="Best Foot Forward (musical)">
Best Foot Forward (musical)

Best Foot Forward is a 1941 Broadway musical by Hugh Martin and Ralph Blane, with book by John Cecil Holm. Produced by George Abbott, the production opened on 1 October 1941 at the Ethel Barrymore Theatre where it was staged for 326 performances.
Synopsis.
High school comedy: Just for fun, young student Bud Hooper asks his idol, Hollywood actress Gale Joy, to come to Philadelphia to be his partner at a dance. His school is Winsocki Military Academy. Jack Haggerty, the actress' manager in Hollywood, sees an opportunity for special publicity and advises Gale to accept Bud's invitation. The appearance of the famous star at Winsocki is greeted with excitement, and Bud abandons his own girl Helen Schlessinger to accompany Gale to the ball. Out of jealousy, Helen damages Gale's sash while she is dancing, which causes a riot. Others begin to tear off pieces of Gale's clothes as well, but only to gain souvenirs from the famous star. As the school regards the incident as a scandal, Bud is now in danger of being expelled from school, as he has caused all this. Gale Joy and Jack Haggerty try to avoid furore and immediately go back to Hollywood. After Bud and Helen settle their arguments and any other problems are solved, everything at Winsocki goes back to normal.
Songs.
Song List Sung By 
Act 1
Don't Sell the Night Short ... Minerva, Blind Date, Students and Girls 
Three Men on a Date ... Bud Hooper, Dutch Miller and Hunk Hoyt 
That's How I Love the Blues ... Gale Joy and Jack Haggerty 
The Three B's ... Ethel, Minerva and Blind Date 
Everytime (Ev'ry Time) ... Helen Schlessinger 
The Guy Who Brought Me ... Gale Joy, Jack Haggerty, Bud Hooper, Dutch Miller and Hunk Hoyt 
I Know You By Heart ... Bud Hooper 
Shady Lady Bird ... Helen Schlessinger and Students 
Shady Lady Bird (Reprise) ... Helen Schlessinger and Ensemble 
Act 2
Buckle Down, Winsocki ... Chuck Green, Old Grad and Chorus 
My First Promise ... Ethel and Singers 
What Do You Think I Am? ... Minerva, Hunk Hoyt and Chorus 
Just a Little Joint With a Juke Box ... Blind Date and Hunk Hoyt 
Where Do You Travel? ... Jack Haggerty, Helen Schlessinger, Miss Delaware Water Gap and Singers 
Everytime (Ev'ry Time) (Reprise) ... Gale Joy 
I'd Gladly Trade ... Gale Joy and Entire Company

</doc>
<doc id="21413590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413590" title="Steffen Handschuh">
Steffen Handschuh

Steffen Handschuh (born 26 April 1980) is a retired German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga on the roster of VfB Stuttgart, but only played one league game, coming on as a substitute for Christian Tiffert and scoring the second goal in a 2–0 win against SC Freiburg on 7 April 2002. His father, Karl-Heinz Handschuh, played in the Bundesliga for 14 seasons from 1966 to 1980 for VfB Stuttgart and Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21413595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413595" title="Eboo Patel">
Eboo Patel

Eboo Patel is a member of President Barack Obama's inaugural Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood Partnerships. He is an American Ismaili Muslim of Gujarati Indian heritage and founder and president of the Interfaith Youth Core[http://www.ifyc.org/],
Biography.
Patel grew up in Glen Ellyn, IL where he attended Glenbard South High School. He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for his undergraduate studies and earned a degree in Sociology. He has a doctorate in the sociology of religion from Oxford University, where he studied on a Rhodes scholarship.
Patel details his life and career extensively in his 2007 autobiography, Acts of Faith. In the book, Patel notes that he became interested in religious diversity in college, where he noticed that conversations around multiculturalism and multiple identities did not involve religious identity. After graduating college, he taught at an alternative education program for high school dropouts in Chicago and, inspired partly by Dorothy Day’s Catholic Worker movement, founded a cooperative living community for activists and artists in Chicago’s Uptown neighborhood. As an activist, Patel felt that diversity, service, and faith were important parts of civic life but found no community organization that touched on all three, specifically one that worked with young people. In response, he developed the idea for the Interfaith Youth Core, formulated through his relationship with Brother Wayne Teasdale and blessed by the Dalai Lama, that would bring young people of different faiths together around service and dialogue.
While a student at Oxford, Patel ran numerous interfaith youth projects in India, Sri Lanka, and South Africa. He officially founded IFYC in 2002 with a Jewish friend and a $35,000 grant from the Ford Foundation. Today the organization employs approximately 30 people and has a $4 million operating budget.
In addition to his work with IFYC, Patel has spoken at numerous college campuses and conferences across the country. Patel and IFYC partnered with White House Officials in developing President Obama’s Interfaith and Community Service Campus Challenge, which invited schools across the nation to make interfaith cooperation a campus priority and launched in 2011. His second book, Sacred Ground: Pluralism, Prejudice, and the Promise of America, was released in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21413598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413598" title="Court–McPharlin Ministry">
Court–McPharlin Ministry

The Court–McPharlin Ministry was the 26th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Liberal Premier Sir Charles Court and his deputy, National Country Party leader Ray McPharlin. It succeeded the Tonkin ministry on 8 April 1974, following the defeat of the Labor government at the 1974 election nine days earlier. The Ministry collapsed when McPharlin led the National Country Party out of the Coalition on 20 May 1975, and was reconstituted on 5 June 1975 as the Court Ministry.
Overview.
Prior to the election, the Country Party had tentatively merged with the Democratic Labor Party, going to the voters as the "National Alliance" which put forward a centrist platform—however, they lost both votes and seats in doing so, when compared with the two parties' performance at the 1971 election.
In order to form a parliamentary majority, the National Country Party under its new leader, Ray McPharlin, agreed to form a coalition with the Liberals after the election, and negotiated three seats in the Ministry. However, relations between the two parties were not smooth—the reduced position of the party vis-a-vis the Liberals had led to public discussions that it needed an identity distinct from the Liberals in order to survive.
Ultimately, tensions over rural and education issues and, ultimately, milk quotas for dairy producers led to a split, and on 20 May 1975, National Country Party leader Ray McPharlin had led the party (and its three Ministers) out of the Coalition. In the negotiations which followed, which included, among others, Federal Country Party leader Doug Anthony and Queensland Premier Joh Bjelke-Petersen, McPharlin was replaced as leader by Dick Old and the Coalition was resumed on 31 May; however, Court insisted he was too inexperienced to be Deputy Premier, and from this point until the Liberals' defeat in 1983, while the Coalition was maintained between the two parties, the Liberal Party got to name both leading positions in the Ministry.
The Ministry.
On 8 April 1974, the Governor, Air Commodore Sir Hughie Edwards, constituted the Ministry. He designated 12 principal executive offices of the Government and appointed the following ministers to their positions, who served until the end of the Ministry on 5 June 1975.
On 20 May 1975, the three Country members of the Ministry resigned. Four existing Ministers assumed the portfolios in an acting capacity while negotiations continued: Des O'Neil and Alan Ridge divided Ray McPharlin's duties, whilst Neil McNeill acted for Matt Stephens and Graham MacKinnon acted for Norm Baxter.
The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, whilst green entries indicate members of the National Country Party. The members of the Ministry were:

</doc>
<doc id="21413608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413608" title="Jeff Knuth">
Jeff Knuth

Jeffrey Allan "Jeff" Knuth (born 9 March 1962) is a former Australian politician. Born in Ayr, Queensland, he was a painter and decorator before entering politics. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Burdekin. He was party whip and spokesperson for Public Works and Housing until 23 February 1999, when he resigned from the party to sit as an independent. On 5 August, he formed the Country Party Queensland as a splinter group from One Nation, but on 18 February 2000 joined the larger City Country Alliance, led by Bill Feldman. He was defeated by Labor's Steve Rodgers in 2001, and contested the seat in the 2004 state election as an independent with the support of federal independent MP Bob Katter. He later became aligned with the New Country Party.
His brother, Shane Knuth, later won the seat of Charters Towers for the National Party.
He later went on to defeat One Nation's last parliamentary representative for the seat of Dalrymple.

</doc>
<doc id="21413611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413611" title="Milan amphitheatre">
Milan amphitheatre

The Milan amphitheatre was a Roman amphitheatre in the ancient city of "Mediolanum", the modern Milan, northern Italy.
History.
The amphitheatre was built near the Porta Ticinese ("Ticino Gate") in the 2nd-3rd centuries AD, when Mediolanum grew as economical and political importance while Rome declined. It remained in use until the city was one of the capitals of the Western Roman Empire (4th or 5th centuries). Later it was abandoned after Christianism imposed the end to arena games, but also as, in the wake of the imperial crisis, animals to be used in the amphitheatre were no longer imported. It became a quarry for construction stones as early as the 4th century AD, when the Basilica of San Lorenzo was built.
The edifice was demolished during a Barbarian attack to Milan, as it was located outside the walls and could therefore be used as stronghold by the attackers. The date of the event is however uncertain: it could be 402, during the Visigothic invasion of Italy, or in 452, when northern Italy was ravage by Attila, or during the Gothic Wars (6th century).
Structure.
The scanty remains of the amphitheatre have however allowed the archaeologists to calculate that it was 129.5 m long and 109.3 m wide. The arena used for the fightings was 71 x 41 m.

</doc>
<doc id="21413612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413612" title="Jason Stutter">
Jason Stutter

Jason Stutter is a New Zealand-based motion picture, television and commercial director.
He has directed a number of short movies, including "Blood Suckers" and "Careful With That Axe", the latter winning the Golden Spike Award for best short film at the film festival in Valladolid, Spain. 
In 2009 he directed "", a feature film starring Jemaine Clement, Bret McKenzie and Rhys Darby (of "Flight of the Conchords" fame).
In 2010 he directed "Predicament", starring Jemaine Clement, Heath Franklin, Hayden Frost and Tim Finn.
External links.
Spooky Pictures Production Company

</doc>
<doc id="21413672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413672" title="Cliff Markle">
Cliff Markle

Clifford Monroe (Cliff) Markle (May 3, 1894 to May 24, 1974), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played with the New York Yankees and the Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Dravosburg, Pennsylvania and died in Temple City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21413673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413673" title="Vicious Rumors (Timex Social Club album)">
Vicious Rumors (Timex Social Club album)

Vicious Rumors is the sole studio album from the R&B band Timex Social Club, released in 1986. It contains the group's Billboard Hot 100 top 10 and R&B #1 hit "Rumors," as well as the follow-up R&B hits "Thinkin' About Ya'" and "Mixed Up World."
Music videos were made for "Rumors" and "Mixed Up World."

</doc>
<doc id="21413675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413675" title="Jimmy Mainfroi">
Jimmy Mainfroi

Jimmy Mainfroi (born March 28, 1983 in Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire) is a Réunion-French footballer who currently plays for Amiens SC.
Football career.
Mainfroi began his career with the age from fifteen in the youth from Montpellier HSC, was promoted to first team in January 2004 and made his professional football debut on 6 March 2004 in the Ligue 2 match with Montpellier against Toulouse F.C.. In July 2007 joined than on a free transfer to Grenoble Foot 38, he left also after six years Montpellier. On 30 October 2008 Mainfroi is expected to be out for the rest of the season after undergoing surgery. On 16 January 2012, he signed a three-year contract with Ligue 2 side Amiens SC after being released from Grenoble.

</doc>
<doc id="21413687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413687" title="Greathead">
Greathead

Greathead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21413690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413690" title="Sister James">
Sister James

Sister James can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21413706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413706" title="Buyer's premium">
Buyer's premium

In auctions, the buyer's premium is a percentage additional charge on the hammer price (winning bid at auction) of the lot that must be paid by the winner. It is charged by the auctioneer to cover administrative expenses. The buyer's premium goes directly to the auction house and not to the seller.
Major auction houses have made this charge for some time, particularly in the fine arts sector, with premiums in the region of 10%-25%. In the real estate sector in many European countries, the premium, if charged at all, is much less (2%-2.5%). However, more recently, in the UK foreclosure properties have been offered without fee to the seller, but with a substantial buyer's premium of 10%.
The buyer's premium is considered to be either a necessary contribution to the costs of the administrative process or an unreasonable extra charge by the auction community. Auction houses may now market themselves as "not charging a premium" to gain favor with customers. Regardless, such premiums are now commonplace and continue to grow. 
The amount of the buyer's premium will normally be stated in the auction house terms and conditions or, in the case of UK properties, it would be listed in the RICS (Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors) "Common Auction Conditions" or in the special conditions for the lot.
In Europe, the buyer's premium will also be subject to VAT (value added tax), while in the United States, some states require the premium to be included in the sales tax base.
History.
The buyer's premium was a feature in Roman auctions during the reign of Augustus, when buyers were required to pay a two percent tax on purchases. The modern buyer's premium was introduced at 10% in 1975 by Christie's and Sotheby's in London in September 1975.
Fees varied widely. Christie's charged 14% in the Netherlands and Belgium. Sotheby's charged 16% in Switzerland (10% to foreigners), 11% in Monaco and 16 in the Netherlands. There was no fee at Christie's sales in Australia and Sotheby Parke Bernet auctions in South Africa. Christie's also charged no fees to buyers at its South Kensington house in London and at Edmiston in Glasgow. Christie's introduced a 10% fee to buyers in the United States when it opened at Park Avenue and 59th Street in May 1977. Sotheby's followed in January 1979.
Beginning on 1 January 1993, Sotheby's charged buyers 15% on goods sold for $100,000 or less. Amounts above that were charged at 10%. Christie's introduced the same price regime on 1 March 1993.
On 24 January 2003, Christie's raised commissions charged to buyers in New York, London and Geneva to 12% on amounts above $100,000, effective 1 March 2003. The premium charged to buyers on the first $100,000 was held at 19.5 percent. Sotheby's had raised its premium for sales above $100,000 to 12% two weeks earlier, and increased its commission on the first $100,000 to 20% from 19.5%. In London that meant 20% on the first £70,000 and 12% on any amount above that.
Christie's announced on 15 February 2013 that it would raise buyer's premium effective 11 March 2013. The new premiums were 25% for the first $75,000; 20% on the next $75,001 to $1.5 million and 12% on the rest. Sotheby's followed suit on 28 February, announcing raised premiums effective 15 March 2013. Buyer's in London, New York and France are charged 25% on the first $100,000 (£50,000; €30,000); 20% from $100,000 up to and including $2 million (£50,000 to £1,000,000; €30,000 to €1,200,000) and 12% on the remainder.
Christie's later announced an amendment to their premium increase effective 30 September 2013. This amendment applied 25% premium up to $100,000; 20% to the amount $100,001 to $2,000,000 and 12.0% to the remainder.

</doc>
<doc id="21413718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413718" title="Michael Habryka">
Michael Habryka

Michael Habryka (born 6 April 1982) is a German footballer who plays for OSV Hannover. He also holds Slovakian citizenship. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with VfL Wolfsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21413724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413724" title="1993 Northern Iowa Panthers football team">
1993 Northern Iowa Panthers football team

The 1993 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the college football season of the 1993 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Panthers offense scored 350 points while the defense allowed 238 points. Quarterback Kurt Warner was in his senior season with the Panthers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413729" title="1984 (Yusef Lateef album)">
1984 (Yusef Lateef album)

1984 is a 1965 album by Yusef Lateef. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413741" title="David Wallace (The Office)">
David Wallace (The Office)

David Wallace is a recurring fictional character in the American comedy series "The Office", portrayed by Andy Buckley. Wallace is introduced in the second season as the new chief financial officer of Dunder Mifflin. Wallace is named after the late David Foster Wallace, the favorite author of John Krasinski. His character is established as a wealthier executive at the corporate headquarters in New York with an opulent home and wife, Rachel, and son. Despite his differing lifestyle from the members of the Scranton branch, David tolerates and understands the eccentricities and flaws of Regional Manager Michael Scott, and appreciates employees Jim Halpert and Toby Flenderson. He is let go in the sixth season following the absorption of Dunder Mifflin by Sabre, but later acquires Dunder Mifflin outright for $20 million and becomes CEO in the eighth season finale, "Free Family Portrait Studio".
Character history.
Seasons 2-3.
David is introduced in "Valentine's Day" during a meeting to discuss the financial standings of the branches. Craig, Regional Manager at the Albany branch, exposes the fact that Michael and Jan Levenson, Vice President of Sales, were previously intimate after failing to meet expectations. This prompts Michael to formally apologize and explain the boundaries of his relationship with Jan as purely professional. 
In the third season episode "Cocktails", David hosts a cocktail party that Jan and Michael attend, which David later leaves to play basketball outside with employee Jim Halpert. He invites Michael to interview for a corporate position in the same season episode, "Beach Games". However, it is revealed in "The Job" that the interview is to appoint someone to replace Jan, who discovers this fact and angrily confronts Wallace. Security escorts Jan out of the building, interrupting Michael's failing interview, allowing Michael to save face and explain that he will be rescinding his vie for the position out of respect for Jan, who he is romantically involved with. He instead appoints Ryan Howard, who has an MBA, to the position instead.
Seasons 4-5.
In the fourth season episode "The Deposition", a deposition is held when Jan sues Dunder Mifflin for firing her under wrongful termination. David's testimony reveals that Michael is appreciated but was not a serious contender for Jan's replacement. This hurts but mollifies Michael, and prompts him to side with Dunder Mifflin in the lawsuit. David sincerely apologizes to Michael following the end of the deposition.
In the fifth season episode "Crime Aid", David uncovers the relationship between Michael and Scranton's new HR representative Holly Flax (Amy Ryan) and transfers her back to New Hampshire. To appease Michael following his loss, he sends Michael on a business trip to Winnipeg, Manitoba, but just as the trip ends Michael scolds David for sending her away anyway. He later meets Michael to evaluate the success of the Scranton branch and how it can be applied to the rest of Dunder Mifflin during the 2008 economic crisis, only for Michael's personality to render him unable to provide anything of use. However, he enlists Michael in scouting out a Dunder Mifflin competitor called Prince Family Paper, to which Michael and Dwight discreetly carry out, acquiring information on their clients, finances, and more. In "Golden Ticket", Michael uses the golden ticket concept from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory to discount random clients 10% on their paper, only for all of them to end up with Blue Cross, one of their major clients. This discount creates a major financial hit for the branch, angering David, who comes down to the branch. However, David is informed that Blue Cross is going exclusively with the company, and compliments Dwight, who Michael has assigned to take the fall for the promotion. 
Since Ryan's dismissal in the fourth season finale, David has hired Charles Miner to replace him in "New Boss". However, Charles has a stricter management style that angers Michael into calling David. Ultimately Michael travels to New York to confront David with the fact that his years of service and loyalty to the company supersedes the treatment David and Charles have been giving him, but David's appeasements to Michael do not satisfy him and he resigns. Michael then founds the Michael Scott Paper Company, and begins to take clients from Dunder Mifflin, which drives Wallace and Miner to try to buy out the company. David initially offers twelve thousand, then sixty, before he concedes to Michael, who wants to be rehired alongside Pam and Ryan with benefits. David and Charles are later seen at a company picnic, David expressing anger when Michael accidentally discloses the closing of the Buffalo branch as part of their sketch comedy show.
Seasons 6-8.
In the sixth season episode "The Meeting", David meets with Jim, who is interested in advancing in position at the company. Michael's over-protectiveness of the status quo in Scranton leads David to not consider Jim to take over the branch, but instead share the managerial position with Michael. Michael handles "big-picture" decisions, while Jim "day-to-day", which comes to a head when the decision over how raises will be dispersed among the employees in "The Promotion". 
David later informs the company that bankruptcy rumors highlighted in the "Wall Street Journal" are "conjecture", but privately informs Jim of the impending insolvency of the company in 'Murder." He handles an Employee of the Month issue at the Scranton branch following Dwight's sabotage of the program in "Scott's Tots", initially enraged at Jim but realizing he is merely venting because of the company's precarious situation. The financial situation of Dunder Mifflin is resolved in "Secret Santa" when David calls Michael and announces that the company has a potential buyer, even though he himself would be let go. This buyer is revealed in the episode "Sabre", the titular episode of the company who has acquired Dunder Mifflin. David is shown to be an unfocused reduction of his formerly employed self when Michael meets him to discuss Michael's displeasure of Sabre's policies. Instead of searching for work, David labors on a device to pick up children's clutter called Suck It. Michael is clearly disturbed by David's new lifestyle and leaves.
In "Whistleblower", David, one of the five whistleblowers in the story, reveals to the documentary crew that he helped spread the story of the Sabre printer fires after several old clients complained to him. He is shown wearing a "Suck It" hooded sweatshirt; when he tries to do his spiel for Suck It, the documentary crew abruptly cuts him off mid-sentence. In the seventh season, Michael leaves Dunder Mifflin and, in a deleted scene, engages in a webcam conversation with Wallace to say goodbye. When Michael informs him he is leaving for Colorado to be with Holly, Wallace initially assumes Michael was fired, as Wallace had been, and that Michael was simply making a face-saving statement. When Michael insists this is the truth, Wallace expresses shock that Michael would willingly leave a job in the current economic climate. Wallace's remarks make Michael uncomfortable, and he cuts off the conversation. In the eighth season, Andy Bernard becomes Scranton's new regional manager and later that season is fired from Dunder Mifflin. David tells Andy that he sold his invention "Suck it" for $20 million to the US Military, and Andy convinces him to buy out Dunder Mifflin. David becomes the chief executive officer of Dunder Mifflin and reinstates Andy as Scranton's regional manager.
Reception.
Upon his return in season eight, many reviews were extremely happy. A review from TV Equals noted that "I’m not totally convinced that David Wallace’s story is as simple as the one he tells, but maybe that’s just because I’d love any excuse for him to work his way back into the story lines for "The Office"." Michael Tedder from "Vulture" called Wallace "always-welcome".

</doc>
<doc id="21413742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413742" title="Graphic Sexual Horror">
Graphic Sexual Horror

Graphic Sexual Horror is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Anna Lorentzon and Barbara Bell in their directorial debut. The film is a documentary about Insex, a bondage website.
"Graphic Sexual Horror" premiered to programmer, critic and audience acclaim at Slamdance Film Festival in January 2009 and has been selected by IMDB's Arno Kazarian as the only Slamdance 2009's film to review in the Sundance festival's selection.
The film won Best Documentary at the 2009 CineKink Film Festival, Official Selection at the 2009 Calgary Underground Film Festival, Official Selection at the HotDocs Film Festival, Official Selection at the 2009 Buenos Aires Film Festival, Official Selection at the 2009 Fantasia International Film Festival in Montreal and Official Selection at the 2009 Athens International Film Festival in Greece].
Synapse Films announced the August 2010 release of the Special Edition DVD of "Graphic Sexual Horror" on June 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21413747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413747" title="Bill Feldman">
Bill Feldman

William Patrick "Bill" Feldman (born 22 February 1958) is a former Australian politician. He was a police officer before entering politics, having attained the rank of sergeant in 1994. On 7 May 1978 he had married Gail, with whom he has two children, Dannielle and Luke. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Caboolture. He was the parliamentary leader until December 1999, when he led his remaining colleagues out of One Nation to form the City Country Alliance, of which he became leader. His seat was abolished in 2001 and he contested its replacement, Pumicestone, but was defeated by Labor's Carryn Sullivan, whose husband Jon Sullivan Feldman had defeated in Caboolture in 1998. Feldman has not returned to politics.
Feldman's son Luke Feldman is a professional cricketer, playing for the Queensland Bulls, Hobart Hurricanes and Sydney Sixers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413757" title="Always (Aysel and Arash song)">
Always (Aysel and Arash song)

"Always" is a song by Azerbaijani singer Aysel Teymurzadeh (performing as AySel) and Swedish-Iranian singersongwriter Arash. It was the Azerbaijani entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The song was selected by Ictimai TV (İTV), the Azerbaijani broadcaster, among the 30 songs submitted to the broadcaster in an open call. The song was composed by a group of songwriters including Arash.
The video clip for the song was directed by Swedish director Fredrik Boklund and premiered on Ictimai TV on 24 April 2009. Boklund described the video as "visual rendition of the performers' emotions and feelings." It notably featured tar, a traditional Azeri musical instrument. Likewise the instrument briefly appeared on stage in Arash's hands during the live performance of "Always" at Eurovision.
AySel & Arash performed 12th in the second Eurovision semi-final on 14 May, following Hungary's Zoli Ádok with "Dance with Me" and preceding Greece's Sakis Rouvas with "This Is Our Night". The duo received 180 points, placing second behind Norway's Alexander Rybak, and proceeding to the final.
At the final the duo performed 11th in the draw, following Russia's Anastasiya Prikhodko with "Mamo" and preceding Bosnia and Herzegovina's Regina with "Bistra voda". They received 207 points, placing 3rd behind Norway's Alexander Rybak and Iceland's Yohanna. 
"Always" is Azerbaijan's first top 3 placing. 
By July 21st 2013, the preview videoclip for "Always" had been played on YouTube over 18 million times.
In January 2010, Tophit.ru reported that "Always" had become the second most selling ringtone in Ukraine and Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="21413775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413775" title="Mike Milosevich">
Mike Milosevich

Michael Milosevich (January 13, 1915 – February 3, 1966) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball player who played from 1944 to 1945 for the New York Yankees. Listed at 5' 10", 172 lb., he batted and threw right-handed. 

</doc>
<doc id="21413784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413784" title="Vasily Kosoy">
Vasily Kosoy

Vasiliy Kosoy (1421–1448) had been Grand Prince of Moscow in 1434–35.
Life.
Vasily Kosoy was the son of Yury Dmitrievich and Anastasia of Smolensk. His grandfather was Dmitry Donskoy who settled the issue of crown inheritance by passing a law according to which his oldest son Vasily I will become Grand Prince after his death and the second in line will be Donskoy's younger son Yury Dmitrievich. After coming to power Kosoy uncle Vasily I changed these laws so that his sons became crown heirs and not Kosoy's father. This decision resulted in two civil wars between the older and younger Dmitry Donskoy line.
In the beginning Yury Dmitrievich accepted the rule of Vasily II's regency, but when the ruler became of age in 1433 he started a rebellion. Yury Dmitrievich defeated the forces of Vasily II and proclaimed himself Grand Prince of Moscow. Shortly after this victory he died in 1434 and Vasily Kosoy became Grand Prince. This change of leadership resulted in the revolt of Dmitry Shemyaka who refused to accept his brother's rule. Shemyaka united his forces with Vasily II and defeated Vasily Kosoy who escaped Moscow in 1435. The decisive battle of this civil war was fought in 1435 near the village of Skorjatin in the Rostov province where Kosoy was defeated, imprisoned and shortly afterwards blinded.

</doc>
<doc id="21413807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413807" title="Matthias Müller (footballer)">
Matthias Müller (footballer)

Matthias Müller (born October 18, 1954) is a retired German footballer. Müller began his career with his hometown club, Dynamo Dresden, where he established himself in the first-team, playing at full-back as the team won three East German titles and one cup. Müller represented East Germany at most levels of youth football, and won four caps for the senior team in 1980. He was also part of the squad that won the silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
In January 1981, prior to a national team tour of South America, Müller and Dresden teammates Peter Kotte and Gerd Weber were arrested at Berlin-Schönefeld Airport by the Stasi for plotting to escape to the west. Weber was given a prison sentence, but Kotte and Müller were released, but banned from playing at the top level of East German football.
Müller played out the rest of the 1980s with a succession of lower league clubs. After reunification he had a brief stint with Tennis Borussia Berlin, before retiring. He now works as a coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21413819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413819" title="Harry Black (politician)">
Harry Black (politician)

Alfred Harold "Harry" Black (born 6 April 1947) is a former Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was a small business operator before entering politics. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Whitsunday, representing Pauline Hanson's One Nation. He remained in the party until December 1999, when the remaining state MPs formed the City Country Alliance under Bill Feldman's leadership. Black was the Alliance's spokesman for Employment, Training and Industrial Relations, Mines and Energy, Tourism, Sport and Racing. He was defeated in 2001 by Labor's Jan Jarratt.

</doc>
<doc id="21413828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413828" title="Hallgerður Gísladóttir">
Hallgerður Gísladóttir

Hallgerður Gísladóttir (28 September 1952 – 1 February 2007) was an Icelandic ethnologist and poet. Her specialty was Icelandic food traditions and gastronomy, and Icelandic man-made caves.
Early life and education.
Gísladóttir was born in Norðfjörður, East Iceland. She studied anthropology and history at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg 1974-75. She earned a B.A. in history from the University of Iceland in 1981 and cand. mag. 1991. Her speciality was Icelandic food traditions and gastronomy.
Career.
Hallgerður worked at the Department of Ethnology in the National Museum of Iceland, became its Head of Department in 1995 and later the Ethnological Collections Manager. In 1999 she published a book, "Icelandic Food Heritage" ("Íslensk matarhefð"), for which she received scholarly prizes and was also nominated for the Icelandic Literature Prize. On Icelandic man-made caves, she was a co-author of a book, "Artificial Caves in Iceland" ("Manngerðir hellar á Íslandi"), published in 1991.
Hallgerður made a series of television programs for Icelandic TV, both on traditional Icelandic food and cooking methods, and on Icelandic Christmas traditions, along with countless programs for Icelandic radio on related subjects. For many years, Hallgerður taught courses on traditional food and cooking in the history and folklore departments of the University of Iceland, presented papers and lectures in Iceland and other countries and published many articles on her subject in both Icelandic and foreign journals.
Hallgerður was a poet and her book of poetry, "Into the Light" ("Í ljós"), was published in 2004. She also published single poems in various Icelandic journals. Several were translated and published in the German literary magazine "Die Horen" in 2006.
Hallgerður was the chairman of The Union of Icelandic Studies (FÍFK) 1999-2001 and the chairman of The Union of Museum Licentiates (FÍSOS) for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="21413830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413830" title="1933 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1933 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1933 Philadelphia Eagles season was their inaugural in the league. The team went 3–5–1, failing to qualify for the playoffs.
Off-season.
When Pennsylvania eased some of the Blue laws and allowed Sunday sporting events, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh became available for NFL franchises as they could play home games on Sundays. The Frankford Yellow Jackets played their games on Saturday mostly when at home.
During the off-season, Bert Bell and Lud Wray were granted an expansion franchise in the NFL for the rights to Philadelphia. The previous team, Frankford Yellow Jackets were inactive for two years so their rights were pulled by the NFL. They joined the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds, for a $2500 entrance fee. The Eagles got their name from the New Deal's program called the NRA, and the symbol of the eagle that they had.
The Eagles' original colors were a light blue and yellow.
The Eagles held their training camp in the New Jersey resort city of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The Eagles scheduled their games to be played in Baker Bowl. The stadium was near a transportation hub in Philadelphia. A train tunnel was under the stadium's baseball outfield.
A train station was across the street from Baker Bowl.
They would remain playing there for three years before moving games to the newer Philadelphia Municipal Stadium in the south Philadelphia area. The Eagles were 4–12–1, with one game canceled on account of bad weather, in the three years playing their home games at Baker Bowl.
Standings.
Standing were based on winning percentage between only games won or lost. Ties had no bearing in standings. Example: At the end of the 1932 season, the Chicago Bears with 6–1–6 with a .857 winning pct, played the Portsmouth Spartans with 6–1–4 .857 in a playoff game, instead of Green Bay Packers that finished the season at 10–3–1 .769.
Playoffs.
Before the 1933 season, new Boston Redskins owner George Preston Marshall suggested the league have a championship game yearly. The year before, the Chicago Bears played the Portsmouth Spartans in an extra game to break the tie between them at season's end. They both had 6 wins.
The 3–5–1 Eagles failed to make it to the 1933 NFL Playoffs. It was only between two teams: the winner of the Eastern Division, New York Giants, and the Western Division. Chicago Bears.
Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
Being an expansion team, the Eagles were mostly stocked with rookies and cast-offs.
This was before the NFL Draft was started. The college draft was an idea of Bert Bell.
A list of the 1933 Philadelphia Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="21413840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413840" title="1989 Northern Iowa Panthers football team">
1989 Northern Iowa Panthers football team

The 1989 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the college football season of the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Panthers offense scored 302 points while the defense allowed 211 points.

</doc>
<doc id="21413846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413846" title="Charles F. McKenna">
Charles F. McKenna

Charles Francis McKenna (October 1, 1844 – December 3, 1922) was a United States District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico.
Early life.
McKenna was born on October 1, 1844, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of James McKenna (1800 – 1846) and Ann Mullen McKenna (1801 – 1884). His father died before Charles was one year old. Charles had four brothers, James, Edward M., Patrick A, and Bernard, and one sister, Catherine.
Military career.
Charles enlisted in the Union Army in July 1862 at the age of 18. He joined Company E 155th Regiment, Pennsylvania Volunteers and participated in the Civil War battles of Antietam, Fredricksburg, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Cold Harbor, Petersburg and Appomattox.
During long period of inactivity, usually in winter camp, he studied under Sergeant George P. Fulton who subsequently became principal of Highland Schools in Pennsylvania.
Post War Career.
After the war Charles was admitted to the bar and practiced for several years with James I. Kuhn. In 1872 he married Virginia White.
Charles F. McKenna was a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico from 1904 to 1906. He was appointed to that office by President Theodore Roosevelt.
He returned to Pittsburgh 2 1/2 years later and practiced law with his nephews, E.J. and J. Frank McKenna. He later became one of the first judges of the County Court of Allegheny County. He was active in Veterans' affairs and edited a volume on the Civil War entitled, "Under the Maltese Cross."
He died on December 3, 1922, in Pittsburgh.
References.
Guillermo A. Baralt, "History of the Federal Court in Puerto Rico: 1899-1999" (2004) (also published in Spanish as "Historia del Tribunal Federal de Puerto Rico")
Internal McKenna Family genealogical document written in 1973 by J. Frank McKenna Jr. (1908-1995)

</doc>
<doc id="21413857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413857" title="Perricone">
Perricone

Perricone (also known as Pignatello) is a red Italian wine grape variety that is grown in Sicily. In the late 20th century there was around 1000 hectares/2,500 acres of the grape planted throughout the island. According to wine expert Oz Clarke in Sicily Perricone is used to make full bodied, deeply colored, highly alcoholic wines.
DOC wines.
In Sicily, Perricone is a permitted variety in the Contea di Sclafani DOC which includes vineyards in the Caltanissetta and Agrigento provinces. Here Perricone can be made as a varietal wine provided it represents at least 85% of the wine's total content or it can be used in the DOC red wine where together with Nero d'Avola it must represent at least 50% of the blend with local varieties, such as Nerello Mascalese, Calabrese and Sangiovese as well as international varieties like Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and Pinot noir permitted to fill in the remainder of the blend. Perricone destined for Contea di Sclafani DOC wines must be harvested to a yield no greater than 14 tonnes/hectare with the finished wine attaining an alcohol level of at least 11%.
Similar laws governs Perricone's use in the Delia Nivolelli DOC located in the province of Trapani near Marsala where the grape can be made either as a varietal or blended with Nero d'Avola, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah and Sangiovese. Grapes destined for this DOC wine have a maximum harvest yield of 14 tonnes/ha with a minimum alcohol level of the finished wine being 11.5%. A separate "riserva" wine can be made with Perricone provided the wine is aged a minimum of two years prior to release.
In the Eloro DOC, Perricone is known as "Pignatello" and produced as varietal wine when comprising at least 80% of the wine. It is also used in the DOC red and rosé along with Nero d'Avola and Frappato together making up at least 90% of the blend. Perricone destined for these DOC wines must be harvested to a yield no greater than 12 tonnes/ha with the finished red wines attaining a minimum alcohol level of 12% and the finished rosés having an alcohol level of at least 11.5%.
In fortified dessert wine Marsala Perricone is the main component in the "Rubino" style where it is blended with Calabrese, Nero d'Avola and/or Nerello Mascalese and a maximum of 30% white grape varieties such as Grillo, Inzolia, and Catarratto.
In the Monreale DOC Perricone can be made a varietal (at least 85% of the wine) or blended with Calabrese and Nero d'Avola to make up at least 50% of the DOC red wine with International varieties, including Pinot noir permitted to make up the remainder. Perricone intended for the DOC wines are limited to yields of 11 tonnes/ha with the finished wines having a minimum alcohol level of 11%.
Synonyms.
Over the years Perricone has been known under a variety of synonyms including Cattarato rouge, Guarnaccia Nera, Nieddara, Niuru, Perricone Nera, Perricone Nero, Perricone noir, Picnatelo, Pignateddu, Pignatelle, Pignatello, Pirricone nera, Quarnaccia and Tuccarino di Catania.

</doc>
<doc id="21413876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413876" title="William H. Holt">
William H. Holt

William H. Holt (November 29, 1842 – March 6, 1919) was the first judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico, as established by the Foraker Act of 1900. Holt was appointed to this position by President William McKinley, and served a single four-year term from 1900 to 1904.
Biography.
Holt was born on November 29, 1842, in Bath County, Kentucky. He was educated in the common schools of Kentucky and later at the Twinsburg Institute in Ohio and the Fort Edward Institute in New York. He graduated, summa cum laude, in 1862, from Albany Law School. He was admitted to the Kentucky bar in 1863 and began practicing law in Mt. Sterling, Kentucky. During this time period he campaigned against slavery and in favor of the Fourteenth Amendment. In 1884, Holt was elected Associate Justice of the Kentucky Supreme Court serving as Chief Justice from 1890 to 1892.
District Court service.
In 1900, President McKinley offered Holt the office of United States District Judge for the newly created United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico, although Holt had not solicited for the job. He accepted the appointment on June 5, 1900, and moved to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Holt oversaw the transition, both from a Spanish Legal System to an American Legal System and from a Military Justice System to a Civilian Justice System. He established local rules for the court. He served on the court until the expiration of his term in mid 1904.
Later life.
After the expiration of his term, Holt returned to Kentucky, living in Pewee Valley. He resumed the practice of law, which he continued until his death on March 6, 1919.
References.
Guillermo A. Baralt, "History of the Federal Court in Puerto Rico: 1899-1999" (2004) (also published in Spanish as "Historia del Tribunal Federal de Puerto Rico")

</doc>
<doc id="21413887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413887" title="David Dalgleish">
David Dalgleish

David Bruce Dalgleish (born 13 October 1962) is a former Australian politician. Born in Epping, he was a licensed motor mechanic, welder and LPG fitter before entering politics, and owned a transport business. In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as a member of Pauline Hanson's One Nation, representing the seat of Hervey Bay. He remained in the party until December 1999, when he and the other remaining One Nation MPs formed the City Country Alliance under the leadership of Bill Feldman. He was the Alliance spokesman for Emergency Services, Transport and Main Roads, Housing and Public Works. In 2001, he was defeated by Andrew McNamara of the Labor Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21413889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413889" title="Ross Moschitto">
Ross Moschitto

Rosaire Allen "Ross" Moschitto (born February 15, 1945 in Fresno, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Moschitto played for the New York Yankees in and . He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was signed by the Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1964. Moschitto is only one of seven players to have more career game appearances than plate appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="21413890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413890" title="Taigen Sōshin">
Taigen Sōshin

Taigen Sōshin (太源宗真, died 1370) was a Sōtō Zen monk. He received dharma transmission from Gasan Jōseki and is considered a patriarch by the Sōtō school.

</doc>
<doc id="21413918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413918" title="Sir Jonathan North Community College">
Sir Jonathan North Community College

Sir Jonathan North Community College is an all-girls school in Leicester, United Kingdom for girls between the ages of 11-16 and was founded in 1904 by Rev. David Field, a wealthy land owner from Wigston. The school was awarded Specialist school status for visual arts (in 2001), science and mathematics (in 2005), and vocational learning (in 2006). There are around 100 teachers at the school.
Divisions.
There are four main blocks at the college; there is the Wycliffe block, where maths, ICT and modern foreign languages are held, the Macaulay block where English and Humanities are held, the Latimer block where Science classes are held and the De Monfort block where Expressive Arts and Art classes are held. There are also several mobiles and the tennis center which is shared with The Lancaster School. The school is currently expanding and construction will be completed in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21413919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413919" title="Cooper Middle School">
Cooper Middle School

Cooper Middle School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21413927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413927" title="Charles Claude Husson">
Charles Claude Husson

Charles Claude Husson - (b. 1847) in Mirecourt (Vosges) (d.1915) was an influential French Archetier / bow maker.
Charles Claude HUSSON was the son of Charles Claude Nicolas HUSSON, a bowmaker/ Archetier. 
He served his apprenticeship under his father, almost at the same time as Joseph Arthur Vigneron. 
In 1873, he entered Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume's workshop and stayed with him until Vuillaume's death in 1875. 
According to experts, in 1875 he joined François Nicolas Voirin for some time and, around 1878, started working for GAND & BERNARDEL Frères.
Around 1880 Husson established his own workshop in Paris at 14, rue du Faubourg Saint Denis.

</doc>
<doc id="21413944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413944" title="David Chávez">
David Chávez

David Chávez, Jr. (November 12, 1897 in Albuquerque, NM - November 3, 1984 in Las Vegas, New Mexico) was a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. A native of New Mexico, Chávez served as mayor of Santa Fe from 1934 to 1936, and later served as a judge for the District Court of New Mexico, serving until his resignation for U.S. Army service in World War II and returning to the bench after the war. He was appointed to the judgeship of the Puerto Rico District by President Harry S. Truman, and served from 1947 to 1950. He was the brother of United States Senator Dennis Chávez.

</doc>
<doc id="21413959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413959" title="Zack Novak">
Zack Novak

Zachariah Joseph "Zack" Novak (born May 27, 1990) is an American professional basketball player.
Novak played college basketball for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team, from 2008 till 2012. In the summer of 2012, Novak became a professional player by signing with Landstede Basketbal in the Netherlands. In his season with the club from Zwolle, Novak was named a member of the All-DBL Team and was chosen as DBL All-Star, while averaging 17.8 points during the regular season. After his first season overseas Novak retired.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="21413967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413967" title="Nochelaspis">
Nochelaspis

Nochelaspis is an extinct genus of Galeaspida.

</doc>
<doc id="21413986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413986" title="Tumpeng">
Tumpeng

Tumpeng is a cone-shaped rice dish like mountain with its side dishes (vegetables and meat). Traditionally featured in the "slamatan" ceremony, the cone shape of rice is made by using cone-shaped weaved bamboo container. The rice itself could be plain steam rice, uduk rice (cooked with coconut milk), or yellow rice (uduk rice colored with "kunyit" (turmeric)).
The cone shaped rice erected on "tampah" (rounded woven bamboo container) covered with banana leaf, and surrounded by assorted of Indonesian dishes. In 2013, Indonesian Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy promoted tumpeng as one among 30 Indonesian culinary icons.
History and tradition.
People in Java, Bali and Madura usually make Tumpeng to celebrate important event. However, all Indonesians are familiar with Tumpeng. The philosophy of Tumpeng is related to the geographical condition of Indonesia, especially Java as fertile island with numerous mountains and volcanos. Tumpeng dated back to ancient Indonesian tradition that revered mountains as the abode of ancestors and gods. The cone-shaped rice meant to mimics the holy mountain. The feast served as somekind of thanks giving for the abundance of harvest or any other blessings.
Tumpeng is a symbol of gratitude, in gratitude ceremony ("syukuran" or "slametan"), after the people pray, the top of tumpeng is cut and delivered to the most important person. He or she may be the group leader, the oldest person, or the beloved one. Then, all people in the ceremony enjoy the tumpeng together. With tumpeng, people express the gratitude to God and appreciate togetherness and harmony. An annual ceremony involving tumpeng is commonly called 'tumpengan'.
In modern time, the top of the tumpeng is given to an honored guest in social events, ceremonies or awards. Many Indonesian cities, such as Yogyakarta, a tradition has been developed, the tumpengan ceremony a night before 17 August, the Indonesian independence day. The event is meant to pray for safety and welfare of the nation.
Surrounding dishes.
The cone shaped rice surrounded by assorted of Indonesian dishes, such as "urap" vegetables, fried chicken, "empal gepuk" (sweet and spicy fried beef), "abon sapi" (beef floss), "semur" (beef stew in sweet soy sauce), "teri kacang" (anchovy with peanuts), fried prawn, "telur pindang" (boiled marble egg), shredded omelette, "tempe orek" (sweet and dry fried tempeh), "perkedel kentang" (mashed potato fritters), "perkedel jagung" (corn fritters), "sambal goreng ati" (liver in chilli sauce), and many other things.
Today the dishes which accompany tumpeng can be of the host discretion, it can be vegetarian, to barbecued seafood. Traditionally there should be a balance between vegetables, meat, seafood. The composition of a traditional Javanese tumpeng is more complex because the elements must balance one another according to the Javanese belief.
Variations.
There are several variants of tumpeng, differentiated according to the ceremonies.
Contemporary tradition.
Because of its festivities and celebrative value, up until now tumpeng sometimes used as Indonesian counterpart of birthday cake.
In 2009 Garuda Indonesia started offering "Mini Nasi Tumpeng Nusantara" as part of its new concept to highlight Indonesia's hospitality.
The building of Suharto's Purna Bhakti Pertiwi Museum in Taman Mini Indonesia Indah Jakarta, took shape of tumpeng.

</doc>
<doc id="21413988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413988" title="Lego Battles">
Lego Battles

LEGO Battles is a video game developed by Hellbent Games and co-published by TT Games. It was released on June 9, 2009 for the Nintendo DS. There are a total of three different stories in the game, each with the option of playing as the protagonists or the antagonists. There are 6 different quests (one for the protagonists and one for the antagonists of each story), with 15 different levels in each quest. Quests are divided into three acts, each act ranging in length of 4-6 levels. It is similar to Starcraft in that it has buildings, builders, fighters, machines (Specials) and Resources.
Plot.
The wars are:
The Kingdom; led by the King & Queen, (who want to destroy the Wizard) VS the Skeleton Army; led by the Wizard (who wants to reclaim the Magic Crystal, part of his magical staff, to resurrect his lost love, the Sorceress). The King forms an alliance with the Dwarves led by the Dwarf King, and the Wizard forms an alliance with the Trolls led by the Troll King.
Pirates; led by Captain Brickbeard (the Pirate Captain), who want to find a hidden treasure, VS the Imperial Navy led by Governor Broadside & his daughter, Camilla, who want to defeat Captain Brickbeard and his pirate crew. The Pirates form an alliance with their Islander friends, led by King Kahuka, and the Imperial Navy form an alliance with the Ninjas, led by the Ninja Master.
Humans; led by Gemma & Biff (who want to conquer Mars & obtain green & purple crystals by any means necessary) VS the Aliens; led by the Alien Commander & the Alien Queen (who just want to repair their Mothership so they can go home). The humans form an alliance with the Space Police, led by the gruff Space Police Captain, and the Aliens form an alliance with the Space Criminals, led by Plisken, the Space Criminal Leader (who looks exactly like Kranxx from the Space Police 3 toyline. This is because Plisken was the original name for Kranxx.)
The King's story.
Act 1
An aide very patiently attempts to explain the fact that the Wizard's forces are about to surround the castle to the King using a map. After mistaking the board for a game of checkers, the King realizes the seriousness of the situation. The scene cuts to the Wizard's army marching and trying to enter. Another guardsman tries to stop them by putting down a barrier, but it didn't work.
Act 2
The guardsman who was with the King earlier is now attempting to create an alliance with the Dwarfs. After getting a complete lack of response after showing that the rampaging army could destroy the mine and even the kingdom, he bribes them with jewels and gold. Suddenly, the Dwarf King and some soldiers come and stare at the bag of gold.
Act 3
The lead knight prepares his men to battle the Wizard's army. One of the guardsmen has decided to dress in the style of William Wallace, which he almost immediately regrets after the rest of the knights stare at him. But the men cheer instead and the guardsman's embarrassment is gone. As they lead off to start the battle, the knight falls off his horse and does a back flip.
End
The Wizard has been vanquished, and the kingdom is safe and blown up. In a nod to , A builder and a guardsman are being congratulated for their duty in the war, accompanied by the Dwarf King and another dwarf soldier in a large cloak (The Dwarf King is on a soldier's shoulders, who is under the cloak to make him look taller). Then a dwarf in a bucket appears and the Dwarf King's cloak opens revealing the soldier underneath, making everyone laugh.
The Wizard's story.
Act 1
The Wizard is sorting his work space around, and he knocks a picture of the Sorceress off the table. He manages to catch it before it hits the floor. He is then visited by a skeleton carrying a large box. When the wizard opens the box up, he pulls out a large staff, but notices that the end is missing. Using his crystal ball, he locates the broken end of the staff.
Act 2
The Wizard is hiring trolls for his army. The judges are two skeletons and the Troll King. The first giant troll gets a 7, 5.3 and a 6. The skeletons give him the thumbs down. The next giant troll's roar blows one of the skeleton judge's head off. This one gets two tens and a confused face.
Act 3
The black knight skeleton rides atop a dragon circling the king's castle. He lands next to the Wizard's army and orders an attack. They all shout battle cries, and during the cries the giant troll accidentally knocks a skeleton warrior's head off. The skeleton puts it back on, and they charge into battle.
End 
The Wizard looks at the picture of his wife again and wipes a tear out of his red glass eye. He reconnects the wand ends together. He conjures up a giant troll, then a dwarf, then a forestman, then a monkey, then several others you can't see, then a space builder, then an alien builder, then Captain Brickbeard (who nearly pounces on the Wizard), and after all that, the Wizard finally manages to change it to his love, the Sorceress. They end the scene with a hug.
Captain Brickbeard's story.
Act 1
Many years ago three men buried a treasure on a remote desert island. They all struggle over the treasure map and rip it in three. This tale is told to Captain Brickbeard by a drunken seafarer. Brickbeard orders him another drink. As he drinks Brickbeard switches the treasure map the seafarer is holding with a nearby crab and runs off. The seafarer looks at the crab and faints.
Act 2 
A pirate with a striped shirt and a pirate with an oar take a small rowboat away from the main ship to an island, and they cross a rope bridge to find King Kahuka and his tribe. The one with the striped shirt and one of the islanders seem to know each other. The pirate with the striped shirt shows the islander the map piece. The islander points to the emblem on the map and shows them the island they are on. The pirate with the oar turns around and his oar and knocks the striped shirt pirate down. 
Act 3
The lookout (a pirate with a green bandana on his head) spots the Imperial Navy approaching and shouts out. The pirates below are all asleep though. He throws a crab at the one with the striped shirt. The one with the oar spots the enemies' sails in the distance, and a stern look comes across his face. 
End
The striped shirt one and the one with the oar row aboard with a chest full to the brim with gold! Captain Brickbeard sits in his cabin counting his gold looking awfully bored. Then a female pirate comes in and swipes all the gold off the table and produces another treasure map. A smile spreads across Brickbeard's face, because there is another adventure.
Governor Broadside's story.
Act 1
Two members of the Imperial Navy are mucking about with Governor Broadside's telescope. The captain comes along and takes it from them. He returns the telescope to Broadside who spots Captain Brickbeard making fun of Broadside. He orders the men to follow that ship.
Act 2
The captain and a soldier are exploring the tropical jungle island of King Kahuka. They suddenly come face-to-face with some ninjas. The ninjas bow and show the soldiers what happened with their Master, (by changing their heads around,) that he has been captured by King Kahuka's tribe. The Navy befriends the ninjas and the ninjas then disappear with the help of smoke bombs (though one inexperienced ninja fails to disappear along with the smoke, instead creeping away to the side).
Act 3
In Broadside's ship the Captain offers the pirate lookout a gold coin for the location of the treasure. A soldier holds up a wanted poster of Captain Brickbeard. There are two islands one shaped like a skull and crossbones the other a heart. The pirate lies and says the treasure is on the heart shaped island. The captain flips the lookout a gold coin. The lookout shuffles towards the window and dives through it into the sea. 
End
Governor Broadside and Captain Brickbeard are glaring at each other but it turns out that Brickbeard and his crew are buried up to their shoulders in sand. The pirate with the oar winks at Camilla. She runs off in disgust. Then a familiar looking crab comes along directing its pincers in the direction of Captain Brickbeard's face.
The Astronauts' story.
Act 1
Astronauts Gemma and Biff head towards an unknown planet. Biff turns on some rock music for the ride, but Gemma switches it to opera, Biff switches it back again and the two fight over the radio. Biff accidentally hits the button that sends the fuel canister hurtling off into space. They make an emergency landing on Mars. Gemma tells Biff to go outside and find something to fuel the ship with. He eventually finds an energy crystal. He tests it out by putting it in the ship, and the ship has full power once again. 
Act 2
An astronaut and a builder droid are exploring the planet, and discover a crashed spaceship. Another spaceship arrives and beams down the Space Police Captain and some officers. He asks them if they've seen the criminal, Plisken, and they explain they haven't. As a result, the Space Police Captain brainwipes them of the last few moments, using a device similar to those used in the "Men in Black" films,but switches the builder off as the mindwipe device would't work on a robot and leaves.
Act 3
A commando arms the astronauts with guns, except the guy at the back who to his disappointment just gets a clearance card. He swipes the card at a box and the box opens up into a robot astro suit (known as Gripley in the game).
End
Biff panics as he and Gemma (who are leaving Mars) are chased by two alien gunships. Gemma just pulls back behind them and blows them up. The astronauts below chase off the remaining aliens, who flee in their flying saucer, and the Astronauts finally claim Mars for Earth.
The Aliens' story.
Act 1
The Alien Commander is building his Lego toy. The red alert sounds and numerous aliens are running through the ship in panic. Smoke produces from the ship, but the commander is so busy at completing his toy he doesn't notice. The ship crashes on Mars and the toy falls to pieces.
Act 2
A drone is gathering the biggest energy jewel to power the ship. The jewel is even bigger than him. Then the Space Criminal Leader Plisken runs up behind him. Plisken starts talking to the drone driving him away from the jewel, while the drone is distracted, Plisken's partner in crime sneaks behind them and steals the jewel. They run off with it to leave the poor drone at his wit's end.
Act 3
A Laser Trooper General sees the astronauts preparing for battle, and he brings the drone army out of stasis lock. He inspects the troops, and one of them is still asleep, holding a three-eyed teddy bear and wearing a nighty-night cap. When he stretches awake to find everyone staring at him, he hides his teddy bear and nightcap, then falls into line. The drones march into battle.
End
The drone army prepares to go into stasis lock again, and the sleepy alien once again gets out his teddy bear and nightcap. Meanwhile the Alien Queen sends the Alien Commander off to bed himself. When all is quiet the Alien Commander brings out his Lego toy again and continues building it, ending the scene, and the game.
Gameplay.
Seven types of units are available for use by the player to aid them in their overall objective. 
Builders-the most essential of all units but also the most vulnerable, builders gather resources and build buildings. He is weak at fighting but essential if one is to attain victory in most levels.
Hero- The next most important unit is the Hero- a powerful unit, no matter who he or she is. They have the ability to cast powers using their power points, and these powers have a wide range of effects, from Forest Growth to ESP to Earthquake to Fireball to Lightning, a Hero is the centerpiece of any army. Each Hero has different abilities and stats and heals nearby units and can speed up the construction of units from barracks and special factories. If they are killed, they can be rebuilt at the Fortress building.
Infantrymen- units who have a hand attack and are slower than knights. They are often the first military units available in any one game, and should be the backbone of a conventional army, but an army of infantrymen will fall to an army of infantrymen and archers.
Ranged- units who possess ranged attacks, albeit slightly weaker than the average infantryman. They won't win battles on their own, but can destroy enemy units in order for your stronger forces to move in and destroy the enemy's base.
Mounted- The powerful force in your army, they are strong and fast but expensive. They can hold their own in a fight against most other units, and an army of Knights can be a deadly foe if not countered properly. Towers are strong at defeating them, but an army of knights can rush in and destroy a tower, then be healed by the hero, and return to wreak havoc!
Transports- Used to move units across water or acid, transports are useful on some maps and entirely useless on others.Bridges can be used in their place, but transports can take units from any point to any other- bridges are set in one place and can be guarded. Used wisely, Transports can mean the difference between victory or defeat.
Specials- These are your most powerful units besides the Hero. Some can travel across water/acid. Almost always useful. All have Level 3 to Level 5 hitpoints. They have the very best weapons in your whole arsenal.
Maps.
There are 12 maps in the game which can be unlocked and bought for use in freeplay mode, 4 of each type of map (the types being Mars, coast/island and forest/grassland), however there is no "random map" function, as in many other war based strategy games. There are also a number of maps of all types which do not need to be unlocked at the start of the game. Each map features a different arrangement of 4 types of terrain: grass, dirt/rock, water/acid, and cliff. Each map also contains trees on certain parts of the grass. Mine seams are also located in certain positions on the dirt. Buildings can only be built on grass, except for mines which must be built on dirt based mine seams, docks which must be built on dirt/water boundaries (the coast), and bridges which are built between bridge slots across water. water is impassable to most units except transport and some specials. Cliffs are impassable to all units. Some water based specials can't pass over dirt and grass either.
Units.
In an army there are 9 types of units: The hero, builder, close combat, ranged, mounted (no range), 3 specials, and transports (also sometimes classed as a special). Every faction has their own variant of each of these, and some hero units can be unlocked by completing special tasks during the story mode or by doing other special things. Units are unlocked when they are encountered in the storymode but still have to be bought with blue studs - again, found in the story mode. Some units are only unlocked after collecting all the minikits (small treasure boxes) in an act. Each unit has four attributes displayed, attack (1 to 5), hitpoints/health (continuous), cost (in bricks, continuous), and speed (1 to 5). The hero is the center of the army; he or she regenerates nearby units health, can use special abilities, can regenerate health at your central building, and has a powerful attack against enemies and lots of hitpoints. The builder is trained in your central building, and builds buildings and gathers bricks from trees/crystals. Close combat, ranged, and mounted units are all trained in your "barracks" type building, and are all the bread and butter combat troops of your army. Some Special units allow you to pass over water/acid, others provide the heavy weaponry of the army; some even do both. Specials are trained/built in the special factory, except ships which are built in the dock. 
Freeplay Mode.
The game also includes a freeplay mode, in which the player can customize the units in their army, choose the map, and certain other settings such as game mode and starting bricks. Both the characters/units and maps must be unlocked and bought with "LEGO studs" before being used.
Sequel.
On April 12, 2011, Warner Bros. and TT Games released , the follow-up to LEGO Battles.

</doc>
<doc id="21413989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413989" title="Sandy Lake, Louisiana">
Sandy Lake, Louisiana

Sandy Lake is both a lake and residential place in central Catahoula Parish, Louisiana. Sandy Lake is located approximately 3 miles northwest of Jonesville, Louisiana, 5 miles northeast of Catahoula Lake, and 8 miles southwest of Harrisonburg, Louisiana. It has an elevation of 43 feet.
Sandy Lake also is situated north of U.S. Highway 84, south of Louisiana Highway 8.
Emergency services.
Sandy Lake is serviced by: 

</doc>
<doc id="21413992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21413992" title="Laura Sullivan">
Laura Sullivan

Laura Sullivan (born about 1974, in San Francisco) is a correspondent and investigative reporter for National Public Radio. She has worked there since 2004. She covers crime, punishment and prisons for Morning Edition, All Things Considered, Talk of the Nation and other NPR programs.
Sullivan's work specializes in shedding light on some of the country's most disadvantaged people. She is one of NPR's most decorated journalists, with three Peabody Awards two Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Awards, and more than a dozen other prestigious national awards.
In 2011, Sullivan produced a series on the state of foster care for Native American children focusing largely on alleged wrongdoing in the state of South Dakota and garnering her a third Peabody and her second Robert F. Kennedy award for investigative reporting.
On August 9, 2013, NPR's ombudsman released an extensive analysis of Sullivan's South Dakota series that concluded the series was "deeply flawed" and "should not have been aired as it was." However, NPR stood by the series and called the ombudsman's report "unorthodox, the sourcing selective, fact-gathering uneven and the conclusions, subjective or without foundation." Two subsequent reports, one by a coalition of nine Lakota tribes, and another by the National Coalition for Child Protection Reform, reviewed the ombudsman's report and found the NPR series was sound.
Just a year earlier, Sullivan's three part series Bonding For Profit: Behind the Bail Bond System examined the deep and costly flaws of bail bonding in the United States. In addition to her second Peabody and duPont, the series was also honored by the Scripps Howard Foundation, the Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and the American Bar Association.
Also in 2011, Sullivan won her second commendation from Investigative Reporters and Editors for her two-part series examining the origin of the Arizona SB 1070 immigration law.
In 2008, her series "36 Years of Solitary: Murder, Death and Justice on Angola" earned Sullivan her first Peabody, an Investigative Reporters and Editors award, and a Robert F. Kennedy award for investigative reporting. Her 2007 news series investigating sexual assault of Native American women won a duPont. It also won the DART Award for Excellence in coverage of Trauma for outstanding reporting and RTNDA Edward R Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting. The series also brought her a second Gracie Award for American Women in Radio and Television. The first was for her "Life in Solitary Confinement" for which she also won the 2007 Daniel Schorr Journalism Prize.
Before coming to NPR in 2004, Sullivan covered the United States Department of Justice, the FBI, and terrorism from the Baltimore Sun's Washington DC bureau. In 1996, Sullivan and two other Medill School of Journalism seniors expanded a class assignment that ultimately freed four men (Ford Heights Four) who had been wrongfully convicted of a 1978 murder in Chicago's South Side; two were death-row inmates. The case was one of several that led to a moratorium on capital punishment in Illinois. The project won a special citation from Investigative Reporters and Editors.
Sullivan graduated from Lick-Wilmerding High School in San Francisco in 1992.
External links.
http://navygentleman.com/cvn2/2013/08/10/better-late-than-never-npr-admits-it-slandered-south-dakota/#top

</doc>
<doc id="21414005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414005" title="1966 International Gold Cup">
1966 International Gold Cup

The 13th Gold Cup was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 17 September 1966 at Oulton Park, England. The race was run over 40 laps of the circuit, and was won by Australian driver Jack Brabham in a Brabham BT19.
The race ended in a very close finish, with Denny Hulme crossing the line a fraction of a second behind Brabham. Hulme was driving a slightly newer Brabham model, the BT20. 
This was John Campbell-Jones' last appearance in a Formula One race.

</doc>
<doc id="21414006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414006" title="Allothrissops">
Allothrissops

Allothrissops is an extinct genus of bulldog fish.

</doc>
<doc id="21414027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414027" title="Cy Pieh">
Cy Pieh

Edwin John "Cy" Pieh (September 29, 1886 – September 12, 1945) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from to with the New York Yankees. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Waunakee, Wisconsin and died in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21414038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414038" title="Thomas H. Roberts">
Thomas H. Roberts

Thomas H. Roberts was a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. Roberts was appointed to the judgeship by President Harry S. Truman, and served from 1950 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="21414057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414057" title="Inverted totalitarianism">
Inverted totalitarianism

Inverted totalitarianism is a term coined by political philosopher Sheldon Wolin in 2003 to describe the emerging form of government of the United States. Wolin believes that the United States is increasingly turning into an illiberal democracy, and he uses the term "inverted totalitarianism" to illustrate the similarities and differences between the United States governmental system and totalitarian regimes such as Nazi Germany and the Stalinist Soviet Union. In "Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt" by Chris Hedges and Joe Sacco, inverted totalitarianism is described as a system where corporations have corrupted and subverted democracy and where economics trumps politics. In inverted totalitarianism, every natural resource and every living being is commodified and exploited to collapse and the citizenry are lulled and manipulated into surrendering their liberties and their participation in their government by excess consumerism and sensationalism.
Inverted totalitarianism and managed democracy.
Wolin believes that the United States has been increasingly taking on totalitarian tendencies as a result of the transformations that it underwent during the military mobilization required to fight the Axis powers in the 1940s, and during the subsequent campaign to contain the Soviet Union during the Cold War:
According to Wolin, there are three main ways in which inverted totalitarianism is the inverted form of classical totalitarianism.
Inverted totalitarianism reverses things. It is all politics all of the time but a politics largely untempered by the political. Party squabbles are occasionally on public display, and there is a frantic and continuous politics among factions of the party, interest groups, competing corporate powers, and rival media concerns. And there is, of course, the culminating moment of national elections when the attention of the nation is required to make a choice of personalities rather than a choice between alternatives. What is absent is the political, the commitment to finding where the common good lies amidst the welter of well-financed, highly organized, single-minded interests rabidly seeking governmental favors and overwhelming the practices of representative government and public administration by a sea of cash.
Managed democracy.
Wolin believes that the democracy of the United States is sanitized of political participation, and describes it as managed democracy: "a political form in which governments are legitimated by elections that they have learned to control". Under managed democracy, the electorate is prevented from having a significant impact on policies adopted by the state through the continuous employment of public relations techniques.
Wolin believes that the United States resembles Nazi Germany in one major way without an inversion: the essential role that propaganda plays in the system. According to Wolin, whereas the production of propaganda was crudely centralized in Nazi Germany, in the United States it is left to highly concentrated media corporations, thus maintaining the illusion of a "free press". Dissent is allowed, although the corporate media serves as a filter, allowing most people, with limited time available to keep themselves apprised of current events, only to hear points of view which the corporate media deems to be "serious".
According to Wolin, the United States has two main totalizing dynamics:

</doc>
<doc id="21414058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414058" title="Yagyu Secret Scrolls">
Yagyu Secret Scrolls

Its sequel is 1958 Japanese film .

</doc>
<doc id="21414068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414068" title="Shūdō Higashinakano">
Shūdō Higashinakano

Higashinakano came to public attention when he attacked Iris Chang's 1997 book "The Rape of Nanking". He argued in an opinion column that appeared in "Sankei Shimbun" that the book was "pure baloney", asserting that there was "no witness of illegal executions or murders". Referring to the war crimes trial in Tokyo after World War II, he opined that "there existed no 'Rape of Nanking' as alleged by the Tokyo Trial." He claimed to have identified 90 historical factual errors in the first 64 pages of "The Rape of Nanking", some of which were corrected in the 1998 Penguin Books edition of the book.
Higashinakano pursued his arguments in his book "Thorough Review of Nanjing Massacre" (published in English as "The Nanking Massacre: Fact versus Fiction", 2006). In 2006 Xia Shuqin (夏淑琴), a Chinese woman whose testimony he sought to discredit in his book, took Higashinakano to court in China, winning 1.6 million yuan in damages. Higashinakano had claimed that she had not been a witness of the Nanking massacre and was not the child filmed by the missionary John Magee during the event. 
The case was later pursued in the Japanese courts. On 5 February 2009 the Supreme Court of Japan ordered Higashinakano to pay JPY 4 million in damages to Xia Shuqin, asserting that he had libelously defamed her. Higashinakano and his publisher Tendensha appealed, but lost their case. Higashinakano was unable to prove that Mrs. Xia and the girl in the film were different persons, contrary to what he had claimed in his book. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414102" title="Geilsland House">
Geilsland House

Geilsland House lies in between the village of Gateside and the town of Beith in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
Geilsland was a half merk land, part of the 4 merk land of Marshalland, in the Barony of Braidstone. An earlier name is said to have been 'Neilsland'. The name is pronounced 'Jillsland' locally. The origin of the name may refer to a gil or gyll, referring to a cleft or ravine as found at the 'Fairy Glen' where the Powgree Burn cuts through the fields.
Geilsland was sold in four lots and in 1867 two of these lots were purchased by Wiliam Fulton Love, writer and bank agent in Beith. He built a handsome villa and gatehouse, in the domestic gothic style, and enclosed and planted around the villa. The Millport Chapel, situated within the grounds, was fitted out with items from an old church that once stood on the Isle of Cumbrae.
In on June 7, 1902 the local paper reported "The purchaser of Geilsland is Mr Warren, wine and spirit merchant, Glasgow, who is a brother of Mr Warren, of the firm Warren and Stewart, engineers, who have had control of the various local schemes in connection with water and drainage for a number of years back".
Geilsland House may have been designed by Robert Samson Ingram (1841-1915) of J & R S Ingram, Kilmarnock. A pair of late 19th-century Gothic semi-villas at 28 and 30 Portland Road, Kilmarnock are believed to be by Ingram and clearly possess architectural details comparable with Geilsland, in particular the entrance porch with its columned supports.
The McCombe family were the last owners and being involved in the fruit trade they built greenhouses, a walled garden, and fruit packing sheds. A Summer House existed in the grounds at this time, extensively used by Mr McCombe who suffered from ill health.
Geilsland School.
The Church of Scotland established a Special School at Geilsand in 1964, the opening date being July 1 of that year. Sixty boys was set as the original intake maximum and the first major task was for the staff and pupils to convert or build the necessary buildings. The sports hall was also largely constructed by the staff and pupils.
The first headteacher was Mr. A. L. 'Sandy' Munro. To commemorate the millennium and the work of the school, the stained glass windows in the hall ceiling were commissioned from Gail Muir and depict the activities taught at the school. In 2002, work was undertaken to remove some of the unsympathetic 1960s additions to the building.
Geilsland House is still (2010) part of Geilsland school, run by the Church of Scotland under its 'Crossreach' initiative.
Lomond House within the grounds was built in a mock Gothic style in 1999 as a unit for young people with special needs.
The Millport Chapel.
The Millport Chapel was opened and dedicated on September 25, 1976. It was built by the staff and pupils as a conversion of a stable and barn with pews and pulpit coming from the East Church in Millport, Isle of Cumbrae.

</doc>
<doc id="21414106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414106" title="Combat Paper Project">
Combat Paper Project

The Combat Paper Project is a project formed to help veterans cope with experiences in the war. It is based out of the Green Door Studio in Burlington, Vermont in the United States. Their processes include making paper out of their old uniforms to then create art on them as well as many other creative outlets for them to connect to fellow veterans. They have exhibits and workshops available to further expand their knowledge as well as connect on a more national level with others.
The Combat Paper Project is a collaboration initiated by Drew Matott and Drew Cameron, involving war veterans, activists and artists.
Combat Paper is made using uniforms worn during military service. The uniforms are cut into pieces, cooked and macerated in a Hollander beater to make paper pulp. The pulp is then formed into paper sheets. Combat Paper has been used to make broadsides, books and personal journals, and the base for other printing processes.
In October 2009 utilizing a bike operated beater, Drew Matott, John LaFalce, Lee S. McDonald and Scott Meeker conducted a street intervention inviting attendees at the 2009 Friends of Dard Hunter Conference to cut pieces of military uniforms and place the pieces into the beater.

</doc>
<doc id="21414107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414107" title="Paralycoptera">
Paralycoptera

Paralycoptera wui is an extinct species of basal osteoglossoid from Early Cretaceous freshwater environments of what is now China. "P. wui" was originally described as a lycopterid osteoglossomorph close to "Lycoptera", though, later, on the basis of several well preserved specimens, Xu and Chang (2009) reassessed it as a basal osteoglossoid on the basis of better-preserved fossil material. Xu and Chang also synonymized the second described species, "P. changi", as well as "Tanolepis" and "Yungkangichthys hsitanensis" (while neglecting the Japanese species, "Y. macrodon"), alleging that all of them were too similar to "P. wui" to merit separate generic or specific status, and that any anatomical differences between these taxa were due to taphonomic distortions of the specimens. In the same study, Xu and Chang also synonymized the related Japanese osteoglossomorph genus, "Aokiichthys", on the basis of the two genera having an almost identical number of vertebrae, though they did not specify whether they were simply merging the two genera together, or if all the species within "Aokiichthys" were to be demoted as synonyms of "P. wui".

</doc>
<doc id="21414110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414110" title="1933 Portsmouth Spartans season">
1933 Portsmouth Spartans season

The 1933 Portsmouth Spartans season was their fourth in the league and final season before becoming the Detroit Lions. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 6–2–4, losing five games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="21414119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414119" title="Jeremy Campbell">
Jeremy Campbell

Jeremy Campbell is a Paralympic athlete from the United States competing mainly in category P44 pentathlon events.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal and set a world record in the men's Pentathlon - P44 event, won a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - F44 event, and finished fourth in the men's Long Jump - F42/44 event.
He is a brother of National Football League player and Army alumnus Caleb Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="21414149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414149" title="Jeff Skiba">
Jeff Skiba

Jeff Skiba (born April 28, 1984) is a police officer and a Paralympic athlete from the United States competing mainly in category P44 pentathlon events.
Jeff competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a gold medal in the men's high jump - P44 event, a silver medal in the men's pentathlon - P44 event, finished fifth in the men's javelin - F42/44 event, finished sixth in the men's discus throw - F44 event and finished ninth in the men's Long jump - F42/44 event

</doc>
<doc id="21414150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414150" title="Parakannemeyeria">
Parakannemeyeria

Parakannemeyeria is an extinct genus of dicynodont.

</doc>
<doc id="21414154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414154" title="Hydroelectric Development in Easterville, Chemawawin">
Hydroelectric Development in Easterville, Chemawawin

Hydroelectric development in Easterville, Chemawawin began in 1962. By the early 1960s a new era began to emerge in Northern Manitoba with the development of hydroelectric projects. In 1962 the government of Manitoba contacted the Chemawawin Cree Nation asking them to surrender their lands so that the Grand Rapids Dam could be constructed. Subsequent flooding of the land that belonged to the Chemawawin people meant relocating them to Easterville, Manitoba. The Grand Rapids Forebay Administration Committee, or Forebay Committee for short, sent what is known as the "Letter of Intent" or "Forebay Agreement" to the Chemawawin community stipulating a number of promises to them should they decide to relocate. Ultimately the Chemawawin people relocated to Easterville and continue to live there today. The agreements made between the government of Manitoba and the Chemawawin Indian Band are highly disputed in terms of whether the agreements were fulfilled.
History.
Chemawawin Indian Band and government relations.
The signing of treaties by Northern Indians, in what is known today as Manitoba, began in 1875 when land was signed over to the Queen of Canada. The Chemawawin Indian Band signed Treaty 5 in 1876, significantly reducing their lands to a small reserve portion. Although the Grand Rapids Dam did not come into fruition until over eight decades later, the memory of the loss of land stuck in the minds of the Chemawawin people and played a large role in their hesitation towards the project.
The Chemawawin Community.
In 1960 the Chemawawin community was small, at about 350 people. Chemawawin was located at the meeting point of the Saskatchewan River and Cedar Lake. The town was relatively isolated, so community members would travel by boat to either The Pas or Grand Rapids for trading. The community members made their living primarily through fishing and trapping. The community was resource-rich, although to some officials of the government of Manitoba it may have seemed that the community was actually quite poor, ultimately justifying the proposal by the government for the relocation of the community to Easterville.
The Grand Rapids Dam.
In 1957 the planning of the Grand Rapids Dam was already underway, although the Chemawawin people did not learn of the project until 1960. The Grand Rapids Forebay Administration Committee, or the Forebay Committee for short, was made up of a number of civil servants working for the government of Manitoba. The Forebay Committee was put in charge of negotiating the terms of the relinquishing of their land and relocation of the Chemawawin people. The details of the offer made by the government of Manitoba were outlined in the "Letter of Intent", or "Forebay Agreement", which was sent to the chief in April 1962.
Letter of Intent or Forebay Agreement.
“We feel that this letter is similar to a Treaty. We cannot accept what we do not think is right, as it is not we who will suffer for our mistake, but our children and our children’s children.” – The People of Chemawawin’s initial response to the Forebay Agreement
The Letter of Intent (Forebay agreement) sent to the people of Chemawawin in April 1962 was met with a large degree of concern by the community. Similarities to Treaty 5 made the people of Chemawawin wary of accepting the terms without careful consideration and further negotiation. The government of Manitoba was fully committed to the project, and the Chemawawin people were informed that the building of the dam would go ahead regardless of their wishes to renegotiate terms. The government of Manitoba felt that the terms stipulated in the Forebay Agreement were equitable and stated “it could represent the interests of these people adequately” . The people of Chemawawin never asked for the representation of lawyers and were never offered representation; ultimately, the people accepted the terms of the Forebay Agreement.
Under the terms set out in the Forebay Agreement, a benefits package was offered to the people of Chemawawin. These benefits included the building of a new, fully modern town, with electricity, running water, bus service, a new school and cars, and the choosing of the location of this new town. Cash compensation was also offered in the benefits package. Although there is written documentation of the benefits offered to the people of Chemawawin, there is dispute over other agreements that may have been made orally to the people of Chemawawin in order to ensure that they would relocate.
Easterville.
Discrepancies between Forebay Agreement and reality.
The community of Easterville was created on the south shore of Cedar Lake, approximately west of Grand Rapids. With the creation of this site, one of the terms of the Forebay Agreement came under dispute. The government of Manitoba claimed that the people of Chemawawin democratically chose Easterville as the site of the new town; however, the people of Chemawawin claimed that they were never given a choice and that the Easterville site was the only one which was able to fulfill the terms stipulated in the agreement.
The other terms of the Forebay Agreement, mainly the physical infrastructure, seemed to be upheld by the Manitoba government. Easterville, by the Manitoba government standards, was a new modern town. New houses were built along gravel streets with official street names and a new school, recreation center, council office, co-op store and nursing station were all built at the center of town. Apart from the physical amenities of the town there were a number of problems presented to the Chemawawin people.
Social and physical problems in Easterville.
The Easterville location proved to be a poor substitute for the previous site at Chemawawin. In Chemawawin the ground cover and soil was rich, but in Easterville there was little of either, as most of the ground was covered in gravel and rocks.
The Easterville site also proved to have some health hazards and environmental issues. A thick layer of limestone covered the majority of Easterville and prevented the building of pit toilets. Eventually sanitation became a large problem in the area, as the town was reliant on well water, which became contaminated with human waste. The people of Chemawawin attempted to recreate the fishing industry they previously had, but there were many problems. In 1971 mercury contamination caused the government to shut down the fishing industry. It was suspected that the mercury contamination was caused by the dam. The trapping industry was also highly affected due to the rising water on the shores. The muskrat and beaver populations dwindled significantly, and eventually the trapping industry mostly disappeared.
With the devastation to the trapping and fishing industries in Easterville social assistance payments increased significantly amongst the community members. It was said that "the spirit of the people of Chemawawin seemed to break once they were in Easterville", as social problems ran rampant throughout the community. Eventually the government of Manitoba created road access to The Pas and Grand Rapids but, while this was beneficial in some ways as people were able to gain access to larger commercial centers, it was also a great detriment to the people. Access to alcohol became much easier when the roads were developed, and alcohol abuse became a significant problem in Easterville.
Current situation.
On November 14, 1990, another agreement was contracted between the government of Manitoba and the inhabitants of Easterville. The agreement recognized some of the "adverse effects" that the Easterville resettlement had on the Chemawawin people and sought to pursue further compensation for the community. The agreement was not able to restore the people of Easterville to their former status in Chemawawin, but was a step towards a better future.
Like many other communities in Northern Manitoba affected by dam development, the situation in Easterville has not changed significantly and still requires a great detail of assistance in order for the people of Chemawawin to regain their spirit and reclaim the identity they had before the creation of the Grand Rapids Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="21414161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414161" title="Baisan Monpon">
Baisan Monpon

Baisan Monpon (梅山聞本, died 1417) was a Sōtō Zen monk. He received dharma transmission from Gasan Jōseki and is considered a patriarch by the Sōtō school. He was the author of the "Zenkai-ron" (Treatise on Zen Precepts).
His disciple Jochū Tengin (如仲天誾), who founded Akiba Souhonden Kasuisai in 1394, follows him in the line of patriarchs. His other disciples included Taisho (太初継覚) and Ketsudo Nosho (傑堂能勝), who founded Kōun-ji Temple in 1394. [http://www.murakami.in/murakami/kouunji.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="21414162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414162" title="Hassan Moustafa">
Hassan Moustafa

Hassan Moustafa (born 1945) is a former handball player from Egypt, who played for the Egypt national handball team. He is President of the International Handball Federation (IHF).
During the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship a conflict emerged between Moustafa and the Secretary General of the IHF, Peter Mühlematter.

</doc>
<doc id="21414169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414169" title="Peter Mühlematter">
Peter Mühlematter

Peter Mühlematter is a Swiss handball administrator. He serves as Secretary General for the International Handball Federation (IHF).
During the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship a conflict emerged between Mühlematter and the President of the IHF, Hassan Moustafa.

</doc>
<doc id="21414172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414172" title="Myosaurus">
Myosaurus

Myosaurus is an extinct genus of dicynodont found primarily in Antarctica and South Africa.
History.
The Family "Myosauridae" is known only from fossilized skull specimens, the family was distinguished from other families in the infraorder Dicynodontia by the larger breadth of the skull samples intertemporal region.
The Myosaurus used to be a member of the family Endothiodontidae but was placed in its own family after further investigation.
References.
Myosaurus gracilis, an Anomodont Reptile from the Lower Triassic of Antarctica and South Africa
W. R. Hammer and J. W. Cosgriff 
Journal of Paleontology, Vol. 55, No. 2 (Mar., 1981), pp. 410-424 
Published by: SEPM Society for Sedimentary Geology 
Article Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/1304227

</doc>
<doc id="21414179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414179" title="Laurent Macquet">
Laurent Macquet

Laurent Michel Macquet (born August 11, 1979 in Marcq-en-Barœul, Lille) is a French football midfielder. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414181" title="Percy Bernard">
Percy Bernard

Percy Bernard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21414189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414189" title="1964 State College of Iowa Panthers football team">
1964 State College of Iowa Panthers football team

The 1964 State College of Iowa Panthers football team represented the State College of Iowa in the 1964 NCAA college football season. The Panthers offense scored 269 points while the defense allowed 100 points. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414193" title="Lynne Bateson">
Lynne Bateson

Lynne Elizabeth Bateson (born 16 August 1952) is an English journalist and former newspaper executive, now living and writing in Pasadena, California, USA. She was born in Horsforth, Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK. She moved to the US in 2006 as a lawful permanent resident under the Department of Homeland Security's classification "alien of extraordinary ability or achievement."
Biography.
Bateson has contributed to seven British national newspapers: Daily and Sunday Express, Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday, The Guardian, The Times and Sunday Times, as well among other publications, the London Evening Standard, the Yorkshire Evening Post, the Pudsey News and Money, Real and Your Life magazines. She has written about business, personal finance, health, television, travel, careers and property, contributed general features, columns and was an editorials writer on the Daily and Sunday Express. Her executive career included being deputy group managing editor of Express Newspapers, as well as assistant editor, features editor, business editor and personal finance editor.
Bateson has also given confidential strategic advice to leading international companies and consultancies, conducted corporate brainstorming and media-trained senior business leaders. 
Bateson was voted the Best Journalist writing on General Insurance for a National Newspaper in the 1999 Lloyds TSB Insurance awards. She was the British Insurance Brokers Association's 1993 Consumer Journalist of the year (tabloid). She received a special commendation in the 1990 Personal Finance Journalist of the Year Award, sponsored by Bradford & Bingley building society. 
She has been given an entry in Debrett's People of Today since 1991.
Career.
2006 - : Freelance.
Writing for British national newspapers including Daily Telegraph, The Guardian, The Guardian online, London Sunday Times and Sunday Express.
1994.
LBC Radio Sunday newspaper reviewer
Best magazine columnist.

</doc>
<doc id="21414218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414218" title="The Return of the Psychopath">
The Return of the Psychopath

The Return of the Psycho is the sixth album released by rapper, Ganksta N-I-P. It was released on November 11, 2003 through Rest In Peace / Black Market Records and featured production from 151, Dope E, J.B. Money and K-Rino. The entire project was headed by Mars.
Personnel.
Executive Producer - Cedric Singleton 

</doc>
<doc id="21414227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414227" title="Valencia Tool &amp; Die">
Valencia Tool &amp; Die

Valencia Tool & Die, abbreviated as VT&D, was a 1980s San Francisco music venue and art gallery that presented punk, new wave, and new music performances, as well as performance art, film, and visual art shows from 1980 through 1983.
Valencia Tool & Die (VT&D), which to a passerby appeared to be an empty store front with no signage to identify it other than the street number, was located in the Mission District at 974 Valencia. The interior space consisted of a street level gallery/performance space and a subterranean cellar performance space. The cellar space was reached through a trap door and a narrow staircase, which led Damage Magazine publisher Brad Lapin to label it "the black hole of Calcutta." Performances often took place on both levels simultaneously, and usually featured Bay Area talent. VT&D was often open after hours and many of its best performances took place after San Francisco's 2 a.m. curfew in the cellar performance space which had been insulated with sand to dampen the sound. VT&D's location was only a few blocks from the Valencia police station, but the after hours performances continued uninterrupted for the first two years. During the third year the club was overrun by hardcore punks who made the location more conspicuous with graffiti and the club was closed for fire code and alcohol violations shortly afterward. Although VT&D did not exclusively book punk shows, most of the artists that appeared there ascribed to the DIY (do it yourself) philosophy of punk.
By mid-1981 Valencia Tool & Die had begun to book hardcore punk and thrashcore shows featuring three bands for three dollars, a policy which had disappeared years before in San Francisco. The Die was a street-level storefront with a semi-sound proof basement, a seven-foot ceiling crossed with pipes, and brick walls. The bands stood on the same floor face to face with the crammed sweltering audiences. Beer could be had for a buck, and gigs would last till the wee hours when bands like L.A.s Social Distortion or the DKs (Dead Kennedys) would appear unannounced. Upstairs people would drink, smoke, socialize, graffiti the walls, scream, fight or curl up for some sleep. Outside on the sidewalk there would inevitably be a dozen or two skulking kids in the nearby doorways, or leaning on parked cars while catching a breath of smokeless air."
Bill Mandel in his article "In defense of punk rock: It's the liveliest art-form of the '80s" went on to say of the Bay Area punk scene: "The clubs aren't cushy, to say the least. Such venues as Mabuhay Gardens (still the purest), Sound of Music (heavy-duty punk), the (I-Beam, Dreamland, California Hall, the Russian Center, the American Indian Center, Valencia Tool & Die, and Berkeley Square, among others, are raw and industrial."
Tim Yohannon of Maximum Rock and Roll described VT&D several times in reviews of shows in the basement venue. In an article in August 1982 bemoaning the lack of hardcore shows being produced on Broadway Yohannon wrote "Outside of Ruthies (probably the best venue for H.C., the "guerilla" shows remain the most true-to-form punk. Gigs at Barrington Hall in Berkeley, New Method Industries in Oakland, and the occasional party at Valencia Tool & Die are the rowdiest (the heart of the scene) with a full cast of day-to-day regulars." In another article reviewing a show at the Die he wrote "Great show! Lot of yahooing downstairs and lots of yakking upstairs. Plenty of people at this gig arranged by MDC, and the crowd was pretty friendly - no real fights (which seem to be on the decline), and a lot of women thrashing."
Venue performers.
Some of the punk bands and new music musicians that performed at Valencia Tool & Die included: Black Flag, Hüsker Dü, Faith No Man (the first incarnation of Faith No More), Flipper, Dead Kennedys, Toxic Reasons, Social Distortion, Minor Threat, DRI, Verbal Abuse, The Units, The Nubs featuring Lisa R. Fredenthall-Lee, The Job featuring the beat generation poet Allen Ginsberg, the girl groups The Contractions and The Varve, Vancouver's Pointed Sticks, Translator, Code of Honor, The Tanks, The Lewd, Timmy Spence, Clocks of Paradise, Barry Beam, Los Microwaves, The Symptoms, The Neutrinoz, The Dickheads, The Invertebrates, Mr. E and the Necromantics, Ribzy, Executioner, Los Olvidados, Crucifix, PLH, UXB, Red Kross, Social Unrest, Bad Posture, Fang, Rebel Truth, Intensified Chaos, The German Shepards, Arkansas Man, Ultra-Sheen, Nervous Gender, The Zeros, The Appliances, Henry Kuntz, Loren Means, John Gruntfest, Steve Ruppenthal, Bonnie Hayes and The Punts, Voice Farm, and Indoor Life. Tommy Tutone spent several days at Tool & Die in 1982 rehearsing and refining their hit song 867-5309/Jenny shortly before they recorded it.
Shortly after Allen Ginsberg's appearance at Valencia Tool & Die, this short piece appeared in Herb Caen's column in the San Francisco Chronicle. "I have a punk pen pal who signs herself Pheno Barbidol and tries to keep me clued in to what's happening on the new wave scene around here. I assume Pheno is a she since the letters, generally chiding in tone, include a red lipstick imprint under the signature. Of course, in San Francisco, one never knows, but in my mind, Pheno is all girl and also literate. Her latest screed begins: "Well you did it again, you culturally disoriented old reprobate. You really missed the boat with your weekend activities. What did you do … go to some incredibly boring cocktail part? Or maybe you hobnobbed at another one of your mindless middle class galas? Ugh. What you could have been doing instead — if you'd pay attention to the fliers you see splashed like pimples on S.F.'s fragile face — is see history in the making on Friday night at the Tool & Die on Valencia. That's right, bucko. History! … Allen Ginsberg was there singing his own new wave song, 'Capitol Air,' with new wave band extraordinaire, The Job."
In its April 1983 issue San Francisco Magazine's Michael Goldberg wrote in his article "Punk Premises": "If you want to see hard-core punk, the place to go is the Valencia Tool & Die, sometimes simply referred to as the Die." Later in the article Goldberg continued: "With its low ceiling, wooden posts (running down the middle of the room to provide support) and brick walls, this place reminds one of the hideaways devised during the Nazis' reign of terror. The smell is beer and smoke and dust. (Beer is sold out of a closet.) There is no stage. The bands set up on the floor at one end of the room, with no barrier between audience and the performers, so band members can move easily into the crowd and join the slamming if they want to."
Diverse Audiences.
During the Western Front Festival of 1980, Valencia Tool & Die mounted a show of poster art that originally promoted punk shows in San Francisco, the highlights of which were later published in book called "",1981, Last Gasp. The poster show which featured over 500 posters and flyers was curated by Peter Belsito, Susan Pedrick, and Bob Davis.
In 1980 Valencia Tool & Die hosted "Mainstream Exiles: A Lesbian and Gay Men's Cultural Festival" which included visual art, film, performance art and poetry by gay and lesbian artists over a six-day period from November 4 through November 9. Artists who participated in Mainstream Exiles were: Leonie Guyer, Bill Jacobson, Kim Anno, Will Roscoe, Beth Rose, Blackberri, Swingshift, Avotcja, Inner Peace Rainbow, Susan Griffin, Randy Johnson, Cherrie Moraga-Lawrence, Emanuel Ro, Karen Brodine, Steve Abbott, Judy Grahn, Robert Gluck, Canyon Sam, Tede Matthews, Rose Mitchell, David Arndt, The Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, Jan and Vicki, Brown Bag Theater, Chris Tanner now known as VonTanner, Ruth Schoenbach, Carol Roberts, Michael Barry, March Thomas Armstrong, Lesbians Against Police Violence, M. J. Lallo, Gay Theater Collective, Adele Prandini, Whole Works Theater, Canyon Sam and Genny Lim of Unbound Feet, Marilyn Curry, Marc Huestis, James Armstrong, Ann Hershey, Connie Hatch, Michael Brayton, Allen Page and Susana Blaustein.

</doc>
<doc id="21414260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414260" title="Bill Roggio">
Bill Roggio

Bill Roggio is an American commentator on military affairs. Roggio is the managing editor of "The Long War Journal". Prior to leading a team of online commentators, Roggio published the online weblog "The Fourth Rail". Roggio was an active duty soldier in the United States Army in the 1990s.
Long War Journal.
Roggio and the "Long War Journal's" staff use reports from media organizations, including publications in countries where terrorists or Islamic insurgencies are active, such as in Afghanistan and Pakistan, then amplify and add historical context to what they find with information from their own network of US intelligence sources. In some cases, PMI has funded trips by its own media-credentialed journalists to report on war zones such as Afghanistan, Iraq, and the Philippines. Roggio, a former United States Army signalman and infantryman, uses his military experience to add strategic, operational, and tactical level context to the journal's reports. According to the "Columbia Journalism Review", "Roggio's greatest service, then, may be the way he picks up where the mainstream press leaves off, giving readers a simultaneously more specific and holistic understanding of the battlefield."
The "Columbia Journalism Review" reports that the "Long War Journal" for the most part avoids political bias in its stories. The "Review", however, noted that Roggio has at times aligned himself with conservative bloggers on issues such as the "Easongate" controversy. The journal states that it is a publication of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, which describes itself as non-partisan but has been called "neoconservative" by various resources.
The "Long War Journal" has been used as a source by media organizations or quoted in press publications including the "New York Times" (two of which were on the newspaper's front page), "Reuters", "Associated Press", "United Press International", "Sunday Times", "The Hindu", "Cable News Network", the "Times of India", "The Australian", "CTC Sentinel", "Time", "The Nation", "Washington Times", and "The Atlantic". Marc Thiessen used the journal as a source in a 15 March 2011 opinion piece for "the Washington Post". Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter Thomas E. Ricks cited "Long War Journal" reporter Nathan Webster in Ricks' Iraq-related book, "The Gamble".
Controversies.
In 2006, before the establishment of the "Journal", Huffington Post commentator Stephen Kaus criticized Roggio after Roggio complained about the "Washington Post's" negative coverage of his 2005 trip to Iraq as an embedded reporter with the United States Marine Corps. Kaus criticized Roggio as a sensationalist who likes to get people to read his articles by distorting the news. Roggio has also at times made controversial claims about the fate of terrorists killed in US drone strikes.
After Baitullah Mehsud was killed in August 2009, Roggio claimed on August 6, 2009 that a US intelligence official told him US officials thought Mehsud was still alive. This claim about Mehsud's fate was not accurate, as Pentagon spokesman Jeff Morrell and National Security Advisor James Jones claimed that US officials were 90% certain he was killed and they had yet to see any evidence to assume otherwise, and the Pakistan Taliban later confirmed he was killed.
In April 2009, Roggio claimed Rashid Rauf, an Al Qaeda operative who was reported to have been killed in a US drone strike which took place in North Waziristan on November 22, 2008, was still alive. This claim about Rauf's fate was never proven to be true and in July 2010, a U.S. counterterrorism official told the New York Daily News that Rauf was killed in the drone strike. In October 2012, Rauf's family confirmed he was killed in the drone strike.
After Osama bin Laden was killed in May 2011, Roggio claimed that his son Sa'ad, who was believed to have killed in a drone strike in 2009, was one of his possible successors. At this time, Roggio gave no mention to the earlier report about Sa'ad's death and stated that Sa'ad "is considered a senior leader and an operational commander in al Qaeda" and that "he is known to shelter in Iran and to move back and forth across the Iranian border with Pakistan. A letter captured from the compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan where Osama was killed also discussed Sa'ad's death. In September 2012, al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri confirmed in a videotape that Saad was killed in the drone strike.
In March 2012, Roggio echoed claims by the Daily Times that Ilyas Kashmiri was still alive and was spotted in a meeting with Pakistan Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud in North Waziristan. However, the accuracy of this report was disputed because journalists were unable to access the region where Kashmiri was allegedly spotted. A few days later, the report of Kashmiri's survival was further contradicted when an Al Qaeda spokesman eulogized him along with other Pakistani militants who had been killed in various drone strikes.

</doc>
<doc id="21414261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414261" title="Phoenix Comicon">
Phoenix Comicon

Phoenix Comicon is a multigenre entertainment and comic book convention held annually in Phoenix, Arizona. It was founded as the Phoenix Cactus Comicon in June 2002, and originally consisted of a one-day six hour event held in Ahwatukee, Arizona. PCC plays host to comic related panels, programming events, art contests, and autograph signings for all ages. It is a four-day event (Thursday-Sunday) held during the summer at the Phoenix Convention Center in downtown Phoenix. On Thursday evening prior to the official opening of the event, there is a preview for professionals, exhibitors, and select guests pre-registered for all four days.
Originally showcasing comic books, science fiction/fantasy and film/television, and related popular arts, the convention has expanded over the years to include a larger range of pop culture elements, such as horror, anime, manga, animation, toys, collectible card games, video games, webcomics, and fantasy novels. In 2014, the convention set an attendance record of 77,818, and reportedly generates approximately $5 million in revenue for the city of Phoenix. Phoenix Comicon has also began to expand programming into the surrounding hotels, including the Hyatt Regency, Marriott Renaissance and Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotels.
History and organization.
The first Phoenix Comicon was held in June 2002 as Phoenix Cactus Comicon. It was a one-day convention for six hours held at a Best Western in Ahwatukee, Arizona. Admission was $3 per person and there were 432 attendees, along with a few local creators and exhibitors. The following three years, the convention was held at the Glendale Civic Center. The size of the convention and the attendance were doubled from the previous year, and the Sunday morning six hour length of the convention was maintained. The convention began to bring out some guests from out of state including Spider-Man artist Todd Nauck and comic legend Marv Wolfman. The programming was increased to include Q&A's with guests, how-to workshops, and film trailer presentations.
In 2006, the convention was held at the Mesa Convention Center in Mesa, Arizona for the first time in its history. It also became a two-day convention, with Friday preview night, and had guests such as voice actors Johnny Young Bosche and Greg Ayres. The exhibitor room was dramatically expanded, as was the amount of programming offered. This was the first convention to expand beyond comic books into the greater pop culture community, including Anime, Manga, Sci-Fi, Fantasy and Cosplay. Attendance was over 2,600 people for the weekend. The convention was held in January from 2007 to 2009, at the Mesa Convention Center. Attendance jumped past 3,200. 2007 was considered the conventions first foray into media guests, with Feedback, the winner of "Stan Lee's Who Wants to be a Superhero" attending. In 2009, the event was expanded to 3 days, with a Thursday preview night. It was also announced at the 2009 convention that due to an overwhelming attendance of around 7,000 people for that year, the convention in 2010 will be moving to the Phoenix Convention Center the next year, along with the dates changing to the end of May.
Beginning in 2010 the convention was held on Memorial Day weekend, at the Phoenix Convention Center and Grand Hyatt Hotel in Phoenix. This change was due to the large increase in attendance, and the availability of funds to hold the convention in a larger venue. Bigger names, such as Leonard Nimoy, George Takei, and Stan Lee also attended the convention as special guests. One of the highlights of the 2013 event include the showing of the fan-based production, "Pilgrim of Eternity", a full length sequel to "Who Mourns for Adonais?". In 2014, due to a scheduling conflict, the convention was moved to the first week of June as opposed to Memorial Day weekend. The convention also expanded its presence into the South and West buildings of the convention center, as well as nearby hotels including the Hyatt Regency Hotel, Marriott Renaissance Hotel and Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel. The 2015 convention will again take place the weekend after Memorial Day weekend at the Phoenix Convention Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21414284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414284" title="Provisional Council of State">
Provisional Council of State

Provisional Council of State (, German:"Provisorische Staatsrat im Koenigreich Polen") was the first government of the Kingdom of Poland, a new state created by the military authorities of Germany and Austria on some Polish lands during First World War.
The Provisional Council was officially created on the basis of Act of November 5th (of 1916), and started meetings on 14 January 1917. The Council had 25 members; 10 from Austrian lands and 15 from German. Its president was Wacław Niemojowski, and vice president, Józef Mikułowski-Pomorski. Józef Piłsudski held the authority over the military matters.
The Council demanded more autonomy from the occupying governments, including in education. After attempts by Austria and Germany to ensure that the Council would be but a puppet body, Piłsudski resigned from it, which led to the oath crisis in the Polish legions in July. In its aftermath, the entire Council disbanded on 25 August 1917.
It was followed by the Temporary Committee of the Provisional Council of State ("Komisja Przejściowa Tymczasowej Rady Stanu") and then by the Regency Council.
Members of the Council were Józef Brudziński, Stanisław Bukowiecki, Stanisław Dzierzbicki, Ludwik Górski, Józef Higersberger, Marian Januszajtis-Żegota, Kazimierz Natanson, Józef Piłsudski, Franciszek Pius Radziwiłł, Wojciech Rostworowski, Eustachy Sapieha, Stanisław Chaniewski, Stanisław Staniszewski, Władysław Studnicki, Artur Śliwiński.

</doc>
<doc id="21414302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414302" title="Rafael Ferrer (artist)">
Rafael Ferrer (artist)

Rafael Ferrer (born 1933 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican artist. He was a 1993 recipient of a Pew Fellowship in the Arts and a 2011 recipient of an Annalee and Barnett Newman Foundation Grant.
Life.
From an early age Ferrer traveled between Puerto Rico and the United States, studying in his teens at Staunton Military Academy and then went on to Syracuse University from 1951 to 1953. In 1953 he returned to Puerto Rico and enrolled at the University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras, where he spent one year studying with Eugenio Granell, a surrealist painter and writer who was an exile of the Spanish Civil War. Through this teacher he met in Europe many of the surrealist group in Paris, including its "High Priest" André Breton. His most important early connection was a friendship with the Cuban artist Wifredo Lam, who gave and dedicated one of his drawings to the young Ferrer.
Since his years at Staunton, where he learned to play drums, he has been involved with Afro-Cuban Music. In the early 1950s he moved to New York to work as a musician. He was a professional percussionist until 1960, after which he used it as a means of support while he focused more on his work as an artist in his studio. Since the mid-1960s he has had exhibitions and given lectures and seminars across the US, Europe, and the Caribbean.
Ferrer's success began in the late 1960s with installations engaging conceptual and process art. These first involved actions, such as his "3 Leaf Pieces" at the Castelli Warehouse and then developed into installations that became progressively more narrative in tone, which included complicated artifacts assembled and fabricated by the artist which inferred voyages. Many of these artifacts became part of recurring themes or series, including this paper bag faces, kayaks and maps, themes that he returns to up to the present. These installations were done at prominent museums including the Museum of Modern Art, New York, The Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, the Corcoran Gallery in Washington, D.C., the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam and the Museums Of Contemporary Art in both Philadelphia and Chicago. In the 1980s he became known for his expressionistic paintings of his native Caribbean, works that dealt with the tropic's under belly, breaking the stereotype of the tourist cliche. These works deal with the marvelous, the rough, the frightful and the beautiful as seen through the eyes of one born of these regions. Painting enabled Ferrer to go back to the privacy of working alone in his studio. 
Aside from his continuing interest in sculptures made in the studio, Ferrer has been commissioned to created permanent sculptures, such as "Puerto Rican Sun" featured on Art in America, March 1980 issue. Fabricated by Lippincott out of steel, it was erected in the South Bronx in 1979. The sculpture depicts the two sides of the Caribbean, light and dark, sun and moon. In 1981 he was commissioned by the Fairmount Park Art Association to make a sculpture for the city of Philadelphia. With the fabricator Bob Giza he created an aluminum crown which sat on an existing building featuring cutouts of acrobats and performers and words which spelled out its title or marquee: "El Gran Teatro de la Luna". (since dismantled from Fairhill Sq. to be reinstalled by the city in 2012) In 2002 Ferrer was commissioned by the Government of Puerto Rico to create a permanent sculpture for the waterfront of La Parguera, a village on the southern coast where boats depart for the Phosphorescent Bay. Installed in 2004 and titled "El Museo Rodante" (the rolling museum). It comprises 5 bronze sculptures, cast from wooden templates which contain imagery from artist's throughout history that Ferrer has admired. 
The mediums Ferrer has worked in include sculpture, painting, drawing, printmaking, and installation art. Ferrer taught at several universities: University of Pennsylvania, the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Maine, New York's School of Visual Arts, New York, The San Francisco Art Institute, and the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque. Living and working on the North Fork of Long Island since 1999, Ferrer has returned to his earlier influences, the visual world used only to spark the imagination. Along with paintings and a multitude of works on paper, including his ongoing series of paper bag faces, he has developed a new format which enables him to combine his fascination for both images and words: large blackboard installations. He had a major exhibition at El Museo Del Barrio in 2010 titled Retro/Active from June 8 - August 21 and a Survey of Works on Paper at the Lancaster Museum of Art from September 7 - November 11, 2012, both with comprehensive catalogues. He is represented in New York City by the Adam Baumgold Gallery and by the David Castillo Gallery in Miami. A monograph on his work was released in November, 2012 by UCLA Chicano Studies Research Center, A Ver Series, distributed by the University of Minnesota Press.

</doc>
<doc id="21414326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414326" title="Lardner Vanuxem">
Lardner Vanuxem

Lardner Vanuxem (July 23, 1792 – January 25, 1848), was an American geologist. He was graduated at the Ecole des mines, Paris, in 1819. After his education, he became the chair of chemistry and mineralogy in Columbia College in South Carolina. Lardner married Mary Ann Newbold in 1831, and they had seven children. In 1826 he retired from the college and devoted his attention exclusively to geology as a profession. During that year he published in the newspapers and in Robert Mills's "Statistics of South Carolina" reports on the geology of the state.
He visited Mexico to examine mining property. From 1827 to 1828, he studied the geological features of the states of New York, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia, under the auspices of the state of New York, and made his report to its legislature. On the establishment of the geological survey of New York in 1836, Professor Vanuxem was assigned to the charge of the 3d geological district, and continued in the active work of the survey until 1841.
At the close of the survey he spent some time in Albany in arranging the state geological cabinet, out of which has grown the New York State Museum. Professor Vanuxem's private collection of mineral and geological specimens was considered at the time of his death as "the largest, best arranged, and most valuable private collection in the country." He was a member of the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sciences.
Vanuxem saw the need for a uniform system of nomenclature in the United States which led him to form a collaborative group that in 1847 became the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Vanuxem was an intensely religious man. Raised in the Presbyterian Church, he abstained from alcohol and tobacco and was a strong advocate of human rights. He even advocated women's equality.

</doc>
<doc id="21414327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414327" title="Auktyon">
Auktyon

Auktyon or АукцЫон () is a Russian avant-garde rock band from Saint Petersburg, Russia. 
The band was founded by Leonid Fyodorov and Oleg Garkusha at the Polytechnic Institute of Leningrad. Though they originally played post-punk and new wave, the group came to be influenced by European and Central Asian folk music, the poetry of Russian futurist Velimir Khlebnikov, and aspects of Russian high culture and literature. 
Auktyon was particularly popular from 1987 through 1995, but became less active in the late 1990s when Fyodorov began to produce records for Leningrad. The group continues to play together and to release new albums. They toured the United States in 2006 in support of their first US release, the album "Pioneer". The group returned to the US in 2008 when they released the album "Girls Sing."

</doc>
<doc id="21414337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414337" title="Realms of Horror">
Realms of Horror

Realms of Horror is a "supermodule" compiled from the S–series of "Dungeons & Dragons" modules, which were four distinct "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" 1st edition adventure modules, designed for use by Dungeon Masters as pre-made scenarios that are ready to be played with minimal preparation.
Plot summary.
"Realms of Horror" contains four scenarios complied from modules S1 through S4, which have been slightly revised to form a connected campaign.
Publication history.
The "S," standing for "Special," in the series' name is the first part of the alphanumeric code used to indicate related modules. The four S–series modules were released over the four-year period between 1978 and 1982.
S1-4 "Realms of Horror" was written by Gary Gygax and Lawrence Schick with Wm. John Wheeler, with a cover by Larry Elmore, and was published by TSR in 1987 as an 80-page book, a 48-page art booklet, a 16-page map booklet, and an outer folder.
Reception.
All four of the modules were in "Dungeon's" 2004 article, "The 30 Greatest D&D Adventures of All Time"

</doc>
<doc id="21414416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414416" title="All-time Columbus Crew roster">
All-time Columbus Crew roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for the Columbus Crew since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never appeared in a game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance, as well as those who solely appeared for the Crew in an MLS Reserve League match as a rostered member of the team, are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21414463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414463" title="List of paintings by Hans Holbein the Younger">
List of paintings by Hans Holbein the Younger

Hans Holbein the Younger ("c". 1497–1543) was a German artist and printmaker who worked in a Northern Renaissance style. He is best known as one of the greatest portraitists of the 16th century. He also made a significant contribution to the history of book design, and produced religious art, satire, and Reformation propaganda. 
Born in Augsburg, Holbein worked mainly in Basel as a young artist, painting murals and religious works and drawing designs for stained glass and printed books. He produced the occasional portrait, and made his international mark with portraits of the famous humanist Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam. When the Reformation reached Basel, Holbein produced works for reformist clients while continuing to serve traditional religious patrons. His late-Gothic style was influenced by artistic trends in Italy, France and the Netherlands, as well as by Renaissance Humanism, resulting in a combined aesthetic that was uniquely his own. 
Holbein travelled to England in 1526 in search of work, armed with a recommendation from Erasmus. He was welcomed into the humanist circle of Thomas More, where he soon built a high reputation. After returning to Basel for four years, in 1532 he resumed his career in England, where he worked for Anne Boleyn and Thomas Cromwell, and was appointed King's Painter to Henry VIII. In this role, he produced designs for jewellery, plate, and other precious objects, as well as for festive decorations. His portraits of the king and his family and courtiers provide a vivid record of a brilliant court, during a momentous period when Henry was assuming power as the Supreme Head of the English church.

</doc>
<doc id="21414468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414468" title="General Electric CF700">
General Electric CF700

The General Electric CF700 (military designation TF37) is a turbofan development of the CJ610. The CF700 has an uncommon rear-mounted fan connected directly to the low-pressure turbine blade for improved fuel economy.

</doc>
<doc id="21414511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414511" title="Trade Centre Wales">
Trade Centre Wales

The Trade Centre Wales is a used car sales company located in Neath, Wales just off the M4. The claim that they are the suppliers of 'Probably the UKs Cheapest Cars'.
Advertising.
The company are well known around South Wales for their adverts heard on 96.4 The Wave, 102.1 Bay Radio, Real Radio and 106.3 Bridge FM. The adverts are recorded by Mike Doyle and feature fictional characters including 'Trevor' and 'Mario from Maesteg'. One advert featured the fictional character Trevor (voiced by Doyle) repeatedly singing the lyrics "Cars for a pound" over the tune of William Tell. Their adverts have a comedy feel to them. At the end of each advert a jingle is played, with the lyrics 'Trade Centre Wales, We've got the car for you' followed by Trevor saying 'Tell them Trevor sent you'. These advertisements won an award in the Commercial Radio Station Creative category at the annual Arqiva Commercial Radio Awards. The voice of Trevor was created by Swansea Bay Radio which helped to promote the company. The company had negative feedback about their advertisements at first, stating that people felt they were making fun of local accents.
The Part Exchange Outlet.
The Trade Centre Wales Merthyr Part Exchange Outlet is the budget arm of The Trade Centre Wales business. Supplying cars from £1999 to £3999. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414518" title="Dick Pierson">
Dick Pierson

Edmund Dana "Dick" Pierson (October 24, 1857 to July 20, 1922) was a Major League Baseball second baseman. Pierson played for the New York Metropolitans in . In 3 career games, he had 1 hit in 9 at-bats. It is not known with what hand he batted, but he threw right-handed.
Pierson was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania and died in Newark, New Jersey. His brother, Dave Pierson, also played baseball for the Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="21414520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414520" title="Bidone d'oro">
Bidone d'oro

Bidone d'Oro, Italian for the "Golden Bin" or "Golden Trashcan", is a tongue-in-cheek prize given to the most disappointing player in Serie A at the end of each calendar year. A play on Ballon d'Or, the European Footballer of the Year award, the winner is chosen through votes by listeners of the "Catersport" show on Rai Radio 2. The prize was first awarded in 2003 to Rivaldo of Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="21414543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414543" title="Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1955 film)">
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1955 film)

Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (USA: "Snow White", ) is a 1955 German film, directed by Erich Kobler, based on the story of Schneewittchen by the Brothers Grimm.
Production.
Neuschwanstein Castle, in Bavaria, Germany was use as a film set.
The Seven Dwarfs were all played by children from children's dance group led by Suse Böhm.
DVD release.
In 2007, "Schneewittchen" was released on DVD in Germany. The film was also part of five DVD boxset, which contained other classic live-action German fairytale films made in the 1950s.
In 2003, the American English-dubbed DVD version was released officially in the United States by Catcom Home Video/Krb Music and then re-issued in 2007. PR Studios then re-issued the DVD in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21414557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414557" title="Southey">
Southey

Southey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21414570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414570" title="Unsterblich">
Unsterblich

Unsterblich ("Immortal") is the eighth studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The band has stated dissatisfaction with the cover, which is a photo by Johann Zambryski.[http://www.dietotenhosen.de/en/veroeffentlichungen_backkatalog_remastered_unsterblich.php] This album is considered overall one of the more peaceful and quiet DTH albums, although there are some loud songs on the album.
Singles.
1999: "Schön sein"<br>
2000: "Unsterblich"<br>
2000: "Bayern"<br>
2000: "Warum werde ich nicht satt?"
Demos.
Two unreleased demos from the album surfaced in 2007 with the re-release of main DTH albums.

</doc>
<doc id="21414580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414580" title="Brynn Carman">
Brynn Carman

Brynn Carman (born November 26, 1994) is an American pair skater. With Chris Knierim, she placed ninth at the 2009 World Junior Championships. 
Career.
Carman began skating with Chris Knierim in February 2006. Dalilah Sappenfield coached the pair at the World Ice Arena in Colorado Springs, Colorado. After winning the junior silver medal at the 2009 U.S. Championships, the two were selected to compete at the 2009 World Junior Championships. They placed ninth at the event in Sofia, Bulgaria. They announced the end of their partnership on April 9, 2009. 
Carman teamed up with A. J. Reiss in spring 2009. They were coached by Peter Oppegard in Artesia, California. The pair finished 13th at the 2010 World Junior Championships in The Hague, Netherlands. Their partnership ended in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21414599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414599" title="Schinderhannes (genus)">
Schinderhannes (genus)

Schinderhannes bartelsi is an anomalocarid known from one specimen from the lower Devonian Hunsrück Slates. Its discovery was astonishing because previously, anomalocaridids were known only from exceptionally well-preserved fossil beds (Lagerstätten) from the Cambrian, 100 million years earlier.
Anomalocaridids, such as "Anomalocaris", were organisms thought to be distantly related to the arthropods. These creatures looked quite unlike any organism living today—they had segmented exoskeletons, with lateral lobes used for swimming, typically large compound eyes, often set on stalks, and most strikingly, a pair of large, claw-like great appendages that resembled headless shrimp. These appendages are thought to have passed food to the animal's mouth, which resembled a ring of pineapple.
Discovery.
The single specimen was discovered in the Eschenbach-Bocksberg Quarry in Bundenbach, and is named after the outlaw Schinderhannes who frequented the area. Its specific epithet "bartelsi" honours Christoph Bartels, a Hunsrück Slate expert. The specimen is now housed in the Naturhistorisches Museum, Mainz.
Morphology.
"Schinderhannes" is about long; like other anomalocaridids, it bears a pair of great appendages (very similar to those of "Hurdia"), a radial "Peytoia" 'pineapple-ring' mouth, and large, stalked, compound eyes. It has 12 body segments; large flap-like structures used for swimming protrude from the 11th segment, and from just behind the head.
Ecology.
The preserved contents of its digestive tract are typical of those of other predators', and this lifestyle is supported by the raptor-like nature of the spiny great appendages and the size of the eyes. The organism was clearly a competent swimmer, propelling itself with the 'flippers' attached to its head, and using its wing-like lobes on the 11th segment to steer. These lobes presumably derived from the lateral lobes of Cambrian anomalocaridids, ancestors that used lobes along their sides to swim, and lacked the specializations of "Schinderhannes".
Significance.
The organism allows the classification of early arthropods to be resolved, to some degree. The organism is classified basally to the true arthropods, but is closer to that group than "Anomalocaris". By analogy, "Schinderhannes" could be thought of as an 'aunt' to the arthropods, and "Anomalocaris" a 'great-aunt'. This suggests that the anomalocaridid group is in fact paraphyletic—that is, that the arthropods are descended from anomalocaridids. It also seems to suggest that the biramous limb of arthropods arose through fusion of anomalocaridid lateral lobes and gills. The fossil has other implications—it shows that the group of early arthropods with short 'great appendages' are not a natural grouping.
The organism's discovery was most significant because of the huge range extension of the anomalocaridids it caused: the group was only previously known from lagerstatte of the lower-to-middle Cambrian, 100 million years before. This underlined the utility of lagerstatte like the Hunsrück slate: these exceptionally preserved fossil horizons may be the only available opportunity to observe non-mineralised forms.

</doc>
<doc id="21414602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414602" title="List of lakes in Indiana">
List of lakes in Indiana

This is a list of lakes in the U.S. state of Indiana. The lakes are ordered by their unique names, "(i.e. Lake Indiana or Indiana Lake would both be listed under "I").
E.
Driftwood Lake
S.
Sylvan Lake, Noble Co.
Y.
jason

</doc>
<doc id="21414631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414631" title="Richard Tyler (architect)">
Richard Tyler (architect)

Richard Michael Townsend Tyler (9 November 1916 – 13 January 2009) was an English architect who was notable for his restoration work on large private houses after the Second World War, which allowed families to own more manageable homes while remaining sympathetic to their original designs.
Early life and military career.
Tyler was born in Ceylon in 1916, where his father was an officer in the colonial police. At the age of seven he was sent to Bath in England to live with an aunt of his mother. As a child he was educated at Charterhouse where he became captain of the rifle Eight. Showing a flair for drawing he was awarded a place at the Bristol School of Architecture.
In 1937, while holidaying in Germany, he was bullied by a group of people in an attempt to make him throw stones at a synagogue. This event led Tyler to believe that a war with Nazi Germany was inevitable and he signed up for military service once war was declared. Although Tyler was unfit for service due to poor eyesight and hearing, he still managed to be accepted and joined the Royal Engineers. He was assigned to the 7th Armoured Division's Support Group under the command of Brigadier John Charles Campbell. In 1941, as part of Operation Crusader, Tyler was injured in the defence of the Sidi Rezegh airfield. While trying to move a munitions truck, Tyler was struck in the thigh by shrapnel from a German tank. By the time he reached Cairo, the wound was gangrenous and his leg was amputated.
Return to England and practice as an architect.
On returning to England, after convalescing in South Africa, he discovered that his father had remarried; Tyler had only heard of his mother's death shortley before seeing action in Africa. His stepmother, Madeleine Allhusen, was the former wife of Sir Geoffrey Congreve, and Tyler married one of her daughters, Henrietta in 1944. His stepmother inherited Brahan Castle in Dingwall, Scotland, but the property was full of dry rot and beyond fiscal repair. Tyler used gelignite to demolish the Victorian additions to the building to leave a purposeful ruin; while converting outhouses into living quarters on the estate.
Tyler set up an architects' practice in London with fellow war veteran Tom Bird. The two had met in a Cairo hospital having been wounded on the same day. Although the partners tended to work on separate projects, they sometimes made joint reconstructions. A notable joint venture was Hall Barn near Beaconsfield for Lord Burham, in which the architects stripped the house back, removing Victorian additions to revert the building to a state resembling its original form.
Other works by Tyler included reconstruction to Forde Abbey in Dorset, Salisbury Cathedral, Levens Hall in Cumbria and Knebworth House in Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21414635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414635" title="Play On (John Miles album)">
Play On (John Miles album)

Play On is the sixth solo album by John Miles in 1983. EMI promised that Miles would use a top producer and top session musicians for his second album for EMI.
Eventually they chose Gus Dudgeon who had worked with artists like Elton John, Chris Rea and Elkie Brooks. Originally, the album was planned to be released in 1982, but because Dudgeon was not available at the time, the release was delayed.
It was also the first time that drummer Barry Black and bassist Bob Marshall were not used on the album. (Although Marshall still wrote the songs with Miles) Instead they were replaced by session musicians.
"The Right to Sing" was the first single released from the album and was written about the fact that record companies wanted to decide which songs Miles had to release and which direction he had to take.
"That's Rock 'n' Roll" was left off the album, because it was too different and was released as a B-side. 
Tracklisting.
All songs written by Bob Marshall and John Miles

</doc>
<doc id="21414693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414693" title="Warren Hill">
Warren Hill

Warren Hill may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="21414696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414696" title="Adrian Capes">
Adrian Capes

Adrian Capes (18 April 1873 – 29 September 1955), was an English footballer. A forward, he scored a total of 135 goals in 340 league and FA Cup games in a 17-year career with Nottingham Forest, Burton Wanderers, Burton Swifts, Burslem Port Vale, and Stoke. He also played cricket for Staffordshire in the 1900 Minor Counties Cricket Championship. After retiring in 1911, he worked behind the scenes at Port Vale from 1911 to 1934. His brother, Arthur, was also a professional footballer.
Football career.
Capes was born in Burton upon Trent and began his career at Second Division club Burton Wanderers, along with his brother Arthur. He and his brother formed a formidable partnership in two seasons with Burton, scoring 66 goals between them. Their efforts helped to bring the club to within four points of champions Liverpool in 1895–96.
This brought the attention of bigger clubs and they both signed for First Division side Nottingham Forest in August 1896. Only Arthur made any impact at the club, whilst Adrian fell out of the first team picture. He scored seven goals in 29 top-flight games in 1896–97, before returning to his hometown the next season with Burton Swifts, back in the Second Division. He made little impact for the Swifts, and featured just once in the 1898–99 season.
Capes signed with Burslem Port Vale in November 1900. He scored 11 goals in 25 matches in the 1900–01 season, ending as the club's top-scorer. He played every league game in the 1901–02 campaign, claiming 14 league and three FA Cup goals. He missed just the one league game in the 1902–03 season, claiming 18 goals throughout the campaign. He bagged two hat-tricks: in a 4–0 win over Stockport County at Edgeley Park on 13 December, and in a 5–1 win over Lincoln City at the Athletic Ground on 24 January. Capes scored 17 goals in the 1903–04 campaign, to finish as the club's top-scorer for the fourth season in a row. However he found the net just four times in his 30 league games in the 1904–05 season, as the Vale struggled in front of goal. He opened the 1905–06 season with just two goals (both against Chesterfield) in 12 league games, and was transferred to nearby Stoke in November 1905, after receiving a recommendation from his brother who had a good two-year spell at the Victoria Ground.
Capes played six First Division matches for Stoke without scoring in the 1905–06 season. He played 13 matches in the 1906–07 campaign, and claimed goals against Everton and Notts County, but left in February 1907 with Stoke heading towards relegation.
After almost two years out of the game, he rejoined phoenix club Port Vale, who were competing in the North Staffordshire & District League, in December 1908. He suffered a knee injury in March 1910 and never really recovered, retiring in the summer of 1911. He had scored 15 goals in 33 league games in his second spell at the club, and won the Staffordshire Junior Cup in 1910. Upon his retirement from playing, Capes served Port Vale as a trainer from 1911 to 1919, and remained in the Vale back-room team until his full retirement in May 1934.
Family.
His younger brother, Arthur, played won the FA Cup in 1898 with Nottingham Forest, and also played for Stoke, as well as playing once for England in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="21414725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414725" title="Charles Fecher">
Charles Fecher

Charles Fecher ( November 1, 1917 – January 19, 2012) was an American author and editor who is best known for his works about Jacques Maritain and H.L. Mencken. Fecher also wrote about issues concerning the Catholic Church. He won awards from the Catholic Press Association in 1977 and 1978 for his weekly column entitled "Books in Review" that appeared in the Baltimore Catholic Review.
Fecher was born in Baltimore, Maryland to Adam and Elizabeth Fecher. He married Muriel Burmeister in 1953. The couple had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21414728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414728" title="Wictor Esbensen">
Wictor Esbensen

Wictor Esbensen (11 March 1881 – 29 January 1942) was a Norwegian mariner known for exploring the Antarctic region together with his father-in-law Carl Anton Larsen, looking to make a living from whaling. He was killed when his ship was sunk in World War II.
Early life.
Esbensen was born in Vadsø as the son of Peder Esbensen, born 1844, and his wife Karen, born 1849. Both his parents died in 1897 after which he was adopted by the Larsen family and went to live in Sandefjord. In 1907 in Ullern he married Elvina Larsen from Sandefjord, who was the daughter of ship-owner and whaler Carl Anton Larsen. The couple settled to live in Bærum, and had six children.
Career.
Esbensen was educated as a first mate and shipmaster after leaving middle school. He was among the original founding party of Grytviken, South Georgia along with Carl Anton Larsen. Esbensen was a manager for Compañía Argentina de Pesca, which organized the building of Grytviken, the first land-based whaling station in Antarctica put into operation on 24 December 1904. Esbensen Bay is named after him.
Around the outbreak of World War II, Esbensen took over as Captain of the ship SS "Bjørnvik". The ship escaped the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940, having arrived in Methil on 3 April, and continued in service in and around the United Kingdom. On the morning of 27 January 1942, the ship was en route from Newport to Fowey with a cargo of patent fuel, and had joined a convoy. However, due to bad weather the ship lost its convoy in the evening the same day, and in the afternoon the next day it was suddenly attacked and sunk by German aircraft outside of Falmouth. The ship being hit by five bombs, she sank in half a minute. Most of its crew perished, including Esbensen. His date of death was given as 29 February. Only the first mate, a stoker and a gunner survived.

</doc>
<doc id="21414730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414730" title="Euphorbia glauca">
Euphorbia glauca

Euphorbia glauca, known by the common names of waiūatua, waiū-o-Kahukura, New Zealand sea spurge or shore spurge, is a coastal plant endemic to New Zealand.
The plant is listed in the New Zealand Threat Classification System as in "Serious decline" although the population of the species experiences extreme fluctuations.

</doc>
<doc id="21414740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414740" title="LaFee discography">
LaFee discography

The discography of LaFee, a German pop rock singer, consists of four studio albums, fourteen singles, one best of and three music DVDs on Capitol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21414771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414771" title="Michael Berland">
Michael Berland

Michael J. (“Mike”) Berland (born April 6, 1968) is CEO of Edelman Berland and the former President of the market research and polling firm Penn, Schoen & Berland. He is also co-author of "What Makes You Tick? How Successful People Do It—And What You Can Learn from Them" (HarperCollins, May 2009) with his PSB partner Douglas Schoen. Berland has served as strategic advisor to political leaders including Michael Bloomberg and Hillary Clinton and leading companies such as RIM/Blackberry. For the 2008-2009 season, Berland was the head of communications for the National Hockey League (NHL).
Education.
Michael Berland attended The Latin School of Chicago and graduated magna cum laude from the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he was a Commonwealth Scholar. He received his initial training at the Social and Demographic Research Institute.
Penn Schoen Berland.
In his former role as president of PSB, Berland led global business development, building on PSB's client and research work in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Penn, Schoen & Berland was acquired by WPP in 2001.
Corporate Consulting.
Berland has developed research-based communications campaigns for leading brands, including RIM/Blackberry. As a partner at PSB, he helps his clients through competitive situations through the use of quantitative and qualitative research, image analysis, message development, and corporate and product positioning and targeting. Berland’s sports and entertainment clients include the National Hockey League (NHL), Major League Baseball(MLB), National Football League (NFL), and The Dixie Chicks.
Sports and Entertainment Work.
In 2003, Berland served as the Dixie Chicks’ political crisis consultant, advising the band amid its controversial criticism of President Bush. Berland had a cameo appearance in director Barbara Kopple’s documentary "Shut Up & Sing”, which followed the Dixie Chicks for three years during which they were under political attack and received death threats in response to their anti-Bush comment.
Just after the 2004 election, Berland and his partner Doug Schoen published a study in the LA Times, calling Super Bowl Sunday “the 11th national holiday” and the only true “uniter, not divider.” Their survey of 1,735 Americans found that Super Bowl watchers are football and non-football fans alike who plan further ahead for the event than they do for any other major holiday. 
In 2009, Berland served as the Director of Communications and Editorial for the NHL (National Hockey League). In his role, he was responsible for public relations and editorial content for the NHL across all media assets.
Political Campaigns.
Berland has worked with political candidates in the US and abroad. He served as strategic advisor to New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg in his 2001 and 2005 mayoral campaigns and led the targeting and direct mail effort for Hillary Clinton's 2006 Senate and 2008 Presidential campaigns.
In 2005, Berland and his partner Douglas Schoen led “the most ambitious polling of an electorate ever undertaken” during Bloomberg’s mayoral re-election campaign. Through their survey of hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers, the PSB team developed psychological portraits of city voters based on their shared interests and concerns, rather than their racial, cultural or ideological differences. The campaign then tailored mailings, electronic messages and prerecorded telephone calls to voters' specific interests. Michael Bloomberg beat Fernando Ferrer by 20 percentage points.
What Makes You Tick?
In May 2009, Berland and his partner Douglas Schoen released "What Makes You Tick? How Successful People Do It—And What You Can Learn from Them" (HarperCollins), analyzing how successful people found success in their chosen field. Through interviews with 50 leaders in a variety of fields, the authors found that each one of these high achievers fits into one of five “success archetypes” - ”Natural-Born Leaders,” “Independence Seekers,” “Visionaries”, “Do-Gooders”, and “Independents Who Follow Their Dreams”. The authors then argue that if you can identify your own success archetype, and learn how to leverage that archetype, you can harness your own strengths to achieve success.
Personal and Family.
Michael Berland lives outside New York City with his wife, and two children,Fancy. He is on the Board of Trustees at The Latin School of Chicago and chairs the Gotham chapter of the Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO) chapter in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21414772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414772" title="Welker White">
Welker White

Welker White is an American actress that has appeared in feature films, television series and stage theatre. White had a role in "The Wolf of Wall Street".

</doc>
<doc id="21414798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414798" title="Baltim">
Baltim

Baltim (  ) is a resort in Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate, in the north coast of Egypt.
Climate.
Baltim's climate is typical to the northern coastal line which is the most moderate in Egypt. It features a hot desert climate (Köppen: BWh), but prevailing winds from the Mediterranean Sea greatly moderate the temperatures, making its summers moderately hot and humid while its winters mild and moderately wet.
The hottest temperature recorded was in April 15, 1998 which was and the coldest temperature was on February 8, 2006 which was .
Port Said, Kosseir, Baltim, Damietta and Alexandria have the least temperature variation in Egypt, additionally, Rafah, Alexandria, Abu Qir, Rosetta, Baltim, Kafr el-Dawwar and Mersa Matruh are the wettest.

</doc>
<doc id="21414823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414823" title="Pat Sanders">
Pat Sanders

Pat Sanders (born, Neepawa, Manitoba) is a Canadian curler and world champion.
Championships.
Sanders became world champion in 1987 with the Canadian team. 
Her team won the 1987 Scott Tournament of Hearts, and reached the final in 1988, finishing second. 
In 2008, Sanders won the Canadian Senior Curling Championships, and won a gold medal for Canada at the 2009 World Senior Curling Championships.
She won the Canadian Seniors again in 2010 and another gold medal at the World Seniors in 2011.
She was inducted into the Canadian Curling Hall of Fame in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414834" title="New York State Division of Parole">
New York State Division of Parole

The New York State Division of Parole is the division of the government of New York responsible for parole.
In criminal justice systems, parole is the supervised release of a prisoner before the completion of his/her sentence. This differs from amnesty or commutation of sentence in that parolees are still considered to be serving their sentences, and may be returned to prison if they violate the conditions of their parole. Conditions of parole often include things such as obeying the law, reporting all encounters with police officers, refraining from drug and alcohol use, avoiding contact with the parolee's victims, obtaining employment, and maintaining required contacts with a parole officer.
Functions.
Parole Officers.
Public safety and community protection are best ensured when offenders who are returning to the community are aided, assisted and supervised by a professional parole officer. Parole officers work to develop a supervision plan for each releasee. They also assess and evaluate the adequacy of each releasee's community adjustment and intervene when the releasee's behavior threatens that adjustment. The parole officer, in consultation with his or her supervisor, determines when and under what circumstances delinquency action is warranted. The parole officer works to ensure that individuals released from prison by order of the Board of Parole and by statute live and remain at liberty in the community without violating the law.
Board of Parole.
The Board of Parole consists of up to 19 members. Each member is appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Senate for a six-year term. One member is designated by the Governor to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Division.
The Board determines which inmates serving indeterminate sentences in state prison may be released on Parole. The Executive Law (Section 259-i (2) (a)) requires the Board to personally interview inmates eligible for release. Inmates do not have the right to counsel at release interviews. The typical panel consists of two or three board members who are responsible for:
The Board sets conditions of release for inmates released on parole. In addition, it sets release conditions for inmates "conditionally released" to supervision by statute. These inmates earned time off their maximum sentence for good behavior. Sentencing reforms enacted in 1995 and 1998 change sentences for violent felony offenders. Violent offenders now receive determinant prison sentences and are released to parole supervision without appearing before the Board for release consideration. However, the Board still imposes conditions of release for these offenders.
Under Executive Law (Section 259-i (3) (f) (x)), the Board has the authority to revoke parole when it determines a releasee has violated the conditions of release "in an important respect." Board action may return the individual to State prison or impose other appropriate sanctions. In some cases, Board action has been delegated to Administrative Hearing Officers. Under the authority of the Board, the Division adjudicates due process violations.
All decisions of Board panels and Administrative Hearing Officers may be appealed. These appeals are made directly to the Parole Board. Also, the Board, at the Governor's request, interviews clemency applicants and makes recommendations to the Governor. The Board delegates its statutory authority to investigate requests to the Division's Executive Clemency Unit.
History of Parole in New York State.
In 1817, the nation's first "good time" law, rewarding prison inmates with time off their period of imprisonment for good behavior, was approved in New York State.
In 1876, New York State passed a system of "indeterminate" sentences setting a minimum and maximum term and permitting parole release of those who had served the minimum; those selected by prison officials for parole were required to report monthly to citizen volunteers known as "Guardians."
On July 1, 1930, the Division of Parole was established in the Executive Department. A full-time Board of Parole was created within the Division and given the responsibility, formerly held by the Department of Corrections, for decisions on parole releases from prisons. Jurisdiction over releases from training schools and correctional institutions for mentally disabled prisoners was added to the Parole Board's authority in 1945.
A 1967 law extended the Board's release authority to persons incarcerated in local reformatories, transferred the functions of the New York City Parole Commission to the New York State Division of Parole and gave the agency control over the conditional release of inmates under definite sentences.
In 1971, the Division of Parole was consolidated with the Department of Corrections to form the Department of Correctional Services (DOCS). In the wake of the Attica Prison riot and demands from the courts and other quarters that the procedural rights of parolees be protected, Parole in 1977 was again established as an autonomous agency within the Executive Department. The same reform act mandated adoption of formal release guidelines to eliminate any perception of arbitrariness.
A 1978 law made the Division of Parole responsible for the release decision for juveniles convicted of certain serious felonies and for their post-release community supervision. With the surge in incarcerations in the 1980s and 1990s, the Division of Parole expanded significantly, as did the array of substance abuse treatment and other services available to help releasees maintain a law-abiding life style.
The Sentencing Reform Act of 1998, commonly referred to as Jenna's Law, added a new dimension to the Division through the elimination of discretionary release for all violent felony offenders while mandating court-imposed periods of post-release supervision of 1.5 to 5 years that the offender must serve after completing the period of incarceration imposed by the court.
In April 2011, the Division of Parole was once again merged with the NYS Department of Correctional Services.

</doc>
<doc id="21414880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414880" title="High Lonesome (film)">
High Lonesome (film)

High Lonesome is a 1950 contemporary Western movie written and directed by Alan Le May. The film stars John Drew Barrymore (billed as "John Barrymore, Jr.") and features Chill Wills and Jack Elam.
Plot.
A boy is found stealing food at Horse Davis' ranch by Boatwhistle, the cook. Another rancher, Pat Farrell, who is engaged to Horse's daughter Abby, believes the boy to also be a horse thief and possibly worse.
Given the nickname Cooncat by the cook, the boy explains that he was wrongfully accused of murdering a man named Shell and has fled from the law. Shell owed him money, he says, and two strangers known as Smiling Man and Roper gave him a gun to confront Shell. He wound up unconscious and next to Shell's bullet-riddled body.
Horse doubts the boy's story, though youngest daughter Meagan believes it. At an engagement party for Pat and Abby, word comes that Pat's parents have been found murdered. A livid Pat is ready to hang Cooncat for the crime. Horse talks him out of it, creating a rift between the two old friends.
Smiling Man and Roper turn up in the bunkhouse. They laugh at Cooncat's predicament and call him their lucky charm. Boatwhistle is shot by Smiling Man, and just as Horse is about to be ambushed, Cooncat calls out to warn him and is wounded. Pat rides up just in time to save Horse's life. The two ranchers agree to take Cooncat under their wing.
Production.
John Drew Barrymore was the son of John Barrymore and the father of Drew Barrymore.

</doc>
<doc id="21414883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414883" title="Arboretum de Tigny-Noyelle">
Arboretum de Tigny-Noyelle

The Arboretum de Tigny-Noyelle is an arboretum located in Tigny-Noyelle, Pas-de-Calais, Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France. The arboretum was created in 2001 and now contains about 120 varieties of trees.

</doc>
<doc id="21414907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414907" title="Zetoceras">
Zetoceras

Zetoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the suborder Phylloceratina that lived during the Early and Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe, and is included in the (family) Phylloceratidae. 
"Zetoceras" has a compressed involute shell with a very small umbilicus. The suture is phylloid, as for the suborder,with tall primary sutural elements. Saddles commonly have tetraphyllic endings. "Zetoceras" is considered by some (Wright "et al" 1996) to be a sugenus of Phylloceras. The two are very similar except that the saddle endings in Phylloceras split in three rather than in four as in "Zetoceras".

</doc>
<doc id="21414951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414951" title="Wrightoceras">
Wrightoceras

Wrightoceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="21414957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414957" title="Waagenina">
Waagenina

Waagenina is an extinct genus of ammonite.

</doc>
<doc id="21414965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414965" title="Velebites">
Velebites

Velebites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.

</doc>
<doc id="21414972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414972" title="Dave McCleave">
Dave McCleave

David "Dave" Edward McCleave (24 December 1911 – May 1988) was an English boxer who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Battersea.
In 1932 he finished fourth in the welterweight class. He was not able to compete in the bronze medal bout against Bruno Ahlberg.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the welterweight class after winning the final against Dick Barton.
Dave was the owner of the Union Tavern pub Camberwell New Rd in the 50's.It was a boxing Pub where David Benjamin Gray was compare and Manager with his wife Irene Alice Gray.

</doc>
<doc id="21414973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414973" title="Uchtites">
Uchtites

Uchtites is an ammonoid cephalopod genus included in the anarcestid family Acanthoclymediidae that lived during the Devonian period. Its shell is lenticular, flat sided, with a tight umbilicus and sharp ventral keel bordered by weak nodules in adult specimens. The suture has a trifid ventral, rounded outer lateral, weak rounded inner lateral and wedge shaped dorsal lobe.
"Acanthoclymenia", "Gogocers", "Nordiceras", and "Ponticeras" are related genera. The type species is "Gephyroceras syrjanicum" Holzapfel, 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="21414977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414977" title="Ussurites">
Ussurites

Ussurites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the suborder Phylloceratina and is included in the family Ussuritidae. Its range is restricted to the early Middle Triassic, (Anisian)
As with the family, the shell of "Ussurites" is discoidal, evolute, and generally smooth. The suture is phylletic with divided lobes and simple, rounded, elongate saddles. The ventral lobe is bifurcated, the two branches sharply serrated. The two lateral lobes are asymmetrically trifurcated, sections sharply pointed. The first lateral saddle (closest to the venter) is fairly evenly rounded, the second and third are narrower and asymmetric, leaning away from the venter and toward the umbilicus. 
"Monophylites", which extends through the Middle Triassic into the Carnian is similar, differing in the details of the suture. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414979" title="Uralopronorites">
Uralopronorites

Uralopronorites is a very involute and smooth, medium sized, prolecanitid with a distinct furrow along the venter and closed umbilicus. The adult suture has 22 lobes in all, 18 of which, nine on either side, are umbilical. 
"Uralopronorites" comes from the Upper Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian equivalent) of Kazakhstan. It is an ammonite. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414980" title="Uraloclymenia">
Uraloclymenia

Uraloclymenia is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Late Devonian, Famennian stage. The type species is "Uraloclymenia volkovi" Bogoslovskii, 1977
The shell of "Uranloclymenia" is lenticular, with a narrow umbilicus and usually free of ribs. Constrictions are absent. The suture has a very broad, shallow ventral lobe, a shallowly rounded lateral lobe, an inconspicuous umbilical lobe inside the umbilical seam, and an internal lobe on the dorsum. As for all clymeniids, the siphuncle is along the dorsum. 

</doc>
<doc id="21414986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21414986" title="Catahoula Lake">
Catahoula Lake

Catahoula Lake is a large freshwater lake located in La Salle Parish and Rapides Parish of central Louisiana, United States.
Catahoula Lake is the largest natural freshwater lake in the state covering just over . It is owned by the State of Louisiana and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. 
Catahoula is a shallow, and poorly drained wetland supported by the Little River and several creeks. It was drained by the Old River, French Fork and a number of bayous until several flood control projects changed the lake's drainage characteristics.
It is known as the largest moist soil unit in North America and supports a variety of waterfowl including geese, duck, and wading birds and is a recreational area for hunting, fishing, hiking, sight seeing, and bird watching.

</doc>
<doc id="21415008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415008" title="Paradeshayesites">
Paradeshayesites

Paradeshayesites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass.
Biostratigraphic significance.
The International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) has assigned the First Appearance Datum of "Paradeshayesites oglanlensis" as the defining biological marker for the start of the Aptian Stage of the Cretaceous, ~125.0 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="21415030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415030" title="Bert Eardley">
Bert Eardley

Bertram Cooper "Bert" Eardley (1879–1929) was an English footballer. He made 220 appearances (148 in the Football League) and scored 40 goals (14 in the Football League) for Port Vale over about ten seasons with the club. He established himself as a regular first team player, but had spells of inconsistency which left him out of the side for large periods. Ever the loyal Valiant, it is believed he did not join another team in 1907 when the club suffered financial meltdown and liquidation, instead he re-signed in December 1908 and went straight into the first team. He left for good in the summer of 1910.
Playing career.
Eardley joined Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1899, scoring on his debut on 10 February 1900 in a 1–1 draw with Luton Town at Dunstable Road. He did not feature again in the 1899–1900 season, though he did score seven goals in 30 games in 1900–01, including the only goal against Woolwich Arsenal at the Athletic Ground on the last day of the season. He played just seven Second Division games in 1901–02, before hitting seven goals in 25 league games in 1902–03. He played 37 league and cup games in 1903–04, scoring three goals. Eardley hit four goals in 19 appearances in 1904–05, before scoring just one goal in 17 appearances in 1905–06. He scored once in 30 games in 1906–07, and did not join another team in 1907 when the club suffered financial meltdown and liquidation. Instead he re-signed in December 1908 and went straight into the first team, before he left for good in the summer of 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="21415032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415032" title="Netgear WGR614L">
Netgear WGR614L

The WGR614L (also known as the WGR614v8) is an 802.11b/g wireless network router created by NETGEAR. It was officially launched on June 30, 2008. The WGR614L runs an open source linux firmware and supports the installation of third party packages such as DD-WRT, Tomato, and OpenWrt.
Applications.
The WGR614L is designed to be used in home or business environments. It is often used in connection with third-party firmware and solutions, such as SputnikNet and Titan Hotspots. The router can also be used as a wireless client bridge (utilizing OpenWrt firmware) and as a wireless repeater bridge (using DD-WRT firmware).

</doc>
<doc id="21415038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415038" title="Mordechai Kedar">
Mordechai Kedar

__NOTOC__
Mordechai Kedar (, ; born 1952 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli scholar of Arabic literature and a lecturer at Bar-Ilan University. He holds the Ph.D. from Bar-Ilan University.
Kedar is an academic expert on the Israeli Arab population. He served for twenty-five years in IDF Military Intelligence, where he specialized in Islamic groups, the political discourse of Arab countries, the Arabic press and mass media, and the Syrian domestic arena. The "Los Angeles Times"' Edmund Sanders described him as "one of the few Arabic-speaking Israeli pundits seen on Arabic satellite channels defending Israel".
Kedar said in June 2008 that "Jerusalem belongs to the Jews, period" and also said that Jerusalem was not mentioned in the Qur'an.

</doc>
<doc id="21415045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415045" title="Fred Stamps">
Fred Stamps

Fred Stamps (born December 10, 1981 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a Canadian football slotback for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He was originally signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at UL Lafayette.
Stamps has also been a member of the Jacksonville Jaguars and Baltimore Ravens.
College career.
Fred Stamps played for the Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns from 2000 till 2003. Stamps also played track and field and baseball.
Professional career.
NFL.
In 2004 Fred Stamps was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent. Following his release by the 49ers, Stamps spent time on the practice squads for both the Baltimore Ravens and the Jacksonville Jaguars.
CFL.
Fred Stamps decided to sign with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. In the 2007 CFL season Stamps played in nine games (he missed five games because of appendectomy surgery). The following year Fred Stamps played in 14 games amassing 751 receiving yards and 6 touchdowns. In the 2009 CFL season played all 18 games and recorded 1,402 yards and 8 touchdowns. In 2010 Stamps once again suffered an injury this time injuring his shoulder. He missed 4 games but still had a great year statistically, collecting 1,223 yards and 5 touchdowns. Stamps added a third consecutive 1,000 yard season in the 2011 campaign, amassing 1,153 yards and 8 touchdowns on 82 receptions; despite missing a couple of weeks because of a serious injury to his testicles. In the off-season the Eskimos traded away franchise QB Ricky Ray. Stamps played in all 18 games of the regular season and finished 2nd in receiving yards with 1,310 and 4th in receiving TDs with 9. Stamps lead the league in receiving yards in the 2013 season with 1,259 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="21415048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415048" title="Dick Barton (boxer)">
Dick Barton (boxer)

Richard "Dick" Walter Barton (22 November 1911 – 29 June 1990) was a South African boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Germiston and died in Johannesburg.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the welterweight class after losing his bout to the upcoming gold medalist Edward Flynn.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the welterweight class after losing the final to Dave McCleave.

</doc>
<doc id="21415063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415063" title="Justitia civilis">
Justitia civilis

Justitia civilis or ""things external"" is defined by Christian theologians as the class of acts in which fallen man retains his ability to perform both good and evil moral acts. This means that he can be kind and just, and fulfill his social duties in a manner to secure the approbation of his fellow-men. It is not meant that the state of mind in which these acts are performed, or the motives by which they are determined, are such as to meet the approbation of an infinitely God; but simply that these acts, as to the matter of them, are prescribed by the moral law.

</doc>
<doc id="21415075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415075" title="Arboretum du Mas du Rouquet">
Arboretum du Mas du Rouquet

The Arboretum du Mas du Rouquet is an arboretum located in Pégairolles-de-l'Escalette, Hérault, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It contains trees including "Abies alba", "Acer platanoides", "Buxus sempervirens", "Carpinus betulus", "Cedrus atlantica", "Fraxinus excelsior", "Pinus laricio", "Pinus nigra austriaca", "Pinus sylvestris", "Populus alba", and "Ulmus campestris". 

</doc>
<doc id="21415097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415097" title="American Century (disambiguation)">
American Century (disambiguation)

American Century is a term used by some historians to refer to the 20th Century. 
American Century may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21415185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415185" title="Rems Umeasiegbu">
Rems Umeasiegbu

Rems Nnayelugo Umeasiegbu (1943) is a Nigerian writer. 
Biography.
He was born in 1943 in Aba, south-eastern Nigeria. He attended College of Immaculate Conception, Enugu. In 1966, he proceeded to England for further studies. After spending a year in England, he got a scholarship to study at the "Sedmnáctého listopadu", Prague. While in Prague, he wrote the seminal work "The way we lived", which is a chronicle of folk tales from pre colonial Nigeria.
He graduated with a Masters degree in Mass Communication and proceeded to the United States for a Doctorate Degree in Oral Literature. He was awarded a PhD from the University of Pennsylvania in 1974. he moved to the Grambling State University, Louisiana where he was an assistant professor. At Louisiana he wrote the work of fiction "Mazi Amesi", a fictional account of an African slave. In 1976, at the request of the Nigerian government, he returned to Nigeria. He married Virgy Anakwenze, a school teacher in 1976. Back in Nigeria, he worked at the Federal Ministry of Information, Lagos as an information officer with responsibilities for organising the festival of black arts and culture, FESTAC '77.
He left Lagos for a teaching appointment at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, where he was a colleague of the renowned writer Chinua Achebe. He left the University of Nigeria in 1978, for the Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu, where he rose to be the deputy head of the institution. Upon the creation of Anambra State, Umeasiegbu joined the newly formed Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, as one of the pioneer staff of the English language and literature department. he was made a professor of oral literature in 2001. Throughout his teaching career, Dr Umeasiegbu remained an avid writer, publishing some 35 books in a course of his career. He retired in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21415205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415205" title="Valerie, Lady Meux">
Valerie, Lady Meux

Valerie Susan, Lady Meux, (1847 – 1910) was a Victorian socialite and the wife of Sir Henry Meux, 3rd Baronet (1856 - 1900), a London brewer.
Valerie Langdon married Henry Meux (pronounced "Mews") in secret and in haste on 27 August 1878. He was the son of Sir Henry Meux, 2nd Baronet, and succeeded his father in the title in 1883. She claimed to have worked as an actress before her marriage but many believed she had worked under the name Val Reece at the Casino de Venise in Holborn. There was some suggestion that she had been a prostitute.
Whistler.
James Abbott McNeill Whistler painted three portraits of Lady Meux in 1881. The portraits were the first full-scale commissions to be given to Whistler following the notorious Ruskin trial which had left him financially bankrupt. "Harmony in Pink and Grey: Portrait of Lady Meux" currently belongs to the Frick Collection in New York City, "Arrangement in Black: Lady Meux" belongs to the Honolulu Museum of Art while the third portrait, "Portrait of Lady Meux in Furs", is believed to have been destroyed by Whistler after he became outraged over a comment made to him by Lady Meux during a sitting.
Married life.
Never accepted by her husband's family or by polite society, she was a flamboyant and controversial figure, who was given to driving herself around London in a high phaeton, drawn by a pair of zebras. With Sir Henry, their house at Theobalds in Hertfordshire was lavishly improved and enlarged; additions included a swimming pool and an indoor roller skating rink. In 1887, at Lady Meux's request, the dismantled Temple Bar was purchased from the City of London Corporation, transported to Hertfordshire and carefully rebuilt as a new gateway to the estate. She often entertained in the gateway's upper chamber; guests included the Prince of Wales and Winston Churchill. Sir Henry died in 1900, without issue.
Interests.
Lady Meux owned a string of race horses, racing them under the assumed name of Mr Theobolds. As an owner she was not greatly successful, but she won the Sussex Stakes with "Ardeshir" in 1897. She was also a noted collector of ancient Egyptian artifacts; the legendary Egyptologist Wallis Budge, published a catalogue of more than 1,700 of her items including 800 scarabs and amulets; he dedicated his "The Book of Paradise" to her. She tried to leave the collection to the British Museum but the trustees declined the bequest and it was sold. She also acquired five illustrated Ethiopic manuscripts, and Budge published a colored facsimile of them. On finding that they were revered by the Ethiopians, she left them in her will to the Emperor Menelik; the courts set aside this provision to keep them in Britain - and they were sold to William Randolph Hearst, of California.
The Boer War.
During the Second Boer War, the early British reverses had made headline news, and the defence of Ladysmith had made a particular impression on Lady Meux. On hearing of the landing of naval guns for the Battle of Ladysmith, she had ordered, at her own expense, six naval 12-pounders on special field carriages made by Armstrongs of Elswick. The guns were sent direct to Lord Roberts in South Africa, because they had been refused by the War Office. They were known as the "Elswick Battery", and were manned by the 101st (Northumbrian) Regiment Royal Artillery (Volunteers). The battery was in action several times, including the Second Battle of Silkaatsnek.
Sir Hedworth Lambton.
When Sir Hedworth Lambton, (the commander of the Naval Brigade at Ladysmith) returned to England, he called on Lady Meux at Theobalds to thank her for her gift and recount his adventures. She was so taken with him that she made him the chief beneficiary of her will, on condition that he change his surname to Meux (she was without direct heirs). When she died on 20 December 1910, he willingly changed his name by Royal Warrant and inherited the Hertfordshire estate and a substantial interest in the Meux Brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="21415207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415207" title="Koret Foundation">
Koret Foundation

The Koret Foundation, along with the Koret Fund, is a private foundation based in San Francisco, California. The foundation was organized in 1978 by Joseph and Stephanie Koret, along with Tad Taube, their family friend and Chief Executive Officer of their women's sportswear company, Koret of California, Inc. The foundation, endowed initially with the Korets' clothing fortune, primarily supports education, arts, hunger and nutrition and culture, and Jewish causes in the San Francisco Bay Area, and economic development in the state of Israel.
History.
Joseph Koret, Russian-American Jew, was born in 1900 and immigrated to the United States the next year. He grew up poor in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Koret moved to San Francisco at age 17, began working for his father's men's clothing company, and soon married his first wife, Stephanie Shapiro. In 1937 the two founded Koret of California. The company's greatest success arose from its invention in 1961 of Koratron, a new process for permanent press fabrics that was widely adopted in the clothing industry, eventually earning patent license revenues from more than 400 manufacturers that were far greater than the company's clothing sales.
Due to a series of unsuccessful corporate acquisitions the company was near bankruptcy in 1973, when the Korets convinced their friend, Tad Taube, to take over as CEO. Taube began increasing their fortune through further company growth and successful real estate investment. In the late 1970s Taube convinced the Korets, who had no children, to donate their estate to charity. Stephanie Koret died in 1978. After a series of expansions, divestitures, and a public offering, Koret of California was sold in 1979 to its first patent licensee, Levi Strauss Company. The company was spun off by Levi's in a LBO in 1986, and after further corporate changes is now an Oakland, California-based subsidiary of Kellwood Company, distributing mid-priced clothing to department stores throughout the United States.
Joseph Koret married a second time to his then-nurse Susan. They ran the foundation together with Taube until Joseph Koret's death in 1982, at which time Susan Koret became chairperson for life. 
The foundation's assets grew from $172 million in 1990 to approximately $400 million in 2008.
Programs.
http://www.nhu.edu/news_events/press_releases/koret_fndtn_12709.htm

</doc>
<doc id="21415243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415243" title="Kalikst Morawski">
Kalikst Morawski

Kalikst von Morawski (1859 – after 17 September 1939) was a Polish chess master.
Born in a village Boryszkowce ("Боришківці"), Galicia (then Austria-Hungary, next Poland, now Ukraine), he studied law in the Lviv University from 1877 to 1884. He moved to Stanislau in 1893, and lived there until 1914, working in the state treasure's office. Soon after World War I had broken out, he went to Vienna. In 1915, he came back to Stanislau, and then settled in Lemberg (Lwów, Lviv). After the war, he became an honorary president of the Lviv Chess Club. He died probably during the Soviet occupation of Lviv (1939–1941) or his exile to Siberia. 
He took 2nd, behind Ignatz von Popiel, at Lviv 1895, drew a match with Max Judd (+4 –4 =0) and defeated Alexander Halprin (+7 –2 =1), both at Vienna 1896. Later, during the war, he played casual games at the Café Central in Vienna, among others with Rudolf Spielmann, Richard Réti, Adolf Albin, and Heinrich Wolf, in Autumn 1914. He took 2nd, behind Ernst Grünfeld, in the Viennese Chess Club at Schäuflergasse 2, Vienna in 1914/15, and tied for 2nd-3rd with Josef Krejcik, behind Józef Dominik and ahead of Réti, in Vienna in March 1915 ("Quadrangular"). He was granted the privilege of adding "von" to his name.
After the war, he won three tournaments in Lwów in 1925 (the Lviv City Championship, the "Hetman" Chess Club, the Lviv Chess Club). Then he participated in team matches "Hetman" vs. Lviv CC.

</doc>
<doc id="21415250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415250" title="Charles Jasper Joly">
Charles Jasper Joly

Charles Jasper Joly (27 June 1864 – 4 January 1906) was an Irish mathematician and astronomer who became Royal Astronomer of Ireland.
Life.
He was born at St.Catherine's Rectory, Hop Hill, Tullamore, Offaly, eldest of six children of Rev. John Swift Joly (1818–1887) and Elizabeth Slator. He was educated at Galway Grammar School and later at Trinity College Dublin, where he took a fellowship in 1894. He became Andrews Professor of Astronomy at Trinity College.
In 1897 he was appointed Royal Astronomer of Ireland and he took up his new position at Dunsink Observatory. He was secretary of the Royal Irish Academy and a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society. He was made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1904.
He died at his Dunsink residence in 1906.
Publications.
Charles Joly published his articles in Royal Irish Academy journals, generally the "Transactions", but as indicated below, in Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy in 1897, 98, and 99:

</doc>
<doc id="21415253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415253" title="Children's Heart Foundation">
Children's Heart Foundation

The Children’s Heart Foundation is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charitable organization that does not receive any government funding. The goal of the foundation is to fund the most promising research to advance the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of congenital heart defects in children. It was founded in 1996 by Betsy Peterson, who recognized the need for an organization whose sole purpose is to fund this type of research after her 8-year-old son, Sam, died from multiple organ failure brought upon by a sudden heart related collapse.
A congenital heart defect (CHD) is a defect in the structure of the heart and great vessels of a newborn. Most heart defects either obstruct blood flow in the heart or vessels near it or cause blood to flow through the heart in an abnormal pattern, although other defects affecting heart rhythm such as long QT syndrome can also occur.Heart defects are among the most common birth defects and congenital birth defects are the leading cause of birth defect-related deaths. [http://stanford.wellsphere.com/vitamins-supplements-article/leading-cause-of-infant-death-congenital-birth-defects/439971
As of 2007, The Children’s Heart Foundation has joined forces with the Adult Congenital Heart Association (ACHA) and the Congenital Heart Information Network (CHIN) to form the National Congenital Heart Coalition.
Fundraising.
The Children’s Heart Foundation holds activities across the United States to raise awareness of Congenital Heart Defects and to raise money to be used for research. CHF holds the Congenital Heart Walk, a joint effort between CHF and ACHA, throughout the United States. The Congenital Heart Walk is a way to show the nation how a team of inspired individuals can make a difference. Funds raised support the missions of both of these national non-profit organizations who are dedicated to improving the quality of life of those living with congenital heart disease (CHD). The Children’s Heart Foundation also accepts donations via mail or their website.
Every February, Congenital Heart Defect awareness month, CHF teams up with Build-A-Bear workshop. Build-A-Bear customers are asked to donate $1 of their purchase to CHF. This partnership continues to enable CHF to continue funding the most promising research to advance the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of CHDs.
To date, CHF has funded 48 research projects totaling over $4.7 million. Several of these studies supported by CHF continue to be funded by the National Institutes of Health. In the past decade, death rates for congenital heart defects have declined by 30 percent because of the advances made through research.
CHF has 11 state chapters that hold events to raise money for CHD research and to support those affected by CHDs in their area.
Fund allocation.
The Children’s Heart Foundation is the only organization that strictly funds research for congenital heart defects. The CHF is not affiliated with any one medical institution or organization. Rather, the foundation relies on a Medical Advisory Board[http://www.childrensheartfoundation.org/about/staff.html] to make recommendations on which research is the most relevant and in need of funding. Money raised in any one calendar year funds research done that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21415254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415254" title="Vukašin Brajić">
Vukašin Brajić

Vukašin Brajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вукашин Брајић; ; born 9 February 1984) is a Bosnian Serb pop-rock singer who rose to fame after participating in the first season (2008–09) of Operacija trijumf, the Serbian version of Star Academy, in which he came in second place. It was broadcast by six national television networks in five Balkan countries, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, and Serbia.
He represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo, Norway, with the song "Thunder and Lightning".
Early life.
Vukašin Brajić is the eldest of three children of Simo and Dušanka. He has a younger brother and sister, Nenad and Nevena. His interest in music started early, in the third grade, when he asked his parents to let him enroll in a music school, which was not possible in the time of war. In 1994, due the war, his family moved from Bosna and Hercegovina to Serbia, to Mali Požarevac in Sopot, where they spent one year before moving to Čačak, where the family Brajić lives today. Vukašin finished both elementary and high school in Čačak. His music beginnings are also related to Čačak. Even though his parents could not afford his musical education, Vukašin studied by himself, learning from the books and Internet. That is how he acquired his keyboards and guitar skills. He got his first guitar from his uncle before he turned fifteen and then said to his family: "Someday, this guitar will feed all of you". He also sang in the choir, danced in the dance studio "Luna" and was a member of a drama club. That is how he gained experience in public performances and contests. When he was 19 years old, he moved from Čačak to Negotin where he enrolled the Teacher Education Academy which provided him what he liked – scene movement, music and singing. Vukašin enjoyed working with children and he has been saying that the pupils are his audience while the classroom is his scene. Today, he is only a final paper away to earn his degree, which he postponed because of the developments in his music career. While in Negotin, he lived with a friend who'd taught him a lot and helped him perfect his guitar skills.
Affect.
While he was on his third year of college, he moved from Negotin to Belgrade. Namely, in 2003 in Negotin, he met Darko Nikodijević and Nemanja Anđelković who recorded a few songs with a melodic metal-rock sound and decided to form a band, naming it "Affect". Since they didn’t have the lead vocal and, realizing that Vukašin is a good singer who loves music and plays the guitar, they asked him to join the band. In the summer of 2004, Vukašin recorded four songs with them. He liked the songs and quickly identified himself with them. In the early 2005, Affect was fully formed, after the bassist Nikola Dimitijević and the drummer Željko Despić joined the band. Due to the poor conditions, they worked on ten songs until the end of 2006. In the summer of 2006, they contacted Ognjen Uzelac, the director of "PGP-RTS" (label company), who offered to release Affect's promotional cd-single with two songs on it. In the fall of 2006, in studio 5 of PGP-RTS, they recorded two songs: "Read from my eyes" (in Serbian "Ništa više ne ostaje") and an instrumental cover of tradicional Serbian song "Ajde Jano", which they played in heavy-metal style. In April, 2007, they released promo-single in 150 copies. They performed live in Belgrade clubs where rock’n’roll was played, and with the help of "Beograd 202" radio, they also performed outside of Belgrade. For many reasons, one being that Vukašin was the only one who wanted to pursue professional music career, Affect was put on "stand by" in late 2007. However, Darko Nikodijević and Nemanja Anđelković would still work with Vukašin on future projects as parts of his team.
Lucky Luke.
After the Affect episode, Vukašin continued to perform with Marko Marić in an acoustic duo "Lucky Luke" (ex "Ausonia Duo"). The two of them played together until Vukašin entered Operacija Trijumf. They also had several TV appearances in morning shows and daily chronicles.
Operacija Trijumf.
Vukašin’s Operacija Trijumf story began when his roommate from Negotin called and told him that the application process had begun, so his godfather Marko filled the application form. Vukašin, who was in Negotin at the time, dedicating himself to college, immediately started with preparations. He went back to Belgrade and spent all the money he earned from gigs on singing classes with Professor Tanja Andrejić, with whom he worked for three months. After passing the auditions, he did a few promotional concerts across Serbia during the summer with other Serbian contestants from the show.
The show started on September 29, 2008. At the first Gala Vukašin sang two songs alongside Ivana Nikodijević: "Kada padne noć" by Riblja Čorba and "Enter Sandman" by Metallica. He got his first nomination at the second Gala already, but didn’t get the explanation as to why he was nominated. He was then saved by the academy. At the eight Gala he got his first nomination after which he was left to the mercy of the audience and their votes. In a close "battle" with Đorđe Gogov, who was audience favorite more than once, Vukašin managed to go to the next round. On the same night, he performed "More Than Words" by Extreme, which remains as one of his best performances in which he showed his acoustic guitar skills. Later that night he performed "Are You Gonna Go My Way" by Lenny Kravitz alongside Đorđe Gogov. The series of nominations continued at the next Gala, and he was again dependent on the audience voting. At the 10th Gala he was nominated again, this time with Nikola Sarić. After the audience chose him over Nikola Sarić, who was also the audience favorite more than once, Vukašin earned a nickname "killer of the favorites". He ended the competition as the 1st runner up, behind the winner Adnan Babajić. Official statistic states that he received around 330 000 votes.
Vukašin stood out with many things during the show and got the support of the audience of all ages and from all the parts of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It was said that he was the man who reunited people from all the former republics. He is remembered by his excellent vocal and stage performances, which, as the jury evaluated, brought him the "highest average grade of all students". He is also remembered by his statement: "People who write on forums are the worst. And I am one of them!" which made him a favorite in the forum community.
Post-OT career.
After the OT, Vukašin became a member of "OT Bend" along with three more Operacija Trijumf participants (Nikola Paunović, Nikola Sarić and Đorđe Gogov).
On February 23, 2009, Vukašin, among the other members of "OT Bend" and Sonja Bakić, performed as an opening act to a world-famous music star James Blunt at his Belgrade concert.
"OT Bend" entered the "Beovizija 2009", Serbian Song Contest for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 with the song "Blagoslov za Kraj", written by E.Owen, S. Vukomanovic and E. Botric. On March 7, in the semi-finals, they won maximum 24 points and entered the finals as the 1st. Next day, in the finals, again they won maximum 12 points from the audience, with 28 521 votes of totally 53 550. That was still not enough for the victory, because this time, the jury gave them only 5 points, so they finished the contest as the 1st runner up.
On April 19 and 20, 2009, Vukašin, alongside other Operacija Trijumf participants, held two concerts in Sava Centar in Belgrade in front of 10000 people. He performed "OT Bend" songs and several national and international hits.
During the summer of 2009, first Operacija Trijumf contestants went on a Montenegro tour. High point of the tour was the concert in Podgorica in front of the full stadium called ("Stadion malih sportova").
At the summer music festival "Sunčane skale 2009" in Herceg Novi, on the first night called "Prince awards" ("Prinčeve nagrade"), OT Bend won the "breakthrough of the year" award.
On July 12, 2009, in Belgrade Arena, OT Bend, alongside Ana Bebić, performed at the closing ceremony of the 25th Summer Universiade, which gathered 8200 participants from 145 countries in the capital city of Serbia.
Former students of Operacija Trijumf also held several concerts in cities across Serbia. One of the most noticed was the one of OT Bend and Ana Bebić at the main city square of Užice, in front of around 10000 people.
"Farewell concert of Operacija Trijumf" in Sava Centar, Belgrade, was left for the end of the year. That way, students had the opportunity to say goodbye to the group appearances under the name - Operacija Trijumf and marked the beginning of their own separate careers.
Artistic ensemble of Ministry of Defence "Stanislav Binički", under the conductor Vojkan Borisavljević, held a concert named "Mamma mia" in "Dom sindikata" in Belgrade, where they performed hits from the Swedish band ABBA. OT Bend, alongside Maja Odžaklijevska, Nada Pavlović, Tijana Dapčević, Jelena Jovičić, Milena Vasić, Dejan Lutkić and Marinko Madžgalj performed as vocal backup, under the sponsorship of Swedish Embassy in Serbia. Special guest was prima donna of Belgrade Opera, Jadranka Jovanović.
Eurovision Song Contest.
On January 11, 2010, announcement was made that Vukašin Brajić, with the song "Thunder and Lightning" by Edin-Dino Šaran, would represent Bosnia and Herzegovina at Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo, Norway. Bosnia and Herzegovina passed to the final of the contest and, among 25 countries which made it to the final, took 17th place.

</doc>
<doc id="21415274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415274" title="Tyron Woodley">
Tyron Woodley

Tyron Lakent Woodley (born April 17, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist and a former amateur wrestler for the University of Missouri. He is currently signed to a deal with the UFC, and formerly competed for Strikeforce. As of May 26, 2014, he is #3 in official UFC welterweight rankings.
Early life.
Tyron Woodley was born and raised in Ferguson, Missouri, an area a few miles from St. Louis, Missouri. He was born eleventh of the thirteen Woodley children to Sylvester and Deborah Woodley. He was raised by his mother after his father left early in his life. In high school he was on the honor roll every term, received All-Conference honors in football, was a two-time state finalist in wrestling finishing 48-0 and winning a state title.
After graduating from McCluer High School in 2000, he had offers from Nebraska, Northern Iowa, and Missouri. After going on his recruiting visit to Nebraska, he had verbally committed but later discovered Nebraska's head wrestling coach was forced to resign. He decided he would attend Mizzou and help rebuild the wrestling team. Tyron Woodley graduated from Mizzou in 2005 with a major in Agricultural Economics. He is a teammate of Current MMA fighter and 2008 Olympian Ben Askren.
Mixed martial arts career.
Tyron Woodley got his start after walking into a local MMA gym and asked the owner about participating on the gym's amateur fight card happening in the next month. The owner trained him a little, and put him on the card. The fight lasted 20 seconds with Woodley walking away victorious. He collected a perfect 7-0 record in amateur bouts with all bouts being finished by a KO or submission.
Still an amateur, Woodley attended the open tryouts for the ninth season of The Ultimate Fighter. He was one of the final cuts before the show started.
Woodley fought his first professional fight on February 7, 2009, it was held by Headhunter Productions at the Holiday Inn Select Executive Center in Columbia, Missouri. His opponent was Steve Schnider. The fight streamed live on Purefight.org. Woodley won his second fight by submitting Jeff Carstens.
Strikeforce.
Woodley made his Strikeforce debut in his hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. The fight was at the event on June 6, 2009. Tyron won the fight by submission late into round one. After the win, Strikeforce signed Woodley to an exclusive six fight deal and plan on using him on most of the Showtime cards.
Woodley made his second appearance for Strikeforce on the Strikeforce Challengers: Kennedy vs. Cummings card. He defeated Zach Light via submission in the second round.
On the card, Woodley had his third fight for Strikeforce, defeating Rudy Bears via arm-triangle submission. The fight was the main event. After his win over Bears, Woodley signed on with EA Sports to take part in their upcoming MMA based game, EA Sports MMA.
Tyron won a split decision against Nathan Coy at Strikeforce Challengers: Lindland vs. Casey in Portland, Oregon.
On October 9, 2010, at , Woodley defeated André Galvão via knockout midway in the first round. This was Woodley's debut on the main card of a major Strikeforce event.
Woodley headlined his second Strikeforce Challengers event at Strikeforce Challengers: Woodley vs. Saffiedine, when he fought Tarec Saffiedine on January 7, 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee. Using effective clinch work and take downs, Woodley won the fight via unanimous decision (30-27, 29-28, 29-28). After the win, Woodley claimed to be the number one contender for the welterweight title. Strikeforce then signed an extension to Woodley's contract, giving him four more fights and better pay.
During the event Woodley wore a shirt that had the words, "I Got Next", printed on the front implying he was the next to fight for the Strikeforce Welterweight Championship. At , Tyron replaced Evangelista Santos and fought Paul Daley. Woodley controlled the fight with effective takedowns, and according to Compustrike, out struck Daley en route to a unanimous decision win. With the win, Woodley will likely fight for the vacant Strikeforce Welterweight Championship. “I verged to the left and avoided the iceberg,” Woodley told Showtime Sports shortly after the win. “I knew it was going to be a tough fight... I knew I had to be slick and get inside of him, he’s strong guy. I couldn’t get frustrated when I didn’t take him down and (I had) to keep going for him. So that’s what I did.”
Woodley fought Canadian prospect Jordan Mein at . Woodley won via split decision.
Tyron faced Nate Marquardt on July 14, 2012 at for the vacant Strikeforce Welterweight Championship. He lost the fight via KO in the fourth round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Woodley faced Jay Hieron on February 2, 2013 at UFC 156 in his promotional debut, replacing an injured Erick Silva. Woodley won the fight via KO at just 36 seconds of the opening round.
Woodley faced Jake Shields on June 15, 2013 at UFC 161. The bout was contested on the feet for nearly its entirety in a largely uneventful fight where neither fighter was able to deliver any significant offense. Woodley lost the fight via a split decision.
Woodley next faced off against Josh Koscheck at UFC 167 on November 16, 2013. He won the fight via knockout in the very first round. The win also earned him his first "Knockout of the Night" bonus award.
Woodley next faced Carlos Condit at UFC 171. In round two, Woodley landed on Condit's right knee on a takedown. The referee stood the fight up for inactivity, and when Condit tried to step away after Woodley kicked his left knee, his right buckled, causing him to collapse in agony and the referee to award Woodley a TKO.
On April 8th 2014, Woodley's new eight-fight contract with UFC was announced alongside with his match against Rory MacDonald at UFC 174. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Woodley is expected to face Dong Hyun Kim on August 23, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 48, replacing Hector Lombard.
Personal life.
He is married and has a son. Woodley also volunteers as an assistant wrestling coach for the SIUE Cougars.
He has expressed interest in someday opening up a non-profit facility for troubled youth.

</doc>
<doc id="21415294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415294" title="Uplifter">
Uplifter

Uplifter is the ninth studio album by American rock band 311, released on June 2, 2009 by Volcano Records. It is the band's first album in nearly four years, the longest gap between albums in 311's career. "Uplifter" was produced by Bob Rock, who has produced or engineered albums by numerous notable acts, such as Metallica, Aerosmith, Mötley Crüe, Bon Jovi, The Cult, Our Lady Peace and The Offspring. It debuted at #3 on the "Billboard" 200, their highest position to date.
Release and reception.
The first single from the album, "Hey You", was sent to radio stations for airplay on April 7, and was officially released April 10, 2009.
Before the official release date, "Uplifter" was streamed in full (including the deluxe edition tracks) on the band's MySpace page and was featured on Playlist.com.
"Uplifter" has received mixed reactions from critics. Andrew Leahey of Allmusic gave it a generally favorable review and said that "Uplifter" "... a polished mix of tour-worthy anthems and lighter-hoisting ballads that seem destined to fare better in concert than on record." 
It has received criticism as well. Talking about the lyrics, Laina Dawes of Consequence of Sound said, "...don’t look for any insightful wisdom here. ... Then again, how important are lyrics in this genre, or even this modern day age of Britney Spears and Lady Gaga? In comparison to that schlock, this is pure poetry."
Colin Moriarty of IGN reviewed each of the songs from "Uplifter" one-by-one. He said that while some show 311 maturing musically, there are still songs for the hardcore fans. Moriarty noted that his favorite song from the album was "Get Down," saying, "311 songs with a message and a hard-hitting rap-rock sound have become increasingly rare since the days of Soundsystem and From Chaos, and Get Down is certainly a welcome addition to Uplifter's roster of songs."
The Record Review noted "that after a couple of somewhat lackluster releases (2003’s "Evolver" and 2005’s "Don’t Tread On Me") and a subsequent extended break, 311 has returned with a record that is full of life."
According to Nick Hexum's Twitter page, there will be an additional six b-sides for use at a later date.

</doc>
<doc id="21415320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415320" title="Peter Feibleman">
Peter Feibleman

Peter Feibleman is an American author and screenwriter. He has won critical acclaim for his novels and has received multiple awards for his writings including a Guggenheim Award in 1960 and a Golden Pen Award in 1983. He has also written a number of plays and screenplays.
Life.
Feibleman was born in 1930 in New York City and was raised in New Orleans. He studied acting at the Carnegie Institute of Technology and also attended Columbia University. He is a member of P.E.N. and currently resides in Los Angeles. 
Career.
Starting in 1940, Feibleman worked as an actor in radio. From 1951 to 1957, Feibleman worked as an actor in Spain. He began writing in 1958. Feibleman is also a co-founder of DBA, a screenplay consulting firm.
Feibleman finished his first literary work, "A Place without Twilight", in 1958. The book was met with critical acclaim by the "Saturday Review" and other publications. Many of Feibleman's other works have been received well by critics.

</doc>
<doc id="21415321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415321" title="Braes of Doune Wind Farm">
Braes of Doune Wind Farm

Braes of Doune Wind Farm is a wind farm located close to Stirling, Scotland and opened in 2007. The farm was built by Alfred McAlpine and is run by Airtricity. 
An agreement has been made with Centrica, the owners of Scottish Gas, to purchase energy output by the farm.
Turbines.
The farm has 36 Vestas V80 2.0 megawatt wind turbines.

</doc>
<doc id="21415338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415338" title="Washington Public Ports Association">
Washington Public Ports Association

In 1961, the Washington State Legislature authorized port commissioners to designate The Washington Public Ports Association (WPPA) as a port coordinating agency. WPPA's many purposes are outlined in RCW Chapter 53.06.030 [http://apps.leg.wa.gov/RCW/default.aspx?cite=53.06.030]:
Organization and Structure.
The Association is governed by a Board of Trustees, consisting of one representative from each member port. This Board meetings twice annually, and Trustees serve until replaced by a majority vote of their respective port commission. 
A six-member Executive Committee, consisting of a president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer and the two most recent past presidents, oversees Association administration and management.
The Board of Trustees elects Executive Committee members and appoints an Executive Director to manage Association activities.
The WPPA maintains standing committees whose leaders are appointed by the WPPA president and through which members can bring issues of concern to the Association. Standing committees include: Aviation, Budget, Environmental Policy, Environmental Technical, Finance and Administration, Legal, Legislative, Long-Range Planning, Marina, Nominating, Public Relations, Trade and Economic Development and Transportation and Infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="21415339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415339" title="ŽFK Fruškogorac">
ŽFK Fruškogorac

ZFK Fruškogorac (Serbian Cyrillic: ЖФK Фpушкoгopaц) is a women's football club based in Novi Sad, Serbia. They currently play in the northern section of the second division in Serbia, the Druga Liga Srbije Sever.
Current squad.
Isidora Sekulic<br>
Arijana Đurić<br>
Tanja Miladinov<br>
Julijana Tatic<br>
Tamara Popovic<br>
Jelena Gvozdenac<br>
Aleksandra Draganović<br>
Jovana Orlandić<br>
Aleksandra Marinković<br>
Dajana Đurić<br>
Miroslava Radosavljev<br>
Amanda Madači<br>
Rada Tomašević<br>
Olivera Milošević<br>
Tanja Blagojević<br>
Ljubica Rušiti<br>
Milana Golubović<br>
Milica Nenadov<br>
Tamara Papić<br>
Jelena Rajčetić<br>
Zorana Martinović<br>
Aleksandra Prnjavorac
Tijana Pejović

</doc>
<doc id="21415378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415378" title="Ittingen Charterhouse">
Ittingen Charterhouse

Ittingen Charterhouse ("Kartause Ittingen") is a former Carthusian monastery near Warth, Canton Thurgau, Switzerland. It is now used as an education and seminar centre with two museums and a farm.
History.
The monastery was founded in 1150 for the Canons Regular. In 1461 the premises were sold to the Carthusians. In 1524, during the Reformation, the monastery was destroyed in the "Ittingersturm", but was rebuilt during the Counter-Reformation. In 1798 the officials of the Helvetic Republic forbade the acceptance of novices and declared the monastery's assets the property of the state. Nevertheless the charterhouse survived until 1848, when it was finally dissolved.
Between 1867 and 1977 the estate was the private property of the Fehr family, who ran the former monastery and its land as an agricultural concern for several generations. The entire monastery precinct remained for the most part intact. After 1977 the property was taken over by the charitable foundation "Kartause Ittingen" and between 1979 and 1983 comprehensively restored.
Present day.
The buildings now accommodate the art museum of Canton Thurgau, the Ittinger Museum and "tecum", an Evangelical meeting and education centre. There is also a residential home here for about 30 people with either mental illnesses or learning difficulties who are employed round the various businesses on the site. In addition, there are two hotels with 67 rooms altogether, and the restaurant "Zur Mühle". The agricultural concern is among the biggest in the canton. As well as standard agriculture, grapes and hops are grown and from them wine and beer produced (the beer is brewed by "Calanda Bräu" in Chur) and milk from the estate's own cows is used for the production of various cheeses.

</doc>
<doc id="21415394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415394" title="Rogelio Yrurtia">
Rogelio Yrurtia

Rogelio Yrurtia (December 6, 1879 – March 4, 1950) was a renowned Argentine sculptor of the Realist school.
Life and work.
Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina to Basque immigrants in 1879, Rogelio Yrurtia enrolled in the local Society for the Promotion of Fine Arts in 1899. A talented student, he quickly earned a scholarship on which he traveled to Paris. There, he attended the prestigious Académie Julien, where he was apprenticed under Jules-Felix Coutan. Securing his first exhibition at the National Society of French Artists in 1903, he obtained a Grand Prize at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis, Missouri.
Yrurtia returned to Buenos Aires in 1905, where he presented a number of exhibitions and, in 1907, was commissioned to create a monument to 1820s-era Argentine statesman Manuel Dorrego. Relocating to Barcelona, Spain, his work earned him a Grand Prize at the 1911 International Arts Exposition there. Upon his return to Buenos Aires in 1916, Yrurtia was commissioned to sculpt a likeness of Bernardino Rivadavia, the first Constitutional President of Argentina, for a mausoleum planned in his honor for Plaza Miserere (it's worth noting that Rivadavia, who died in exile in 1845, had requested that his remains "not" return to Argentina).
Continuing to exhibit successfully in Argentina and abroad, the city of Buenos Aires commissioned him for the creation of a monument to grace a median plaza along Paseo Colón, a major thoroughfare south of downtown. The monument, "Ode to Labour", was inaugurated in 1927 and stands as Yrurtia's most ambitious work, remaining arguably his best-known. Industrialist and philanthropist Carlos Delcasse commissioned Yrurtia for his crypt in the Buenos Aires suburb of Vicente López, which the noted sculptor completed in 1936. The work's highlight, "Justice", was created at Delcasse's request; though not a jurist, Delcasse considered himself a "friend of the court." The sculpture was reproduced in bronze for the Argentine Supreme Court.
Creating a "Moses" for the 1937 grand opening of the Juan B. Castagnino Fine Arts Museum in Rosario, Yrurtia became one of the founding members of the National Academy of Fine Arts in 1938 and he continued to exhibit periodically, working from his Baroque home in the Belgrano section of Buenos Aires. Yrurtia died there in 1950, bequeathing his home as a museum. "The Boxers", one of his last works, stands in the central courtyard.

</doc>
<doc id="21415402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415402" title="Michael Alec Rose">
Michael Alec Rose

Michael Alec Rose composes chamber and symphonic music. He is Associate Professor of Composition at Vanderbilt University’s Blair School of Music. His awards and commissions include the Walter W. Naumburg Foundation’s chamber music commission, for which he composed his "String Quartet No. 2", premiered by the Meliora Quartet at Lincoln Center and the Library of Congress; a commission from the International Spoleto Festival for a violin-cello duo; twenty-five consecutive annual awards in composition from the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, 1986–2010; string quartet commissions from the Blair and Mendelssohn Quartets; and three commissioned performances by the Nashville Symphony, including"Symphony No. 1-Paths of Peace" (2000).
Rose’s "Interferon, or Piano Concerto" was performed by two orchestras in the Czech Republic in 2001. Two ballets commissioned by the Nashville Ballet were premiered in 2003-2004. "The Pedagogy of Grief" (Viola Sonata No. 3) was first performed at the Peabody Institute of Music, Baltimore, in 2005. "Arguing with God: Concerto for Klezmer and Chamber Orchestra" received its first performance in March 2007, by the Nashville Chamber Orchestra and Brave Old World, the Klezmer group. This concerto was the culminating event of that year's American Jewish Music Festival. "Graces, Furies", commissioned for the Carolina Piano Trio, was premiered by them in three cities in North Carolina in May 2007, with further performances throughout the United States in 2008.
Rose is the co-founder and co-director of an international exchange program involving the Royal Academy of Music in London and Glasgow (RAM and RSAMD) and the Blair School of Music: "Collaborative Composition in London". He has twice visited RAM as Guest Composer, with performances of his music at various London sites. Several of his works have also been featured at the Tate St. Ives Gallery in Cornwall. Among the many new works commissioned for these U.K. performances are "Hubbert Peak: Three Gas Stations for String Quartet" and "Dr. Johnson and Mr. Savage: Pantomime for Violinist and Cellist" (both for members of the Kreutzer Quartet, in residence at RAM). Both these works were premiered in the spring of 2008 at London’s recently rediscovered Victorian vaudeville theatre, Wilton’s Music Hall. Other works by Rose sprung from the exchange program have been performed in Mexico, Kosovo, Macedonia, under the dome of St. Paul’s Cathedral, and in the Enlightenment Gallery of the British Museum. Rose’s "Pastoral Concerto for Violin and Orchestra"—commissioned by his exchange program co-director, violinist Peter Sheppard Skaerved—was premiered with Sheppard Skaerved as soloist and the Vanderbilt Orchestra, under the direction of Robin Fountain, in November 2008.
A further outgrowth of Rose’s exchange program work is "The Periodic Table" (Chamber Concerto for Piano and Eight Players), for pianist Aaron Shorr, Head of Keyboards at the RSAMD in Glasgow, where the concerto was premiered in June, 2009.
Two more works were premiered in Wiltons Music Hall in 2009: "Everything Under the Sun: Four Seasons for Two Violins", and "An Arch Never Sleeps" for Violin and Double Bass, featuring virtuoso bassist Chi-chi Nwanoku. In 2010, Rose published "Audible Signs: Essays from a Musical Ground" (Continuum Books) and composed "Five Bucolics" for tenor Tony Boutté, a setting of poems by Maurice Manning.
Rose graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and studied with Pulitzer Prize-winning composers George Crumb and Richard Wernick, as well as with George Rochberg and Samuel Adler. Rose has won several major teaching awards at Vanderbilt, including the prestigious Chair of Teaching Excellence.
Compositions.
Orchestra
Symphony No. 1—Paths of Peace (1999–2000), large orchestra, mezzo-soprano and baritone soloists, Suzuki string ensemble, 35 minutes. 
All Hallows (1997), large orchestra, 10 minutes.
A Glimpse of River (1996), string orchestra, 4 minutes.
Overture of the Open Road (1988), large orchestra, 9 minutes.
Soloist(s) and Orchestra
The Periodic Table—Piano Concerto No. 2 (2007), piano solo and eight players (2009).
Pastoral Concerto (2008), violin solo and chamber orchestra, 24 minutes. 
Arguing with God (2006), concerto for klezmer musicians (4) and chamber orchestra, 34 minutes.
Interferon, or Piano Concerto (2000–01), piano solo and large orchestra, 19 minutes.
Viola Concerto (1984), viola solo and chamber orchestra, 22 minutes.
Works for 2-5 players
An arch never sleeps, for violin and double bass (2009)
Everything Under the Sun: Four Seasons for Two Violins (2009)
Hubbert Peak: Three Gas Stations for String Quartet (2008), 10 minutes. 
Dr. Johnson and Mr. Savage: Pantomime for Violinist and Cellist (2008).
Urstoff for violin and piano (2007).
Graces, Furies for piano trio (2006), 10 minutes.
The Doorway for English horn and piano (2006), 4 minutes.
The Pedagogy of Grief—Third Viola Sonata (2004), viola and piano, 18 minutes.
A Chance for the Soul for trombone and piano (2003).
A Grammar of Hope: Quintet for Piano and Strings (2002–2003), 35 minutes.
Eleusis: 15 Aspects of a Mystery for violin and piano (2000), 12 minutes.
The Entire World: Three Jewish Songs from Eastern Europe, for flute, violin, and cello (1997), 7 minutes.
String Quartet No. 4 (1996), 11 minutes.
Farther Afield, fanfare for two horns and two trumpets (1994), 3 minutes.
Songs of Rest and Unrest—Second Viola Sonata (1993–94), viola and piano, 13 minutes.
Inveniendo Quaeretis for two violas (1994), 2 minutes.
Children’s Corner for string quartet (1992), 5 minutes.
A Tree of Life: fantasy for clarinet, cello, and piano (1992), 9 minutes.
Seven for Three for oboe, horn, and piano (1991–92), 11 minutes.
A View of Jerusalem, fanfare for brass, percussion, and organ (1990), 4 minutes.
Quintet for Winds (1990), 12 minutes.
Romanza for string trio (1989), 5 minutes.
Duo (In Which Pooh Dances a Hoop in the Sand), for violin and cello (1988), 6 minutes.
String Quartet No. 3 (1986–87), 16 minutes.
First Viola Sonata (1986), viola and piano, 14 minutes.
String Quartet No. 2 (1985), 17 minutes.
Five Pieces for Violin and Viola (1983), 7 minutes.
Sonata for Cello and Piano (1982–83), 13 minutes.
String Quartet No. 1 (1982), 12 minutes.
Rhapsody for Piano Trio (1981), 7 minutes.
Solo voice(s) and up to 5 players (Permission for the use of all copyrighted texts has been secured
Prayer for Our Daughters for soprano and piano (2001), text by Mark Jarman, 4 minutes. 
Aubade, madrigal for vocal quintet (1995), text by Donald Davie, 4 minutes.
Scenes from “The Mayor of Casterbridge” for soprano and piano, text by Mark Jarman.
The Way In: Four Songs for Baritone and Piano (1985–86), texts by Rilke (translated by Robert Bly) and Mary Oliver, 12 minutes.
Five Songs for High Voice and Piano (1985), texts by Novalis, Lorca, Mary Oliver,
Robert Francis, and Rilke (translations by Robert Bly), 14 minutes.
Wedding Song for baritone, violin, and viola (1985), text from the Song of Songs, 3 minutes.
Black Branches (1982), a setting of four poems of William Carlos Williams for soprano and woodwind quintet, 11 minutes.
Chorus
Wild Peace for mixed chorus (1996), text by Yehuda Amichai, 2 minutes. 
A Cypress Shall Rise for baritone soloist, chorus, and organ (1995), text from Isaiah (both original Hebrew and JPS translation), 6 minutes.
Morning Poem for mixed chorus (1987), text by Mary Oliver, 4 minutes.
A Valediction for mixed chorus (1986), text by Ernest Dowson, 2 minutes.
God Speaks to Man But Once (1983)A part-song for mixed chorus and violin on a text by Rainer Maria Rilke (translated by Robert Bly), 3 minutes.
Solo keyboard
Thoroughfare of Light for piano (2002–03), 9 minutes. 
Spinoza’s Rainbow for piano (1999), 13 minutes.
Dream Work for piano (1995), 8 minutes.
B’rachah (Benediction) for small harpsichord (1990), 5 minutes.
Four Poetic Images for piano (1988), 10 minutes.
Fantasia-Marcia for piano, after George Rochberg (1987), 3 minutes.
Piano Fantasy (1987), 8 minutes.
Piano Sonata in One Movement (1983), 7 minutes.
Solo instrumental
Palimpsest for solo violin (2006), 3 minutes. 
Three Short Obsessions for solo violin (2004), 5 minutes.
The Search for Delicious for solo flute (2003), 4 minutes.
Wine-Dark Sea for solo viola (1988), 3 minutes.
Sonata for Unaccompanied Violin (1985–86), 15 minutes.
Dance
The Apparition: ballet in one act (2004), violin and piano, 9 minutes. 
The Night of the Iguana: ballet in one act (2003), medium orchestra (single winds and brass, percussion, solo piano, large complement of strings), 18 minutes.
Yussel’s Prayer: ballet in one act (1990), solo dancer, flute, and cello, 9 minutes.
Opera
The Mayor of Casterbridge: opera in four acts (1992), based on the Thomas Hardy novel, libretto by Mark Jarman (commissioned by Nashville Opera, unproduced to this date), 1 hour and 40 minutes.
Music for young performers
Wildflower Hill for Suzuki violinists and cellists (1996), 3 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21415463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415463" title="General Electric J73">
General Electric J73

The General Electric J73 turbojet was developed by General Electric from the earlier J47 engine. Its original USAF designation was J47-21, but the innovative features (variable inlet guide vanes, and single-shell combustor case) led to its redesignation as J73.
External links.
National Museum of the USAF - J73 factsheet

</doc>
<doc id="21415476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415476" title="Old/Quartet">
Old/Quartet

Old/Quartet is an album recorded in 1967 by Roscoe Mitchell's Art Ensemble which later became known as the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label in 1975 and features performances by Mitchell, Lester Bowie, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Phillip Wilson.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick awarded the album 4½ stars stating "While perhaps a small step below "Congliptious", it is nonetheless a beautiful album in its own right and one that ranks very high in Roscoe Mitchell's discography". 
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21415490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415490" title="2002 World Rowing Championships">
2002 World Rowing Championships

The 25th World Rowing Championships were held between September 15 and September 22, 2002 in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="21415502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415502" title="Court Ministry">
Court Ministry

The Court Ministry was the 27th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, led by Liberal Premier Sir Charles Court and deputy Des O'Neil (Ray O'Connor replaced O'Neil following his retirement in 1980). It commenced on 5 June 1975, following the Court–McPharlin Ministry, 15 months after the Coalition's electoral defeat of the Tonkin Labor government. It was followed by the O'Connor Ministry upon Court's retirement as Premier on 25 January 1982.
Overview.
On 20 May 1975, the National Country Party (NCP), led by Ray McPharlin, withdrew from the Coalition. At the time, three Ministers had been members of the NCP. In the ensuing negotiations which included visits from Federal Country Party leader Doug Anthony and Queensland Premier Joh Bjelke-Petersen, Dick Old replaced McPharlin as state party leader. The Coalition recommenced on 31 May. Court felt that Old had insufficient experience to become Deputy Premier, so while the Government was based on a Liberal-NCP coalition until its defeat by Labor in 1983, both the Premier and Deputy positions were held by members of the parliamentary Liberal Party.
The Ministry was reconstituted three times - first on 10 March 1977, following the 1977 election; on 25 August 1978 after a portfolio reshuffle; and finally on 5 March 1980 following the 1980 election.
The 1977 election, which expanded the Legislative Assembly from 51 to 55 members, saw the Liberal Party gain four seats and come within one seat of being able to govern in their own right. The NCP made the abolition of probate on estates passing to a spouse a condition of forming a coalition with the Liberals. This change in government policy was announced by the Premier after the election. However, due to a reduction in the numbers of NCP members in the Parliament, the NCP's allocation of Ministerial positions in the 13-member Ministry, went from 3 to 2, with the loss of Norm Baxter. Neil McNeill retired from the Ministry, allowing Ian Medcalf to be appointed Attorney-General.
On 24 July 1978, Bill Grayden resigned from the Ministry after pleading guilty to two charges of unlawful assault on police officers, and one of unlawful damage to a police car. Ray O'Connor was appointed as Acting Minister covering all three of Grayden's portfolios and was formally sworn in by the Governor on 7 August 1978. Ray Young was promoted to the Ministry. A number of significant portfolio changes occurred on 25 August 1978, resulting from a split within the NCP leading to half of its MP's, along with its state president, forming a breakaway National Party. Both of the NCP Ministers stayed with the original party.
The 1980 election, which saw little parliamentary change other than the defeat of Housing Minister Alan Ridge in his Kimberley seat and the retirement of Deputy Premier Des O'Neil from politics, preceded another reconstitution of the Ministry. Ray O'Connor, who had been a member of parliament since 1959, was promoted to the Deputy Premiership whilst two new Ministers were appointed and two Honorary Ministers were appointed. The Government failed to enact legislation which would have amended the Constitution to allow an expansion of the Ministry to 15, on account of maverick Liberal MLA Dr Tom Dadour and the National Party opposing the measure.
On 18 December 1981, Sir Charles Court, then 70 years of age, announced his decision that he would step down as Premier on 25 January 1982. The ministry ended on that date and was succeeded by the O'Connor Ministry.
Ministry.
First Ministry.
On 5 June 1975, the Governor, Air Commodore Sir Hughie Edwards, designated 12 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 10 March 1977.* Hansard Indexes for 1975-1977, "Legislature of Western Australia"</ref> An honorary minister was appointed two weeks later; following the assent of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act (No.4) 1975 (No.86 of 1975) on 20 November 1975, the Ministry grew to 13 members and Ian Medcalf was formally appointed on 22 December.
The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index. Blue entries indicate members of the Liberal Party, whilst green entries indicate members of the National Country Party. The members of the Ministry were:
Second Ministry.
On 10 March 1977, the Governor, Air Chief Marshal Sir Wallace Kyle, designated 13 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899 and appointed the ministers to the positions.
On 24 July 1978, Bill Grayden resigned from the Ministry. Ray O'Connor was appointed the Acting Minister for all three portfolios, and was sworn into them on 7 August 1978. Ray Young was also promoted to the Ministry at this time. These arrangements stayed in place until the 25 August reshuffle.* </ref>
Third Ministry.
On 25 August 1978, the Governor, Air Chief Marshal Sir Wallace Kyle, designated 13 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers were then appointed to the positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 5 March 1980 following the 1980 state election.
Fourth Ministry.
On 5 March 1980, the Governor, Air Chief Marshal Sir Wallace Kyle, designated 13 principal executive offices of the Government under section 43(2) of the Constitution Acts Amendment Act 1899. The following ministers were then appointed to the positions, and served until the end of the Ministry on 25 January 1982, when the O'Connor Ministry was formed by Deputy Premier Ray O'Connor upon the Premier's retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="21415548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415548" title="Gérard Garouste">
Gérard Garouste

Gérard Garouste (born March 10, 1946) is a French contemporary artist.
Since 1979, he has lived and worked in Marcilly-sur-Eure in Normandy, where he founded an educational and social action group to help children with art called La Source.
He has been married with the designer Elisabeth Garouste since 1969.
Biography.
Gérard Garouste was born in Paris. He studied at the École des Beaux-Arts de Paris from 1965 to 1972 in the atelier of Gustave Singier. It was there he discovered Duchamp. Around this time, he created several works of scenography for his friend, author and director Jean-Michel Ribes, notably for the productions of "Il faut que le Sycomore coule" and "Jacky parady". In 1977, he presented at the Palace theater "Le Classique et l'Indien", a show he wrote, directed, and decorated for. He would stay with the Palace until 1982 as a scenographer and painter. 
In 1980, he had his first art show at the Durand-Dessert gallery, showing figurative, mythological, and allegorical paintings. This show brought him national recognition, and then, international. His first international show took place in New York in 1982 at the Holly Solomon Gallery. Others followed, such as those at the Leo Castelli Gallery in New York and in Sperone, Italy. He was the only French artist to be invited to the Zeitgeist at Berlin. Institutional recognition came in 1987, at the CAPC of Bordeaux ("Centre d'arts plastiques contemporains de Bordeaux"), where he presented a combination of oils on canvas and acrylics on homespun, and then at the Fondation Cartier. 
Garouste has executed works and decorations for various endeavors: paintings for the Élysée Palace, sculptures for Évry Cathedral, the ceiling of the theater at Namur, and for the church of Notre-Dame de Talant, stained glass. In 1989, he did the curtain for the Théâtre du Châtelet. 
An important step for Garouste was the founding in 1991 of the association The Source, which sets itself the task of helping culturally underprivileged young people to achieve personal development through artistic expression.
He received an order in 1996 for a monumental work for the National Library of France mixing painting and wrought iron. Sculpture and engraving were attracting him more and more, as well as illustration for all sorts of writings, from "Don Quixote" to the "Haggadah".
In 2001, he presented at the Fondation Cartier "Ellipse", an arrangement of canvasses mounted on a construction of his own design.
Since 2001, he has been represented by the Daniel Templon Gallery.
Selected works.
Theater.
"Le Classique et l'Indien", 1977

</doc>
<doc id="21415599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415599" title="Al-Zaytuna Mosque">
Al-Zaytuna Mosque

Al-Zaytuna Mosque, or Ez-Zitouna or Ezzitouna Mosque (, literally meaning "the Mosque of Olive") is a major mosque in Tunis, Tunisia.
The mosque is the oldest in the Capital of Tunisia and covers an area of with nine entrances.
It has 160 authentic columns brought originally from the ruins of the old city of Carthage. The mosque is known to host one of the first and greatest universities in the history of Islam. Many Muslim scholars were graduated from the Al-Zaytuna for over a thousand years. From Ibn 'Arafa, one of the greatest scholars of Islam, Imam Maziri, the great traditionalist and jurist to the famous Tunisian poet Aboul-Qacem Echebbi and countless others all taught there.
History.
Al-Zaytuna was the second mosque to be built in Ifriqiya and the Maghreb region after the Mosque of Uqba in Al-Kairouan. The exact date of building varies according to source. Ibn Khaldun and Al-Bakri wrote that it was built in 116 Hijri (731 C.E.) by Obeid-Allah Ibn Al-Habhab.
A second source states that the Umayyad Hisham Ibn Abdel-Malek ordered the building; however, Ahmed In Abu Diyaf and Ibn Abi Dinar attributed the order to Hassan Ibnu-Noauman who led the conquest of Tunis and Carthage. Most scholars agreed that the third possibility is the strongest by evidence as it is unlikely that the city of Tunis remained a long time without a mosque, after its conquest in 79 Hijri. Thus the closest date is 84 Hijri (703 CE), and what Al-Habhab did was in fact enlarge the mosque and improve its architecture.
It was used as a place of prayer by the Muslim conqueror Hassan Ibn an-No'man.
Scholarship and the University.
For centuries, Al-Qayrawan was the early centre of learning and intellectual pursuits in Tunisia and North Africa in General. Starting from the 13th century, Tunis became the capital of Ifriqiya under Almohad and Hafsid rule.
This shift in power helped al-Zaytuna to flourish and become one of the major centres of Islamic learning, and Ibn Khaldun, the first social historian in history was one of its products.
The flourishing university attracted students and men of learning from all parts of the known world at the time. Along with theology; mainly the Qur'an, the university taught jurisprudence, history, grammar, science and medicine. When it comes to books and libraries, Al-Zaytuna libraries were the richest among North African counterparts. It had several collections totalling in the tens of thousands of books. One of its libraries, al-Abdaliyah included a large collection of rare and unique manuscripts. The manuscripts covered almost all subjects and sciences, including grammar, logic, documentations, etiquette of research, cosmology, arithmetic, geometry, minerals, vocational training, etc.
Architecture.
Al-Zaytuna mosque followed the design and architecture of previous mosques, mainly the Mosque of Uqba, and was an inspiration for later mosques such as the Great Mosque of Cordoba. The courtyard is accessible via nine lateral doorways and forms a rectangle surrounded by galleries supported by columns made variously of marble, granite or porphyry and which were taken from ancient monuments (primarily from Carthage), as were those in the prayer hall. The square minaret rises from the northwest corner of the courtyard. Built in 1894, the minaret is high and imitates the decoration of the Almohad minaret of the Kasbah Mosque with its limestone strap-work on a background of ochre sandstone.
Presidents Bourguiba and Ben Ali carried out major restoration work and rehabilitation, especially during the 1960s and 1990s. The dome was added by the Zirids around 991.

</doc>
<doc id="21415601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415601" title="IIHF European Cup 1973">
IIHF European Cup 1973

The 1972–73 European Cup was the eighth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October, 1972 and finished on August 20, 1974.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who beat Brynäs IF in the final
Third round.
Brynäs IF , 

</doc>
<doc id="21415608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21415608" title="National Reserve">
National Reserve

A National Reserve is a land designation for protecting conservation values:

</doc>
