<doc id="21374614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374614" title="Institute for Mexicans Abroad">
Institute for Mexicans Abroad

The Institute for Mexicans Abroad (Instituto de los Mexicanos en el Exterior, IME) is a decentralized agency of the Mexican government's Foreign Ministry to support Mexicans who live and work abroad 
The IME carries out the functions of the Presidential Office for Mexican Communities Abroad and the Mexican Communities Abroad Program. It has an Advisory Board made up of 152 members who are representatives of the Mexican, Mexican-American, and Mexican Canadian community in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21374617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374617" title="Avalon hotel (Gothenburg)">
Avalon hotel (Gothenburg)

The Avalon hotel is a hotel at Kungsportsplatsen in Gothenburg, Sweden. It was nominated for the Kasper Salin Prize in 2007. It is part of Design Hotels AG.
History.
The site of the hotel at the east end of the Idogheten neighbourhood was built with a four-story stone building in 1879. It features small business locals at ground level and apartments in the above floors. The building was damaged by fire in 1966. Afterward the building was demolished and replaced by a simple one-story barrack with a shoe shop and a saluhall. The property was acquired by Bygg Göta Göteborg AB in 1978 and since the middle 80s discussions regarding constructing a new building took place.
Work with a detail plan started in the autumn of 2001 and was finished when the plan was accepted in 2005. The plan specified the form of the new building and that it should, in a harmonic way, fit in the environment but at the same time be representative for its time. The construction permit for the building was approved on January 10, 2006.
Structure and facilities.
The hotel has 101 rooms divided in six different categories; Penthouse suite (1), Suite (2), Deluxe (14+8), Superior (30), Business (40), and Moderate (6). Twenty-four of the rooms have miniature spas and three of the rooms have a miniature gym.

</doc>
<doc id="21374625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374625" title="Arthur Stott">
Arthur Stott

Arthur Harling Stott (November 21, 1909 – August 25, 1993) was a Canadian diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Victoria, British Columbia.
In 1932 he finished eleventh in the 3 metre springboard event.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medals in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21374683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374683" title="Mt. Broderick Pullman Car">
Mt. Broderick Pullman Car

The "Mt. Broderick" Pullman Car is a historic railcar on the National Register of Historic Places, currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven, Kentucky, in southernmost Nelson County, Kentucky. It has been described as a "four-star hotel" on rails.
Mt. Broderick was built in two months in late 1926 at the Pullman factory in Chicago, Illinois. It was one of thirty cars built on Lot 4998 to Plan 3521A. It had ten sections (numbered 1 to 10) and a 12-seat lounge area (numbered 11 to 22). In its normal overnight-mode, it could sleep 20, although in day-mode, it could seat a maximum of fifty-two passengers. It weighed 93 tons, due in part to its poured concrete floor; a feature unique to the Mt. Broderick. Passengers enjoyed the solarium lounge at its rear, as well as its buffet area. Polished brass fixtures were in the restroom area. Modifications to the car in 1935 included redoing the solarium, and replacing its crude blown air onto ice method of cooling to a then-modern air conditioning system. It ran the "Southland" Route of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad in the 1940s and 1950s; Atlanta, Chicago, Cincinnati, Fort Wayne, and St. Louis were regular stops of the route.
The Kentucky Railway Museum purchased the Mt. Broderick from the Pullman Company in 1958. It replaced the paint and carpet of the car with paint and carpet from the Pullman company, to keep it looking as it did during its active days. The car was also restored in late 1997.
The Mt. Broderick Pullman Car is one of four artifacts at the Kentucky Railway Museum on the National Register of Historic Places. The others are the Louisville and Nashville Steam Locomotive No. 152, the Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665, and the Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car.

</doc>
<doc id="21374690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374690" title="Dampfkessel Überwachungsverein">
Dampfkessel Überwachungsverein

DÜVs (short for "Dampfkessel Überwachungs-Verein", "Steam Boiler Inspectorate Organization" in English) were German organizations founded in the 19th century by a group of German entrepreneurs to ensure the technical safety of steam boilers, which was an immanent issue at that time.
The charter of the organizations stated they were founded ""to prevent steam boiler explosions through regular, periodical inspections... to foster the implementation of all current and future improvements (regarding economic efficiency of the whole machine as well as energy efficiency of the fire engine) in the operation of steam boilers so that all members of the organization can benefit.""
DÜVs were the predecessor of TÜVs.

</doc>
<doc id="21374699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374699" title="Cyrus (whaler)">
Cyrus (whaler)

The barque Cyrus was the British whaling vessel captained by Richard Spratly, namesake of Spratly Island and the group of islands and reefs known as the Spratly Islands. The "Cyrus" sailed during the 1840s. The "Cyrus" also transported valuable cargo between the South Pacific and Great Britain.
The vessel was owned by a man known only as "Mr. Joe".
This vessel should not be confused with the American whaler, the "Cyrus" of Nantucket, which sailed during the same era. A bill of sale in the Nantucket Historical Association Research Library shows that a whaling vessel named "Cyrus" had several owners and was registered in London in 1916. Several sources speak of a "Cyrus" and an incident at Pitcairn, but some call it a London whaler and others an American whaler. However, testimony from the crew confirms this ship was sailing elsewhere under a different Captain.
Crew.
Circa. 1838–1844
Possible location.
There are a few whalers named "Cyrus" from the same era. Spratly's "Cyrus" may be one of these shipwrecks:

</doc>
<doc id="21374713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374713" title="Chamas da Vida">
Chamas da Vida

Chamas da Vida () is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Rede Record. It premiered on July 8, 2008 and aired until April 28, 2009, at 9:45 p.m. schedule. Created by Cristianne Fridman, the telenovela is written by her in collaboration with Paula Richard, Renata Dias Gomes, Camilo Pellegrini and Nélio Abbade. It is directed by Edgard Miranda, Roberto Bomtempo and Rudi Lagemann.
Plot.
Pedro is a firefighter which lives in the neighborhood of Tinguá, in the border of Rio de Janeiro and Nova Iguaçu municipalities. After the sudden death of his parents, Pedro became responsible for the custody of his three brothers: Viviane, Rafael and trouble-maker Antônio, who works on GG (""Gelado-e-Gostoso"", which is Portuguese for ""Icy-and-Delicious""), a fictional ice cream factory located in Tinguá. At nights, Antônio and his gang (""Gangue do Ferro-Velho"", Portuguese for ""The Junkyard Gang"") practices acts of vandalism on the neighborhood, what makes his relationship with Pedro progressively estranged. Pedro dates Ivonete, twin sister of Lieutenant Wallace, Pedro's best friend since childhood.
Carolina is the only child of Walter and Arlete, founders of GG. She lives in the upper-class neighborhood of Urca and manages her own video production company. She dates Tomás for three years. She is about to marry him, without suspecting that all he wants is to take control of GG. Tomás is the son of manipulative Vilma, co-founder of GG, which wants them to get marry for her to control GG once again. Her late husband João co-founded GG with Walter, Arlete and her, but Walter dissolved the partnership after João was accused of corruption, taking control of all the factory shares himself.
Pedro and Carolina where friends at childhood, but lost personal contact after they became adults. After Antônio set fire on a fraternization of GG workers, they meet once again. They feel a sudden attraction for each other, what causes instantaneous jealousy on Tomás. A security worker delates Antônio, who loses his job, compromising even more the troubled relationship with his brother. Carolina was filming the fraternization and returns at the factory at the same night to pick up her camera. She sees herself trapped when somebody sets the building on fire. Pedro and Wallace go for her rescue and, on the meanwhile, Wallace dies. Antônio's gang was depredating GG's wall during the same night, and he is suspected of setting the place on fire. The factory works are transferred to a second building on the same area.
Realizing the mutual interest between Carolina and Pedro, Ivonete decides to ally with Tomás to separate them. The plan fails, and Carolina starts dating Pedro, while Tomás starts a relationship with Ivonete. Vilma, the real incendiary, falsifies an insurance policy to look like Walter set his own factory on fire. She set the factory on fire to eliminate proof that she and Tomás were committing corruption. Tomás' hate against Walter and his family is fed by his mother, who tells him that Walter was responsible for João's death. According to her, João could not handle the pressure of being accused by Walter and died of a heart attack. It is then revealed that João died after being hit on the head by Miguel, Vilma's lover. After discovering this, Tomás turns against his mother, which becomes the main suspect of setting the factory on fire after the testimonies of Verônica and Ricardo, secretaries on the factory, which had seen her with her second victim, an insurance worker which she bribed to falsify the policy whose car had blown up. After Walter dies on a set-up, it is revealed that there is a second incendiary, self-named "Phoenix", who is trying to incriminate Vilma. The identity of Walter's killer (i.e. "Phoenix") remained unknown until the last chapter, when the mysterious firer armed an ambush which resulted in Arlete's death (she was exploded alive inside her own car while chasing after Vilma) and Vilma incriminated with murder, thus sending her to prison. Through a teddy bear encasing a cell phone linked with a powerful bomb, "Phoenix" revealed himself to Vilma to be indeed Leo, partnered with his older sister Darlene, the villainess's former house maid. Leo and Darlene finally reveal their prime motive to destroy Vilma: they were both children of the deceased legist doctor whom Vilma bribed to deliver a false autopsy record surrounding João's death; times later, the same doctor, unable to live anymore with the shame of doing such an unethical thing, committed suicide, thus triggering Leo's and Darlene's thirst of revenge against Vilma for their father. Vilma is then killed by the blast, but "Phoenix"'s identities remained unknown for anyone else in the series.
Controversies.
One of the characters of the supporting cast, Viviane, gets involved with Lipe, a pedophile, on the internet. After his mother's death, Lipe moves from São Paulo to Nova Iguaçu, and ends up raping Viviane in the forest. After his second rape attempt, Lipe is caught by the police, but escapes. Viviane gets pregnant and undergoes an abortion. Besides being a legal procedure on rape cases in Brazil, abortion was never treated in a frank and positive way on telenovelas such as it has been on "Chamas da Vida". On the other hand, the telenovela also portrays the drama of women who decide to carry on a pregnancy resulted from rape with the character of Raíssa. She is forced by her parents to gave birth to Gabriel, who is raised as her brother. After both her parents die in a car accident, she becomes responsible for Gabriel, taking him from the countryside to Nova Iguaçu. The telenovela was also groundbreaking in Brazil for showing the prejudice transsexual people suffer with the character of Carlão/Docinho (lived by Roberto Bomtempo, one of its directors).
Audience.
"Chamas da Vida" premiered at second place on the audience ratings. After SBT started to rerun "Pantanal", the telenovela lost part of its audience. However, it remained on the second place, losing it to "Pantanal" once in a while. After the end of both "Pantanal" and Rede Globo's "A Favorita", "Chamas da Vida" rose its audience ratings. The telenovela has reached an average rating of 15,5 in Rio de Janeiro and of 13,8 in São Paulo. Although its audience rating is higher in Rio than in São Paulo, proportionally "Chamas da Vida" has almost the double of viewers in the latter.

</doc>
<doc id="21374761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374761" title="Wandsworth, New South Wales">
Wandsworth, New South Wales

Wandsworth is a locality on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia.
This locality is situated at the junction of Guyra and Wandsworth Roads, 63 kilometres north of Armidale and 54 km south of Glen Innes. It is in Guyra Shire with part of the surrounding district in Inverell Shire Council local government areas. Wandsworth is situated at approximately 1,100 metres elevation and has Limestone Creek passing nearby.
History.
Wandsworth was so named after the English counterpart in London. The name was originally used here for a squatting run in the Pastoral District of New England. In 1838 John and George Everett had taken up the Ollera run in the same area and later with Francis Halhed, they occupied Wandsworth Station. The station by 1850 was carrying 7,250 sheep, 1,150 cattle and 250 horses. A decade later, it carried 12,000 sheep, 2,000 cattle and 400 horses.
Ollera became essentially a semi-autonomous village with its own bakery, post office, store, bank, school (1862) and church. Masons, journeymen, farriers, shepherds, jobbers, stockmen, sheep shearers, carpenters and their families were all resident employees with their own houses. There was a medical fund and an amateur theatrical group. A cricket pitch (still in use) had been established by 1862 and it was the venue for a match with a touring English team in 1885. A wool scouring works was set up in 1895. "Ollera" Post Office opened on 1 July 1870, was renamed "Wandsworth" the same year and closed in 1968.
In 1876-77 St Bartholomew’s Church, was built on Ollera Road, Wandsworth for use by both the Anglican, and Presbyterian religions, on land which had been donated by Ollera Station. This church and Ollera Station have now been listed on the Register of the National Estate.
The Ollera Cemetery is one of the earliest cemeteries in the New England Region, believed to have commenced in 1843. Although now closed to general burials, it is still available to descendants of the original owners, and depicts the life of the early pioneers of the area.
Present day.
At the 2006 census, the census area around Wandsworth had a recorded population of 80 of which 52.5% were males and 47.5% females. The region had 24 families and 64 private dwellings (which includes unoccupied private dwellings).
The district’s primary industries are agriculture, with that being mostly dedicated to sheep and beef cattle breeding.

</doc>
<doc id="21374769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374769" title="Car crusher">
Car crusher

Car crushers are compactors and can be of two types: "pancake", where a scrap automobile is flattened by a huge descending hydraulically powered plate, or the baling press type, with which the automobile is compressed from several directions until it resembles a large cube. 
Car crushers can be stationary or mobile.
Car crushers in popular culture.
Car crushers have been popular in films as devices of murder or humour. They have appeared in such well known films as "Goldfinger", "Cleopatra Jones", "National Lampoon's Vacation", "I'll Never Forget What's'isname", "Kick-Ass", "Superman III", "Gone in 60 Seconds and Pulp Fiction" and many others.
They have also appeared in several television shows including "Mathnet's "The Case of the Great Car Robbery"". Joe Howard's character, George Frankly hid in a to-be-stolen car and the other characters thought he was still in the car after it was flattened by the crusher.
A car crusher was used to dispose of a Walt and Jesse's RV containing a mobile meth lab in season 3 of "Breaking Bad". 
A car crusher appeared in the junkyard scene of the Kushner-Locke/Disney movie "The Brave Little Toaster".
A car crusher also appears in the video games "Grand Theft Auto III", "" and "Mafia II" where the player can make money from stealing cars and take them to the crusher.
A car crusher also featured in "", Jack is seen tied to the steering wheel of his red Porsche Carrera 911, on a crusher in a junkyard, before Janella Salvador/Habib Diator's death. On the ground, Marcus Blackwell and a mobster are watching. He is about to be crushed to death, but he wakes up and manages to untie himself and escape the crusher in the last second. He sneaks out and steals an NFS Edition Audi RS4, barely escaping the junkyard alive. Soon, he is chased by multiple Porsche Cayennes, but Jack escapes.

</doc>
<doc id="21374774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374774" title="London 1883 chess tournament">
London 1883 chess tournament

The London 1883 chess tournament was a strong chess tournament among most of the leading players of the day. It was won convincingly by Johannes Zukertort (22 points out of 26) ahead of Wilhelm Steinitz (with 19 points). Remarkably, Zukertort was already assured of victory with three rounds to go, having scored an astonishing 22/23. He then lost his last three games against relatively weak players, probably due to exhaustion. The tournament established Zukertort as rivalling Steinitz to claim to be the best player in the world, and led to the World Chess Championship 1886 match between the two (the first official World Chess Championship match). The event was a double round-robin tournament. Marmaduke Wyvill contributed to organizing the tournament.
The tournament was also notable for the first use of the double-sided chess clock, manufactured by T.B. Wilson of Manchester. 
A common story relates to an incident that occurred at the tournament banquet, when the St. George Chess Club President proposed a toast to the best chess player in the world and both Steinitz and Zukertort stood up at the same time to thank him. Research by Edward Winter suggests that this story has been embellished.
The tournament book was dedicated to Prince Leopold, Duke of Albany, for his patronage of the tournament.
Crosstable.
The results and standings:
In this tournament a game ending in a draw was replayed at least twice. The third game after two draws would count, whatever the result.
External links.
1883 London Tournament, Mark Weeks' Chess Pages

</doc>
<doc id="21374780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374780" title="Penélope Nova">
Penélope Nova

Penélope Contrim Nova (Salvador, 19 August 1973) was an MTV Brazil VJ. She's a daughter of Marcelo Nova.
Career.
Penélope began her career in radio, and in 1997 joined MTV Brazil, where she worked as a TAR (Talent and Artist Relations) assistant. In 2001 she was invited to host a show called "Riff", on which she showed video clips of rock n' roll songs, and some time later Ponto Pê, a program that gave especially young people advice on sex. Penélope also hosted, by the year 2007, the youth program "A Fila Anda". Penélope recently had two other TV shows, one called "MTV na Rua" (MTV on the Street), on which she chatted with young people to ask their opinions about several issues of daily life, and the second was "Lavanderia MTV", on which she discussed themes about social problems. Her contract with MTV ended 'by mutual consent' in February 2011. However in March 2011 MTV reinstated her on their Staurdy morning slot.

</doc>
<doc id="21374812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374812" title="Weston Presidio">
Weston Presidio

Weston Presidio is an American private equity firm focused on growth capital investments in late-stage companies across a range of industries with a specific focus on the consumer products, business services, industrial, media, publishing, healthcare and technology sectors.
The firm, which is based in Boston, Massachusetts, has offices in San Francisco and Menlo Park, California.
Weston Preisido was founded in 1991 by Michael Cronin, who had previously run the Boston office of Security Pacific Venture Capital Group, and Michael Lazarus who had previously been managing director of the Private Placement Department of Montgomery Securities. The firm has raised approximately $3.21 billion since inception across five funds. Weston Presidio's fifth fund was raised in 2005 with approximately $1 billion of investor commitments and has been focused primarily on investments in more mature companies.
Through the years, Weston Presidio has shifted its focus from earlier stage venture capital to investments in more mature companies and occasionally through leveraged recapitalizations and leveraged buyouts.
Among Weston Presidio's most notable investments are: Associated Materials, Azul Brazilian Airlines, BlueArc, Boston Herald, Casella Waste Systems, Cybertrust, DTS Digital Theater Systems, Evenflo, Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, Learning Curve Brands, JetBlue Airways, Jimmy John's, Lion Brewery, Inc., MacDermid, MapQuest, Morris Air, Nebraska Book Company, NextMedia Group, Papyrus, Party City (aka Amscan), Restoration Hardware, Robb Report, Scene7, Thomas Weisel Partners, Tweeter Home Entertainment and Wild Oats Markets.

</doc>
<doc id="21374851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374851" title="Monopoly Deal">
Monopoly Deal

Monopoly Deal is a card game derived from the board-game "Monopoly", produced and sold by Parker Brothers under a license from Hasbro.
Players attempt to collect three different complete sets of cards representing the properties from the board game, either by playing them directly, stealing them from other players, or collecting them as rent for other properties they already own. The cards in the 110-card deck represent properties and wild cards, various denominations of Monopoly money used to pay rent, and special action cards which can either be played for their effects or banked as money instead.
Game steps.
You may put a house, then a hotel on a property full set if your have one, except Railroads and Utilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21374876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374876" title="Wilfrid Thomas Reid">
Wilfrid Thomas Reid

Wilfrid Thomas Reid (4 March 1887 - 5 April 1968) is an English aircraft designer and considered one of the pioneers of the Canadian aircraft industry.
Reid was born on 4 March 1887 in Battersea, Surrey. He died in Newton Abbot, Devon on 5 April 1968 of heart failure. He was married with two children.
Aviation career.
United Kingdom.
Reid did his apprenticeship from 1 June 1903 to 1 June 1908 at the Queen's Engineering Works of W. H. Allen, Son & Co. Ltd located in Queens Park, Bedford, England. His father, James Reid, was a manager at the Works. Reid then worked as a marine engineer with the Fairfield Shipyards on the River Clyde in Glasgow, Scotland. In the course of his work at the company, he travelled across the Atlantic several times.
During the initial stages of the First World War, Reid worked at the Royal Aircraft Factory. In 1916, Reid started working for the Bristol Aeroplane Company (then known as the British and Colonial Aeroplane Company) assisting Frank Barnwell, working on aircraft such as the Bristol M.R.1, the Braemar bomber, M.1D and Bristol Ten-seater, .
In October 1921 Barnwell left the company to emigrate to Australia and Reid took over the role as chief designer, designing the Bristol Racer, Bloodhound and Berkeley. Barnwell subsequently returned in 1923 and displaced Reid as chief designer. This caused Reid to leave the company.
Canada.
Canadian Vickers Limited.
In 1924, Canadian Vickers Limited hired Reid to be their chief aircraft designer. The company was located in Montreal, Canada. Reid was given the plans for an aircraft started by R. K. Pierson who worked for Vickers Limited, the British parent company of Canadian Vickers Limited.
Reid, together with a man named Newall, developed the design into the aircraft known as the Vedette. "The design and production of the Canadian Vickers Vedette marked the true beginning of the Canadian aircraft industry."
Reid Aircraft Company.
Reid founded the Reid Aircraft Company in February 1928. The company was based at what was to become known as the Cartierville Airport. The objective of the company was to design and produce a light training aircraft initially called the Reid Rambler. but subsequently became known as the Curtiss-Reid Rambler
Curtiss-Reid Aircraft Company.
In December 1928, the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company bought the Reid Aircraft Company. The company was renamed to the Curtiss-Reid Aircraft Company. Curtiss-Reid went bankrupt in 1931 and was sold to a new company called Montreal Aircraft Industries. Reid was not part of the new company.
Crude Oil Engine and Engineering Co..
Several years after he sold Reid Aircraft, he bought a diesel engine sales agency, the Crude Oil Engine Co. (which he renamed the Crude Oil Engine and Engineering Co.). It supplied engines for marine use and other purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="21374914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374914" title="Władysław of Legnica">
Władysław of Legnica

Władysław of Legnica (; 6 June 1296 – after 13 January 1352), was a Duke of Legnica during 1296-1312 (with his brothers until 1311 and briefly alone during 1311-1312), of Brzeg and Wrocław during 1296-1311 (with his brothers). 
He was the third son of Henry V the Fat, Duke of Legnica and Wrocław, by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Boleslaw the Pious, Duke of Greater Poland. He was born four months after his father's death, on 22 February 1296.
Life.
Since his birth, Władysław was under the tutelage of both his mother, the Dowager Duchess Elisabeth (d. 1304) and his paternal uncle Bolko I (d. 1301). Between 1301-02 the official guardianship of Henry V's sons was taken by Henry of Würben, Bishop of Wroclaw, and finally the authority over the Duchy of Wrocław-Legnica was taken by King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and Poland personally.
In 1311 as a result of the pressure of the nobility of both Wrocław and Legnica (tired of the neglected rule of Bolesław III), the Duchy was divided into three parts: Wrocław, Legnica and Brzeg. The poorest and least important was Brzeg. In the division treaty it was stipulated that the brother who took this district would receive from the other two a payment of 50,000 pieces of silver. As the oldest, Bolesław III was allowed to choose first; as he had financial problems, he surprised his brothers by choosing Brzeg and the monetary compensation, so Henry could take Wrocław and Władysław obtain Legnica.
However, Władysław's reign over Legnica lasted only less than a year (1312) when he was deprived of the power by his older brother Bolesław III, because he wasn't able to pay the financial obligations imposed in the division treaty, but the official pretext was his mental instability. Two years later, in 1314 —and after unsuccessfully attempts to pay his debt and retake Legnica— Władysław's older brothers supported him to take up a spiritual career and he was appointed Canon in Wrocław. 
Another important turning point Władysław's life occurred around 1325, when he fled to Masovia, broke his vows and married with Anna, the daughter of Duke Bolesław II on 13 August of that year. However, after three years (1328) —during which he unsuccessfully struggled to obtain his bride's dowry from her brothers— Władysław left his wife and returned to Silesia. The formal dissolution of the marriage was granted one year later, around 13 January 1329. 
At that time, Władysław sold all his rights over Legnica to John of Luxemburg, King of Bohemia. This fact left his older brother Bolesław III in an uncomfortable situation. Władysław arrived as a vassal of Bohemia and with the orders to take control over his former land. However, Bolesław III made a quick move, and on 9 May 1329 he paid homage to King John and declared himself as his vassal. Władysław probably witnessed this, because he was along with the King on an expedition to cross Lithuania, for which he was set off against the Teutonic Order. 
The money that Władysław received from John of Luxembourg was quickly exhausted. To survive, he become in the chief of a band and with them, he was dedicated to looting the lands of his brother Bolesław III. Captured, he was imprisoned for half a year in a dungeon of the Legnica castle, and was released only thanks to the intervention of his brother Henry VI the Good. Despite a pension granted to him by his brothers, he reasumed his criminal activities. Once captured, he was imprisoned for over a year in dungeons.
When Władysław finally regained his freedom, he was a shadow of himself. His mental illness worsened during his captivity. Bolesław III decided to maintain him under his custody, and Władysław spent the rest of his life throughout Silesia, under close supervision. The exact date of his death is unknown, the only certain fact is that he survived his brothers and the day of his death was around 11 January.

</doc>
<doc id="21374928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374928" title="Andy Wiren">
Andy Wiren

Anders (Andy) Galbraith Wiren (14 November 1911 — 18 September 1998), was a New Zealand cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Wellington where he was born. Wiren made two first-class appearances for the team, during the 1945-46 season. In the four innings in which he batted, he scored a total of 100 runs, including an innings-best 84 runs on his debut against Otago.
Wiren's father, also named Anders, played non-first class cricket for Wellington, and stood as an umpire in two first-class matches.
He died in Wellington, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="21374941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374941" title="Kathy Davison">
Kathy Davison

Kathleen A. "Kathy" Davison (born October 1, 1945) is a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives. She is a Latter-day Saint. she is currently sponsoring House Bill 120 to make Assisted Suicide a crime, and House Bill 120 to make the killing of an unborn child along with her mother a double murder.
Davison and her husband William Davison are the parents of four children. She is Mormon.

</doc>
<doc id="21374985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374985" title="864th Bombardment Squadron">
864th Bombardment Squadron

The 864th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 494th Bombardment Wing, based at Sheppard AFB, Texas. It was inactivated on 2 April 1966.
History.
Established in late 1943 as a B-24 Liberator heavy bomb squadron under II Bomber Command at Wendover Field, Utah; later moving to Mountain Home Army Air Field, Idaho to complete its final phase of training. At Mountain Home, the squadron received new very long range B-24J aircraft in early May. 
Deployed to Hawaii Territory and assigned to VII Bomber Command. Remained in Hawaii with aircraft undergoing modifications while training for long range flights over the Pacific Ocean. Deployed to Angaur in the Palau Islands in October, flying very long range combat missions against Japanese airfields on Yap and Koror. Conducted strikes on other bypassed enemy installations in the Pacific and against the Japanese in the Philippines. Late in 1944 hit gun emplacements, personnel areas, and storage depots on Corregidor and Caballo at the entrance to Manila Bay; bombed radio installations and power plants at Japanese bases in the Philippines; and attacked enemy-held airfields, including Clark Field on Luzon. Early in 1945 struck airfields on Mindanao and ammunition and supply dumps in the Davao Gulf and Illana Bay areas.
Moved to Okinawa in June 1945. Engaged primarily in attacks against enemy airfields on Kyūshū until V-J Day. Also participated in incendiary raids, dropped propaganda leaflets over urban areas of Kyūshū and struck airfields in China, in southern Korea, and around the Inland Sea of Japan.
After the war's end in September, the unit remained on Okinawa as older units began to demobilize. The squadron was engaged in transporting personnel and supplies in the Southwest Pacific, and moving necessary occupation support elements from Manila to Tokyo. Began to demobilize in November and December, with personnel returning to the United States; inactivated as a paper unit in the United States on January 4, 1946.
Reactivated by Strategic Air Command in 1958 as Missile Training squadron at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama. Provided training for Italian Air Force personnel in the operation and launching of the PGM-19 Jupiter Intermediate-Range Missie. Inactivated 1 June 1960.
Reactivated under Strategic Air Command in 1963, being a redesignation of the provisional 717th Bombardment Squadron, consisting of 15 B-52D Stratofortresses at Sheppard AFB, Texas. Performed intercontinental training and deployments, also standing nuclear alert. By 1966, Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) had been deployed and become operational as part of the United States' strategic triad, and the need for B-52s had been reduced. In addition, funds were also needed to cover the costs of combat operations in Indochina. The squadron was inactivated on 1 April 1966 and its aircraft were reassigned to other SAC units. 

</doc>
<doc id="21375012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375012" title="Anti-nuclear movement in Austria">
Anti-nuclear movement in Austria

Construction of the first Austrian nuclear power plant in Zwentendorf on the Danube, about 20 miles upstream from the capital, Vienna, began in 1972. Zwentendorf Nuclear Power Plant was designed as a boiling water reactor with a capacity of 700 MW(e), that was expected to generate about 10% of the Austrian electricity production.
Many groups in the public society stood up against this commercial-technical development. From heritage and family orientated more conservative people to utopy driven leftists. Activists for nature and environment to critical technicians. They organised in a platform called "IÖAG - Initiative österreichischer Atomkraftwerksgegner" (transliterated: IOeAG), edited a simple DIN A5 brochure "Wie ist das mit den Atomkraftwerken wirklich?" (What is it about the nuclear power plants, really?) and an in volume and circulation growing newspaper, both financed by private members and a selling price. Many activists organised in groups, presented information desks, spoke to passing people visited and contributed offensive to official information events.
However, in June 1978, the Socialist Chancellor Dr. Kreisky, announced a referendum on nuclear power, which was set down for November 5, 1978. The referendum resulted in a narrow majority against the Zwentendorf plant. Nearly two thirds of the voters (3.26 million people) went to the polls and of these 49.5% voted for, and 50.5% against, nuclear power.
Newspapers did not write much about accidents, that already had happened until then. But Verbundkonzern - owing the big water power plants (and the grid) in Austria - feared a lowering of the price of electricity by the upcoming of nuclear power and started an advertising campaign in the months before the referendum in "Kronenzeitung". Suddenly this wide circulated newspaper publicated a series about the history and the accidents of nuclear power.
The Zwentendorf plant was completed but has never produced electricity from nuclear energy.
Austrian Chancellor Werner Faymann expects anti-nuclear petition drives to start in at least six European Union countries in 2012 with the goal of having the EU abandon nuclear power. Under the EU's Lisbon Treaty, petitions that attract at least one million signatures can seek legislative proposals from the European Commission. This would pave the way for anti-nuclear activists to increase support.

</doc>
<doc id="21375024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375024" title="Bob Shemonski">
Bob Shemonski

Bob "Shoo Shoo" Shemonski (born c. 1933, date of death unknown) was an American football player. He played college football as an end and back for the Maryland Terrapins and was selected in the 1952 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears.
Biography.
A native of Archbald, Pennsylvania, Shemonski was born circa 1933. He attended the University of Maryland and played on the varsity football team under head coach Jim Tatum from 1949 to 1951. During that period, Maryland posted a 26-3-1 record. Shemonski scored five touchdowns in the 1950 game against Virginia Tech, which remains a school record to date. Shemonski remains in the school's top-ten in numerous other categories as well: career and single-game yards per carry; career, single-season, and single-game rushing touchdowns; single-season all-purpose yards; career yards per kick return; single-season punt returns; career and single-season punt return yards; career and single-season yards per punt return; single-season points; career and single-season touchdowns. He earned the nickname "Shoo Shoo", as explained by Maryland guard Bob Ward, "The guy stood right in front of me in the huddle and never said one word the whole time we played together."
In 1949, Tatum's third year, Maryland posted a 9–1 record with a loss only to 13th-ranked Michigan State. In the postseason, Shemonski scored two of the Terps' three touchdowns in the 1950 Gator Bowl win over Missouri. In 1950, Shemonski was the Southern Conference season scoring leader with 97 points. At the time, that was also a new school record and exceeded Lu Gambino's 96 points in 1947. That year, he was the team's leading rusher with 101 carries for 560 yards and kickoff-return leader with ten returns for 259 yards. In 1951, he was again the team kickoff return leader with six returns for 126 yards (an 21.0 yard average). Shemonski played for Maryland in their 1952 Sugar Bowl victory over first-ranked Tennessee. He set the Maryland record for single-game interceptions with three, which was later tied by Tom Brown and Bob Sullivan in 1965. He participated in the 1952 Senior Bowl, alongside fellow Terps Ed Modzelewski and Bob Ward.
The Chicago Bears of the National Football League selected Shemonski in the thirtieth round (356 overall) of the 1952 NFL Draft. After two years in the United States military, he played for the Ottawa Rough Riders as a halfback in 1955. He died prior to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21375091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375091" title="Ruth Abbey">
Ruth Abbey

Ruth Abbey is an Australian political philosopher with interests in contemporary political theory, history of political thought and feminist political thought. 
She is a John Cardinal O'Hara, C.S.C. Associate Professor in the Department of Political Science of the University of Notre Dame.
Work.
Feminist Liberalism
In her forthcoming publication, "The Return of Feminist Liberalism", Abbey examines a number of contemporary feminists who, notwithstanding decades of feminist critique, are unwilling to give up on liberalism. Her examination centres on the work of Martha Nussbaum, the late Susan Moller Okin (1946–2004) and the late Jean Hampton (1954–1996) all of whom situate themselves within the liberal tradition and outline well developed positions on the compatibility of feminism and liberalism.
Abbey examines why, and in what ways, each of them believes that liberalism contains the normative and political resources for the continuing improvement of women's situations. She asks whether they are cognizant of, and can reply to, the major criticisms of liberalism mounted by many feminists. Abbey also brings out and tries to explain and evaluate the differences among these three feminist-liberals, despite their shared allegiance to this tradition. Okin, Nussbaum and Hampton do not, however, represent a minority of three in their faith in liberalism, so in addition Abbey surveys the arguments made by other contemporary feminists who see some ongoing value in liberalism, eliciting both the promise they see for women in some of liberalism’s ideas as well as demonstrating how liberalism itself can be made more robust by attending to women’s concerns.
Nietzsche
At the core of Abbey’s writings about Nietzsche is a study of his middle period works, "Human, All Too Human", "Daybreak", and "The Gay Science". Her analysis provides insights on Nietzsche’s morality touching on issues such as friendship, gender, marriage, egoism, pity and politics. One reviewer, writing in "The Review of Metaphysics", called "Nietzsche’s Middle Period" a "well researched...synopsis of Nietzsche's works from 1878 to 1882," the aim of which "is to defend the distinctiveness, as well as the 'superior worth', of this neglected phase of Nietzsche’s development..."
Since 2003 she has managed an extensive online resource, supported by the University of Kent and the British Academy, for the works by and about Charles Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="21375095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375095" title="865th Technical Training Squadron">
865th Technical Training Squadron

The 865th Technical Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 1st Missile Division, based at Redstone Arsenal. Huntsville, Alabama. It was inactivated on November 1, 1959. 
History.
Established in late 1943 as a B-24 Liberator heavy bomb squadron under II Bomber Command at Wendover Field, Utah, later moving to Mountain Home Army Air Field, Idaho to complete its final phase of training. At Mountain Home, the squadron received new very long range B-24J aircraft in early May. 
Deployed to Hawaii Territory and assigned to VII Bomber Command. Remained in Hawaii with aircraft undergoing modifications while training for long range flights over the Pacific Ocean. Deployed to Angaur in the Palau Islands in October, flying very long range combat missions against Japanese airfields on Yap and Koror. Conducted strikes on other bypassed enemy installations in the Pacific and against the Japanese in the Philippines. Late in 1944 hit gun emplacements, personnel areas, ant storage depots on Corregidor and Caballo at the entrance to Manila Bay; bombed radio installations and power plants at Japanese bases in the Philippines; and attacked enemy-held airfields, including Clark Field on Luzon. Early in 1945 struck airfields on Mindanao and ammunition and supply dumps in the Davao Gulf and Illana Bay areas.
Moved to Okinawa in June 1945. Engaged primarily in attacks against enemy airfields on Kyūshū until V-J Day. Also participated in incendiary raids, dropped propaganda leaflets over urban areas of Kyūshū and struck airfields in China, in southern Korea, and around the Inland Sea of Japan.
After the war's end in September, the unit remained on Okinawa as older units began to demobilize. The squadron was engaged in transporting personnel and supplies in the Southwest Pacific, and moving necessary occupation support elements from Manila to Tokyo. Began to demobilize in November and December, with personnel returning to the United States; inactivated as a paper unit in the United States on January 4, 1946.
Reactivated by Strategic Air Command in 1958 as Missile Training squadron at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama. Provided training for Italian Air Force personnel in the operation and launching of the PGM-19 Jupiter Intermediate-Range Missie. Inactivated 1 November 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="21375107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375107" title="Kodemmachō Station">
Kodemmachō Station

Station layout.
Kodemmachō has two platforms separated by two tracks. Track 1 is for passengers traveling toward Ginza and Naka-Meguro Stations. Track 2 serves those heading toward Ueno and Kita-Senju Stations.
Around the station.
The station serves the Kodenmachō neighborhood. The area has many office buildings. The boundary of Chūō and Chiyoda wards is nearby.
History.
Kodenmachō Station opened on May 31, 1962. 
On March 20, 1995, four people died on the station platform as victims of the Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway.

</doc>
<doc id="21375152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375152" title="Owen Petersen">
Owen Petersen

Owen Petersen (born November 29, 1942) is a Republican member of the Wyoming State House of Representatives for the 19th district, encompassing Uinta County.
Biography.
Owen Petersen was born on November 19, 1942 in Lyman, Wyoming. He received a B.S. in 1965, an M.S. in 1967, and a J.D. in 1974, all from the University of Wyoming.
He is a retired military officer.
He has been a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives since 2001. In 2009, he sponsored HB 74, a bill that would have made marriage contracts from out-of-state valid in Wyoming so long as they involve one man and one woman.
He is a member of the National Rifle Association, the American Legion, the Lions Clubs International, Ducks Unlimited, and the AARP. He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He is married with three children and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21375168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375168" title="866th Technical Training Squadron">
866th Technical Training Squadron

The 866th Technical Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 1st Missile Division, based at Redstone Arsenal. Huntsville, Alabama. It was inactivated on 25 May 1962.
History.
Established in late 1943 as a B-24 Liberator heavy bomb squadron under II Bomber Command at Wendover Field, Utah; later moving to Mountain Home Army Air Field, Idaho to complete its final phase of training. At Mountain Home, the squadron received new very long range B-24J aircraft in early May. 
Deployed to Hawaii Territory and assigned to VII Bomber Command. Remained in Hawaii with aircraft undergoing modifications while training for long range flights over the Pacific Ocean. Deployed to Angaur in the Palau Islands in October, flying very long range combat missions against Japanese airfields on Yap and Koror. Conducted strikes on other bypassed enemy installations in the Pacific and against the Japanese in the Philippines. Late in 1944 hit gun emplacements, personnel areas, ant storage depots on Corregidor and Caballo at the entrance to Manila Bay; bombed radio installations and power plants at Japanese bases in the Philippines; and attacked enemy-held airfields, including Clark Field on Luzon. Early in 1945 struck airfields on Mindanao and ammunition and supply dumps in the Davao Gulf and Illana Bay areas.
Moved to Okinawa in June 1945. Engaged primarily in attacks against enemy airfields on Kyūshū until V-J Day. Also participated in incendiary raids, dropped propaganda leaflets over urban areas of Kyūshū and struck airfields in China, in southern Korea, and around the Inland Sea of Japan.
After the war's end in September, the unit remained on Okinawa as older units began to demobilize. The squadron was engaged in transporting personnel and supplies in the Southwest Pacific, and moving necessary occupation support elements from Manila to Tokyo. Began to demobilize in November and December, with personnel returning to the United States; inactivated as a paper unit in the United States on January 4, 1946.
Reactivated by Strategic Air Command in 1958 as Missile Training squadron at Redstone Arsenal, Alabama. Provided training for Italian Air Force personnel in the operation and launching of the PGM-19 Jupiter Intermediate-Range Missie. Inactivated 25 May 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="21375200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375200" title="A Cat in the Brain">
A Cat in the Brain

A Cat in the Brain (Italian: Un gatto nel cervello; also known as Nightmare Concert and I volti del terrore) is a 1990 Italian horror film written and directed by the "Italian godfather of gore"Lucio Fulci. "A Cat in the Brain" is one of Lucio Fulci's final films and is notable for self-reflexively summing up his career. The film is a meta-film in which the director appears playing himself, a tortured horror filmmaker who is driven by the violent visions that he experiences both behind the camera and off the set. Feeling like he's losing his grip on reality and disturbed by murderous fantasies, Fulci consults a psychotherapist. The "shrink" exploits the director's vulnerabilities to his own murderous ends. "A Cat in the Brain" has been called the horror film equivalent of Federico Fellini's "8½", using cynical, Grand Guignol humour. Juxtaposing gory horror clips from several of his own past horror films which he either directed and/or produced, Lucio Fulci shot a wrap-around segment featuring his own plot and used Vincenzo Tomassi's film editing (as well as his own voice over) to create the storyline – a personal insight into the effects of horror filmmaking on the psyche.
Plot.
Haunted by his own bloody horror film visions and with news of real life murders happening in Rome, splatter film director Lucio Fulci (playing himself) seeks the advice of a psychiatrist.
Dr. Lucio Fulci (more or less playing himself) is a former medical doctor-turned director of gory horror films. He wraps up shooting for the day on his latest film 'Touch of Death' with Brett Halsey playing the human monster/cannibal of women. Fulci leaves the Cincettia Studios for a local restaurant down the street. The young friendly waiter recognizes him and suggests his typical meal: a fillet of steak, or steak tarter. Fulci cannot look at the sample plates of meat without having flashbacks to the cannibalistic scene hed been filming earlier. Shaken, he leaves the restaurant without ordering a meal. Later, while checking an effects shot from another movie, Fulci irritably snaps at a technician to get a plate of animal eyeballs out of his sight.
Returning home to his row house in an old suburb of Rome, the troubled director tries to sleep, but the noise of a handyman's chainsaw outside keeps him awake with recollections of his own recently shot chainsaw mayhem. In a rage, Fulci storms outside and smashes a hachet into cans of paint belonging to the handyman. The spilled red paint reminds Fulci of the acid/blood scene in 'The Beyond'. 
Fulci walks from his home and discovers that one of his neighbors in a psychiatricst. Meanwhile, Professor Egon Swharz (David L. Thompson) is arguing with his wife Katya (Melissa Lang). Their bitter routine row is interrupted by the intercom buzzing where his secretary Nurse Lilly (Judy Morrow) informing him of this latest walk-in. Professor Swharz walks in and accepts Fulci into his books for a session. After walking out of the reception area, Nurse Lilly immediately phones a friend saying "guess who just walked in as a patient!" Swhartz discusses Fulcis recent problems and suggests that he's "breaking down the barrier, the boundary between what you film and whats real."
The next day at Cinecitta, Fulci's producer Filippo (Shilett Angel) tells him that the pace has to be stepped up on filming. Fulci is revealed to making two films at the same time: 'The Touch of Death', and 'Ghosts of Sodom'. Robert Egon, the young actor playing the Nazi seducer in the later film, approaches Fulci in a corridor to discuss his role. "Your presence should make a deadly impression", says Fulci. "You are after all a symbol of death. And you've also the whole horror of the Nazis. Get me?" Fulci talks the actors through the seduction scene in 'Ghost of Sodom'. When the filming is done, Fulci staggers out into a corridor muttering, "Sadism, Nazism; is there any point any more?"
No sooner has Fulci left the set when his producer steers him into a studio suite for an interview with a Munich news crew. The sight of the tall, blond, German lady reporter's long legs triggers a vision of sexual abandon in Nazi Germany (from the film 'Ghosts of Sodom') When Fulci recovers from his vision, he finds himself outside again with his producer saying, "Lucio, you must stop! Stop, in the name of God!" Filippo informs the confused director that he has just run amuck, smashed the TV crews camera and tried to rip the interviewer's clothes off.
Professor Swharz calls Fulci for another consultation after he had watched all of his films. He suggests using hypnosis. Once Fulci is under, the Professor's true colors are revealed. He switches on a buzzer device and describes a mad scheme: "You'll do everything I tell you when you hear this sound. Your mind will make you live scenes you think are real. You will slowly be possessed by madness. You'll think youve committed terrible crimes." After the session is over, Fulci leaves unable to remember anything. Swharz then embarks on a killing spree, starting with the murder of a local prostitute that evening. Fulci arrives on the scene after the police show up and thinks he committed the murder. Running away, his car breaks down en route to a film location shoot. When he arrives at a cemetery where a nighttime Gothic scene is to be filmed, he finds that his assistant director, and Filippo his producer, have started filming without him.
Back home the following morning, Fulci tries to relax, but with each simple action, he is plagued by memories and visions of screen violence from his movies. Fleeing his house, he goes for a drive. But Swharz follows him and commits three more murders, first a couple in a remote boathouse, and the groundskeeper who witnesses him. Fulci arrives on the scene forcing Swharz to hide, and again Fulci thinks he committed the murders. Getting back into his car for a drive down a long country road, Fulci hallucinates about running over a tramp (from the movie 'Touch of Death'). After returning home, Fulci phones the police station to speak to his friend Inspector Gabrielli (Jeoffrey Kennedy) intending to make a "confession." But he learns that Gabrielli is on vacation.
After another visit to Professor Swharz is of little help to cure him of his waking nightmares, Fulci decides to drive over to Inspector Gabrielli's house in the hope of speaking to him. Swharz follows him there with the buzzer device. Fulci lets himself into his friend's house, and immediately suffers from visions of Gabrielle's family being stabbed, chainsawed, and decapitated. Fulci staggers outside to be greeted by the returning policeman, who reassures the flaky director that his family are safely on holiday in Sardinia. When Fulci expresses his visions to Gabrielli and that he may have killed some people, the cheerful police detective responds, "If you're trying to create a sensation like you do in your films, this time you've goofed."
Meanwhile, Professor Swharz can stand no more of his wife's bland contempt for him and his practice. So, the insane psychiatrist strangles her to death by ripping out a wire from his wife's piano and nearly decapitates her with it. Swharz then heads out again to tail Fulci, who under the influence of hynosis again, suffers through one more blast of violent imagery and faints in the middle of a field. He comes round the next morning to discover a cat digging up the loosely buried remains of another Swharz victim. As Fulci scrapes soil from the dead features, Inspector Gabrielli appears behind him. Before Fulci can protest his innocence, Gabrielli informs him that Swharz has been shot dead by his men who were tailing Fulci which he ordered after their conversation the previous day, who caught the mad psychiatrist in the act.
Several months later. Fulci and the beautiful Nurse Lilly sail on his sailboat, 'Preversion' (named from his first thriller movie). Fulci looks furtively around and follows the young woman into the cabin-quarters. Suddenly, the sound of a chainsaw revs up, followed by her terrified screams. Fulci emerges from the cabin a minute later with a basket of her body parts and attaches the severed fingers onto fishing hooks which he casually casts into the water. Just when it appears that Fulci is really a crazed killer after all, it is revealed that this 'killing' is the very last shot of his newest film, 'Nightmare Concert', captured by a film crew sailing alongside. Bidding goodbye to his colleagues, Fulci happily sails out of the harbor with his very-much alive leading lady.
Production.
The film was composed almost entirely in post-production, assembled from clips from Lucio Fulci's past horror films. The wrap-around segments featuring Lucio Fulci were largely shot in and around Rome's famous Cinecittà Studios, home of master Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini.<br>
The film has two different endings, depending on what country it is being shown in. <br>
Brett Halsey said in an interview that he didn't even know he was in the film until quite some time after the film was released. Fulci had used clips of Halsey from an earlier film "Touch of Death" without ever notifying Halsey. Halsey said it kind of spoiled his previously good relationship with Fulci, because he felt that Fulci should've paid him something for doing that, even if it was just a small token payment.
Partial list of films that were sourced:
Release.
The original film was first released in Italy on 8 August 1990, and was released in the USA and Japan on laserdisc in the late 1990s. The uncut, uncensored director's cut of the film was released in North America for the first time on DVD on 31 March 2009 by Grindhouse Releasing on the Ryko/Warner Brothers label. The release features new Grindhouse Releasing interviews with director Fulci and star, Brett Halsey, as well as numerous other extras and bonus materials. Liner notes have been contributed by the filmmaker's daughter, Antonella Fulci, as well as acclaimed horror novelist David J. Schow and American horror film director Eli Roth ("Hostel", "Cabin Fever"). Grindhouse Releasing/Box Office Spectaculars continues to be the official licensed distributor of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="21375210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375210" title="Donald DeMag">
Donald DeMag

Donald DeMag (December 15, 1922 -- December 8, 1954) was the last person executed by Vermont.
Life.
Donald Edward DeMag was born in Burlington, Vermont on December 15, 1922.
Prior to his death sentence, DeMag had been sentenced to life imprisonment after being convicted of murder, and had escaped and been recaptured while trying to enter Canada.
In 1952, DeMag and fellow-prisoner Francis Blair escaped from the state prison in Windsor by crashing a laundry truck through the front gates.
While on the run, DeMag and Blair had attacked Elizabeth Weatherup and her husband in Springfield, Vermont. DeMag and Blair beat the couple with a lead pipe as they attempted to rob them. Weatherup died of her injuries. Two days after their escape, DeMag and Blair were recaptured. They were tried for first-degree murder, convicted and sentenced to death by electric chair.
Blair and DeMag were both executed by electric chair. Blair was executed on February 8, 1954.
Death and burial.
DeMag was executed at the prison in Windsor on December 8, 1954. He was buried at Holy Family Cemetery in Essex Junction, Vermont.
Later death penalty case.
Although DeMag was the last person executed by Vermont, he was not the last person to be sentenced to death by a Vermont court. Lionel Goyet, a soldier who was Absent Without Leave for the fifth time, robbed and killed a farmhand, and was sentenced to death in 1957. His sentence was commuted six months later, and Goyet was conditionally pardoned in 1969. He had no further problems with the law, and died in 1980.
The death penalty was effectively abolished by Vermont in 1965. It remained as a possible sentence if a defendant was convicted of murdering a prison employee or law enforcement officer, but was never used. As a result, the possibility of a death sentence in such cases was removed from state statutes by the Vermont General Assembly in 1987.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21375211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375211" title="Battle of Honsinger Bluff">
Battle of Honsinger Bluff

The Battle of Honsinger Bluff was a conflict between the United States Army and the Sioux people on August 4, 1873 along the Yellowstone River near present-day Miles City, Montana. The main combatants were units of the U.S. 7th Cavalry under Lt. Col. George Armstrong Custer, and Native Americans from the village of the Hunkpapa medicine man, Sitting Bull, many of whom would clash with Custer again approximately three years later at the Battle of the Little Big Horn.
Geography.
The Battle of Honsinger Bluff took place at a point approximately west of the confluence of the Tongue River and Yellowstone River. The battlefield, on a floodplain of the Yellowstone River, is dominated by a massive gravelly hill to the northeast, often referenced as the "Big Hill" in historical accounts of the battle, but referenced locally as "Yellowstone Hill". This hill is nearly long and between 1 to wide with steep slopes of 200 to . It is the present location of the Miles City Airport. To the east and south lies the Yellowstone River. The floodplain, varying between 1 and in width, extends westerly upstream along the Yellowstone for nearly until it meets Locke Bluff near Hathaway, Montana. Key positions involved a bluff, Honsinger Bluff, on the southwesterly face of Yellowstone Hill, and two large groves of cottonwood trees on old channels of the Yellowstone, one approximately westerly of Yellowstone Hill and the second approximately westerly.
Participants.
U.S. Army forces.
Custer and units of the 7th Cavalry were part of the military column commanded by Col. David S. Stanley accompanying the 1873 Northern Pacific Railway survey party surveying the north side of the Yellowstone River west of the Powder River in eastern Montana. Stanley's column consisted of a 1,300 man force of cavalry, infantry, and two artillery pieces (3" rifled Rodman guns). It traveled with 275 mule-drawn wagons and 353 civilians involved in the survey. 27 Indian and mixed-blood scouts supported the column.
Native American forces.
The Native American forces were from the lodge of Sitting Bull, situated near Locke Bluff to the west, estimated at anywhere from 400 to 500 lodges. It included Hunkpapa Sioux under Gall accompanied by the warchief Rain in the Face, Oglala Sioux under Crazy Horse, and Miniconjou and Cheyenne.
The prelude.
On Sunday, August 3, 1873, Stanley's column camped near the mouth of Sunday Creek, a tributary to the Yellowstone on the northeasterly end of Yellowstone Hill. Early on the morning of August 4, the column moved up the northwest side of the hill along the south fork of Sunday Creek. Capt. George W. Yates with a troop of cavalry accompanied the surveyors along the southeast side of the hill along the Yellowstone River. Custer, with Companies A and B of the 7th Cavalry under the command of Capt. Myles Moylan scouted to the west ahead of the Stanley column. Custer's group consisted of 86 men, 5 officers and Indian scouts. Custer's brother, Lt. Tom Custer, and his brother-in-law, Lt. James Calhoun, accompanied him.
Custer's troops traveled along the top of Yellowstone Hill and then descended a steep buffalo trail on its northwesterly end on to the broad, grass covered flood plain. Custer spotted a wooded area along the Yellowstone, about to the West that would be a suitable location for the Stanley column to camp that evening. He dismounted his men in the woods, where they napped and fished in the river. Their horses grazed on the grassy floodplain. Having a premonition of danger, Custer set out two four-man guard patrols.
Scouts from Sitting Bull's village traveled along the Yellowstone west of Yellowstone Hill but did not appear to be aware of the presence of the Stanley column. They did, however, spot Custer's group resting in the woods. Reinforcements were obtained from Sitting Bull's village and by noon somewhere between 100 and 300 Indians were hiding in the second wooded area west of Custer's location.
The battle.
The decoy move.
A small band of Indians approached the cavalry's grazing horse from the West. They were spotted by the guard units, who alerted the other troops. Custer ordered his men to saddle up and he began to pursue the Indian riders in the company of his orderly and Lt. Calhoun. Tom Custer followed with a group of approximately 20 troopers. Myles Moylan led the remainder of the unit behind Tom Custer. George Custer halted his pursuit and the Indian riders also halted. When he would proceed, they would proceed. They were headed toward the wooded area along the river about from where Custer's troops were located. This was a similar tactic used by the Indians in the Fetterman Massacre near Fort Phil Kearny, Wyoming in December 1866. As he approached the wooded area, the force of Indians hidden in the woods, estimated as anywhere from 100 to 300, broke out in pursuit of Custer.
Custer retreated through a skirmish line formed by Tom Custer's men. The volley from the skirmish line distracted the pursuing Indians enough to halt their charge. Custer had Moylan pull back to the wooded area previously occupied by his troops.
The siege.
After reaching the wooded area, the cavalry troops dismounted, forming a semicircular perimeter along a former channel of the Yellowstone. The usual configuration for dismounted cavalry was every fourth man holding horses, however, due to the length of the semicircular perimeter, every eighth man held horses. The bank of the dry channel served as a natural parapet.
The Indian forces laid siege to the cavalry troops, but with little effect. About an hour into the battle, a force of nearly 50 warriors attempted to flank the cavalry's perimeter by traveling down along the river. They were hidden by the high bank, however a scout accompanying them was spotted and drew fire. The group, thinking they had been discovered, retreated.
The flanking tactic having failed, the Indians set fire to the grass hoping to use the smoke as a screen to approach the cavalry perimeter. However, Custer's troops likewise used the smoke as a screen to move closer to the Indian forces and the tactic did not favor either side.
The siege continued for about three hours in reported heat.
The ambush of Honsinger.
The 7th Cavalry's senior veterinary surgeon, Dr. John Honsinger, rode with Stanley's column, along with the suttler, Augustus Baliran. Honsinger was a German native who, in 1869, was appointed as the first veterinary surgeon for the post-Civil War 7th cavalry.
New York Tribune correspondent Samuel J. Barrows, with the Stanley column, had ridden with Dr. Honsinger earlier in the day and described him as "a fine-looking, portly man, about 55 years of age, dressed in a blue coat and buckskin pantaloons, mounted on his fine blooded horse... No man of the regiment took more care of his horse than he. It was an extra-professional care—a love of the horse for his own sake" 
Around 2:00 p.m., oblivious to the battle raging from them, Honsinger and Baliran left the Stanley column to ride down to the river in order to water their horses and possibly hunt for agates. A Ree scout with the Stanley column, who did not speak English, attempted to stop Honsinger by grabbing the reins of his horse, pointing to the West and saying "Indians, Indians". Honsinger, hearing sporadic shooting in that direction and believing it was Custer's men hunting game, corrected the scout by stating "Cavalry, Cavalry" and rode on.
At approximately the same time, Privates John H. Ball and M. Brown, who were part of Lt. Yates' troops guarding the surveyors along the river, slipped away from their company and headed for the river to cool off and nap. Ball spotted Honsinger and Baliran and rode to join them.
Unfortunately, at the same time, Rain in the Face and five of his warriors headed to the westerly base of Yellowstone Hill, now called Honsinger Bluff, to serve as an early warning against any approaching cavalry forces. The Indians spotted Honsinger and Baliran approaching and hid amid the rocks and scrub brush at the base of Honsinger Bluff. So successful was the concealment of the Indians that they were able to grab the reins of Honsinger's horse as he rode by, pulling him from the horse and shooting him as he fell. Baliran and Ball were also quickly dispatched by Rain in the Face and his men.
The charge.
The prolonged siege by the Indian forces, lasting nearly three hours, was remarkably unusual, as clashes normally were much briefer and rarely involved sustained, in-place fighting. Custer's troops had nearly exhausted the 100 rounds per man ammunition cache and sent to the horse holders for their ammunition supplies. Toward the end of the battle, due to heat exhaustion of both the cavalry troops and Indian warriors, the shooting had become very sporadic. At this point, Custer ordered his men to mount up, and the bugler sounded the charge.
Pvt. Brown, napping at the base of Honsinger's Bluff, awakened to witness the ambush of Honsinger and Baliran and the shooting of the fleeing Pvt. Ball. Brown mounted his horse without a saddle and rode wildly toward the Stanley column. Stanley heard shooting, probably the shots from Rain in the Face's scouting party, and at about the same time saw Pvt. Brown approaching at a gallop yelling "All down there are killed". Fearing a repeat of the Fetterman Massacre, Stanley ordered the entire remaining 7th Cavalry forward, the advance unit being led by 2nd Lt. Charles Braden. Arriving at the brow of Honsinger Bluff, Braden's troop had to dismount and lead their horses down the steep slope. As they remounted, Rain in the Face's party passed within 100 yards of them, fleeing back toward the main Indian force.
Custer's mounted troopers burst from their wood position in a charge that scattered the Indian forces, who fled upriver with Custer's troops in pursuit. They pursued them for nearly four miles but were never able to close on them sufficiently to engage them.
Historians still debate whether Custer charged independently of the approaching forces under Braden, or whether he had spotted Braden's approach and coordinated his charge with the arrival of the reinforcements.
Casualties.
While Custer's 7th Cavalry forces suffered 11 dead, the 7th Cavalry lost its senior veterinarian surgeon, Dr. John Honsinger, its suttler, Augustus Baliran, as well as Pvt. Ball. While Honsinger and Baliran were found the day of the battle, Ball's body was not located until September 1873.
Although no bodies were recovered on the battlefield, Native American casualties were estimated to number 5 dead, with numerous other warriors and horses wounded.
The aftermath.
Rain in the Face retained Honsinger's gold watch and later bragged about killing Honsinger and Balitran. Custer learned of Rain in the Face's claims and dispatched his brother, Tom, to the Standing Rock Reservation to arrest him for the murder of Honsinger and Balitran. He was apprehended and jailed on December 13, 1874. Rain in the Face escaped from custody a few months later and vowed to cut out the heart of Tom Custer and eat it.
Lt. Braden was critically wounded a week later, on August 11, 1873, in another clash with Sitting Bull's forces upriver near the mouth of the Big Horn River. His thigh was shattered by an Indian bullet and he remained on permanent sick leave until his retirement from the Army in 1878. George Custer, Tom Custer and James Calhoun, along with Capt. George Yates, all perished at the Little Big Horn on June 25, 1876. Myles Moylan and Charles Varnum survived the battle on Reno Hill. Moylan, four years later, was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for conspicuous bravery at the September 30, 1877, Battle of Bear Paw where Lt. Col. Nelson A. Miles forces captured the Nez Perce band of Chief Joseph at Snake Creek near Havre, Montana. Sitting Bull, Gall, Crazy Horse and Rain in the Face all participated in the Little Big Horn battle. Rain in the Face in later years claimed to have cut the heart out of Tom Custer at Little Big Horn and taken a bite out of it.
Veterinarian John Honsinger was buried along the Yellowstone River at the base of Honsinger Bluff. Some authorities claim that Father Pierre DeSmet, happened along that evening, and oversaw the burial. DeSmet was rumored to have baptized Sitting Bull earlier. However, Fr. DeSmet died in St. Louis on May 23, 1873, over two months prior to the battle.
U.S. Army troops occupied this area again on June 6 and 7, 1876, prior to the battle on the Little Big Horn. The Montana column, consisting of the 2nd Cavalry and 7th Infantry under the command of Col. John Gibbon, camped in "a beautiful cottonwood grove on splendid sod" a few miles west of Honsinger Bluff. This was likely either the grove in which Sitting Bull's ambush force hid, or the one occupied by Custer's troops during the battle.
Literary references.
The legend of Rain in the Face cutting out Tom Custer's heart is immortalized in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem "Revenge of Rain in the Face".
Further reading.
Lubetkin, M. John, Jay Cooke's Gamble: The Northern Pacific Railroad, The Sioux, and the Panic of 1873, University of Oklahoma Press, Norman, Oklahoma 2006 ISBN 0-8061-3740-1

</doc>
<doc id="21375245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375245" title="Directional control valve">
Directional control valve

Directional control valves are one of the most fundamental parts in hydraulic machinery as well and pneumatic machinery. They allow fluid flow into different paths from one or more sources. They usually consist of a spool inside a cylinder which is mechanically or electrically controlled. The movement of the spool restricts or permits the flow, thus it controls the fluid flow.
Nomenclature.
The spool (sliding type) consists of lands and grooves.The lands block oil flow through the valve body. The grooves allow oil or gas to flow around the spool and through the valve body. There are two fundamental positions of directional control valve namely normal position where valve returns on removal of actuating force and other is working position which is position of a valve when actuating force is applied. There is another class of valves with 3 or more position that can be spring centered with 2 working position and a normal position.
Classification.
Directional control valves can be classified according to-
Example: A 5/2 directional control valve would have five ports and two spool positions. 
Number of Ports.
According to total number of entries or exits connected to the valve through which fluid can enter the valve or leave the valve there are types like two way,three way,four way valves.
Number of Positions.
Including the normal and working positions which a valve spool can take there are types like two position, three position and proportional valves.
Actuating Methods.
Manually Operated.
Manually operated valves work with simple levers or paddles where the operator applies force to operate the valve. Spring force is sometimes used to recover the position of valve. Some manual valves utilize either a lever or an external pneumatic or hydraulic signal to return the spool.
Mechanically Operated.
Mechanically operated valves apply forces by using cams, wheels, rollers, etc., hence these valves are subjected to wear.
Hydraulically Operated.
A hydraulically operated DCV works at much higher pressures than its pneumatic equivalent. They must therefore be far more robust in nature so are precision machined from higher quality and strength materials.
Solenoid Operated.
They are widely used in the hydraulics industry.
These valves make use of electromechanical solenoids for sliding of the spool. Because simple application of electrical power provides control, these valves are used extensively. However, electrical solenoids cannot generate large forces unless supplied with large amounts of electrical power. Heat generation poses a threat to extended use of these valves when energized over time. Many have a limited duty cycle. This makes their direct acting use commonly limited to low actuating forces.
Often a low power solenoid valve is used to operate a small hydraulic valve (called the pilot) that starts a flow of fluid that drives a larger hydraulic valve that requires more force.
A bi-stable pneumatic valve is typically a pilot valve that is a 3 ported 2 position detented valve. The valve retains its position during loss of power, hence the bi-stable name.
Bi-stability can be accomplished with a mechanical detent and 2 opposing solenoids or a "magna-latch" magnetic latch with a polarity sensitive coil. Positive opens and negative closes or vice -versa. The coil is held in position magnetically when actuated.
Type of Spool.
Spool is of two types namely sliding and rotary. Sliding spool is cylindrical in cross section, and the lands and grooves are also cylindrical. Rotary valves have sphere-like lands and grooves in the form of holes drilled through the spheres.
Specification.
They are generally specified using the number of ports and the number of switching positions. It can be represented in general form as np/ns, where np is the number of ports connected to the direction control valve and ns the number of switching positions.
In addition, the method of actuation and the return method can also be specified. A hypothetical valve could be specified as 4-way, 3-position direction control valve or 4/3 DCV since there are four ports and three switching positions for the valve. In this example, one port is called the pressure port which is connected to the pump; one port is the tank port and is connected to the tank (or reservoir); and the two remaining ports are called working ports and are connected to the actuator.
Apart from characteristics of valve the fluid suitable for valve,working temperature and viscosity also thought upon before selecting a particular type of valve.
Symbolic representation.
While working with layouts of hydraulic machinery it is cumbersome to draw actual picture of every valve and other components.instead of pictures symbols are used for variety of components in the hydraulic system to highlight the functional aspects.
symbol for directional control valve is made of number of square boxes adjacent to each other depending on the number of positions.connections to the valve are shown on these squares by capital letters.usually they are named only in their normal position and not repeated in other positions.actuation system of the valve is also designated in its symbol.
Two way two position directional control valve.
gate valve is example of 2W/2P directional control valve which either turns on or off the flow in normal or working position depending on need of application.here arrow indicates that fluid flow is taking place whereas other position shows cut-off position.
Four way two position directional control valve.
4 way 2 position valve has four connections to it and two valve positions one of them is normally open.

</doc>
<doc id="21375250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375250" title="Bob Brechtel">
Bob Brechtel

Bob Brechtel (born 1949) is a member of the Wyoming State House of Representatives. He has been in the State House since 2002. He is currently the sponsor of bills to regulate abortion in the state including one requiring that ultrasounds be performed before an abortion.
Bechtel is a Roman Catholic. He and his wife Leann are the parents of four children.

</doc>
<doc id="21375296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375296" title="Overland Trail (TV series)">
Overland Trail (TV series)

Overland Trail is an American Western series starring William Bendix and Doug McClure which aired on NBC from February 7 to June 6, 1960.
Synopsis.
Bendix portrayed Frederick Thomas "Fred" Kelly, fictitious superintendent of the Overland Stage Company. McClure appeared as Frank "Flip" Flippen, Bendix's young associate. 
"Overland Trail" aired opposite "Lassie" and "Dennis the Menace" on CBS and "Walt Disney Presents" and "Maverick" on ABC. "Overland Trail" left the air on September 11, 1960, after summer rebroadcasts. It was replaced by the last season of NBC's "Shirley Temple's Storybook".
Notable guest stars.
Notable guest stars included:
DVD release.
On February 14, 2012, Timeless Media Group will release "Overland Trail- The Complete Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.

</doc>
<doc id="21375303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375303" title="Allen Jaggi">
Allen Jaggi

Allen Jaggi (born 1944) is a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives. He has held that position since 2007.
Jaggi was born in Logan, Utah. He earned a bachelors degree in education and wildlife management at Utah State University in 1968. Prior to entering politics he was a teacher in the Lyman School District.
Jaggi is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He and his wife Jane are the parents of four children.

</doc>
<doc id="21375319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375319" title="867th Reconnaissance Squadron">
867th Reconnaissance Squadron

The 867th Reconnaissance Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit. It was activated at Creech Air Force Base, Nevada on 10 September 2012 as an unmanned aerial vehicle squadron.
The squadron was first active during World War I as the 92d Aero Squadron. It deployed to England in October 1917 and conducted training with the Royal Air Force, but saw no combat. It returned to the United States at the end of 1918 and was demobilized.
Activated as the 17th Reconnaissance Squadron several months before the American entry into World War II, the squadron performed in the antisubmarine, while changing its designation every few months. When the United States Navy assumed full responsibility for the antisubmarine campaign in 1943, it became the 867th Bombardment Squadron and provided the cadre for a new Consolidated B-24 Liberator group. The squadron moved to the Pacific and entered combat against Japan, serving to the end of the war.
History.
World War I.
The squadron was first established in the summer of 1917 as the 92d Aero Squadron (Service), a World War I Air Service squadron at Kelly Field, Texas. The squadron trained with the Royal Flying Corps (later the Royal Air Force )in England, but never served in combat on the Western Front. The squadron returned to the United States in December 1918 and was demobilized.
World War II.
The 17th Reconnaissance Squadron was activated in early 1941 as a reconnaissance squadron attached to the 45th Bombardment Group, a light bomber unit assigned to the Southeast Air District at Army Air Base Savannah, Georgia. Its initial mission was to support Army units at Fort Stewart in maneuvers, however it moved to New Hampshire in June 1941. In August, redesignated as the 92d Bombardment Squadron when the Air Corps converted its reconnaissance squadrons in light bombardment units to bombardment squadrons. The squadron flew convoy patrols over the New England coast to the Grand Banks of Newfoundland during the summer of 1941, protecting Lend-Lease shipments of supplies and equipment to England.
After the Pearl Harbor Attack the squadron was reassigned to antisubmarine duty along the southeast Atlantic coast. It converted to medium bombers and returned to the reconnaissance designation briefly, this time as the 92d Reconnaissance Squadron but became the 433d Bombardment Squadron when the Army Air Forces converted its remaining bomber reconnaissance units to bombardment squadrons. As part of Army Air Forces Antisubmarine Command it performed full-time antisubmarine patrols along the east coast as the 10th Antisubmarine Squadron with squadron headquarters on Long Island, with detachments operating as far away as Miami and New Orleans. Non-Operational after August 1943 when antisubmarine duty was reassigned to the United States Navy.
The squadron moved to Gowen Field, Idaho where it provided the cadre for newly forming Consolidated B-24 Liberator heavy bomber units as the 867th Bombardment Squadron. Squadron personnel formed the core of the newly established 494th Bombardment Group, moving first to Wendover Field, Utah, and later to Mountain Home Army Air Field, Idaho to complete its final phase of training. At Mountain Home, the squadron received new very long range B-24J aircraft in early May.
The 867th deployed to Hawaii where it became part of VII Bomber Command. It remained in Hawaii with aircraft undergoing modifications while training for long range flights over the Pacific Ocean. The unit deployed to Angaur Airstrip in the Palau Islands in October, flying very long range combat missions against Japanese airfields on Yap and Koror. The squadron conducted strikes on other bypassed enemy installations in the Pacific and against the Japanese in the Philippines. Late in 1944 hit gun emplacements, personnel areas, ant storage depots on Corregidor and Caballo at the entrance to Manila Bay. It bombed radio installations and power plants at Japanese bases in the Philippines and attacked enemy-held airfields, including Clark Field on Luzon. Early in 1945 it struck airfields on Mindanao and ammunition and supply dumps in the Davao Gulf and Illana Bay areas.
The 867th moved to Okinawa in June 1945. Engaged primarily in attacks against enemy airfields on Kyūshū until V-J Day. The squadron lso participated in incendiary raids, dropped propaganda leaflets over urban areas of Kyūshū and struck airfields in China, in southern Korea, and around the Inland Sea of Japan.
After the war's end in September, the unit remained on Okinawa as older units began to demobilize. The squadron was engaged in transporting personnel and supplies in the Southwest Pacific, and moving necessary occupation support elements from Manila to Tokyo. Began to demobilize in November and December, with personnel returning to the United States; inactivated as a paper unit in the United States on January 4, 1946.
Lineage.
92d Aero Squadron
867th Reconnaissance Squadron
Aircraft.
World War I
World War II
Awards and Campaigns.
Manual campaign table

</doc>
<doc id="21375336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375336" title="Sir Hew Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Hew Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet

Sir Hew Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet (12 March 1712 - 24 November 1790) was a Scottish politician and the MP for Haddington Burghs on two occasions; between 1742 and 1747 and again between 1761 and 1768, and was also MP for Haddingtonshire between 1747 and 1761.
He was the eldest son of Sir Robert Dalrymple, who died on 21 August 1734, and the grandson of Hew Dalrymple, Lord North Berwick, whose title as baronet he inherited. His brother, John Dalrymple, later Hamilton, was also an MP.
References.
Scots Peerage Vol. 8 http://www.archive.org/stream/scotspeeragefoun08pauluoft#page/130/mode/2up/search/Dalrymple

</doc>
<doc id="21375342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375342" title="Molly Ann Brook">
Molly Ann Brook

Molly Ann Brook (sometimes Molly Ann’s Brook) is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south between the northern ranges of First Watchung Mountain and Second Watchung Mountain in Passaic County and Bergen County, New Jersey. Traveling north from its confluence with the Passaic River, Molly Ann Brook passes through the city of Paterson and the boroughs of Haledon, Prospect Park, North Haledon and Franklin Lakes.
History.
Molly Ann Brook, like its neighboring Passaic River tributaries, played host to General Lafayette’s troops during the American Revolutionary War. Known as "Krakeel Val" in 1780, the brook passed along the western edge of Lafayette’s Grand Parade, running through the area where General St Clair’s troops were stationed in October and November.
In the late 18th century, the area of Westside Park, at the mouth of the brook in Paterson, was home to Dirck and Molly Van Houten and their children, one of the original pioneer families to settle the area. Adreyean, the ninth child of the family, distinguished himself from other Van Houtens in the area by calling himself "Molly’s Yawn" (Dutch), or "Molly’s son". Living at his parent’s homestead, the brook running through the property came to be known as "Molly Yawn’s Brook", which was later corrupted to the current "Molly Ann’s Brook".
In the early 20th century, the brook became well known for its intense floods, particularly a massive flood affecting four towns in July, 1945. As a response, overflow tunnels were proposed in the late 1950s. Ultimately, in 1999 the United States Army Corps of Engineers, Philadelphia District completed a flood control project in the lower reaches of the brook to protect against 50-year storm events. The project significantly deepened and widened the brook through the construction of concrete and rock-lined channels.
Description.
Molly Ann Brook rises south of Franklin Ave in Franklin Lakes, about two thousand feet west of Goffle Pond, where the headwaters of the neighboring Goffle Brook are located. After flowing through High Mountain Golf Club, Molly Ann Brook joins two smaller tributaries to form Haledon Reservoir, an approximately three thousand foot by one thousand foot artificial lake. A second man made lake, Lower Basin Pond, exists directly below Haledon Reservoir, followed by a swimming hole about two thousand feet downstream.
In North Haledon, Molly Ann Brook is joined by its most significant tributary, Squaw Brook, which extends north from its junction with Molly Ann Brook into the town of Wyckoff. Three quarters of a mile downstream of the confluence with Squaw Brook, Molly Ann Brook is joined by the tiny Spring Brook just south of Overlook Ave. Another smaller brook paralleling Ballentine Drive and draining part of the western flank of First Watchung Mountain in North Haledon then merges with the brook before it reaches Oldham Pond. At Oldham Pond, Molly Ann Brook is joined by its second most significant tributary, a steeply graded stream draining the southwestern faces Mount Cecchino and High Mountain, the highest peaks of Second Watchung Mountain.
Beyond Oldham Pond, Molly Ann Brook is quickly joined by one other tributary flowing east off Second Watchung Mountain just south of the Haledon-North Haledon border. Here the brook transitions from the suburban environments of Franklin Lakes and North Haledon to the urbanized environments of Prospect Park, Haledon, and Paterson. Bound by concrete flood control walls, the brook takes on an artificial appearance for much of its lower reach. Ultimately, Molly Ann Brook joins the Passaic River in Paterson about three thousand feet west of the Great Falls, becoming the last tributary to reach the Passaic before the river’s waters plunge over the imposing geologic barrier.

</doc>
<doc id="21375351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375351" title="Iskut River">
Iskut River

The Iskut River is the largest tributary of the Stikine River in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, entering it a few miles above its entry into Alaska.
There is a 195 MW run of river hydroelectric project underdevelopment in Forrest Kerr Canyon of the Iskut river. A road, cut wide enough for a transmission line corridor, has been built that leads to the proposed in-take and out flow areas of the project. The project will pave the way for development in this region, possibly connecting highway 37 to Wrangell, AK, offering a new route to the Pacific Coast. There are many gold, silver and base metal mines in the area--including
the Snip property.

</doc>
<doc id="21375380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375380" title="Stan Cooper">
Stan Cooper

Stan Cooper (born September 21, 1940) is a State Senator in Wyoming. 
Early life and education.
Cooper was born in McKeesport, Pennsylvania. Cooper graduated from Utah State University in 1967 with a bachelors degree in business administration. From 1971 to 1994 he was the owner of Sublette Electric. 
Political history.
Cooper first entered politics when he was elected to the Kemmerer City Council, starting his time in that body in 1982. He served there until 1988. From 1995 to 2002 Cooper was a county commissioner in Lincoln County, Wyoming. From 2003 to 2004 he served as a member of the Wyoming State House, and from the beginning of 2005 to the present has been in the Wyoming State Senate.
Family.
Cooper is a Latter-day Saint. He and his wife Julie are the parents of five children.

</doc>
<doc id="21375415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375415" title="Lawyers for Children">
Lawyers for Children

Lawyers For Children (LFC) was created in 1984 with the mission to advocate on behalf of children in foster care in New York City. On August 8th, 2008 the organization received the American Bar Association's Hodson Award.
Lawyers For Children has represented more than 40,000 foster, adopted, and abused children and young adults. Lawyers For Children participated in the case "Nicholson v. Williams", a class action suit, "that forced the 
NYC Administration for Children’s Services to do case-by-case evaluations to determine if removal is necessary rather than automatic if a parent is a victim of domestic violence." LFC also advocates for immigration rights, mental health services, and child sexual abuse evaluations and education. LFC has been recognized for its best-practices advocacy model in which attorneys are paired with social workers to represent each and every LFC client.

</doc>
<doc id="21375423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375423" title="List of superconductors">
List of superconductors

The table showing major parameters of major superconductors of simple structure (numerous metallic alloys are not shown). X:Y means material X doped with element Y, "T"C is the highest reported transition temperature in kelvins and "H"C is a critical magnetic field in teslas. "Non-metals" here refers to materials which are normally not considered as metals, but become superconducting upon heavy doping. "BCS" means whether or not the superconductivity is explained within the BCS theory.

</doc>
<doc id="21375428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375428" title="Emperor Penguin (music)">
Emperor Penguin (music)

"This article is about the music group. For the animal see Emperor penguin"
Emperor Penguin is a Chicago-based electronic music duo consisting of DJ Lazlo Minimart and keyboardist Melvoin Stanke. Their sound combines samples, old-fashioned synths, found sounds and electro-funk. In 1999, they released their debut album, "Shatter the Illusion of Integrity, Yeah". A second full-length album, "Extreme Gaming", followed later that year. They asked their fans to vote on their label's website to determine the title of their third album which was released in 2000 as "Mysterious Pony". In 2001, they put out the four-song EP, which featured bassist/guitarist Jack Flapjack, keyboardist Nord 2000 and drummer Ferrari on two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21375433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375433" title="Mac Cécht (warrior)">
Mac Cécht (warrior)

Mac Cécht (Early Modern Irish: Mac Céacht) is the patronymic or cognomen ("son of power") given to one or two warrior champions from Connacht in the Ulster Cycle of early Irish literature. The personages may be identifical or may have been conflated at some stage, although the connection is nowhere made explicit and different fathers are ascribed to them in the tales.
Mac Cécht mac Snáide Techid ("Togail Bruidne Dá Derga").
Mac Cécht first appears in the tale "Togail Bruidne Dá Derga" ("The Destruction of Da Derga's Hostel") as the bodyguard of the High King Conaire Mor along with the Ulster hero Conall Cernach. In this tale he is called a son of Snaide Teichet. When the king goes to settle a quarrel in Munster and returns to Tara via Leinster, he is obliged to violate his "gessi" or taboos and is subsequently doomed. When he stays in the house of Dá Derga, a Leinster hospitaller ("briugu"), he is stalked by his fosterbrothers (the great-grandsons of Donn Deasa) and a British exile named Ingcél, who have become freebooting pirates and fallen out of favour with the king. While Conaire and his people feast in Dá Derga's hostel, the freebooters attack them and a battle ensues. Conaire, Mac Cécht and Conall perform prodigies of valour and kill a great many of the attackers in the melee, defeating them, but Conaire dies of his wounds. On the third day, Mac Cécht dies of his wounds on the battlefield. The interpolator +H of the Lebor na hUidre version offers an alternative ending in which Mac Cécht buries Conaire and returns to his own country, Connacht. No other version associates Mac Cécht with Connacht, which may possibly mean that the interpolator had intended to connect him with the Mac Cécht of the tale below.
Mac Cécht's role in the tale is recalled in a dindsenchas prose text on Ráith Cnámrossa, which gives his father's name in garbled form as Slaite Seched of Connacht. He is presented as the fosterfather of Lé Fer Flaith, son of Conaire, whom he tried to bring into safety when Dá Derga's hostel was on fire. However, the boy, who was kept in the hollow of his shield, died a threefold death in Corra Ednecha, having been mangled, burnt and drowned through Mac Cécht's sheer force, heat and sweat as the warrior was attempting to rescue the king. Mac Cécht buried the remaining bones, "cnám-fhros" "bone-shower", in a place afterwards called Cnámross. The text then offers two alternative explanations for the placename.
Monodar son of Conrach Cas, called 'Mac Cécht' ("Cath Bóinde").
In the late Middle Irish tale "Cath Bóinde" ("The Battle of the Boyne") – also "Ferchuitred Medba" ("Medb's husband allowance") – Mac Cécht is the nickname for Monodar son of Conrach Cas, a warrior who supposedly lived in Connacht, Ireland, around the 1st century. He and his brother Tindi killed Fidig mac Feicc of the Gamanraige of north Connacht on account of his courtship of Medb, the daughter of Eochu Feidlech, High King of Ireland. It is reported that Eochu banished Tindi on account of the killing "to the deserts of Connacht".
Monodar appears later in exile in Ulster and is somehow no longer on good terms with Tindi, as it is told that Tindi was killed in single combat by Monodar during the battle of the Boyne after the former had joined Eochu Feidlech to attack Ulster along with the men of Munster and Sraibgend MacNiuil, the grandfather of Medb's future husband Ailill mac Mata. Here, for this deed Monodar receives the nickname "Mac Cécht", explained as "mac écht" 'son of slaughter'. He appears to have become one of Conchobar mac Nessa's champions.
The etymological derivation is recalled in the late Middle Irish tract "Cóir Anmann" ("The Fitness of Names"), item 158:
A Conadar mac Cécht also makes brief appearances as a chieftain and champion of Medb's retinue in Ulster Cycle tales of the Glenmasan manuscript (15th century).

</doc>
<doc id="21375438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375438" title="SB-216,641">
SB-216,641

SB-216,641 is a drug which is a selective antagonist for the serotonin receptor 5-HT1B, with around 25x selectivity over the closely related 5-HT1D receptor. It is used in scientific research, and has demonstrated anxiolytic effects in animal studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21375450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375450" title="Badminton at the 1998 Commonwealth Games">
Badminton at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

Badminton medal winners at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

</doc>
<doc id="21375469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375469" title="National Music Council">
National Music Council

The National Music Council of the United States is a United States national organization listed under Title 36 of the United States Code, founded in 1940 and chartered by the 84th Congress in 1956. The Council is composed of organizations of national scope interested in the development of music in the country. It represents the state to the International Music Council of UNESCO.
American Eagle Awards.
Each year the Council presents the American Eagle Awards for distinguished service to American Music. the recipients include:

</doc>
<doc id="21375491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375491" title="Butch Hartman (racing driver)">
Butch Hartman (racing driver)

Larry "Butch" Hartman (May 11, 1940 – December 21, 1994) was an American stock car racing national champion in the United States Automobile Club (USAC) from Zanesville, Ohio. After winning the USAC Stock Car Rookie of the Year award in 1966, the series' Most Improved Driver in 1967, and its Most Outstanding Driver the following year. He won five USAC Stock car national titles in the 1970s. Hartman had the fourth highest number of USAC Stock car wins in the series' history. Hartman raced in twenty NASCAR stock car races; his highest finish was a fifth place run at National 500 at Charlotte Motor Speedway (now Lowe's Motor Speedway). Hartman worked full-time at his father's company, building his own engines and towing his cars to the track each weekend. In 1968, he became the first rookie to lead the Daytona 500.
He was an independent driver in an era of factory teams. He raced a #75 Dodge car with yellow and black colors, sponsored by his father's company "Hartman White and Autocar Truck Sales and Service".
Early life.
Hartman was a second generation racer. His father, Dick, started racing sprint cars in 1949. By 1951, the elder Hartman was racing two cars and won 126 races in a two-year period.
Hartman began working on cars at age 7 when he helped his father warm up cars for his father's automobile repair company. For his ninth birthday, his father gave an old 1939 Ford sedan to him and his brother Terry for them to drive around in a field in an adjacent property, with the condition that the brothers needed to repair the car. They nicknamed the car "Death and Destruction". After attending Otterbein College for one year, he was sent to the United States Marines for four years.
Racing career.
USAC stock cars.
In 1964, Hartman started competing in up to five stock cars races in a weekend, driving with his father and uncle. "When we had the time," Butch said, "we'd sleep for a couple of hours in ditches alongside the road. When we didn't, one of us would stand on the running board of our old Buick and fuel our pickup truck with a five-gallon can of gas while we were tearing down the road. I think we invented in-flight refueling."
In 1966, Hartman entered a 1965 Dodge Coronet in his first USAC race. He was awarded the series' Rookie of the Year award for 1966. He had his first NASCAR start that season, a 14th place finish at the Grand National (now Sprint Cup Series) National 500 at Charlotte. He followed up in 1967 as the series' Most Improved Driver, then was the Most Outstanding Driver in 1968. He competed in five Grand National events that year, with 10th place finishes at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Rockingham.
Hartman had his first USAC Stock car win in 1971 at Pocono Raceway driving a winged Dodge Charger Daytona in the first Pocono 500. The race featured Wally Dallenbach, Sr., A. J. Foyt, Roger McCluskey, Al Unser, Bobby Unser, NASCAR drivers Jim Paschal and LeeRoy Yarbrough, AMA racer Gene Romero, modified racers Geoff Bodine and Toby Tobias, road racer Brian Redman, and USAC stock car regulars Jack Bowsher, Don White, and Norm Nelson. After completing 41 laps, the race was postponed for a week after it was rained out. The following Saturday, Hartman beat Lem Blankenship in a late race duel. Hartman won his first USAC championship that year. He had a win at the Knoxville Raceway that season.
Hartman won his second USAC Stock car title in 1972. He had a consistent season with nine top-five finishes in eighteen races. He had one start in NASCAR's Grand National division; the fifth place finish was his highest finish in his NASCAR career. The event was FIA sanctioned and USAC drivers were encouraged to race in the event. He got a Junie Donlavey ride after USAC regular Ramo Stott has a second place finish at Talladega Superspeedway earlier that season. The 1973 USAC season had 16 races. He won seven races and had 12 top-five finishes to record his third straight championship. 
Hartman was trailing Norm Nelson by 40 points going into the final race of the 1974 USAC season. He won the race at Des Moines; Nelson finished 7th and Hartman won the title by 30 points. In the 19 race season, Hartman had won eight races to record his fourth straight championship. Hartman battled Ramo Stott for the 1975 championship, but a blown motor at the Governor's Cup 250 at the Milwaukee Mile ended his title hopes causing him to finish second in the season points. Hartman surprised people by switching to a Chevrolet Camaro for the 1976 USAC stock car season which he won his fifth championship in the new car.
Hartman was critical of USAC's promotion of its stock car series compared to how the sanctioning body promoted its championship cars and how NASCAR billed its stock cars. "…nobody ever heard of our stock car racing circuit. We get second billing everywhere to the championship cars. Here I am a two-time champion (in 1972) and nobody knows who I am."
In 1977, he decided to race in NASCAR's top division, then called the Winston Cup. As a five-time USAC stock car champion, he had been receiving less money and received a lower billing at USAC stock car races than USAC champ car and NASCAR stock car drivers. He competed in 11 events and finished 31st in season points, with two Top 10 finishes in a Chevrolet Chevelle. He competed in one NASCAR event in 1978 and another in 1979 before returning to USAC. He had to use #00, as another driver had taken #75. USAC's stock car series had become stagnant, and it was gone by 1985. Hartman had retired in the early 1980s.
Awards.
He was inducted in the National Dirt Late Model Hall of Fame in 2004 for his USAC Stock Car championships and scoring "hundreds of feature wins and track titles in long career."
Personal life.
Hartman's youngest son Bart Hartman became a racer; as of 2007 he raced dirt late models in Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21375494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375494" title="Rabbit Transit (York)">
Rabbit Transit (York)

The York Adams Transit Authority, doing business as Rabbit Transit, is the mass transit service of York County, Pennsylvania. The agency currently operates 15 fixed routes within York County (12 in York and 3 in Hanover) and express bus routes from Gettysburg to Harrisburg and from York to Harrisburg and Towson, Maryland (connecting to the central light rail line of the Baltimore area's Maryland Transit Administration).
The agency, which has an annual ridership of 1.7 million, also provides paratransit services to the disabled, and a shared ride service.
Rabbit Transit was formerly known as York County Transit Authority. The name was changed in 2000 in order to improve the agency's image. The name is a play of "rapid transit", coincidentally echoing the same play-on-words that formed the basis of the cartoon, "Rabbit Transit".
Routes.
Rabbit Transit currently operates the following routes:
Expansion.
During the late 2000s, Rabbit Transit has benefitted from high gas prices and has seen an increase in ridership. Ridership in particular has risen on express routes, including the one operating between York and Harrisburg.
On February 2, 2009, Rabbit Transit introduced a new line providing six trips each weekday between York and Towson, Maryland with connection to the Baltimore Light Rail at Timonium.
On June 6, 2011, Rabbit Transit (in cooperation with the Adams County Transit Authority) began operating commuter service between Gettysburg and Harrisburg with a total of four round-trips daily. The route is designated "15N".

</doc>
<doc id="21375515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375515" title="Hamam al-Sammara">
Hamam al-Sammara

Hamam al-Sammara (, also spelled "Hamaam as-Sumara"; transliteration: "the Bath of the Samaritans" or "the Brown Bath") is the only active Turkish bath remaining in Gaza, located in the Zeitoun Quarter of the Old City. It is situated below street level. It is currently owned by Salim Abdullah al-Wazeer.
History.
Although rumored to date back to pre-Islamic times in Gaza, a plaque in the lobby of the bathhouse proclaims that Hamam al-Sammara was restored in 1320 by the Mamluk governor of the city Sanjar al-Jawli. It is the only Turkish bathhouse in Gaza, of the original five, that continues to function. According to Theodore E. Dowling writing in 1913, in 1584, a Samaritan community existed in Gaza and possessed a large synagogue and two bathhouses. "One of them still bears the name "the Bath of the Samaritans". One of the governors of Gaza who belonged to the Ridwan dynasty, desired to acquire the bathhouse, but the owner refused to sell it and the indignant governor had him hanged in front of the building. It is believed the Samaritans were expelled from the city before the turn of the 16th century. 
The Wazeer family who owned Hamam as-Sammara decided to tear it down and construct a new building. However, they were faced with an ancient water heating system and traditional bathhouse that no longer functioned properly and which would be extremely costly to repair. Therefore, the Islamic University of Gaza and the United Nations Development Programme partly restored Hamam as-Sammara after it was nearly demolished due to rising costs of maintenance. The bathhouse still uses an old system of wood-fueled ovens and aqueducts, and for this reason, the Wazeer family has been collecting funds to renovate the aqueducts beneath the buildings marble slabs.
Structure and services.
Hamam as-Sammara consists of several rooms with varied temperatures. Customers first leave their belongings with the clerk, then proceed to the steam room, after which they bathe in warm water. Sprinklers shower cool water on bathers to prevent overheating, and canisters are provided for ladling water. The final stage involves wading in the "maghtas", a small pool filled with hot water, about a meter deep. After bathing, customers enter the room-temperature lounge. Massages are also available. Massages are undertaken by a "mudalik" (a professional "scrubber"), while the client soaks in the steam room.
Bathhouses are used as a folk remedy for rheumatism and infertility, and it is customary for mothers to bring their 40-day-old infants to Hamam as-Sammara for a blessing. It has a social importance, especially to women, as a place where community members come together to socialize. Services are open to both men and women, but at different times of the day.

</doc>
<doc id="21375530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375530" title="International Federation of Festival Organizations">
International Federation of Festival Organizations

Federation Internationale des Organisations de Festivals (FIDOF, "International Federation of Festival Organizations") is an organization to hold and organize festivals worldwide. It was established in 1966 and headquartered in Split, Yugoslavia with President professor Armando Moreno. It is currently headquartered in California, United States, where it is registered as a Section 501(c) non-profit organization. It is the member of the U.S. National Music Council.
The main role of FIDOF is to provide coordination of festivals and other cultural events through arranging their dates and publicizing them through the International English Monthly Bulletins, which are distributed among the members.
FIDOF has 220 individual members and more than 1,000 affiliated organizations. It is also associated with 320 festivals held in 72 countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="21375553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375553" title="373d Strategic Missile Squadron">
373d Strategic Missile Squadron

The 373d Strategic Missile Squadron (373 SMS) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 308th Strategic Missile Wing, stationed at Little Rock AFB, Arkansas. 
The 373 SMS was equipped with the LGM-25C Titan II Intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), with a mission of nuclear deterrence. The squadron was inactivated as part of the phaseout of the Titan II ICBM on 18 August 1987.
History.
World War II.
Activated in early 1942 in Idaho as a long-range B-24 Liberator bombardment squadron under Second Air Force. For the next three months little training occurred while the unit worked through its growing pains, resolving administrative and personnel acquisition difficulties. Then a totally new problem arose...all but four personnel were transferred to the 330th Bombardment Group! While active on paper, it was not until September that personnel were taken from the 39th Bombardment Group to form a headquarters cadre for the 308th Group, again making it a viable unit. On 29 September the squadron was designated an Operational Training Unit (OTU) with Wendover Field, Utah as its home station. The unit was fully manned by November, after receiving personnel from the 18th Replacement Wing.
During this time of trials and tribulations in forming a recognizable force, the flying echelon had transferred to Davis-Monthan Field, Arizona, on 20 June for incidental training. The flight crews had been chosen and assigned, having completed their respective training schools; i.e., pilot, navigator, bombardier, engineer, radio and gunnery.
Members of the squadron had to complete three phases of training prior to moving overseas and entering combat. The flying personnel spent most of October in transition training with the B-24, training combat crews as well. Meanwhile, the ground echelon was acquiring, organizing and processing personnel and supplies at Wendover Field.
With the training complete and the personnel and supplies processed, the 308th Bomb Group and the 375th BS officially transferred to Fourteenth Air Force in China early in 1943. The air echelon began flying its 'brand new' B-24D Liberators from Morrison Field, Florida on 15 February 1943. Traveling by way of the South Atlantic Transport Route though Central and South America, the Azores, Central Africa, Arabia and finally India; while the ground echelon traveled by ship across the Pacific Ocean.
The squadron arrived in India and made many trips over the 'Hump' between India and China to obtain gasoline, bombs, spare parts, and other items they needed to prepare for and sustain their combat operations. The 375th supported Chinese ground forces; attacked airfields, coal yards, docks, oil refineries and fuel dumps in French Indochina; mined rivers and ports; bombed maintenance shops and docks at Rangoon, Burma; attacked Japanese shipping in the East China Sea, Formosa Straits, South China Sea and Gulf of Tonkin.
The squadron moved to India in June 1945, ferrying gasoline and supplies from there back into China. The unit sailed for the United States, where it was inactivated on 6 January 1946.
Strategic Air Command.
Reactivated in Alaska in 1947 as a Strategic Air Command weather reconnaissance squadron. Gathering weather information for combat readiness was an integrated part of strategic aerial reconnaissance. Weather recon, though, was a particularly loose term. There was a constant need for weather information, but weather flights were also a convenient cover for the more covert missions with RB-29 Superfortress photo-reconnaissance aircraft over the eastern frontier of the Soviet Union. Inactivated in February 1951.
Reactivated a few months later in October with new B-47E Stratojet swept-wing medium bombers, capable of flying at high subsonic speeds and primarily designed for penetrating the airspace of the Soviet Union. In the early late 1950s, the B-47 was considered to be reaching obsolescence, and was being phased out of SAC's strategic arsenal. B-47s began being sent to AMARC at Davis-Monthan in July 1959 and the squadron went non-operational. Was inactivated on 25 June 1961.
Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Squadron.
Reactivated and re-designated as a Strategic Air Command LGM-25C Titan II ICBM Strategic Missile Squadron in 1962. Operated nine Titan II underground silos constructed beginning in 1960; the first site (373-5) going operationally ready on 15 June 1963. The 9 missile silos controlled by the 570th Strategic Missile Squadron remained on alert for over 20 years during the Cold War. On August 8, 1965, at launch site 373-4, 53 contractor workers died in a flash fire while installing modifications to the launch silo. The cause of the accident was believed to be a rupture in a high-pressure line, which spewed hydraulic fluid on the floor. Ignited by sparks from a nearby welder, the resulting fire consumed most of the oxygen in the space, suffocating the workers.
In October 1981, President Ronald Reagan announced that as part of the strategic modernization program, Titan II systems were to be retired by October 1, 1987. Inactivation of the sites began when site 373-6 was inactivated on 20 Jun 1985; the last site (373-2) inactivated on 4 May 1987. The squadron was inactivated on 18 August. 
After removal from service, the silos had reusable equipment removed by Air Force personnel, and contractors retrieved salvageable metals before destroying the silos with explosives and filling them in. Access to the vacated control centers was blocked off. Missile sites were later sold off to private ownership after demilitarization. Today the remains of the sites are still visible in aerial imagery, in various states of use or abandonment.
Aircraft and missiles.
.* On August 8, 1965, at launch site 373-4, 53 contractor workers died in a flash fire while installing modifications to the launch silo. The cause of the accident was believed to be a rupture in a high-pressure line, which spewed hydraulic fluid on the floor. Ignited by sparks from a nearby welder, the resulting fire consumed most of the oxygen in the space, suffocating the workers.

</doc>
<doc id="21375561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375561" title="Rabbit Transit">
Rabbit Transit

Rabbit Transit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21375565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375565" title="John Fuller (Australian politician)">
John Fuller (Australian politician)

Sir John Bryan Munro Fuller (22 September 1917 – 31 January 2009) was an Australian politician, a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council for the Country Party from 1961 to 1978.
Early years.
Fuller was born in the Sydney suburb of Mosman in 1917, and was educated at Knox Grammar School at Wahroonga. Following his schooling, he worked in rural New South Wales and Queensland, before acquiring and settling on a farm property at Coolah. A member of the NSW Country Party since 1940, he served as a councillor on the Coolah Shire Council from 1955 to 1965.
Political career.
He was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 23 April 1961. During his term he served as Minister for Decentralisation (1965–1973), Deputy Leader of the Government (1966–1968), Minister for Planning and Environment (1973–1976), Vice-President of the Executive Council and Leader of the Government (1968–1976) and Leader of the Opposition (1976–1978).
After retiring from politics, Fuller remained actively involved in charities and organisations such as the Australian Monarchist League. He died on 31 January 2009, aged 91, after a long battle with cancer.
Honours.
Fuller was made a Knight Bachelor on 1 January 1974 for his work as NSW Minister for Development. He was also awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21375567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375567" title="New York Competition of Dramatic Arts">
New York Competition of Dramatic Arts

The New York Competition of Dramatic Arts (NYCODA) is an Annual Performance Festival and Competition for actors, located in New York City.
NYCODA, established in the spring of 2008, is becoming known for its appeal to both amateur and professional actors, but with a wider appeal to other areas of the performing arts. The company flew below the radar for a while, but is fast becoming known on the New York Performance Arts scene, and being identified as uniquely Brooklyn. In fact, many are calling it a Brooklyn movement of performance artists and a haven for the aspiring actor. 
NYCODA was established as an annual performance festival and competition, where actors can compete in different genres, such as Shakespearean Drama, Dramatic Duologue, Humorous Verse and Open Reading. Actors compete in these categories, with the Open Reading category a favorite, because the actor has freedom to choose what to perform. In fact, many actors write and perform their own work in this category.
The NYCODA competition is typically held in the Fall of each year in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. Contestants submit samples of their performances, typically monologues, via the company's website. The contestants are chosen months in advance, and are notified by the Summer preceding the Fall event. The festival is a one-day event and category winners are chosen at the end of the night and presented with some of the most sought after awards in the industry, with the biggest award, The NYCODA Actor Award going to the overall winner of the festival. The event is recorded for television purposes.
While the NYCODA festival primarily features competing actors, many other performance artists are included. Dancers, singers and other performers help add to the rich and complex texture of the event, and now the festival is being called the Sundance Festival of Brooklyn and the buzz is already alive in the community of aspiring actors, who see the festival and competition as another outlet to have their skills recognized and an opportunity to perform live on stage in front of a large audience. 
Many noteworthy organizations are already in line to endorse the NYCODA movement, and to applaud it as the festival for which New York has long waited. The company has begun to develop an international outlook and has begun partnering with international agencies, in Africa and Europe. Through their international program, NYCODA welcomes actors and performance artists from all over the country and all over the world, and some NYCODA contestants have the opportunity to perform internationally as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21375595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375595" title="ExperVision">
ExperVision

It has positioned itself as an IT Service Provider, providing OCR as an integral part of document imaging management (DIM) and forms processing services (FPS).
Reception.
In 1994, the University of Nevada Las Vegas reported that: "Overall, "ExperVision RTK" performed the best. It demonstrated consistently high accuracy. It performs especially well on proportional pitch text, and is least affected by low resolution (200 dpi). It also provides an excellent automatic zoning capability."
In 2008, an article in PC Magazine said that: “TypeReader is faster and more accurate (than OmniPage) ...”
“However, OCR software is more commonly used to convert a pile of paper documents into editable text files. For that task, TypeReader is faster and more accurate”

</doc>
<doc id="21375611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375611" title="William Williams (murderer)">
William Williams (murderer)

William Williams (1877 – 13 February 1906) was the last person executed by Minnesota. The circumstances of his execution helped lead to the abolition of capital punishment in Minnesota.
Williams was a Cornish immigrant working as a miner in Saint Paul, Minnesota. While hospitalized for diphtheria in 1904, Williams befriended John Keller, a local teenager who was recovering from the same disease. Williams and Keller developed a close homosexual relationship. Over the next two years they boarded together in St. Paul and took two trips to Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada together. Keller's father did not approve of the relationship, and told his son that he was no longer permitted to travel with Williams. Johnny Keller returned to live at his parents' house.
In 1905, Williams had sent Keller a number of letters expressing love for him and requesting that Keller join him in Winnipeg; however, the letters went unanswered at Mr. and Mrs. Keller's insistence. Williams returned to Saint Paul in April 1905 and in a fit of rage shot and killed Johnny Keller and his mother at their house. Johnny Keller was killed instantly when he was shot in the back of the head in his bed and his mother died from her injuries a week later. Johnny Keller's father was not at home at the time of the attack.
Williams was arrested and tried for premeditated murder, pleading not guilty by reason of "emotional insanity". His defence was rejected and on 19 May 1905, Williams was convicted of the murder of Johnny Keller. Williams was sentenced to death by hanging. On 8 December 1905, the Minnesota Supreme Court affirmed the conviction and sentence. One judge dissented in the judgment, arguing that Williams's crime bore the signs of a crime of passion and therefore may have not been premeditated.
On 13 February 1906, Williams's execution was carried out in the basement of the Ramsey County Jail in Saint Paul. However, the rope that was used to hang Williams was too long, and when Williams hit the floor after dropping through the trap door on the gallows, three police officers were required to hold Williams up by the rope for over 14 minutes until he finally died of strangulation.
Williams's "botched" execution was used by opponents of the death penalty in Minnesota to argue that capital punishment should be abolished in the state. Minnesota abolished the death penalty in 1911 and since then it has never been reinstated.

</doc>
<doc id="21375635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375635" title="South Umpqua High School">
South Umpqua High School

South Umpqua High School is a public high school in Myrtle Creek, Oregon, United States.
Academics.
In 2008, 68% of the school's seniors received their high school diploma. Of 129 students, 88 graduated, 31 dropped out, 6 received a modified diploma, and 4 are still in high school.

</doc>
<doc id="21375657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375657" title="Johnny Crash (guitarist)">
Johnny Crash (guitarist)

Johnny Crash (born April 26, 1978 in São Carlos, Brazil) is a guitarist and songwriter. He is an influential figure of Surf music in that country and a former member of The Dead Rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="21375671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375671" title="Chander Mohan">
Chander Mohan

Chander Mohan, is the former Deputy Chief Minister of Haryana State in India. he is son of Bhajan Lal and brother of HJC president Kuldeep Bishnoi.
Mohan was educated at the Lawrence School, Sanawar. He was dismissed from the State Cabinet for his prolonged absence from the office and resurfaced after marrying Anuradha Bali, alias Fiza () and converting to Islam with her and adopting the name "Chand Mohammad" (). The conversion was merely to facilitate a legal second marriage, as Hindus/Sikhs are not allowed multiple marriages in India. Some Muslim clerics protested the misuse of the tenets of Islam for "a marriage of convenience".
For this act of bigamy, he was disowned by his father, Bhajan Lal, who was the former Chief Minister of Haryana State.
On 29 January 2009, Mohan left Ms. Bali, claiming that he still loved his first wife and his children and wanted to reunite with them. He is believed to have moved to the Haryana city of Gurgaon at that time.
He converted back to Hinduism and was readmitted to the Bishnoi community at a brief ceremony held at the Bishnoi Mandir in Hisar on 28 July 2009 in presence of religious leaders.
Ms. Bali is a former Assistant Advocate General of Haryana who left her employment to marry Mohan in December 2008. She was found dead, apparently having committed suicide, on 6 August 2012 
Mohali police is clueless about mysterious circumstances leading to the death of Anuradha Bali. The police claimed that she had spoken to 8 people before her death and the last person she spoke to was Salim Alvi of Bulandshahar, who claimed to have been in constant touch with her. Salim also claimed that Bali had received death threats from some influential people in Haryana.

</doc>
<doc id="21375687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375687" title="My Way (Lester Bowie album)">
My Way (Lester Bowie album)

My Way is the second album Lester Bowie recorded for the Japanese DIW label and the fifth album by his "Brass Fantasy" group. It was released in 1990 and features performances by Bowie, Gregory Williams, Frank Lacy, Steve Turre, E. J. Allen, Gerald Brezel, Earl Garner, Stanton Davis, Bob Stewart, Ken Crutchfield, Vinnie Johnson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2½ stars stating "this set certainly has its interesting moments, although it is a bit erratic". 

</doc>
<doc id="21375694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375694" title="Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car">
Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car

The Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car, also known as ""The Cardinal"" is a historic railcar on the National Register of Historic Places, currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven, Kentucky, in southernmost Nelson County, Kentucky.
It was built in 1927 by the Brill Company of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is a steel rail car, heavy four-cylinder gasoline mechanical drive train engine, that could hold 43 passengers and baggage, with measurements of long by wide. Weighing only , it was cheap to use, costing only 16 cents a mile. Due to always being painted red, it was called "The Cardinal", in tribute to the state bird.
The Cardinal ran the "Whiskey Route" of the Frankfort and Cincinnati Railroad traveling from Frankfort, Kentucky to Paris, Kentucky, with a major stop in Georgetown, Kentucky; a distance of . On December 31, 1952, when the F&C stopped passenger service, The Cardinal was retired; passenger trains could not compete with automobiles. "The Cardinal" broke an axle on Christmas Eve eight days before, and for the last week of passenger service the F&C Superintendent A.E. Parker used his own sedan to transport what few passengers the F&C still had from Frankfort to Paris.
The Kentucky Railway Museum gained possession of The Cardinal in 1960. In 1997 it was one of a maximum of six known gas-powered motor rail cars left in the United States, and the only one in the Southeastern United States.
The Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car is one of four train vehicles at the Kentucky Railway Museum on the National Register. The others are the Louisville and Nashville Steam Locomotive No. 152, the Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665, and the Mt. Broderick Pullman Car.
The F & C had two Brill Railcars. M55-1 and #2. It was #2 that broke the axle while crossing the Southern Ry. at Georgetown, Ky. (1)
References.
(1) Forty Miles, Forty Bridges - The Story of the Frankfort & Cincinnati Railroad by Kenneth R. Hixson

</doc>
<doc id="21375699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375699" title="Marit Tusvik">
Marit Tusvik

Marit Tusvik (born 13 March 1951 in Høyanger) is a Norwegian author, poet and playwright. Tusvik's works have been translated into multiple languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21375712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375712" title="The Defining Moment">
The Defining Moment

"The Defining Moment: FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope" is a political history book by Jonathan Alter about the first 100 days of Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidency. The book also focuses on how Roosevelt's childhood, personal life, diagnosis of polio, and early political life prepared him for those early days in which he established the New Deal to fight the Great Depression.
In "The Defining Moment", Alter presents Roosevelt and his presidency as the perfect mold of man and moment. Alter argues Roosevelt's willingness to experiment and try new ideas, along with his willingness to abandon ideas that fail and try something else, proved to be a tremendous asset; in Alter's words, Roosevelt "threw a lot of things against the wall to see what stuck." Alter also said Roosevelt's inspirational leadership led to psychological victories which helped the country recover from an economic crisis. The book also highlighted the fact that prior to Roosevelt's election, some feared capitalism and democracy were in danger, while suggestions were raised by some about the need for fascism, socialism or communism.
During an interview with "60 Minutes" on November 14, 2008, then-President-elect Barack Obama said he had recently been reading "The Defining Moment" and hoped to apply some of Roosevelt's strategies that were outlined in the book into his own administration. Some reviewers have said Alter's book brings to mind similarities between Obama and Roosevelt's rise to the presidency, in that both men overcame difficulties, both exuded tremendous confidence, both embodied a message of hope and both came to office during difficult economic times.

</doc>
<doc id="21375727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375727" title="Mayapple Press">
Mayapple Press

Mayapple Press is a small literary press started by poet and translator Judith Kerman in 1978. After a hiatus between 1982 and 1992, it became active again, publishing generally one to three titles a year until 2004, when the press became more active. For the past several years, Mayapple Press has been publishing 12-14 titles a year. Mayapple Press has produced more than 70 titles, primarily poetry by single authors, but also poetry anthologies, short fiction and Great Lakes nonfiction. The Press has a special interest in works that straddle conventional categories: Great Lakes/Northeastern U.S. literature, women, Caribbean, translations, science fiction poetry, recent immigrant experience, Judaica. Publications are in both chapbook and trade paperback formats.
Mayapple Press authors include Jayne Pupek, Conrad Hilberry, William Heyen, Penelope Schott, Myra Sklarew, Gerry LaFemina,
Judith Minty, Brian Aldiss, Eleanor Lerman, Mariela Griffor,
Dennis Hinrichsen, David Lunde, Toni Ortner, Judith McCombs, Zilka Joseph,
Claire Keyes 
and Nancy Botkin.
In 2012 Mary Winegarden's poetry collection, "The Translator's Sister", received an American Book Award from the Before Columbus Foundation; Johanny Vazquez Paz's "Streetwise Poems/Poemas Callejeros", received Honorable Mention for the Mariposa First Book Award of the 2008 International Latino Book Awards,
Kathryn Kirkpatrick's poetry collection, "Out of the Garden", was a Finalist in the 2008 Southern Independent Booksellers Association Book Award.
Several books have been nominated for the Pushcart Prize, Michigan Notable Books, the Griffin Poetry Prize, and other prizes
Mayapple Press is a member of CLMP (Council of Literary Magazines and Small Presses) and of AWP (Association of Writers & Writing Programs). Books are distributed by Small Press Distribution, Partners Distributing, and are available online at Amazon.com and other major online booksellers.

</doc>
<doc id="21375750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375750" title="Ronald K. McMullen">
Ronald K. McMullen

Ronald K. McMullen is an American foreign service officer and a career member of the Senior Foreign Service. He served as the U.S. Ambassador to Eritrea 2007–10.
McMullen was born in Iowa, and received his doctorate from the University of Iowa, where wrote his dissertation on economic consequences of African coups d’etat. He received a master’s degree from the University of Minnesota and his bachelor’s degree from Drake University.
He is a member of the Senior Foreign Service and has over twenty five years of diplomatic experience. He previously directed the Office of Afghanistan and Pakistan in the Bureau of International Narcotic and Law Enforcement Affairs. Prior to that he served as Associate Dean of the Foreign Service Institute’s School of Leadership and Management.
Mr. McMullen was Deputy Chief of Mission in Rangoon, Burma from 2002 until 2005. In Burma he worked closely with Nobel Peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and pro-democracy and ethnic minority groups. As Deputy Chief of Mission and Charge’ d’Affaires in the Fiji Islands from 1999 until 2002, he was instrumental in helping Fiji pull back from the brink of civil conflict after an armed takeover of parliament and subsequent coup d’etat.
Other overseas assignments include serving as Deputy Principal Officer in Cape Town, South Africa; Economic Officer in Libreville, Gabon; Political Officer in Colombo, Sri Lanka; and Vice Consul in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. From 1990 until 1993 Dr. McMullen served as Visiting Professor at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, where he taught six different courses in International Relations and Comparative Politics. Before joining the Foreign Service in 1982, Mr. McMullen served as a State Department intern in Khartoum, Sudan.
His languages include Spanish, French, Afrikaans, and Russian. McMullen has authored a dozen scholarly works and is a three-time recipient of the State Department’s Superior Honor Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21375772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375772" title="Johannes Stert">
Johannes Stert

Johannes Stert (born 1963) is an internationally active German conductor and composer.
In 2009-2012, he has conducted Mozart’s "Die Zauberflöte" at the Korean National Theater in Seoul, Mozart’s "Don Giovanni" at Lisbon's Teatro Nacional de São Carlos (where he is a frequent guest) and several opera and symphony performances in Magdeburg, Germany. Praised by Vienna's paper "Die Presse", he also made his debut at the Danish Royal Opera, Copenhagen Opera House, in December 2009, and will return there in 2011. He took the Teatro Nacional de São Carlos company on tour to China in early 2010, conducting operas and concerts in Macao, Hong Kong and Beijing.
From 2002 to 2006, he was Principal Guest Conductor at the Graz (Austria) Opera. From 1995 to 2004 he was First Conductor at the Cologne (Germany) Opera and conducted a large repertoire, specializing in Mozart. While in Graz, he conducted a controversial production of Wagner's "Parsifal", and Hans Werner Henze's "Boulevard Solitude". In 2006, he conducted György Ligeti's bizarre and difficult opera, "Le Grand Macabre."
Stert is Music Director of the Orchesterverein Hilgen, and has conducted such orchestras as the Gürzenich Orchestra Cologne, the Staatsorchester Rheinische Philharmonie, the Cracow Radio Orchestra, the WDR-Radio Orchestra (Stuttgart) and the Ensemble Avantgarde. As both composer and conductor, his many contemporary music projects have enabled him to work closely with well-known composers, such as Karlheinz Stockhausen, John Cage, Manfred Trojahn, Johannes Fritsch and Detlev Glanert. This has led to engagements with such contemporary music groups as the ensemble recherche and the Ensemble Köln. Hans Werner Henze has singled out Johannes Stert for special praise. He is also active in the recording studio, with works such as Karl Goldmark's complete opera "Merlin" in 2007; and the recently rediscovered Friedrich von Flotow Piano Concerti 1 and 2, with the WDR Symphony Orchestra Cologne in 2009.
His works as a composer include "Ida, eine Traurige Humoreske" for winds; the "Engellieder," based on poems by Rilke, for soprano and orchestra (or piano); and the oratorio, "Aus der Stille," for soprano, solo clarinet, chorus, orchestra and two actors.
Johannes Stert lives in Cologne with his wife, German actress Beate Maria Schwarzbauer, and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21375805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375805" title="1939 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season">
1939 Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) season

The 1939 Brooklyn Dodgers season was their tenth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous season's output of 4–4–3, losing six games. They failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eighth consecutive season. The October 22 game against Philadelphia was the first NFL game to be televised.

</doc>
<doc id="21375846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375846" title="List of Tinamidae">
List of Tinamidae

There are 47 species and 123 sub-species from the Tinamidae Family

</doc>
<doc id="21375850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375850" title="Singularity University">
Singularity University

Singularity University is an unaccredited teaching organization located in Silicon Valley whose stated aim is to "educate, inspire and empower leaders to apply exponential technologies to address humanity’s grand challenges." It was founded in 2008 by Peter Diamandis and Ray Kurzweil in Moffett Field, CA.
Singularity University's programs range from an annual ten-week summer course intended for graduate and post-graduate students to programs for corporate executives and government leaders as well as conferences for financial planners. Other programs include Singularity University Labs idea center, as well as a tuition competition.
Academics.
Subjects.
Instruction is offered in 11 different areas: Current instructors for 2013-2014 include:
Director of "Global Grand Challenges" in 2013 is (Nicholas Haan)
Other past and present faculty members, lecturers, founders, board members and advisors include: Chris Boshuizen, Tom Byers, James Canton, Vint Cerf, Marc Goodman, Aubrey de Grey, Christopher deCharms, Tim Ferriss, Linda MacDonald Glenn, Terry Grossman, Klee Irwin, Naveen Jain, Daniel Kammen, Jonathan Knowles, Patrick T. Lin, Garrett Lisi, Larry Brilliant, Bob Metcalfe, Howard L. Morgan, Kathryn Myronuk, Matt Mullenweg, Peter Norvig, David Orban, Daniel Reda, Bob Rice, David S. Rose, Ross Shott, Tina Seelig, George Skidmore, Larry Smarr, George Smoot, Sebastian Thrun, Vivek Wadhwa, Pete Worden, and Will Wright.
Programs.
Additional programs include:
Academic programs.
Graduate Studies Program.
The Graduate Studies Program (GSP) is a ten-week summer program for 80 participants running once per year, June–August with a stated aim of producing projects that can positively impact a billion people in ten years by leveraging exponentially advancing technologies (Tuition US$29,500)
Executive Program.
The Executive Program is a 7-day, 80-participant program running about four times per year (Tuition US$12,000)
Specialty executive programs.
These programs are similar to Executive Programs but have a concentration on a particular area of interest.
Global Impact Competitions.
SU launched a series of Global Impact Competitions, looking for innovative project ideas which could improve the lives of one to five million people (depending on the country) in a 3-year period with the help of technology. Winners of these competitions receive tuition costs for attending the Graduate Studies Program.
The first program started in June 2009, costing US$25,000. The inaugural 2009 class was limited to forty fellows chosen from over 1,200 applicants. Eighty students were accepted for the graduate course beginning summer 2010 from a pool of 4,300 applicants.
Singularity University Labs.
Singularity University Labs is an idea-generating program that proposes to "build and launch sustainable organizations that will positively impact one billion people within a decade."
Organization.
Singularity University is overseen by a Board of Trustees. Rob Nail, one of the organization's Associate Founders, was named CEO of Singularity University in October, 2011. Vivek Wadhwa is the organization's Vice President for Academics and Innovation.
Funding.
Corporate founding partners and sponsors include Google, Nokia, Autodesk, IDEO, LinkedIn, ePlanet Capital, the X Prize Foundation, the Kauffman Foundation and Genentech.
Conversion from non-profit to benefit corporation.
In 2012 Singularity University the non-profit began the process for conversion to a benefit corporation, to include transparency as well as for-profit aspects. In 2013 the new for-profit corporation incorporated as Singularity Education Group and acquired the descriptive "Singularity University" as its trade name.

</doc>
<doc id="21375870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375870" title="Tony Fretton">
Tony Fretton

Tony Fretton (born 17 January 1945) is a British architect known for his residential and public gallery buildings, as well as other British and international design work. He graduated from the Architectural Association (AA) and worked for various practices including Arup, Neyland and Ungless, and Chapman Taylor, before setting up his own firm, Tony Fretton Architects, in 1982. His first major project was the Lisson Gallery in 1990. He is known for designing "location sensitive art spaces" using a combination of vernacular and minimalist approaches balancing new and age-old designs.
From 1999 to present, Tony Fretton has held the post of Professor within the Chair of Architecture and Interiors at TU Delft, the Netherlands.
Projects.
The £27m embassy, has earned plaudits "despite being built on a second-choice site, and squeezed by budget constraints caused by the strengthening of the zloty against the pound" includes Belgian marble facing the entrance and a glazed outer façade that "is actually a brilliantly refined blast-screen".
Fretton's design for Faith House at Holton Lee in Dorset is "a quiet space for contemplation" in the spirit a poor village church. It was made with cedar, glass and birch for £150,000 and was described as "a modern temple providing a still point in a turning world." 

</doc>
<doc id="21375878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375878" title="2004 Utah Utes football team">
2004 Utah Utes football team

The 2004 Utah Utes football team represented the University of Utah in the college football season of 2004–2005. This team was the original 'BCS Buster', meaning, this was the first time that a team from a non-BCS conference was invited to play in one of the BCS bowl games. The team, coached by 2nd year head football coach Urban Meyer, played its home games in Rice–Eccles Stadium. Utah was one of three teams in the top-level Division I FBS to finish the season undefeated (the others being the USC Trojans and the Auburn Tigers, the former of which are now conference rivals of Utah in the Pacific-12 Conference).
Utah was the highest-ranked non-BCS team in each poll every week of the season (with their ranking changing several times).
Season Statistics.
2004 Official Stats
After the season.
NFL Draft.
Utah had five players taken in the 2005 NFL Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="21375892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375892" title="Berenguier de Poizrengier">
Berenguier de Poizrengier

Berenguier de Poizrengier or Peizrenger ("floruit" after 1195) was a minor troubadour or jongleur, the author of one "cobla esparsa", "Mal'aventura do Deus a mas mas", about some bad luck in a game of dice, and some corresponding good fortune in love. Metrically it is modelled off of "Bon'aventura do Deus als Pizans" by Peire Vidal, which can be confidentially dated to 1195. It was probably composed in Languedoc, because of a reference to "cen solz de Malgoires". The "cobla" is preserved only in the chansonnier known as "H", where the poet is named as "berengiers d(e) peiz renger" in the rubric. 
Berenguier's place of origin, "peiz renger", was identified with Puyrenier in Gascony by Camille Chabaneau and with Puisserguier in Languedoc by Oskar Schultz-Gora, which was supported by Alfred Jeanroy, since the name Berenguier is well-recorded in the family of the lords of Puisserguier.

</doc>
<doc id="21375896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375896" title="Helgi the Sharp (Zealand)">
Helgi the Sharp (Zealand)

In "Sögubrot af nokkrum fornkonungum", Helgi the Sharp, prince of Zealand (Old Norse: "Helgi Hvassi") was the brother of Hrœrekr Ringslinger, the king of Zealand, and they lived in the 7th century. Hrœrekr married Auðr the Deep-Minded, the daughter of king Ivar Vidfamne, but Auðr and Helgi felt attracted to each other. King Ivar saw an advantage in this and told Hrœrekr that Auðr was unfaithful with Helgi. Hrœrekr then killed Helgi and after this Hrœrekr was himself soon killed by his father-in-law Ivar who had one opponent less and wanted to include Zealand in his dominions.

</doc>
<doc id="21375912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375912" title="James Haggerty">
James Haggerty

James Haggerty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21375916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375916" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 148">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 148

The 148th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Montgomery County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21375924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375924" title="Nexus-2060">
Nexus-2060

Nexus-2060 is the fifth album of the Japanese electro group Capsule, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21375936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375936" title="Helgi the Sharp (Ringerike)">
Helgi the Sharp (Ringerike)

In "Ragnarssona þáttr", Helgi the Sharp, prince of Ringerike (Old Norse: "Helgi Hvassi") was son of king Ring II of Ringerike and the brother of Guðrøðr, the king of Ringerike and they lived in the 9th century.
Ragnar Lodbrok's sons Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye, Björn Ironside and Hvitserk had raided in France and after Björn had gone home to Sweden, his brothers were attacked by emperor Arnulf of Carinthia. In the battle 100,000 Danes and Norwegians fell, including Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye and king Guðrøðr.
Helgi escaped from the battle with Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye's banner, sword and shield. He went to Denmark and informed Sigurd's mother Aslaug of her loss. Since the next king, Harthacnut, was still too young to rule, Helgi stayed in Denmark as its regent. There, Helgi married Harthacanute's twin sister, also named Aslaug, and they had the son Sigurd Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="21375944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375944" title="The Possimpible">
The Possimpible

"The Possimpible" is the 14th episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 78th overall. It originally aired on February 2, 2009.
Plot.
Robin finds a work permit notice from Immigration stating that if she does not get a job in the next seven days, she will be deported back to Canada. She first tries for a position on the News 10 channel but fails since she has no catch phrase to end her broadcast and simply strings together weird phrases (finishing with "wear a condom").
After Ted laughs at his basketball record, Marshall defends himself by mentioning a medical condition he has that prevents him from playing. It is later revealed that the condition is actually "Dancer's hip," a malady common among ballet dancers. The gang jokes about it, much to Marshall's dismay, but he later admits to Lily that he does dance "more than you know." Barney shows his "awesome video résumé"; after seeing it, Robin requests to have one made.
Robin notices that Barney's video resume uses meaningless buzz words, such as "the Possimpible" to describe the nexus between the Possible and the Impossible. She does not agree with his method of getting a new job (including breaking 15 bricks with her forehead and wearing an Amazon warrior outfit). Her last remaining choice is the Lottery girl job. After Robin is turned down from that job, Ted, Marshall, and Lily are there for her in her last hours in the US. Barney finishes Robin's video résumé without her and it gets her a job at channel 12 hosting a new morning show.
Meanwhile, Ted, Marshall, and Lily reflect on the unnecessary additions to their résumé. Ted still includes his stint as a supposedly controversial college radio DJ (a persona he named "Doctor X"), Marshall includes his basketball dunking championship from Minnesota and Lily includes her victory at a hot dog eating contest (29 dogs in eight minutes, with a nickname of "Lily the Belly"). None of these "achievements" have anything to do with their current careers.
While Ted and Marshall delete their "special" entries from their résumés, Lily actually updates hers after eating 33 hot dogs in eight minutes at MacLaren's in front of a cheering crowd.
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of the AV Club gave the episode an A rating.
Joel Keller of TV Squad praised the episode for its stealthy subtext, how the episode was a subtle way to show more of Barney's growing love for Robin while superficially being about Robin staying in the country and the "weak-ass crap" the others still kept on their resumes.

</doc>
<doc id="21375979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375979" title="Alfredo Jaar">
Alfredo Jaar

Alfredo Jaar (born 1956) is a Chilean-born artist, architect, and filmmaker who lives in New York. He was born in 1956 in Santiago de Chile. From age 5 to 16, he lived in Martinique before moving back to Chile. He is mostly known as an installation artist, often incorporating photography and covering socio-political issues and war - the best known perhaps being the 6-year long "The Rwanda Project" about the 1994 Rwandan genocide. He has also made numerous public intervention works, like "The Skoghall Konsthall" one-day paper museum in Sweden, an early electronic billboard intervention "A Logo For America", and "The Cloud", a performance project on both sides of the Mexico-USA border. He has been featured on Art:21.
Work.
The art of Alfredo Jaar is usually politically motivated, strategies of representation of real events, the faces of war or the globalized world, and sometimes with a certain level of viewer participation (in the case of many public interventions and performances).
"There's this huge gap between reality and its possible representations. And that gap is impossible to close. So as artists, we must try different strategies for representation. [...] process of identification is fundamental to create empathy, to create solidarity, to create intellectual involvement."
Exhibitions.
His work has been shown extensively around the world, notably in the Biennales of Venice (1986, 2007), São Paulo (1987, 1989, 2010), Istanbul (1995), Kwangju (1995, 2000), Johannesburg (1997), and Seville (2006). His work, "Park of the Laments", was part of the which opened in 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art. For the "Revolution vs Revolution" exhibition held at the Beirut Art Center, he produced a new version of his photographic project "1968".
Important individual exhibitions include the New Museum of Contemporary Art, New York (1992); Whitechapel Gallery, London (1992); Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago (1992); Moderna Museet, Stockholm (1994); Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome (2005); Fundación Telefónica, Santiago (2006); Musée des Beaux Arts, Lausanne (2007); and the South London Gallery in 2008.
Jaar is currently representing Chile at the 2013 Venice Biennale.
Alfredo Jaar is represented by kamel mennour in Paris.
Awards.
Jaar became a Guggenheim Fellow in 1985 and a MacArthur Fellow in 2000. He was also a 2006 recipient of Spain's "Premio Extremadura a la Creación".
Jaar received the Chilean Premio Nacional de Artes Plásticas in 2013
Family.
Alfredo's son Nicolas Jaar is a musician and composer.

</doc>
<doc id="21375991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21375991" title="S.F. Sound Furniture">
S.F. Sound Furniture

S. F. Sound Furniture is the fourth album of the Japanese electro group Capsule, released in 2004. 
"Super Scooter Happy" was covered by Kyary Pamyu Pamyu on her 2013 album, "Nanda Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="21376007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376007" title="Sally Jaye">
Sally Jaye

Sally Jaye is an American folk singer-songwriter who has recorded one major solo album, "Amarillo," but has also appeared on several other albums as a member of a group. She currently tours year round from coast to coast both as a solo artist and with the band "Brian Wright And The Waco Tragedies".
The band.
Sally Jaye's band members include: Fil Krhonengold, Brian Allen, Josh Day, and Jason Cope. She also supplies supplementary vocals for "Brian Wright And The Waco Tragedies". Though born in Georgia, and often going back to play local gigs, Sally currently plays most often in the Southern California area.
Career.
Sally grew up in Lawrenceville, Georgia where she studied piano, singing and acting. She studied at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, had a recurring role as a child actor in the TV series Christy, recorded an independent cd for the Atlanta area, and in 2000 joined the band Paper Sun. This was a rock band where Sally Jaye split the lead singing duties with artist Joel Eckels and briefly also with Krister Axel (who came on board for the Paper Sun release 'Humanity'). Sally left "Paper Sun" in 2005 and soon thereafter recorded her album "Amarillo". Sally Jaye is a regular at The Hotel Café in Los Angeles, and Zoey's Cafe in Ventura and has been nominated for four 2009 Mavric awards.
Recordings.
Along with her 2006 release of "Amarillo" Sally Jaye has recorded songs with many prominent artists and bands. She has sung with "Alan Friedman, Gabriel Mann, Jay Nash, Brian Wright, Bennett Cale Project, and Paper Sun", and has written songs for various film and television projects including an end credit title, "Grateful," for the film "If Only," starring Jennifer Love Hewitt and Tom Wilkinson. A live Gospel recording from late 2008 is being mastered for release in 2009 and another solo album is taking shape for later the same year.
Discography.
Sally Jaye has also appeared on the following albums - 

</doc>
<doc id="21376015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376015" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 149">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 149

The 149th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Montgomery County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21376018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376018" title="Helga (disambiguation)">
Helga (disambiguation)

Helga is a feminine given name. For a list of people and fictional characters with this name, see Helga.
Helga may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21376028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376028" title="Leland T. Kennedy">
Leland T. Kennedy

Leland Thornton "Lee" Kennedy (January 1, 1934 to December 28, 2003) was a career officer and pilot in the United States Air Force, and a highly decorated veteran of the Vietnam War. Kennedy flew the EC-121 Warning Star during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and later served two tours of duty in Vietnam.
In his second Vietnam tour, he distinguished himself as a combat search and rescue helicopter pilot, twice awarded the Air Force Cross in 1966 for actions occurring 15 days apart. Kennedy is one of only four airmen to receive multiple awards of the Air Force Cross.
Kennedy also received the Silver Star, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal with five Oak Leaf Clusters, and numerous other medals and campaign ribbons during his career. After 30 years of service, Kennedy retired at Langley AFB, Hampton, Virginia, in 1985.
Education and family.
From Kennedy's obituary:
Leland (Lee) Thornton Kennedy, age 69, of Yorktown, Virginia, died peacefully Sunday, December 28, 2003, with his family at his side. Kennedy was born January 1, 1934, in Louisville, Kentucky, to Edith and William Kennedy. He graduated from the University of Kentucky, Lexington, in 1955, and during college was a member of ROTC and Kappa Sigma fraternity.
After retirement, Kennedy served his community as a member of the York/Poquoson Social Service Board, and served as Chairman of that organization for three years. In addition, he incorporated his interest in woodworking and miniature ship building into his own business, "Why Knot", for many years. In recent years, Kennedy joined his love of family and his interest in history by researching the genealogical history of his family. He leaves to cherish his memory his loving bride of almost 50 years, Harriet June, as well as three children, seven grandchildren and one great-grandchild. Burial...in Arlington National Cemetery, Washington, D.C.
Air Force career.
Kennedy was commissioned through the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps program at the University of Kentucky on 31 August 1955. After completing Undergraduate Pilot Training at Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma, Kennedy entered helicopter training and completed it in March 1957. His first assignment was at Oxnard Air Force Base, California, from March 1957 to March 1959, flying Sikorsky SH-19B search and rescue helicopters, after which he completed Weapons Controller training and was assigned to the 4640th Support Squadron at Norton Air Force Base, California, from December 1960 to August 1962.
He was next assigned to the 963rd Airborne Early Warning and Control Squadron, 552nd AEWC Wing at McClellan Air Force Base, California, as a pilot flying EC-121 Warning Stars. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, he was assigned to its 966th AEWC Squadron based at McCoy Air Force Base, Florida, flying specially-modified EC-121Qs on Gold Digger missions (tracking Lockheed U-2 surveillance flights) and monitoring Cuban airspace.
In April 1965, still part of the airborne early warning force, Kennedy, now a captain and aircraft commander, was one of several crews of the 552nd AEWCW to be sent to Tan Son Nhut Air Base near Saigon, South Vietnam, as part of the Big Eye Task Force.
Upon completion of his temporary duty in Vietnam, Kennedy completed upgrade training to the HH-3E rescue helicopter at Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas, and became a pilot with the Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Service (ARRS).
Second Southeast Asia tour.
Kennedy was stationed at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, with Detachment 5 of the 38th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron, a Combat Search and Rescue (CSAR) unit of six HH-3E "Jolly Green" helicopters. Standard operating procedures dispatched an airborne controller aircraft (a Lockheed HC-130 Hercules using the call sign "Crown"), two helicopters, and two to four A-1H Sandys tasked as rescue escort (initially "RESCORT" but later "RESCAP") on recovery missions. The force was divided into two tactical elements, with the initial recovery helicopter designated as "Jolly Low" and the backup as "Jolly High". The ResCAP flight was likewise divided as "Sandy Low" and "Sandy High", with Sandy Low Lead designated as the on-scene commander.
5 October 1966.
On his eighth mission, and operating from a forward location at Nakhon Phanom RTAFB (NKP), Kennedy was aircraft commander ("RCC") of Jolly Green 04 on a CSAR for the crew of Tempest 03, an F-4C Phantom of the 433rd Tactical Fighter Squadron. His crew consisted of copilot ("RCCP") 1st Lt. Donald R. Harris, flight engineer ("HM") SSgt. Donald J. Hall, and pararescueman ("PJ") A2C Robert B. Williamson.
The rescue location was 300 miles distant inside North Vietnam, in a box canyon 20 miles northeast of Na San. The F-4 had been an escort fighter for a pair of EB-66 electronic countermeasures (ECM) aircraft, and had been shot down by a MiG-21. Kennedy had not yet performed a combat rescue and so received assignment as Jolly High, while Jolly Green 36, piloted by Capt. Oliver E. O'Mara, Jr, was tasked to make the recovery.
In the rescue area two A-1 Sandys, after several strafing runs to drive off approaching troops, drew no fire on a final low pass over the area. O'Mara crested a ridgeline into the canyon and lowered his hoist to pick up the F-4's aircraft commander, with whom he was in radio communication. His helicopter was immediately hit from above by small arms fire, forcing O'Mara to pull out. The downed pilot on his last transmission radioed that he had been hit in the chest. O'Mara made two further rescue attempts in the badly damaged HH-3E before his hoist was knocked out, and he had to return to base. O'Mara was awarded the Air Force Cross in 1969 for his efforts.
Common procedure was that the secondary helicopter escorted a heavily damaged primary helicopter back to base, but Kennedy was asked to return to continue the pickup attempts of the F-4 backseater, his first actual attempt at combat rescue. On the first try, his aircraft was hit and both enlisted men slightly wounded. The HH-3E was driven off by fire four times, taking more battle damage on each pass. Despite deteriorating weather conditions, a rupture in their forward fuel tank, and smoke in the aircraft, Kennedy's three crewmen joined him in wanting to try again. In the poor weather, Williamson noted that better reference points were on the left side of the aircraft and urged that Lt. Harris conduct the hover.
On the fifth attempt, hearing gunfire but not struck, the crew dropped the hoist and reeled in the pilot, 1st Lt. Edward W. Garland, whose parachute filled with rotor wash and nearly entangled the rotors. Kennedy exfiltrated the area at low level, with the ridgetops above them concealed by lowering clouds. Below minimum fuel levels needed to return to Udorn, he flew Jolly Green 04 to Lima Site 36, a forward operating location at Na Khang, Laos. Kennedy was recommended for the Air Force Cross and his crew members each received the Silver Star for the rescue .
20 October 1966.
Fifteen days later, on the morning of 20 October, Kennedy launched as Jolly Green 36 (high) on a CSAR with Jolly Green 02 (low), flown by Major Adrian D. Youngblood, to recover another 433rd TFS F-4C crew, that of Avenger 03, shot down in Laos southwest of Dong Hoi, North Vietnam. His crew this mission consisted of RCCP 1st Lt. Elmer C. Lavender, HM SSgt. Raymond Godsey, and PJ A1C Robert J. Ward.
Both F-4 crewmen had landed in trees. Their wingmen had remained in the area, making repeated low level passes without a gun or ordnance to try to slow down the hostile forces trying to kill or capture the airmen. Jolly Green 02 lowered its hoist to the Phantom's rear seat pilot, 1st Lt. Joseph C. Merrick, who was suspended 150 feet in the air and had lashed himself to a tree. During the eight minutes of hover needed for Merrick to transfer from his parachute harness to the jungle penetrator and be brought up, Jolly Green 02 was hit numerous times from directly ahead and Merrick was twice wounded. Youngblood rotated its tail towards the gunfire to keep the pilots from being hit. As soon as Youngblood applied power to climb, the helicopter's transmission oil pressure failed, warning of imminent seizure of both engines. Youngblood broadcast a "Mayday" and searched for a field to make an emergency landing, flying six miles before spotting one.
Orbiting overhead, Kennedy had been unable to see the action because of thickening clouds. He descended, and after observing a village next to the clearing Youngblood had spotted, directed Jolly Green 02 to a field a half mile away. Aboard Jolly Green 36, Lt. Lavender jettisoned its external fuel tanks and dumped fuel to compensate for the added weight of Youngblood's crew and the F-4 pilot. On the ground about 25 yards from the other helicopter, Kennedy continued dumping fuel with his engines running and rotor turning, despite the risk of explosive vapors.
The downed crewmen and the wounded F-4 pilot ran to board Kennedy's aircraft under fire, during which both enlisted crewmen were also wounded. Carrying nine men, Kennedy performed a "maximum performance" liftoff. The A-1s covering the rescue then strafed the abandoned helicopter, during which Sandy 08 was shot down on its second pass and its pilot, Capt. David R. Wagener, killed. As Kennedy's HH-3E reached an altitude of 2,000 feet, he requested the location of the second crewman, which the Sandys provided. A forward air controller (FAC) in an O-1E Bird Dog spotted the F-4's pilot, Major Lacy W. Breckenridge, still in a tree and used his wingtip to point to the location. Kennedy made a high speed descent to hover, but Communist soldiers emerged from the trees, firing at the helicopter with small arms. Airman Ward returned fire with an M-16. The rescue was effected although under attack the entire time. On the return flight Sandy 05, another escort, reported that it was losing power, and Kennedy escorted it to Nakhon Phanom RTAFB, where both landed safely.
16 February 1967.
Kennedy's unit had been redesignated Detachment 1, 37th ARRS on 16 January 1967 and located at NKP. On 6 February Jolly Green 05 (low) from NKP, on a CSAR to rescue a downed Forward Air Controller, was shot down with three of its four crew members killed in action.
On 16 February 1967, Dusty 71, an F-100D flown by Col. Frank Buzze, the Deputy Commander of Operations of the 31st Tactical Fighter Wing, was shot down while conducting an interdiction mission along the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Saravane Province of southern Laos. Buzze ejected and landed on the hillside in rugged karst. Covered by his wingman and the FAC that had been working their mission, Covey 54, Buzze hid from searching Pathet Lao troops as a CSAR was launched by a pair of HH-3Es, Jolly Green 56 (low) and Jolly Green 07 (high), forward-located and on ground alert at Quang Tri in Vietnam. From NKP, a second mission also launched, Kennedy in Jolly Green 36 (low) and Capt. Robert L. Powell in Jolly Green 37 (high). Kennedy's crew consisted of RCCP 1st Lt. James A. Colyer, Godsey as HM, and PJ A2C Robert D. Bowers.
Jolly Green 56 located Buzze and attempted to hover for pickup but was struck repeatedly from three sides by automatic weapons fire, killing the RCC, Capt. Angelo Pullara, and wounding the RCCP Capt. Jerrold D. Ward. Led by Jolly Green 07 and assisted on the controls by the flight engineer, Ward flew the stricken helicopter to an emergency landing at nearby Saravane. After the aborted pickup, Buzze moved approximately a kilometer out of the area while A-1s continued efforts to suppress the AAA fire. Jollys 36 and 37 arrived on scene and the on-scene commander again authenticated Buzze's identity and new location. Kennedy then attempted a pickup, but like Jolly Green 56, was struck repeatedly in the hover, damaging a fuel cell and the aft portion of the aircraft, forcing him to return to base. After further suppression runs by the Sandys, Jolly Green 37 made a third attempt and successfully picked up Buzze more than four hours after his shoot-down. For his role in the mission, Kennedy was awarded the Silver Star.
Subsequent career.
"Kennedy flew 99 missions in Southeast Asia, totalling 354 hours of combat flight time...Kennedy was referred to by Secretary of the Air Force Harold Brown as a major figure in 'one of the most outstanding human dramas in the history of the Air Force.'"
At the conclusion of his SEA tour, Kennedy was assigned as a CH-3E pilot with the 1042nd Test Squadron at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, from August 1967 to July 1970; and with the 5040th Helicopter Squadron at Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, from July 1970 to July 1972. From July 1972 to June 1975 he was on staff at the Headquarters, Alaskan Command. Kennedy served as Assistant Director Region Control Center with the 21st Air Division at Hancock Field, New York, from August 1975 to September 1976, followed by duty as Assistant Deputy Commander for Operations of the 602nd Tactical Air Control Wing at Bergstrom Air Force Base, Texas, from October 1976 to October 1978. He returned to Elmendorf AFB and served with Headquarters, Alaskan Air Command and as commander of the 531st Aircraft Control and Warning Group (re-designated 11th Tactical Control Group in 1981) from October 1978 to December 1982. His final assignments were as Deputy Director and then Director, Operational Plans and Support in the office of the Deputy Chief of Staff Operations, Headquarters Tactical Air Command at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, from December 1982 until his retirement from the Air Force on 1 October 1985.
Citations.
AFC First Award.
Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Title 10, Section 8742, United States Code, takes pleasure in presenting the Air Force Cross to Captain Leland Thornton Kennedy (AFSN: 0-65194), United States Air Force, for extraordinary heroism in military operations against an opposing armed force while serving with Detachment 5, 38th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron, DaNang Air Base, Vietnam, in action in Southeast Asia on 5 October 1966. On that date, Captain Kennedy, flying as pilot of an unarmed HH-3E rescue helicopter, proceeded deep into hostile territory in attempts to rescue two downed American pilots. Disregarding his own safety, he voluntarily flew through heavy automatic weapons and intense small arms fire to reach the injured airmen. Captain Kennedy succeeded in rescuing one of the downed American; however, heavy ground fire forced him from the area before he could reach the other one. Through his extraordinary heroism, superb airmanship, and aggressiveness in the face of hostile forces, Captain Kennedy reflected the highest credit upon himself and the United States Air Force.
AFC Second Award.
Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Title 10, Section 8742, United States Code, takes pleasure in presenting a Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster in lieu of a Second Award of the Air Force Cross to Captain Leland Thornton Kennedy (AFSN: 0-65194), United States Air Force, for extraordinary heroism in military operations against an opposing armed force as a HH-3E Helicopter Pilot in Detachment 5, 38th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron, DaNang Air Base, Vietnam, in action in Southeast Asia on 20 October 1966. On that date, Captain Kennedy successfully recovered six downed American airmen. Despite the intense, accurately directed, hostile fire which damaged his own unarmed rescue helicopter, Captain Kennedy, with indomitable courage and professional skill, chose to land next to a disabled companion helicopter and retrieve the crew, plus a previously rescued wounded F-4C pilot. With undaunted determination, Captain Kennedy, then amid hostile fire, sought and successfully recovered the second downed F-4C pilot. This event added luster to the chronicles of heroism recorded in Air Force annals and brought further credit to Captain Kennedy's ability to ignore danger while engaged in the rescue of others. Through his extraordinary heroism, superb airmanship, and aggressiveness in the face of hostile forces, Captain Kennedy reflected the highest credit upon himself and the United States Air Force.
Silver Star Award.
Citation:
The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress July 9, 1918 (amended by an act of July 25, 1963), takes pleasure in presenting the Silver Star to Captain Leland Thornton Kennedy (AFSN: 0-65194), United States Air Force, for gallantry in connection with military operations against an opposing armed force while serving as Pilot of an HH-3E Rescue Helicopter of Detachment 5, 38th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron, DaNang Air Base, Vietnam, in action in Southeast Asia, on 16 February 1967. On that date, Captain Kennedy, as Rescue Crew Commander of an unarmed HH-3E helicopter, assumed primary recovery responsibility on a downed pilot when another helicopter experienced extensive battle damage and loss of personnel. Without regard for his personal safety and concerned only with saving the life of the survivor, Captain Kennedy committed his aircraft into a box canyon heavily defended by automatic weapons and small arms fire. As he approached a hover near the position of the downed airman, heavy fire raked the aircraft until fuel exhaustion made it necessary to return to a recovery base. By his gallantry and devotion to duty, Captain Kennedy has reflected great credit upon himself and the United States Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="21376029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376029" title="Tommy Johnagin">
Tommy Johnagin

Tommy Johnagin (born March 25, 1983) is an American stand-up comedian.
Johnagin is from Benton, Illinois. He began performing stand-up comedy at age 18 and dropped out of college at age 21 to become a full-time comedian.
Career.
Johnagin's television credits include Comedy Central's "Live at Gotham" and "CMT Comedy Stage". He has participated in Comedy's Central's South Beach Comedy Festival and has made numerous guest appearances on "The Bob & Tom Show" and "The Ron and Fez Show". Johnagin said of this period in his career, "I made it my goal to work as hard as I possibly could the whole time I've been doing this. I didn't really take my time doing anything. Just constantly writing and constantly performing." When Johnagin began his stand-up career, he made his act consciously clean and family-friendly; later, he incorporated more risque material into his act, but continues not to curse during performance. 
In 2007, Johnagin participated in the Just For Laughs comedy festival in Montreal, where he was the highest reviewed "New Face." Upon arriving in Montreal, Johnagin learned that the scouts who book stand-up comedians for the "Late Show with David Letterman" were in the crowd. Performing on Letterman's show was one of Johnagin's personal career goals, so he said he wrote his Montreal material as if it were an "extended late-night spot." The scout was impressed enough to book Johnagin for the show, and he performed his stand-up routine on the "Late Show" in May 2008. He has made six appearances on the "The Late Show with David Letterman" as of March 2014
Johnagin appeared in a 30-minute "Comedy Central Presents" special in January 2009, which Johnagin had described as another one of his personal career goals. He has been headlining at comedy clubs across the United States since 2008.
In 2010 Johnagin appeared as a contestant on the NBC reality series "Last Comic Standing". He placed second.
On May 16, 2012 Johnagin announced that his girlfriend was expecting on the The Ron and Fez Show on Sirius XM Radio and has a stand-up appearance on NickMom Night Out.

</doc>
<doc id="21376041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376041" title="Baburao Painter">
Baburao Painter

Baburao Painter (1890-1954) was an Indian film director.
Life.
He was born Baburao Krishnarao Mestry in 1890 in Kolhapur. He taught himself to paint and derives its name "Painter". (hence the name) and sculpt in academic art school style. He and his artist cousin Anandrao Painter between 1910 and 1916 were the leading painters of stage backdrops in Western India doing several famous curtains for Sangeet Natak troupes and also for Gujarati Parsi theatres. They became avid filmgoers following Raja Harishchandra.
Baburao and his cousin Anandarao bought a movie projector from the Bombay flea market and proceeded to exhibit films, studying the art of movies all the while. Anandarao was busy with assembling a camera for their maiden venture, and his untimely death at this juncture compelled Baburao to go it alone
They turned to cinema first as exhibitors while trying to assemble their own camera. Anandrao however died in 1916 and Painter and his main disciple V.G. Damle eventually put together a working camera in 1918.
Film career.
Baburao was one of the leading stage painter for West Indian theatres during 1910 and 1916. He was also an film enthusiast and founded Maharashtra Film Company in 1919. To enable this Baburao had borrow money from Tanibai Kagolkar, a long-time admirer. Movie acting, especially tamasha's were looked down upon in conservative societies like Kolhapur so the studio itself was an living quarter for quite a few including leading ladies - Gulab Bai (renamed Kamaladevi) and Anusuya Bai (renamed Sushiladevi). Painter got onboard his old colleagues including Damle and S. Fatehlal and later on V. Shantaram, trio who later on left to set up Prabhat Film Company. 
Baburao's first feature film was Sairandri (1920), which got heavily censored for its graphic depiction of slaying of Keechak by Bhima. However the movie itself got positive critics and commercial acclaim spurring Painter on to take on more ambitious projects. He wrote his own screenplays, and led the three-dimensional space rather than stage-painting in the Indian movie. 1921/22, he published the first Indian films and programs designed to even the movie posters. Publicity was not alien to Painter's many talents - in 1921-22, he distributed programme booklets complete with photographs and film details.
Baburao was a man of many talents - he wrote his own screenplays and he was also the first Indian filmmaker to adopt the method Eisenstein had described as `stenographic` - he sketched the costumes, movements, and characters. He changed the concept of set designing from painted curtains to solid multi-dimensional lived in spaces, he introduced artificial lighting and understood the importance of publicity. As early as 1921-22 he was the first to issue programme booklets, complete with details of the film and photographs. He also painted himself tasteful, eye-catching posters of his films.
A perfectionist, he insisted upon any number of rehearsals. As Zunzarrao Pawar, a cast member, said `` He would take umpteen rehearsals before actual shooting...but he was very slow in film-making. That was why we used to get annoyed with him sometimes.``
The advent of sound in 1931 did not excite Painter. However after a few more silent films, the Maharashtra Film Company pulled down its shutters with the advent of sound. Baburao was not particularly keen on the talkies for he believed that they would destroy the visual culture so painfully evolved over the years.
He returned to painting and sculpture, his original vocation barring sporadic ventures like remaking Savkari Pash in sound in 1936, Pratibha (1937), one of his few preserved films which is a good illustration of Painter's control over big sets, lighting and crowd scenes and Lokshahir Ramjoshi (1947) on Shantaram's invitation.
The beautiful posters that Baburao painted for his films prompted the advice of not wasting his talent on "dirty walls", that an art gallery was the correct destination! Prophetic words indeed, because later his posters were up at J.J. School of Art, Mumbai and much admired by the principal, Gladstone Solomon.
Filmography.
Actor.
Together, Sinhagad and Kalyan Khajina won a medal at the Wembley Exhibition, London. One newspaper, Daily Express, described the films as "full of strangely wistful beauty, and acted with extraordinary grace."

</doc>
<doc id="21376046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376046" title="Wehrmacht">
Wehrmacht

The Wehrmacht ( ("Defence Force")—from , to defend and , power, force, cognate to English "might") was the unified armed forces of Germany from 1935 to 1945. It consisted of the "Heer" (army), the "Kriegsmarine" (navy) and the "Luftwaffe" (air force).
Origin and use of the term.
The German term "Wehrmacht" generically describes any nation's Armed Forces, thus, "Britische Wehrmacht" denotes "British Armed Forces." The term "Wehrmacht" is in Article 47 of the 1919 Weimar Constitution, establishing that: "The Reich's President holds supreme command of all armed forces the Wehrmacht of the Reich" ("Der Reichspräsident hat den Oberbefehl über die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches"). From 1919, Germany's national defence force was known as the "Reichswehr", which name was dropped in favor of "Wehrmacht" on 16 March 1935. In modern day Germany the name "Wehrmacht" is considered a proper noun for the 1935–45 armed forces, being replaced by "Streitkräfte" in its original meaning; however, this was not so even some decades after 1945. In English writing "Wehrmacht" is often used to refer specifically to the land forces (army); the correct German for this is "Heer".
History.
After World War I ended with the signing of the armistice of 11 November 1918, the armed forces were dubbed "Friedensheer" (peace army) in January 1919. In March 1919, the national assembly passed a law founding a 420,000-strong preliminary army as "Vorläufige Reichswehr". The terms of the Treaty of Versailles were announced in May, and in June, Germany was forced to sign the treaty which, among other terms, imposed severe constraints on the size of Germany's armed forces. The army was limited to one hundred thousand men with an additional fifteen thousand in the navy. The fleet was to consist of at most six battleships, six cruisers, and twelve destroyers. Submarines, tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air-force was dissolved. A new post-war military (the "Reichswehr") was established on 23 March 1921. General conscription was abolished under another mandate of the Versailles treaty.
The limitations imposed by Versailles turned out to be a blessing in disguise for the military. That the "Reichswehr" was limited to 100,000 men ensured that under the new leadership of Hans von Seeckt, the "Reichswehr" kept only the very best officers. The American historians Alan Millet and Williamson Murray wrote "In reducing the officers corps, Seeckt chose the new leadership from the best men of the general staff with ruthless disregard for other constituencies, such as war heroes and the nobility". Seeckt's determination that the "Reichswehr" be an elite cadre force that would serve as the nucleus of an expanded military when the chance for restoring conscription came essentially led to the creation of a new army, based upon, but very different from, the army that existed in World War I. Though Seeckt retired in 1926, the army that went to war in 1939 was largely his creation. In the 1920s, Seeckt and his officers developed new doctrines emphasizing speed, aggression, combined arms and initiative on the part of lower officers to take advantage of momentary opportunities. Germany was forbidden to have an air-force by Versailles, but Seeckt, who saw the advantages of air-warfare, created a clandestine cadre of air-force officers in the early 1920s. Seeckt's cadre of secret air-officers saw the role of an air-force as winning air-superiority, tactical and strategic bombing and providing ground support. That the Luftwaffe did not develop a strategic bombing force in the 1930s was not due to a lack of interest, but because of economic limitations. The leadership of the Navy led by Grand Admiral Erich Raeder, a close protégé of Alfred von Tirpitz, was dedicated to the idea of reviving Tirpitz's High Seas Fleet. Officers who believed in submarine warfare led by Admiral Karl Dönitz were in a minority before 1939. Naval officers saw war almost entirely in tactical and technological terms, and had almost no interest in operational matters.
By 1922, Germany had begun covertly circumventing these conditions. A secret collaboration with the Soviet Union began after the treaty of Rapallo. Major-General Otto Hasse traveled to Moscow in 1923 to further negotiate the terms. Germany helped the Soviet Union with industrialization and Soviet officers were to be trained in Germany. German tank and air-force specialists could exercise in the Soviet Union and German chemical weapons research and manufacture would be carried out there along with other projects. Around 300 German pilots received training at Lipetsk, some tank training took place near Kazan, and toxic gas was developed at Saratov for the German army.
Adolf Hitler and the reinstatement of conscription.
After the death of President Paul von Hindenburg on 2 August 1934, Adolf Hitler assumed the office of "Reichspräsident", and thus became commander in chief. All officers and soldiers of the German armed forces had to swear a personal oath of loyalty to the "Führer", as Hitler was called. By 1935, Germany was openly flouting the military restrictions set forth in the Versailles Treaty: German re-armament was announced on 16 March and reintroduction of conscription on 21 May.
While the size of the standing army was to remain at about the 100,000-man mark decreed by the treaty, a new group of conscripts equal to this size would receive training each year. The conscription law introduced the name "Wehrmacht", so not only can this be regarded as its founding date, but the organization and authority of the "Wehrmacht" can be viewed as Nazi creations regardless of the political affiliations of its high command (who nevertheless all swore the same personal oath of loyalty to Hitler). The insignia was a simpler version of the Iron Cross (the straight-armed so-called "Balkenkreuz" or beamed cross) that had been used as an aircraft and tank marking in late World War I, beginning in March and April 1918. The existence of the "Wehrmacht" was officially announced on 15 October 1935.
Soldiers.
Numbers.
The total number of soldiers who served in the "Wehrmacht" during its existence from 1935 to 1945 is believed to have approached 18.2 million. This figure was put forward by historian and represents the total number of people who ever served in the "Wehrmacht", and "not" the force strength of the "Wehrmacht" at any point.
Recruitment.
Recruitment for the Wehrmacht was accomplished through voluntary enlistment (1933–45) and conscription (1935–45). Men were registered for service by annual classes, and deferments for students and those working in vital economic enterprises and industries were liberally granted, prior to the war. Men were called up for service by individual letter; before the war, older registrants were only required to attend occasional training exercises of limited duration.
During the early stages of World War II, occupational and medical discharges from service were fairly easy to obtain, but as the conflict intensified, these became fewer and harder to come by. Naval and Luftwaffe personnel were increasingly transferred to the Army as the war wore on, and "voluntary" enlistments in the S.S. were stepped up, as well. Eventually, exemptions previously granted to sole surviving sons were revoked, and men as old as sixty were forced to register for combat service.
Following the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943 fitness standards for Wehrmacht recruits were drastically lowered, with the regime going so far as to create "special diet" battalions for men with severe stomach ailments. Rear-echelon units were scoured for any available personnel, and these were sent to front-line duty wherever possible, especially during the last two years of the war. Finally, as Wehrmacht losses mounted, the Nazi government instituted the Volkssturm, a home guard made up mostly of old men and boys, who proved totally inadequate to stop the advancing Allied armies during the final months of the war.
Foreign recruits.
Prior to World War II, the Wehrmacht strove to remain a purely German force; as such, minorities, such as the Czechs in annexed Czechoslovakia, were exempted from military service after Hitler's takeover of that country in 1938. Foreign volunteers were generally not accepted in the German armed forces prior to 1941; however, Germans living abroad were encouraged to return and enlist in the Army.
With the invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941, the government's positions on recruitment changed. German propagandists wanted to present the war not as a purely German concern, but as a multi-national crusade against Communism. Hence, the Wehrmacht and S.S. began to seek out recruits from occupied and neutral countries across Europe: the "Germanic" (as the Nazis defined them) peoples of nations such as the Netherlands and Norway were recruited largely into the S.S., while "non-Germanic" people such as Croats were recruited into the Wehrmacht. The "voluntary" nature of such recruitment was often rather dubious, especially in the later years of the war, when even Poles were declared "ethnic Germans" and drafted into the Army.
After Germany's defeat in the Battle of Stalingrad, the Wehrmacht also made substantial use of personnel from the Soviet Union, including the Caucasian Muslim Legion, Turkestan legion, Crimean Tatars, ethnic Ukrainians and Russians, Cossacks, and others who wished to fight against Stalin or who were otherwise induced to volunteer. Entire units were formed from these people, many of which were renowned for their bravery; however, others did not perform as well. Following the war, many of these recruits were repatriated to the Soviet Union, where most perished in the Gulag or were executed.
Pay and allowances.
Wehrmacht soldiers received either one (for draftees) or two (for professional soldiers) types of pay:
All Wehrmacht soldiers on combat duty (draftee or professional) were paid a non-taxable war-service salary in advance every ten to thirty days, unless they were prisoners of war, via their unit paymaster. In addition, they were paid a monthly allowance for support of their dependents, which was given directly to those dependents by the civilian authorities. Unlike personal pay, the dependent allowance was payable even if the soldier became a POW. The amount of these payments were based on the soldier's rank.
Professional soldiers received, in addition to the pay and allowances described above, their usual peacetime Wehrmacht monthly salary, payable by check one to two months in advance; plus a housing allowance (if not living in barracks), and an allowance for their dependents. As with the wartime pay, this compensation was based upon their rank, and was subject to a mandatory deduction that partially offset their war-service pay (see previous paragraph). Unlike the war service pay, their regular monthly salary was subject to taxation, and was payable even if they were taken prisoner. Instead of being given to the soldier personally, this payment was deposited into his home bank account, or given to his dependents. Other than the quarters allowance and allowance for his children, the professional soldier was not entitled to any civilian family support.
During wartime, draftees who had achieved the rank of Senior Private First Class or above could apply to be paid the additional, professional, rate if they so desired; however, if their applications were approved, they would no longer be entitled to the civilian family support that draftees otherwise received.
For a table of both salaries, arranged by rank and given in 1945 U.S. Dollars, see Item 6: Wehrmacht Pay Table.
In addition to these salaries, all soldiers on front-line duty (regardless of rank) received the equivalent of 40 U.S. cents per day as a special allowance; this was not considered combat pay, but was rather described as compensation for "more difficult living conditions". Soldiers compelled to travel in the line of duty received a nightly quarters allowance plus $2.40 (1945 U.S. dollars) per diem.
Other benefits.
All soldiers, professional or draftee, were entitled to free rations, quarters and clothing (the last was free only to enlisted men) while on active service; those compelled to eat away from their unit received $1.20 U.S. per day per diem. Professional soldiers were not given any additional allowance for quarters if living off-base (as this was considered part of their base pay), but draftees received assistance for their families while on active duty.
Enlisted men were given all uniforms, boots, etc. without charge, while Wehrmacht officers were granted a one-time uniform allowance of $180 U.S. upon commissioning; $280 was paid to Naval officers. Officers were given $12 U.S. per month thereafter for uniform maintenance. Professional soldiers were paid a cash enlistment bonus: $120 U.S. for a twelve-year contract, or $40 U.S. for a 4.5 year contract.
Pensions and furloughs.
Regular officers and professional soldiers were eligible for various benefits upon discharge, depending upon their length of service. Lump-sum payments, unemployment assistance and pensions were available, depending upon length and character of service. All soldiers granted an Honorable discharge were given a $20 discharge bonus.
Professional Non-commissioned officers were encouraged to enter the German civil service or agriculture upon discharge; those choosing the latter option were entitled to a cash sum to enable them to purchase farmland.
Furloughs were granted for a variety of reasons, including recreations, sick-leave, bombing, emergency or occupational. Transportation was supposed to be free for all furloughed soldiers, and a special ration card was issued to them. As Germany's military situation worsened, the relatively liberal leave policy practiced in the Wehrmacht during the early years of the war was changed, to the point where furloughs became all but nonexistent during the last years of the war, except for convalescing soldiers.
Documents and I.D. tags.
All Wehrmacht soldiers, professional and draftee, were issued a "Wehrpass", or Service Record Book, upon their initial examination for military service. This passport-sized booklet contained all details of their pre-Wehrmacht service in the German Labor Service together with all assignments and pertinent details of their military service up to their date of discharge. This book was retained by their unit while they were on active assignment; when the soldier was between assignments or otherwise on inactive status, the "Wehrpass" was returned to them.
In addition to their "Wehrpass", Wehrmacht soldiers were issued a "Soldbuch", or pay-book, which they kept in their possession at all times. This booklet, also passport-size, contained their Military registration number ("Wehrnummer") and Identity-disc number, together with a complete record of all pay and awards received, medical history, promotions, assignments, and other pertinent information related to each individual's military service.
Wehrmacht soldiers wore two identical identity discs around their necks, given to them by the first unit with which they served. Each soldier's serial number, unit and blood type were recorded on the tag, which could be re-issued (with a new serial number) by future units to which the soldier was assigned.
Other records kept on Wehrmacht soldiers included a Military Record book (comparable to the 201 file maintained on U.S. Army soldiers), a Health Record Book, and a Classification Card. These records were kept at the recruiting station where the soldier had initially enlisted, and included an official police report on his conduct prior to joining the Armed Forces (which was required as part of the induction process).
Upon discharge, the soldier traded his "Soldbuch" for his "Wehrpass", which remained in his possession for life (as did his Serial Number); deceased soldiers' Wehrpasses were forwarded to their next of kin. All other records, including his Soldbuch, were transferred to his home recruiting station for safekeeping.
Top ranks.
Reichsmarschall.
The post of the Reichsmarschall was the highest military ranking that a German could reach. The post was held solely by Hermann Göring, the most powerful Nazi leader in Germany apart from Hitler. Göring also served as the head of the Luftwaffe and was responsible for handling Germany's war economy.
Generalfeldmarschall.
In 1936, Hitler revived the rank of field marshal, originally only for the Minister of War and Commander-in-chief of the Wehrmacht.
Generaloberst.
The rank of Generaloberst, usually translated as "colonel general", but perhaps better as "senior general" was equivalent to a four-star rank.
General.
This three-star rank was formally linked to the branch of the army Heer, or air-force Luftwaffe, in which the officer served, and (nominally) commanded: in addition to the long established General der Kavallerie, General der Artillerie and General der Infanterie, the Wehrmacht also had General der Panzertruppe (armoured troops), General der Gebirgstruppe (mountain troops), General der Pioniere (engineers), General der Fallschirm-Truppe (parachute-troops), General der Flieger (aviators), General der Flakartillerie (anti-aircraft) and General der Nachrichtentruppe (communications troops).
Generalleutnant.
The German Generalleutnant two-star rank was usually a division commander.
Generalmajor.
The German "Generalmajor" one-star rank was usually a brigade commander.
The staff corps of the Wehrmacht, medical, veterinary, judicial and chaplain, used special designations for their general officers, with Generalarzt, Generalveterinär, Generalrichter and Feldbischof being the equivalent of Generalmajor; Generalstabsarzt, Generalstabsveterinär and Generalstabsrichter the equivalent of Generalleutnant; and (the unique) Generaloberstabsarzt, Generaloberstabsveterinär and Generaloberstabsrichter the equivalent of General.
With the formation of the Luftwaffe, air-force generals began to use the same general ranks as the German army. The shoulder insignia was identical to that used by the army, with the addition of special collar patches worn by Luftwaffe general officers.
Command structure.
Legally, the Commander-in-Chief of the "Wehrmacht" was Adolf Hitler in his capacity as Germany's head of state, a position he gained after the death of President Paul von Hindenburg in August 1934. In the reshuffle in 1938, Hitler became the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and retained that position until his suicide on 30 April 1945. Administration and military authority initially lay with the war ministry under "Generalfeldmarschall" Werner von Blomberg. After von Blomberg resigned in the course of the Blomberg-Fritsch Affair (1938), the ministry was dissolved and the Armed Forces High Command ("Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" or OKW) under "Generalfeldmarschall" Wilhelm Keitel was put in its place. It was headquartered in Wünsdorf near Zossen, and a field echelon ("Feldstaffel") was stationed wherever the "Führer"s headquarters were situated at a given time. Army work was also coordinated by the German General Staff, an institution that had been developing for more than a century and which had sought to institutionalize military perfection.
The OKW coordinated all military activities but Keitel's sway over the three branches of service (army, air-force, and navy) was rather limited. Each had its own High Command, known as "Oberkommando des Heeres" (OKH, army), "Oberkommando der Marine" (OKM, navy), and "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" (OKL, air-force). Each of these high commands had its own general staff. In practice the OKW had operational authority over the Western Front whereas the Eastern Front was under the operational authority of the OKH.
The OKW was also given the task of central economic planning and procurement, but the authority and influence of the OKW's war economy office ("Wehrwirtschaftsamt") was challenged by the procurement offices ("Waffenämter") of the single branches of service as well as by the Ministry for Armament and Munitions ("Reichsministerium für Bewaffnung und Munition"), into which it was merged after the ministry was taken over by Albert Speer in early 1942.
War years.
Army.
The German Army furthered concepts pioneered during World War I, combining ground ("Heer") and Air-Force ("Luftwaffe") assets into combined arms teams. Coupled with traditional war fighting methods such as encirclements and the "battle of annihilation", the German military managed many lightning quick victories in the first year of World War II, prompting foreign journalists to create a new word for what they witnessed: "Blitzkrieg".
The "Heer" entered the war with a minority of its formations motorized; infantry remained approximately 90% foot-borne throughout the war, and artillery was primarily horse-drawn. The motorized formations received much attention in the world press in the opening years of the war, and were cited as the reason for the success of the invasions of Poland (September 1939), Norway and Denmark (April 1940), Belgium, France and Netherlands (May 1940), Yugoslavia and Greece (April 1941) and the early stage of campaigns in the Soviet Union (June 1941).
After Hitler declared war on the United States in December 1941, Germany and other Axis powers found themselves engaged in campaigns against several major industrial powers while Germany was still in transition to a war economy. German units were then overextended, undersupplied, outmaneuvered, outnumbered and defeated by its enemies in decisive battles during 1941, 1942, and 1943 at Battle of Moscow, Siege of Leningrad, Stalingrad, Tunis in North Africa, and Battle of Kursk. 
The Germans' army military was managed through mission-based tactics (rather than order-based tactics) which was intended to give commanders greater freedom to act on events and exploit opportunities. In public opinion, the German Army was, and sometimes still is, seen as a high-tech army. However, such modern equipment, while featured much in propaganda, was often only available in relatively small numbers. This was primarily because the country was not run as a war economy until 1942–1943. Only 40% to 60% of all units in the Eastern Front were motorized, baggage trains often relied on horse-drawn trailers due to poor roads and weather conditions in the Soviet Union, and for the same reasons many soldiers marched on foot or used bicycles ("Radfahrtruppen").
Some historians, such as British author and ex-newspaper editor Max Hastings, consider that "... there's no doubt that man for man, the German army was the greatest fighting force of the second world war"., while in the book "World War II: An Illustrated Miscellany", Anthony Evans writes: "The German soldier was very professional and well trained, aggressive in attack and stubborn in defence. He was always adaptable, particularly in the later years when shortages of equipment were being felt". However, their integrity was compromised by war crimes, especially those committed on the eastern front. They were overextended and outmaneuvered before Moscow in 1941, and in North Africa and Stalingrad in 1942, and from 1942 to 1943 onward, were in constant retreat. Other Axis powers fought with them, especially Hungary and Romania, as well as many volunteers from other nations.
Among the foreign volunteers who served in the "Heer" during World War II were ethnic Germans, Dutch, Belgians, Norwegians, Swedes, Finns, Czechs and Hungarians along with people from the Baltic states and the Balkans. Russian emigrees and defectors from the Soviet Union formed the Russian Liberation Army or as "Hilfswilliger". Non-Russians from the Soviet Union formed the "Ostlegionen". These units were all commanded by General Ernst August Köstring and represented about five percent of the forces under the OKH.
Air-Force.
The "Luftwaffe" (German Air-Force), led by Hermann Göring, was a key element in the early "Blitzkrieg" campaigns (Poland, France 1940, USSR 1941). The "Luftwaffe" concentrated on fighters and (small) tactical bombers, like the Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighter and the Junkers Ju 87 ("Stuka") dive bomber.
The planes cooperated closely with the ground forces. Massive numbers of fighters assured air-supremacy, and the bombers would attack command- and supply lines, depots, and other support targets close to the front. They soon achieved an aura of invincibility and terror, where both civilians and soldiers were struck with fear, and started fleeing as soon as the planes were spotted. This caused confusion and disorganisation behind enemy lines, and in conjunction with the "ghost" "Panzer" Divisions that seemed to be able to appear anywhere, made the "Blitzkrieg" campaigns highly effective.
As the war progressed, Germany's enemies drastically increased their aircraft production and quality, improved pilot training, so air-supremacy was lost and allied forces gradually gained air-superiority, particularly in the West of the theatre of operations. In the second half of the war, the "Luftwaffe" was reduced to insignificance. As the Western allies started a strategic bombing campaign against German industrial targets they established air-supremacy over Germany which the "Luftwaffe" was unable to contest, leaving German cities open to Allied carpet bombing and massive destruction.
Air-Force units in a ground role.
The "Luftwaffe" contributed many units of ground forces to the war in Russia as well as the Normandy front. In 1940, the "Fallschirmjäger" (paratroops) conquered the vital Belgian Fort Eben-Emael and took part in the airborne invasion of Norway, but after suffering heavy losses in the Battle of Crete, large scale airdrops were discontinued. Operating as crack infantry, the 1st "Fallschirmjäger" Division fought in all the theatres of the war. Notable actions include the bloody Monte Cassino, the last-ditch defence of Tunisia and numerous key battles on the eastern front. A "Fallschirmjäger" armored division—the "Fallschirm-Panzer" Division 1 Hermann Göring—was also formed and was heavily engaged in Sicily and at Salerno.
Separate from the elite "Fallschirmjäger", the "Luftwaffe" also fielded regular infantry in the "Luftwaffe" Field Divisions. These units were basic infantry formations formed from "Luftwaffe" personnel. Due to a lack of competent officers and unhappiness by the recruits at having been forced into an infantry role, morale was low in these units. By Göring's personal order they were intended to be restricted to defensive duties in quieter sectors to free up front line troops for combat.
The "Luftwaffe" – being in charge of Germany's anti-aircraft defences – also used thousands of teenage "Luftwaffenhelfer" to support the "Flak" units.
Navy.
The German Navy ("Kriegsmarine") played a major role in World War II as control over the commerce routes in the Atlantic was crucial for Germany, Britain and later the Soviet Union. In the Battle of the Atlantic, the initially successful German U-boat fleet arm was eventually defeated due to Allied technological innovations like sonar, radar, and the breaking of the Enigma code. Large surface vessels were few in number due to construction limitations by international treaties prior to 1935. The "pocket battleships" and were important as commerce raiders only in the opening year of the war. No aircraft carrier was operational, as German leadership lost interest in the which had been launched in 1938. Following the loss of the in 1941, with Allied air-superiority threatening the remaining battlecruisers in French Atlantic harbors, the ships were ordered to make the Channel Dash back to German ports. Operating from fjords of Norway, which had been occupied in 1940, convoys from the U.S. to the Soviet port of Murmansk could be intercepted even though the spent most of her career as fleet in being. After the appointment of Karl Doenitz as Grand Admiral of the "Kriegsmarine" (in the aftermath of the Battle of the Barents Sea), Germany stopped constructing battleships and cruisers in favor of U-boats.
"Waffen-SS" and "Wehrmacht".
The "Waffen-SS", the combat branch of the SS (the Nazi Party's paramilitary organization), became the "de facto" fourth branch of the "Wehrmacht", as it expanded from three regiments to 38 divisions by 1945. Although the SS was autonomous and existed in parallel to the "Wehrmacht", the "Waffen-SS" field units were placed under the operational control of the Supreme High Command of the Armed Forces ("Oberkommando der Wehrmacht", OKW) or the Supreme High Command of the Army ("Oberkommando des Heeres", OKH).
Competence struggles hampered organization in the German armed forces, as OKW, OKH, OKL ( had its own ground forces, including tank divisions) and often worked concurrently and not as a joint command.
Theaters and campaigns.
The "Wehrmacht" directed combat operations during World War II (from 1 September 1939 – 8 May 1945) as the German Reich's Armed Forces umbrella command organization. After 1941 the OKH became the "de facto" Eastern Theatre higher echelon command organization for the "Wehrmacht", excluding "Waffen-SS" except for operational and tactical combat purposes. The OKW conducted operations in the Western Theater.
For a time, the Axis Mediterranean Theater and the North African Campaign was conducted as a joint campaign with the Italian Army, and may be considered a separate theatre.
The operations by the "Kriegsmarine" in the North and Mid-Atlantic can also be considered as separate theaters considering the size of the area of operations and their remoteness from other theaters.
Eastern theatre.
The Eastern "Wehrmacht" campaigns included:
However, Hitler demanded that the "Wehrmacht" had to fight on other fronts, sometimes three simultaneously, thus stretching its resources too thin. By 1944, even the defence of Germany became impossible.
Casualties.
More than 6,000,000 soldiers were wounded during the conflict, while more than 11,000,000 became prisoners. In all, approximately 5,533,000 soldiers from Germany and other nationalities fighting for the German armed forces—including the "Waffen-SS"—are estimated to have been killed in action, died of wounds, died in custody or gone missing in World War II. Included in this number are 215,000 Soviet citizens conscripted by Germany.
According to Frank Biess,
Jeffrey Herf wrote that:
War-crimes.
During World War II, the "Wehrmacht" perpetrated numerous war crimes. Nazi propaganda had told Wehrmacht soldiers to wipe out what were variously called Jewish Bolshevik subhumans, the Mongol hordes, the Asiatic flood and the red beast. While the principal perpetrators of the civil suppression behind the front lines amongst German armed forces were the Nazi German "political" armies (the "SS-Totenkopfverbände" and particularly the "Einsatzgruppen"), the traditional armed forces represented by the "Wehrmacht" committed and ordered (e.g. the Commissar Order) war crimes of their own, particularly during the invasion of Poland in 1939 and later in the war against the Soviet Union. The Army's Chief of Staff General Franz Halder in a directive declared that in the event of guerrilla attacks, German troops were to impose "collective measures of force" by massacring entire villages. Hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of Soviet civilians died from starvation as the Germans requisitioned food for their armies and fodder for their draft horses. According to Thomas Kühne, "An estimated 300,000–500,000 people were killed during the Wehrmacht's anti-partisan war in the Soviet Union." While secretly listening to conversations of captured German generals, British officials became aware that the German army had taken part in the atrocities and mass killing of Jews and were guilty of war crimes.
While the "Wehrmacht's" prisoner-of-war camps for inmates from the west generally satisfied the humanitarian requirement prescribed by international law, prisoners from Poland (which never capitulated) and the USSR were incarcerated under significantly worse conditions. Between the launching of Operation Barbarossa in the summer of 1941 and the following spring, 2.8 million of the 3.2 million Soviet prisoners taken died while in German hands.
The Nuremberg Trials of the major war criminals at the end of World War II found that the "Wehrmacht" was not an inherently criminal organization, but that it had committed crimes in the course of the war. Several high-ranked members of the "Wehrmacht" like Wilhelm Keitel and Alfred Jodl were convicted for their involvement in war crimes. Among German historians, the view that the "Wehrmacht" had participated in war time atrocities, particularly on the Eastern Front, grew in the late 1970s and the 1980s. In the 1990s, public conception in Germany was influenced by controversial reactions and debates about the exhibition of war crime issues. More recently, the judgement of Nuremberg has come under question. The Israeli historian Omer Bartov, a leading expert on the Wehrmacht wrote in 2003 that the Wehrmacht was a willing instrument of genocide, and that it is untrue that the Wehrmacht was an apolitical, professional fighting force that had only a few "bad apples". Bartov argues that far from being the "untarnished shield", as successive German apologists stated after the war, the Wehrmacht was a criminal organization. Likewise, the British historian Richard J. Evans, a leading expert on modern German history wrote that the Wehrmacht was a genocidal organization. British historian Ian Kershaw concludes that the Wehrmacht's duty was to ensure the people who met Hitler's requirements of being part of the Aryan "Herrenvolk" ("Aryan master race") living space, he wrote that:
Resistance to the Nazi regime.
From all groups of German Resistance, those within the "Wehrmacht" were the most condemned by the NSDAP. There were several attempts by resistance members like Henning von Tresckow, Erich Hoepner or Friedrich Olbricht to assassinate Adolf Hitler as an ignition of a "coup d'état". Rudolf Christoph Freiherr von Gersdorff and Axel Freiherr von dem Bussche-Streithorst even tried to do so by suicide bombing. Those and many other officers in the "Heer" and "Kriegsmarine" such as Erwin Rommel, Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg and Wilhelm Canaris opposed the actions of the Hitler regime. Combined with Hitler's problematic military leadership, this also culminated in the famous 20 July plot (1944), when a group of German Army officers led by von Stauffenberg tried again to kill Hitler and overthrow his regime. Following this attempt, every officer who approached Hitler was searched from head to foot by his SS guards. As a special degradation, all German military personnel were ordered to replace the standard military salute with the Hitler salute from this date on. To what extent the German military forces opposed or supported the Hitler regime is nevertheless highly disputed amongst historians up to the present day 
Humanitarian acts.
Some members of the "Wehrmacht" did save Jews and non-Jews from the concentration camps and/or mass-executions. Anton Schmid —a sergeant in the army— helped 250 Jewish men, women, and children escape from the Vilnius ghetto and provided them with forged passports so that they could get to safety. He was court-martialed and executed as a consequence. Albert Battel, a reserve officer stationed near the Przemysl ghetto, blocked an SS detachment from entering it. He then evacuated up to 100 Jews and their families to the barracks of the local military command, and placed them under his protection. Wilm Hosenfeld—an army captain in Warsaw—helped, hid, or rescued several Poles, including Jews, in occupied Poland. Most notably, he helped the Polish Jewish composer Władysław Szpilman, who was hiding among the city's ruins, by supplying him with food and water, and did not betray him to the Nazi authorities. Hosenfeld later died in a Soviet POW camp.
Prominent officers.
Prominent German officers from the "Wehrmacht" era include:
Generalfeldmarschall.
Most of Germany's field marshals were promoted during the 1940 Field Marshal Ceremony. German Army Generalfeldmarschalls in order of promotion: 
After World War II.
Following the unconditional surrender of the "Wehrmacht", which went into effect on 8 May 1945, some "Wehrmacht" units remained active, either independently (e.g. in Norway), or under Allied command as police forces. By the end of August 1945, these units were dissolved.
On September 20, 1945, with proclamation 2 of the Allied Control Council, ""all German armed forces on land, on sea and in the air, the SS, SA, SD and Gestapo, with all their organizations, staffs and institution, including the general staff, the officer corps, the reserve corps, the military schools, veterans organizations, ... are to be fully and finally disbanded in accordance with the methods and procedures as defined by the Allied representatives."" After September 20 the allies began officially dismantling the various commands.
A year later on 20 August 1946, the Allied Control Council declared the "Wehrmacht" as officially abolished (Kontrollratsgesetz No. 34). It specifically says: ""Because of paragraph I of proclamation nr. 2 from September 20th, 1945, the Allied Control Council issues the following law:"" - now it lists again the same institutions as above - but omits the SS, SA, SD and Gestapo and adds instead ""The German war offices: Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW), Oberkommando des Heeres (OKH), Reichsluftfahrtministerium (RLM) and Oberkommando der Kriegsmarine ... are hereby viewed as disbanded and fully liquidated and declared unlawful."" Surprisingly the law says "are hereby viewed as disbanded and fully liquidated" and then it states that any attempt to violate the law will be prosecuted with up to the death penalty.
In the mid-1950s, tensions of the Cold War led to the creation of separate military forces in the Federal Republic of Germany and the socialist German Democratic Republic. The West German military, officially created on 5 May 1955, took the name "Bundeswehr", meaning "Federal Defence Forces", which pointed back to the old "Reichswehr". Its East German counterpart—created on 1 March 1956—took the name "National People's Army" ("Nationale Volksarmee"). Both organizations employed many former "Wehrmacht" members, particularly in their formative years, though neither organization considered themselves to be successors to the "Wehrmacht", and in the case of the "Bundeswehr" rejected the traditional grey of the Wehrmacht in order to show discontituity.

</doc>
<doc id="21376059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376059" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993

Slovenia made its debut to the Eurovision Song Contest in 1993, having previously competed as part of Yugoslavia. The Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTVSLO) held a national final to select the first independent Slovene entry for the Eurovision Song Contest.
Slovenski izbor za Pesem Evrovizije 1993.
EMA 1993, the national final, was held on 27 February 1993 at the RTVSLO TV studios in the Slovene capital of Ljubljana. The show was hosted by Tajda Lekše, and the winner was decided by the votes of 12 regional juries.
The winner of the contest was the 1X Band with the song "Tih deževen dan" (A quiet rainy day), and became the first independent Slovene Eurovision entry.
Pre-selection.
Due to a major influx of countries wishing to enter the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time, due to the fall of communism, and the creation of new countries with the fall of dissolution of the Soviet Union and disintegration of Yugoslavia, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) were forced to limit the number of countries allowed to enter the contest. As such, a one-off contest was held to reduce the number of interested countries to just three that would progress to the contest, held in Millstreet, Ireland.
"Kvalifikacija za Millstreet" (Qualification for Millstreet) was held by RTVSLO in their TV studios in Ljubljana on 3 April 1993. Seven countries competed for the three spots in the final. Slovenia received 53 points, placing 1st in the contest and qualified to the final of the contest, along with former Yugoslavian states Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.
At Eurovision.
At Millstreet, 1X Band performed 16th in the running order, following Luxembourg and preceding Finland. Slovenia received 9 points, receiving 4 points from Italy, 3 points from Sweden, and 1 point each from Malta and Bosnia and Herzegovina, placing 22nd in a field of 25. As such, Slovenia were forced to sit out the following contest due to new relegation rules which forced the lowest-placed countries to withdraw. Slovenia would return to Eurovision in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21376063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376063" title="2009–10 Sydney FC season">
2009–10 Sydney FC season

The 2009/2010 season was Sydney FC's fifth consecutive season in the A-League since its inception.
2009-10 squad.
Players included in the Sydney FC squad for the 2009-10 season
Transfers.
Out
In
January transfer window transfers.
In
Out
Events.
Pre-season
After a disappointing 2008–09 season, Sydney FC went straight into action, sacking coach John Kosmina. A week later, Czech coach Vítězslav Lavička was signed as Sydney's fifth manager in as many seasons.
Sydney had a friendly match in China, with new sister club Shanghai Shenhua. Sydney FC lost the match 2–1, with their goal coming from striker Alex Brosque, who scored halfway through the second half to level the scores at 1–1. John Aloisi, who had a poor last season, showed he had hit form, but being very unlucky to have two goals disallowed during the first half. It was the first game for former Sydney and Socceroos Tony Popovic as caretaker coach.
On 3 April, it was confirmed that new coach Lavicka had signed his first player, former Slovakian International Karol Kisel, who had played under Viteslav when he coached AC Sparta Prague.
Sydney was thrown into scandal involving new signing Sebastian Ryall, who was charged with the sexual assault of a 13-year-old girl, while he was playing with Melbourne Victory. He was stood down by the Football Federation Australia (FFA) from the Sydney FC, and national team until 3 September. These charges were later dropped.
When the FFA announced that the usual A-League pre-season cup wouldn't be held due to financial reasons, it meant that teams would have to organise their own friendlies in the months before the start of the season. This opened up many possibilities. Across the A-League, a few teams managed to bring over some well known sides. Sydney was linked with English Premier League side Everton for their Asian Tour, and recently relegated Middlesbrough FC, who both pulled out in the last minute, and stated that if they were to tour Australia, they would want to play more than one team. At one stage, Spanish team Barcelona FC were being rumoured to be coming out. Nevertheless, the new coach organised a dozen friendlies with strong New South Wales Premier League and New South Wales Super League teams. Despite the opposition being weaker than expected, Sydney had a fantastic start. Sydney also trialled several overseas players and on 25 June Lavicka signed South Korean Left Back Byun Sung-Hwan.
Along with the new outfits, Sydney FC also welcomed a new major sponsor, Japanese electronic company Sony, who signed a contract with Sydney. They replaced JVC, who decided not to renew their sponsorship due to the global financial crisis of 2008–2009. New South Wales-based electronics retailer Bing Lee continued to sponsor Sydney FC. Bing Lee's logo was featured on the front of the home jerseys and on the front and back of the right leg of the away jerseys, whilst Sony will now take up the away jersey, and the front and back of the right leg of the home kit. Coach Vitezslav Lavicka signed his last player of the season, Stephan Keller, on a one-year contract, who had recently been released by then Eredivisie club De Graafschap after they had been relegated. He played in the final trial game against the Jets and impressed significantly in the 1-1 draw.
Season
V "North Queensland Fury (away at Dairy Farmers Stadium, Townsville)"
Sydney flew to Townsville to face newcomers North Queensland Fury, boasting an impressive squad that included all their VISA players. Just after 4 minutes, marquee man John Aloisi put last season's troubles behind him, opening the score on the back of a counter-attack that came off a saved Robbie Fowler free kick down the other end of the field. Sydney would double that lead to 2-0 20 minutes later through Kofi Danning, before North Queensland managed to get back into the game shortly before half time with a headed goal through a corner. The scoreline would be drawn to 2-2 several minutes after the resume of play, when Shannon Cole fouled Jason Spagnuolo in the box. God stepped up and coolly slotted the ball past Bolton who remained glued to the spot. It seemed like it would end a draw, but with 17 minutes remaining John Aloisi slotted a ball straight into the box, and a chasing Alex Brosque was tripped by a beaten Paul Henderson. John Aloisi calmly sent the keeper the wrong way and put the penalty straight down the middle, to give the visitors their first win of the season.
V "Adelaide United (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
In front of a decent first home crowd of nearly 15,000, Sydney came up against arch rivals Adelaide. Always a fiery and closely contested contest, there was once again nothing between the 2 teams both looking very dangerous and despite some close opportunities to take the lead from both sides, they both went into the half-time break locked at 0-0. The second half looked to be a battle for fitness; with Sydney dominating possession in the second half and a tired Adelaide struggling to stay in the contest, former Jets striker Mark Bridge proved to be the difference between the two clubs, coming on for Steve Corica half-way through the half, and a few minutes after coming on played a 1–2 move with Kofi Danning and belted the ball past the Adelaide keeper. Sydney held on to the lead, almost conceding minutes from time but managed to pull off a narrow victory and move into 2nd on the ladder, with two wins from as many games, behind Gold Coast United.
V "Central Coast Mariners (away at Bluetongue Stadium, Gosford)"
The South NSW derby was once again played out in front of a smallish crowd of 10,000 on a warm Gosford afternoon, in a game which turned out to be once more a stalemate, similar to the 0-0 stalemate played at Leichhardt Oval a few months beforehand. Both sides had their chances, and despite Sydney looking fitter, it seemed to be a typical A-League style long-ball game; both sides not really gaining the upper hand. Sydney had their chances; main striker and marquee player John Aloisi coming close on 76 minutes, denied by the fingertips and reflexes of the Mariners keeper Danny Vukovic. However it was to be the custodian between the sticks for the sky blues, Clint Bolton pulling off a wonder save penalty after John Hutchinson was brought down in a clattering tackle by Simon Colosimo and Byun Sung-Hwan, who were both lucky to not be booked. Adam Kwasnik took the penalty and was denied by Bolton, regaining the faith and trust of some Sydney FC supporters who believed was past his prime. He would save Sydney yet again minutes later, pulling off another fantastic save from Dylan MacAllister, earning himself man of the match, in what was ultimately a dull match.
V "Wellington Phoenix (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
The Sydney V Wellington Trans-Tasman matches had always proven to be Sydney's bogey, especially at the SFS. Wellington had won 2 of the 3 matches played there since their inaugural season, and Sydney knew it would be a tough battle. The first half was locked in a difficult stalemate, with both sides feeling each other out as both sides struggled to gain the upper hand possession wise. Midfielder Terry McFlynn was subbed off early for Brendan Gan with what looked to be an unfortunate thigh injury. Despite the loss of McFlynn, Sydney remained strong and dominated the possession early in the second half. Options seemed to be running out for coach Vitezslav when he put Steve Corica on for Kofi Danning but soon after, the fitter Sydney side gained the upper hand through a corner which was whipped in by Karol Kisel and Brendan Gan who managed to lose his defender, got his head on the end of the cross, and buried it into the back of the net in the 77th minute. What little air was left in Wellington's sails blew away only minutes later, when a counter-attack from a Wellington corner had Alex Brosque crossing the ball into the box where marquee striker John Aloisi angled the ball past a tired Wellington shot stopper for Sydney's well-deserved second goal. Aloisi would be subbed minutes after the goal for Matthew Jurman but the Sky Blues Held on for a convincing 2-0 win which leapfrogged them past Gold Coast United into No. 1 Position, after the Newcastle Jets had earlier defeated them, 1-0 in Newcastle.
V "Gold Coast United (away at Skilled Park, Gold Coast)"
Sydney travelled to the Gold Coast's Skilled Park for the top-of-the-table clash, one point clear of opponents Gold Coast United. Gold Coast were with without Socceroo marquee player Jason Culina whilst Sydney was without Northern Ireland midfielder Terry McFlynn who was replaced with former National Youth League player Rhyan Grant. The first 10 to 20 minutes saw Gold Coast dominate but Sydney's strong-knitted defence held them off. Joel Porter made a promising start to the game for the home team but in the 19th minute he was forced to be substituted due to a calf injury and was replaced by Brazilian import Robson. Alex Brosque should have scored for Sydney in the 30th minute following a clever one-two with John Aloisi but the attacking midfielder sprayed his shot wide. It took a piece of magic from Shane Smeltz just before half-time for the crowd to erupt. Matt Osman's free kick was directed at Shane Smeltz, who looped a header into the corner of the net, giving goalkeeper Clint Bolton little chance. In the 56th minute, Shane Smeltz finished off the contest by beating Shannon Cole to an awful Karol Kisel back-pass and calmly slotting the ball past the keeper. Sydney FC gave themselves a chance of saving a draw when substitute Steve Corica headed home a Shannon Cole cross in the 75th minute and then John Aloisi had a free kick just outside the box in the 89th minute - but he slammed the ball into United's wall. The final score, Gold Coast United 2, Sydney FC 1, in front of another disappointing Gold Coast crowd of 6,406. Gold Coast United over took Sydney FC on the table and now sit in first place with Sydney slipping down one spot to second.
V "North Queensland Fury (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
V "Newcastle Jets (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
Both teams were coming off back to back losses in this highly anticipated round 7 clash. Both teams were suffering from an injury laden squad, with Newcastle having to bring Albanian-Australian Labinot Haliti and Iraqi International Ali Abbas Al-Hilfi on loan to replace injured players, while Sydney were relying on a third-string squad with key players out injured Karol Kisel (flu), Stephan Keller (Calf), John Aloisi (knee) and Terry McFlynn (thigh). Young Guns Kofi Danning and Chris Payne were also out of the squad on Young Socceroos duty. The game started strongly, with both teams taking advantage of several mistakes. Newcastle had a golden opportunity to take the lead in the 23rd minute, when they got a penalty, for a push in the box. The penalty was saved by a heroic Clint Bolton, saving his second penalty out of three this season. This save gave Sydney a massive boost of confidence, and no less than 5 minutes later, Mark Bridge fired a rocket of a shot from the edge of the 18-yard box, into the top corner, giving Sydney the lead, and his second goal of the season. Although the lead wouldn't last long, 6 minutes later, a cross into the box had Clint Bolton saving the shot, but tipping it away to an open Matt Thompson, who tapped it in, past an outstretched Bolton. The scores stayed locked 1-1 going into half time, but 10 minutes into the second half Alex Brosque was fouled by Ben Kennedy in the box, in very much similar fashion to the two penalties he received against North Queensland Fury in both Townsville and a week earlier at the SFS. Steve Corica coolly stepped up and slotted it in the top right corner, past an outstretched palm. Despite a desperate Newcastle attack, Sydney held on for a very unconvincing 2-1 victory, giving them confidence to face Brisbane Roar at Suncorp Stadium next week.
V "Brisbane Roar (away at Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane)"
Sydney flew up to face Queensland rivals Brisbane Roar in what was considered to be the State of Origin clash in the A-League. Brisbane were coming off a 4-2 loss to Perth Glory the week before and Sydney were coming off a 2-1 victory, but were still seen as the underdogs despite key players Karol Kisel and Stephan Keller being included back in the squad, after returning from minor injuries. Sydney started strongly, their confidence from a stronger squad showing, and had some early chances, however Brisbane would not be deterred, and the game swung back and forth until half time when both teams went in 0-0. The second half was much of the same affair, Sydney having a lot of good opportunities, including 2 skied shots from striker Mark Bridge, which commentators, and fellow Sydney supporters thought should have gone in. However Sydney couldn't hold their defence. 15 minutes before full-time, Brisbane had 90% of the possession and despite a brave Sydney defence doing their best to stop Brisbane from scoring, the effort fell through 5 minutes before full-time when Dutch striker Serginho van Dijk managed to get one past Bolton on Brisbane's third consecutive corner, giving his 4th goal against Sydney FC in two meetings. The final 5 or so minutes, Sydney threw everything but the Kitchen sink at the Brisbane defence, in the hope to salvage a draw, however despite them coming close on a couple of occasions, Liam Reddy's goal remained a fortress, and Brisbane hung onto a narrow 1-0 Victory.
V "Central Coast Mariners (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
The South NSW derby clash is always a highly anticipated clash between the fierce rivals of Sydney and Gosford. Geographically the teams are only 90 km away from each other, and a short drive up and down the freeway, and the rivalry is always intense. This week was not to be different, Sydney FC welcomed back Northern Irish midfield maestro Terry McFlynn who had been out of the squad for the best part of a month with injury, but also welcomed the birth of his new child. He got his return debut off to a flying start in the 21st minute, when Stuart Musialik held the ball outside the box, to put in a pinpoint accurate cross, which Terry Slammed into the top right hand corner. It couldn't have been a better return to football, as it gave the entire team the belief they could steamroll over the unpredictable Mariners. And they pretty much did that as well. For the remaining half Sydney looked the dominant team, Terry McFlynn unlucky not to score minutes later, and Steve Corica going centimetres wide of the post from a spectacular scissor-kick. The Second half would remain the same sort of story, the Mariners threw everything at the defence, but couldn't break the strong wall of Stephan Keller, Shannon Cole, Sebastian Ryall and Simon Colosimo. Sydney held on, and in the last 10 minutes, despite a massive thunderstorm above, continued to attack in the driving rain. With minutes to go defender Stephan Keller was involved in a nasty head clash attempting to head a ball, and was lying motionless on the ground, and had to be stretchered off. It was feared he had seriously injured his knee, however it was later revealed his knee was fine, and was suffering minor-concussion. He is expected to play next week against the Melbourne Victory at Etihad Stadium. It was a clean match considering the derby, with controversial referee Matthew Breeze not awarding a single yellow or red card to either sets of players.
V "Melbourne Victory FC (away at Etihad Stadium, Melbourne)"
Round 10 was the perfect opportunity to hold the A-League's Biggest Rivalry. Sydney and Melbourne fans hated each other with a passion, and this season it was no different. Sydney and Melbourne were positions 1 and 2 respectively on the table, the first time this had ever happened, and it only served to fuel the rivalry even more. Over 30,000 packed into Melbourne's Etihad Stadium to see the clash, both sides were at full strength, aside from Sydney FC missing Swiss defender Stephan Keller with a knee injury he had picked up the week before. The match started strongly, with Melbourne having good opportunities in the first 10 minutes through their imports Ney Fabiano and Carlos Hernández. However it would be Sydney FC who turned up the heat, in a blitz of goals, that left not only the Melbourne players in shock, but left the crowd silent (aside from the 1,000 Cove who had flown down). In the 14th minute, Sydney had a free kick outside the box, which Steve Corica took, the ball found its way soon after to Simon Colosimo on the wing, who whipped it in, and found a rising Alex Brosque header, which found its way into the back of the net. Alex Brosque scored his first of the season, and the first of what would become a landslide of pressure. Minutes later after the kickoff, Sydney were breaking once more, Terry McFlynn got a lovely ball through to striker Mark Bridge, who swivelled, and slotted the ball through Evan Berger's legs, and into the bottom right hand corner of the goal. The crowd was stunned, 2 goals in almost as many minutes had the entire state of Victoria reeling. Once again after the kickoff, Sydney raced down the win, Shannon Cole this time putting in a perfectly weighted cross, which Mark Bridge latched onto and put away to make it 3-0. It Seemed Sydney were unstoppable, and were unlucky to get a fourth through Terry McFlynn who attempted to chip keeper Glen Moss. He beat the keeper, and just when it seemed they had the goal, it bounced off the post and out of play.
The Second half started as deadly as it had finished. Shannon Cole made a break, using some tricky footwork to get past the defence, and drove a shot, beating a diving Moss and narrowly scraping the outside of the post. Sydney would hold onto the lead, despite a spirited Melbourne fightback, in which Archie Thompson came close, but Sydney held on to the 3-0 win, leaving them at the top of the table, with by 4 points, which would be narrowed down to 2, due to other results. They play Adelaide next week, at Hindmarsh Stadium.
V "Adelaide United (away at Hindmarsh Stadium, Adelaide"
Sydney travelled to Adelaide on the back of their largest win against Melbourne Victory full of confidence. Everything was pointing towards a massive Sydney win - Adelaide themselves had come off a loss, were missing several key players. Adelaide lost Defensive Midfielder Fabien Barbiero in the opening 10 minutes after he pulled down Mark Bridge as he made a break and was bound to score from a 1-on-1 with goalkeeper Eugene Galekovic. Despite the one-man advantage, Sydney couldn't convert all the first half, and were put immediately on the back foot when Cristiano put Adelaide up 1-0 from a corner. Sydney went into the break 1-0 down, despite being 1-0 up, and came out into the second half more focused, after being berated by coach Vitezslav Lavicka at half time. It only got worse for Sydney FC, conceding yet another goal from a corner half way through the second half. Clint Bolton got his gloves to the ball, but they were too slippery from the rain to get much grip and the ball trickled into the side netting, giving Cristiano his second. Some strong resilience was shown from the Sydney team, and marquee striker John Aloisi got 1 back with 10 minutes remaining, and Sydney would consider themselves very unlucky not to get themselves a second. However Adelaide United held on for a gutsy victory.
V "Brisbane Roar (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
Sydney had their first home game after being on the road for 2 weeks, against a Brisbane Roar who were still reeling from their losing streak, and coach of 4 years Frank Farina being sacked for Drink Driving. It was the first game in charge for coach Ange Postecoglou who had previously taken former-NSL team Melbourne Knights to a double-championship. Sydney were hoping that the "curse of the new coach". Brisbane were also going into the game with a cut-down squad, key players of Craig Moore and Scottish internationals Charlie Miller and Bob Malcolm out with injury. Despite going into half time 0-0 Sydney were the stronger team, and their strength would prove shortly after half time when striker Alex Brosque beat 2 defenders in his trademark style and put the ball away to give Sydney a 1-0 lead. Shortly after that new Slovakian import Karol Kisel opened up his goal account after being found in open space, and drove a powerful low shot, past Liam Reddy to make the scoreline 2-0. It appeared that would be enough for the Sydney side, but the Roar dug deep, and minutes after Sydney's second got a goal back through their youth player Isaka Cernak which inspired great confidence through the Brisbane team, and despite some very good shooting, and close calls, Sydney's defence held strong, and remained strong to hold onto a 2-1 victory, and not for the first time this season, - retaking their lead on the top of the ladder, pleasing the manager.
V "Wellington Phoenix (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney)"
Sydney came into the game looking to extend their 1-point lead the a healthy 4-point lead over arch-rivals Melbourne Victory, and were up against trans-Tasman rivals Wellington Phoenix - who the week before had come off a season-record 6-0 thumping of Gold Coast United in Wellington. Under previous administrations the Phoenix had been the "bogey" team for Sydney FC, but went into the game with some confidence, boasting a strong squad and the knowledge, they had already beaten them 2-0 earlier that season at the same venue. Sydney got off to a cracking start with Striker Alex Brosque setting up Mark Bridge to open the scoring for Sydney. Not too soon later, Brosque would once more weave his magic past the Phoenix defence, and play a square ball to captain Steve Corica who tapped it in from no more than 2 yards. Wellington were backpedaling fast and losing confidence quicker than they could count the accurate passes the Sydney team were firing to each other. Shortly before the half time interval Alex Brosque put the final icing on the cake, making a marvelous run down the far wing, outpacing the Wellington defence, setting Bridge up for his 2nd. They went into the sheds 3-0 up at the interval, something which was almost reminiscent of the scoreline against Melbourne a month earlier at Etihad Stadium. The second half started off as it finished; Sydney controlled the match from the defence through to the strikers. Despite the best efforts Sydney couldn't extend the lead, but the Nix managed to get a consolation goal through substitute Costa Barbarouses. Alex Brosque, and John Aloisi both came agonisingly close in the second half but the match finished 3-1 and Sydney scooted to a short 4-point lead before Melbourne beat Perth Glory 2-1.
V "Gold Coast United (away at Skilled Park, Gold Coast")
Sydney FC returned to the coast confident they'd be able to serve up revenge on the Gold Coast after losing to them 2-1 earlier in the season, however despite Gold Coast's consistent off-field drama containing owner Clive Palmer Gold Coast managed to get there season back on track and win 1-0 via a Shane Smeltz goal early in the first half.
V "Perth Glory (away at ME Bank Stadium, Perth")
Sydney FC's troubling away form this season would once again be the main talking point after this match. Only having won twice in from all their away games, something which not only troubled the fans, but the players and the coach. The match was to be a tale of two-halves. Sydney dominated the first half, creating chances, and generally putting the Glory under plenty of pressure, despite the pressure put on the team by the Glory support group "The Shed". However the table would be turned in the second half, with Perth getting 2 goals through Scott Bulloch and their Serbian import Branko Jelic. Perth would hold onto the lead and win 2-0.
V '"Newcastle Jets (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
Sydney went into the first home game in a fortnight confident they would be able to get there season back on track, having previously beaten Newcastle 2-1 earlier in the season. Newcastle were also languishing at the bottom of the table, and their coach, and former Sydney coach Branko Culina under increasing pressure to make their team perform, especially after some controversial comments in the media during the week. However the crowd of just over 10,000 would be shocked to the foundations when early in the first half, young player Rhyan Grant gave away a penalty, former Sydney FC striker Michael Bridges who played for the club on loan from then Premier League club Hull City stepped up to take the penalty, and despite loud heckling from the Sydney supporters, put the ball past Bolton. If Sydney fans were not worried, they now had a reason to be, as Sydney had never come back from a 1-0 deficit. The Halftime Scoreline read 1-0, but early into the second period of play, a momentarily lapse in concentration by the Sydney defence gave Michael Bridges his second, and his fifth for the season. The fans fell silent for the first time all day, and would be stunned to their seats minutes later when Newcastle club captain and new Melbourne Heart recruit Matt Thompson knocked in a third to make it 3-0 to the visitors. Sydney managed to pull back a consolation goal through some good tough attacking play by Marquee player John Aloisi who put in a cross to Alex Brosque who knocked it in, but it was a case of too little, too late for the Sky blues, leaving them languishing in second place, 5 points behind rivals Melbourne Victory and only one point clear of Gold Coast United and Central Coast Mariners, as well as reeling from their third straight loss, and in the midst of a form slump.
V "North Queensland Fury (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
North Queensland Fury are considered the Dark Horses of the Hyundai A-League, and Sydney FC treated this match very carefully, knowing full well that North Queensland had come away from the Sydney Football Stadium with a 1-0 victory earlier in the season, However it was clear from the outset, that the form slump that had been troubling Sydney FC in the previous month had cleared, as a well defined attack tore the North Queensland defence to shreds. Sydney FC were up 2-0 at the half time break, thanks to goals by marquee John Aloisi and in-form Striker Alex Brosque. The second half was a similar tale to that of the first, Brosque got his second goal of the game, after a free kick left him with a mile of space to head the ball home, and despite North Queensland getting a scrappy goal late in the half, Sydney FC would be too powerful, with ageing star midfielder Steve Corica rising above players much younger than him to head the ball into the back of the net from a cross, to give Sydney 4 goals, and a much needed 3 points.
V "Wellington Phoenix (away at FMG Stadium, Palmerston North, New Zealand")
Wellington and Sydney games had always been closely contested affairs, but Wellington had already lost twice against the Sky Blues, and were undefeated at home at their regular home ground of Westpac Stadium, Wellington. It was a very windy day with winds of up to 100 km/h recorded, making it difficult to keep possession. However a penalty won by striker Alex Brosque in the first half would prove to be the difference between the teams with Captain and team veteran Steve Corica slotting the goal home. Goalkeeper Clint Bolton made vital saves during the game to keep Sydney in the lead, and move them to the top of the ladder.
V "Central Coast Mariners (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
Round 19 for the 2009/10 season had been scheduled so that each team would play a midweek game. Sydney FC and the Mariners squared off on 23 December and a healthy crowd of 12,689 were present to witness Sydney FC defeat their F3 Freeway rivals 1-0 via an Alex Brosque goal in the 34th minute of play. It turned into a dirty match with the Central Coast picking up several yellow cards towards the end of the game, capping a good 9 points in 3 games for the team from Sydney.
V "Melbourne Victory (away at Etihad Stadium, Melbourne")
The Sydney V Melbourne rivalry was played in front of a crowd of approximately 30,000 people at Melbourne's Docklands, in a match which always provided excitement, flair, controversy and some good football. Both teams had strong squads, and at the current time were sitting first and second respectively on the ladder, the winner of the match to either keep or take first spot. However Melbourne started the game the stronger but Sydney FC's waterproof defence held its nerve once more and refused to give in, despite some shots going off the cross bar from Archie Thompson and Carlos Hernández. Sydney counter-attacked when it was able too, but could not break the Victory defence either. At the end of 90 minutes the game was still locked at 0-0 and the game finished a draw, both sides taking a point from the encounter.
V "Adelaide United (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
Adelaide United came to Sydney with low expectations despite beating Sydney 2-1 at Hindmarsh Stadium earlier in the year. On the bottom of the ladder, low on confidence and goals, with their coach Aurelio Vidmar being in the news for all the wrong reasons, they had nothing to lose and everything to gain. However they were never in the game from the start, and some good solid possession from Sydney, kept Adelaide at bay, and despite Sydney FC winning 1-0, possession wise it was a thrashing. Sydney remained at the top of the ladder, keeping Adelaide rooted to the bottom of the ladder, scratching their heads looking for more answers then excuses.
V "Perth Glory (away at ME Bank Stadium, Perth")
Sydney's first game after the new year would be a tough one, having several key players out (Alex Brosque & Simon Colosimo out in Kuwait on national team duty, and Matthew Jurman, Rhyan Grant, Seb Ryall, Kofi Danning all out injured for the rest of the season. Now lacking depth in the defence, Vitezslav Lavicka quickly signed former Socceroo Hayden Foxe on a short-term deal until the end of the season, and promoted Sam Gallagher from Sydney's youth squad. Confidence was high, as Sydney were sitting 5 points ahead of rivals Melbourne Victory and held on to a 0-0 draw, with Sydney unlucky not to score 2 goals at the death via captain Steve Corica and young striker Chris Payne.
V "Gold Coast United (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
Gold Coast United under coach Miron Bleiberg had become a force to reckon with in their inaugural season, unlike their counterparts North Queensland Fury, Gold Coast had built a strong squad around Socceroo Jason Culina, and marquee player and New Zealand Striker Shane Smeltz. Gold Coast had overtaken Melbourne Victory into 2nd on the ladder after 2 strong performances the week previously against Adelaide United and Newcastle Jets. Sydney started the game poorly, coming under a lot of pressure from a fired up, confident Gold Coast team. Gold Coast would end up scoring the only goal of the game halfway through the first half through former Hartlepool United striker Joel Porter. Despite a good performance from John Aloisi Sydney failed to hit the straps and shoot, and succumbed, dropping one place to second on the ladder, with Gold Coast snatching the top spot by 1 point.
V "Newcastle Jets (away at EnergyAustralia Stadium, Newcastle")
After going down to Gold Coast United the week before Sydney were keen to avenge their 1-3 loss earlier in the season to Newcastle at home at the Sydney Football Stadium. Sydney started the game the better side, unlucky not to get a couple of early goals, however the Jets patience paid off when Jobe Wheelhouse scored for the home team a little over half an hour into the game. This spelt bad news for the travelling sky blues, as they had a curse of not being able to come back after conceding. However the gods were smiling upon the Sydney faithful when marquee player John Aloisi broke through the Jets defence in Extra Time of the first half and slotted the ball into the side netting for the Sky Blues, leading them into the half time whistle 1-1. The goal was an obvious puncture in Newcastle's balloon, and they came out a deflated side, Sydney all over the home side, and halfway through the second period Sydney FC were rewarded when midfielder (and former Newcastle Jets grandfinalist) Stuart Musialik fired off a shot from 28 meters out, beating a stunned Newcastle defence, and an even more shocked Ben Kennedy who failed to move a muscle due to him not being able to see the shot. Young striker Chris Payne sealed the victory late into Extra Time of the second period when he danced around several tired Newcastle defenders and fired a low shot past the Keeper to seal a 3-1 victory for Sydney FC.
V "Brisbane Roar (away at Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane")
A win against Brisbane would see Sydney FC back to the top of the ladder however their record away from home at Brisbane's Suncorp Stadium was far from good, having last won there in the early rounds of the A-League 2007-08 season. Both teams were playing some good football, and Sydney FC had the majority of the chances, but like most weeks, despite their good ball passing and possession they failed to put their chances away. Goalkeeper Clint Bolton can thank some poor refereeing for not being sent off midway through the first half, when he clearly handled the ball outside the 18-yard box after attempted to save an on-target attempt from Brisbane Brazilian striker Reinaldo. Despite several clear cut chances, Sydney failed to score, and Brisbane grabbed a goal at the death, from their leading goalscorer and striker Serginho van Dijk
V "Perth Glory (home at Parramatta Stadium, Sydney")
A must win game this was for Sydney FC, as it would keep them in contention for a top 2 finish providing Gold Coast United lost. Sydney started strongly and got their reward when Shannon Cole was tripped in the box early in the first half. Steve Corica slotted the resulting penalty straight down the middle to give Sydney a 1-0 lead. However Perth equalised on the stroke of half time, through Wayne Srhoj after some sloppy Sydney FC defending from a corner levelled the scored at 1-1. However Sydney would retake the lead through marquee man John Aloisi when he mistimed kick appeared to have been cleared, however the ball controversially went through a hole in the side netting, with referee Chris Beath ruling no goal. Protests from the Sydney players, led by a fired up Aloisi led to Beath consulting with his assistant on the Eastern side of the ground who confirmed it was a goal. Beath overruled his earlier decision and ruled a goal, much to the delight of the Sydney FC fans and supporters, however 10 minutes later Perth would score again, through Daniel McBreen who scored his 4th goal for the club in as many games. It looked like the game would finish a tie, however Swiss import Stephan Keller launched a cross which found a leaping John Aloisi who headed the ball powerfully past the keeper into the back of the net to give Sydney a 3-2 win, and ultimately put the decider against Melbourne Victory next the next week.
V "Melbourne Victory (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
The title decider had come to the final game of the final round, between the A-Leagues biggest rivals, Sydney FC and Melbourne Victory. The pressure was on Sydney, who needed to win to claim the Premiership, with Melbourne needing a draw at worst. Nearly 26,000 fans packed into the SFS to watch the game, with the majority of those clad in Sky Blue. Both teams started the game off strongly with early chances for both sides, however in the 34th minute Sydney's Slovakian import Karol Kisel who had been criticised all season for his inaccurate shooting, sent the Sydney fans in the stands into raptures, when a shot from 25 meters out fired into the back of the net. A 1-0 lead was crucial and it sent the Melbourne fans in the away bay crazy, turning on each other, with a fight starting. Police and security rushed to the away bay, but it took a good 10 minutes to calm the away bay, after several flares had been lit, and bottles and beer cups thrown onto the field. The second half started the same way it had finished both sides testing each other's strengths and it would be Sydney who broke the game in half, with marquee man, and hero John Aloisi getting the ball on the half way line and sprinting up the field uncontested, before launching a rocket of a shot into the net, past a stunned Mitchell Langerak who could do nothing but watch as the ball bounced past him. The Sydney players and fans went wild, and it took a good 4 minutes for play to restart. With 10 minutes to go the fans were getting edgy and glancing at the clock, and with 2 minutes to go started a countdown till the final whistle. Sydney would hold onto the 2-0 lead, and claim the championship, sending the fans into celebration, despite the pouring rain which had started earlier. It would also be Steve Coricas final game for the club, who had announced his retirement at the end of the season, however an injury in the 18th minute of play meant that he would ultimately not play in the finals series, however he received a well earned standing ovation and did a lap of honour with the premiers plate.
Finals
Semi final Leg 1
V "Melbourne Victory (away at Etihad Stadium, Melbourne")
Sydney travelled back down to Melbourne for the third time this season to play Melbourne in the first leg of the major semi final. Sydney were without team legend Steve Corica who had announced his retirement due to a hamstring injury. As a result Vitezslav Lavicka promoted youth team midfielder Iain Ramsay. The pitch at Etihad Stadium was a disgrace, with many parts of it brown and dead, after having an ACDC concert earlier in the week. Melbourne got the upper hand early, when Nick Mrja, Melbourne controversial loan signing scored in the 16th minute. Later in the half Costa Rican international Carlos Hernandez scored to make it 2-0. However John Aloisi scored 3 minutes later to peg one back. However the score remained the same, meaning for Sydney to win, they need to win 1-0 during the next leg in Sydney.
Semi final Leg 2
V "Melbourne Victory (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
A large crowd greeted the two rivals back up to Sydney and despite Melbourne coming into the game 2-1 up, the knowledge that the last time they had come up to Sydney they had lost the Premiership 2-0. However it would be Melbourne who would strike first Robbie Kruse turned his defender from 25 years and fired in a shot that slammed into the top corner, inching past the fingetips of a flying Clint Bolton, it looked possibly over for the habourside team. However Sydney would get right back in it when striker Alex Brosque was tripped in the box. Slovakian International Karol Kisel slotted home the penalty to even the scores at 1-1. They went into half time 1-1, however Sydney would come out the stronger team and soon after the second half started, Mark Bridge fired home a goal from just outside the penalty box. Sydney led 2-1 and the scores were locked at 2-2 on aggregate. The rest of the half was played out at an exciting tempo - both sides attacking, with Melbourne and Sydney both coming close to taking the lead. However full-time blew with Sydney leading 2-1 but on aggregate only 2-2. The game went into Extra Time, both sides well aware of a possible penalty shootout - however late into extra time it would be Melbourne who would score the decisive goal. A dubious handball call on Sydney FC's Terry McFlynn allowed Melbourne a free kick just outside of the penalty box. However Sydney were slow to react and make the blocking wall - many player still arguing with the referee. Melbourne took a quick free kick and Archie Thompson slotted the ball past a stunned Clint Bolton to level the scores at 2-2 and give Melbourne a 3-2 aggregate lead. Melbourne would go on to win the game, and gain their spot in the Grand Final down in Melbourne, Sydney would be forced to play the Wellington Phoenix in the Preliminary final, who had earlier defeated the Newcastle Jets 3-1 at Westpac Stadium.
Preliminary final
V "Wellington Phoenix (home at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney")
A smaller than expected crowd of just over 13,000 showed up at the SFS to watch the Premiers take on the Wellington Phoenix whose run into the finals had been very good. However, it was tipped that Sydney would dominate the game from the start and that's exactly what happened. Chris Payne would be the hero for Sydney - scoring first. However Wellington would equalise and claw back into the game, but the turning point of the match would be late in the first half from a free kick. Karol Kisel whipped the ball into the box, and from the initial play, it appeared Payne had headed the ball into the net past a stunned Liam Reddy - however despite celebrations from the Sydney team, the entire Wellington team blew up at the referee. Replays would show, that whilst attempting to head the ball into the net, the ball had deflected off his hand. The goal was dubbed 'Hand of Payne' and later in the post-match interviews, Wellington manager Ricki Herbert would compare the goal to Theirry Henry's deliberate handball against Ireland 'Hand of Frog' and Diego Maradona's infamous 'Hand of God'. However Wellington never recovered from the incident and in the second half, two great goals from Alex Brosque and Mark Bridge stretched the lead to 4-1, however Eugene Dadi would get a consolation goal back for Wellington in the dying seconds of the second half, in pouring rain. Sydney went on to win 4-2 and book their spot in the 2010 A-League Grand Final.
Grand Final
"Main Article" 2010 A-League Grand Final
V "Melbourne Victory (away at Etihad Stadium, Melbourne")
The grand final that, the FFA, A-League, and football fans all around Australia had been waiting 5 years for. A grand final between the two best teams in Australia, Sydney FC and Melbourne Victory. Throughout the season they had been at loggerheads with each other, never allowing either to be on top of the table for more than 2 games at a time. However Sydney had already dealt a blow to Melbourne, taking the Premiership plate off them back in the Round 27 clash at the Sydney Football Stadium, however Melbourne had got a little revenge by winning the semi-final - allowing them to host the final. Melbourne were also looking to win te grand final in consecutive year, the first time they would have done that - it was the first time any A-League team had been in the grand final in consecutive years, so it was only fitting that Melbourne went into the game as favourites. A crowd of 48,000 packed out Melbournes Etihad Stadium the tension had been building all week. Melbourne's hopes took a massive blow early on in the game when start striker and marquee player Archie Thompson suffered an Anterior cruciate ligament injury, scans later revealing this, meaning he would not play for at least 12 months. The scores were deadlocked 0-0 at half time, with what had been described as an uneventful game up until half time. This would all change in the second half. In the 63rd minute Rodrigo Vargas looked to have scored for Melbourne, however his celebrations were cut short by an offside flag. In the confusion that followed Sydney counterattacked and 10 seconds later, Mark Bridge scored, sending the away bay into fits of hysteria. Sydney were up 1-0 and Melbourne looked shellshocked, Sydney had the opportunity to go 2-0 up, however nerves got the better of young striker Chris Payne who missed an open goal shot. However Sydney's defence got sloppy, and later in the 81st minute, it would be Adrian Leijer who equilised for the home side, sending the entire stadium bar the Sydney away bay into celebrations. As a result Sydney's confidence took a blow to the belly, and Melbourne could smell blood in the water, and can be considered very unlucky when young Aziz Behich missed a chance to go 2-1 up.
With the Full-time scores locked at 1-1, the game went into extra time, however neither side managed to have many good attacking opportunities, fatigue getting the better of most of the players. With the end of extra time - 120 minutes, still deadlocked at 1-1 the game went into penalties, yet another first for a grand final. It was deemed Sydney would take the first shot on goal.
Simon Colosimo calmly put the ball past Mitchell Langerak to give Sydney a 1-0 advantage. Kevin Muscat stepped up next, however his shot hit the right upright, sending Sydney players and fans alike into celebrations. It would be a bad omen for Melbourne. Shannon Cole next stepped up for Sydney, however his shot was saved, dragging Melbourne right back into the shootout. Grant Brebner would level the scores at 1-1 putting all the pressure back onto Sydney. However, if there was any pressure, the Sydney players were not showing it, Hayden Foxe nearly ripped the net off with his penalty, whilst Clint Bolton pulled off a wonderful save from Melbourne's Costa Rican international Marvin Angulo. Karol Kisel would score his penalty to give Sydney a 3-1 lead. Leigh Broxham would give Melbourne a faint glimmer of hope, when he scored to make it 3-2, however Sydney FC's Korean import Byun Sung-Hwan stepped up to take the final penalty. If he scored, Sydney won, if he missed or it was saved the shootout would continue. However he calmly stepped up and sent Langerak the wrong way. Sydney FC had won the 2010 Grand Final, doing what nobody had predicted at the beginging of the season - not only winning the grand final, doing the double, and taking the Premiership and Championship of Melbourne.
2009-10 A-League season.
Pre-season matches.
Leading up to the start of the A-League 2009-10 season, clubs will have to organise their own pre season matches as the Pre Season Cup competition has been scrapped.
Sydney FC failed to snare Fulham FC as well as Everton FC, with Fulham playing other A-League clubs on their tour. Sydney still have the opportunity to snare other Asian or Middle Eastern clubs. Sydney have arranged several matches with New South Wales Premier League clubs for preparation for the 2009/10 season. It has also been revealed that Sydney FC has managed to get Premier League club Middlesbrough on a friendly on 18 June.
2009-10 A-League finals.
Stadiums.
Sydney FC will play 13 home games at the Sydney Football Stadium and 1 game at Parramatta Stadium.
The reason for the match against Perth Glory being moved from the SFS to Parramatta Stadium is due to the Edinburgh Military Tattoo. Sydney have played at the western Sydney stadium before when they moved their venue of the AFC Champions League group match against Persik Kediri to Parramatta due to the annual Anzac Day NRL match between the Sydney Roosters and St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Other venues that Sydney FC will play away from home are:
Season statistics.
Leading scorers.
Sydney FC A-League Top Scorers
"(Current as of Round 26)"
Discipline.
"(Current as of Round 9)"
International Selections.
2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification
The following players from Sydney FC were chosen to represent their country in the 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification for the 2011 Asian Cup:
2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup
The following players from Sydney FC were chosen to represent their country in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt:
AFC U-19 Championship 2010 qualification
The following players from Sydney FC were chosen to represent their country in the AFC U-19 Championship 2010 qualification in Indonesia:
Team Kit.
A new kit was designed for the upcoming 2009-10 season. The home kit is a sky blue shirt with dark blue trim, dark blue shorts, and sky blue socks. The away kit is very similar to previous season's kits, white shirt with sky blue trim, sky blue shorts and white socks. Bing Lee will be the home shirt sponsor for the upcoming season and Sony Australia will be the away kit sponsor.
Home
Away

</doc>
<doc id="21376067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376067" title="DFS Galleria">
DFS Galleria

DFS ("DFS Group") is a major luxury travel retailer. Established in Hong Kong in 1960, its network consists of duty free stores located in 18 major global airports, 14 downtown Galleria stores, as well as affiliate and resort locations. The Group is privately held and majority owned by the luxury conglomerate Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton (LVMH), alongside DFS co-founder and shareholder Robert Miller. DFS Group employs over 9,000 people. In 2012, over 200 million travellers visited DFS stores. DFS is headquartered in Hong Kong and has offices in Hawaii, Los Angeles, Shanghai, Singapore and Tokyo.
History.
In 1960, Americans Charles Feeney and Robert Miller founded Tourists International, which later became Duty Free Shoppers (DFS), in Hong Kong, at a time when tax free shopping was still in its infancy. The entrepreneurs anticipated the growing spending power of military servicemen as well as the rise of international travelers from Asia, following vast improvements in international air travel after World War II. On 7 November 1960, Miller and Feeney, under the names Tourists International and Cars International (predecessors to DFS Group), opened an operation and showroom on the Wanchai Waterfront in what was then known as Rediffusion House. The initial focus was marketing duty free cars and liquor to US military and navy personnel.
In 1961, Tourists International won the bid for a duty free concession at Hong Kong’s Kai Tak Airport and opened its first airport store (using the Duty Free Shoppers name, which was purchased from military entrepreneur friends Stewart Damon and Harry Adler).
On October 22, 1962, Tourist International won the bid for a 120 sq. m. store in Honolulu, following a rapid increase in tourism and travel to Hawaii after it became the 50th state in the US in 1959.
In 1965, the company shut down its military business, dropped the names Tourists International and Cars International, and began exclusively using the name Duty Free Shoppers (DFS).
In 1966, overseas travel restrictions on Japanese nationals were lifted, and DFS recognized Japan’s desire for travel and Western luxury items. DFS opened stores in destinations favored by Japanese tourists, hired Japanese-speaking staff, and began to offer after-sales service in Japan. Japan-related business increased by 19 percent per year until 1986.
In 1968, DFS’s first downtown stores were opened in Honolulu and Kowloon (Hong Kong), purchases being delivered to the airport on request. Travel agents were encouraged to include visits to stores as part of their tour itineraries. In 1969, DFS opened its first store in North America, at Anchorage, Alaska airport.
In 1971, Classic Jewelers was founded in Hong Kong as a subsidiary of DFS to produce jewelry to be sold in DFS stores. DFS also opened a hotel-based store in Guam. Next year, DFS opened two more stores in Guam, one downtown and one at the airport.
Further openings in the 1970s included stores on Nathan Road, central Kowloon, Hong Kong (1973), at San Francisco International Airport and downtown San Francisco (all 1973), an airport store in Oakland, CA (1974), Waikiki Square, Honolulu (1975), downtown Los Angeles and Saipan (1976) and Payer Lebar (Singapore) (1978).
In 1980, DFS opened a store at the new Changi International Airport in Singapore, which would later be followed by a number of hotel stores and a Galleria, firstly at Tanglin and then subsequently at Scottswalk.
In 1982, Robert Miller commissioned American artist Andy Warhol to work on the DFS logo.
In 1995, DFS opened the first downtown Galleria in Guam.
In 1996, LVMH acquired the majority share of DFS Group, buying out the interest of Charles Feeney. LVMH’s investment in DFS represents a combined vision of luxury goods and travel retail, and with it, the Group shifts its emphasis to luxury and fashion.
In 1997, the Asian Financial Crisis hit Hong Kong hard, and DFS decided to broaden its Galleria network, move toward the luxury end of the market, and diversify away from its reliance on Japanese consumers.
In 1999, Edward Brennan was appointed CEO.
In 2003, DFS Group established its first Chinese after sales service center in Beijing, and in 2004, moved its headquarters from San Francisco to Hong Kong.
In 2005, branded boutique halls opened in Okinawa, launching a new shop-in-shop concept for Gallerias.
In 2006, DFS Platinum Services Club was established, offering privileges such as limousine service, access to VIP lounges, and invitations to special events.
In 2008, DFS opened stores in Abu Dhabi airport, Mumbai and Macau.
In 2010, DFS established DFS University to enhance employee expertise and education.
In 2012, Philippe Schaus was appointed CEO, effective August 1, 2012, succeeding Edward Brennan, who became a Non-Executive Director of DFS Group. Michael Schriver, previously President for Stores and Business Development, was named COO. At the same time, DFS opened a new downtown store in the heart of Causeway Bay in Hong Kong, and secured three concessions at Hong Kong International Airport.
In 2013, rebranded its downtown Galleria Stores “T Galleria” and unveiled a strategy of localization for airports.
Locations.
DFS stores are located in:

</doc>
<doc id="21376092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376092" title="A Family Affair (Mikael Bolyos album)">
A Family Affair (Mikael Bolyos album)

A Family Affair is the first solo album by Swedish pop-rock singer-songwriter Mikael Bolyos, born in 1957 in Stockholm.
The album was issued on CD in 2007. It features the vocals of Bolyos' wife Marie Fredriksson (part of the duo Roxette) and of Mats Ronander.

</doc>
<doc id="21376101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376101" title="Bob Burns (Arizona politician)">
Bob Burns (Arizona politician)

Robert "Bob" Burns is a politician from Arizona who previously served as the President of the Arizona State Senate. Burns is a Republican who was elected from District 9 and resides in Peoria. Burns also served as Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Burns played a key role in the development of the Arizona Telemedicine Council, initiating the legislation that created it, and serving as the first Co-Chairman of the council.
In 2012 Burns was elected to the Arizona Corporation Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="21376106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376106" title="Yasugi Station">
Yasugi Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376113" title="KAYO (FM)">
KAYO (FM)

KAYO is a Classic Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wasilla, Alaska, serving the Mat-Su Valley. KAYO is owned and operated by Morris Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="21376121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376121" title="Arashima Station">
Arashima Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376131" title="Znojile, Tolmin">
Znojile, Tolmin

Znojile () is a small settlement in the hills north of Hudajužna in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Znojile" is derived from "*znoji(d)lo" 'sunny or sun-facing area' from the verb "*znojiti" 'to be warmed by the sun'. The name therefore refers to the geographical orientation of the place.

</doc>
<doc id="21376139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376139" title="The Organizer (album)">
The Organizer (album)

The Organizer is the fourth album Lester Bowie recorded for the Japanese DIW label and the first album by his "New York Organ Ensemble". It was released in 1991 and features performances by Bowie, Steve Turre, Amina Claudine Myers James Carter, Phillip Wilson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 3 stars stating "In 1991, while on hiatus from the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Lester Bowie's Brass Fantasy, the trumpeter revisited his organ roots. He wisely matched the soulful, gospel influences of organist Amina Claudine Myers and the exhilarating tenor powerhouse James Carter with trombonist Steve Turre and drummers (fellow AEC members past and present) Famoudou Don Moye and Phillip Wilson, making for invigorating yet reverent sessions". 

</doc>
<doc id="21376140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376140" title="Reusable shopping bag">
Reusable shopping bag

A reusable shopping bag, sometimes called bag for life, is a type of shopping bag which can be reused many times: this is an alternative of single use paper or plastic bags. It is often made from fabric such as canvas, woven synthetic fibers, or a thick plastic that is more durable than disposable plastic bags, allowing multiple use.
Reusable shopping bags are a kind of carrier bag, which are available for sale in supermarkets and apparel shops. Reusable shopping bags require more energy to produce than common plastic shopping bags. One reusable bag requires the same amount of energy as an estimated 28 traditional plastic shopping bags or eight paper bags. "If used once per week, four or five reusable bags will replace 520 plastic bags a year" according to Nick Sterling, research director at Natural Capitalism Solutions. A study commissioned by the United Kingdom Environment Agency in 2005 but never published found that the average cotton bag is used only 51 times before being thrown away.
History.
Use in the United States.
First introduced in the US in 1977, plastic shopping bags for bagging groceries at stores flourished in the 1980s and 1990s, replacing paper bags. In 1990s, governments in some countries started to impose taxes on distribution of disposable plastic bags or to regulate the use of them. Supermarkets increasingly discourage consumers from using disposable plastic bags and offer alternative reusable shopping bags with small prices, providing information on environmental damage associated with plastic bags. Because of these encouragements, reusable shopping bags are gradually taking place beside plastic bags. The shape of reusable shopping bags which are now becoming popular is usually different from what they used to be before the prevalence of plastic bags. The apparel industry promotes reusable shopping bags as sustainable fashion.
Many supermarkets encourage the use of reusable shopping bags to increase sales and profit margins. Most non woven polypropylene bags cost $0.10-0.25 to produce and are sold for $0.99-$3.00 in most cases. As stores receive diminishing returns due to saturated markets, there are concerns that prices will drop and they will become the new single use bag. Some major supermarket chains have string or calico bags available for sale. They are sold with announcement of environmental issues in many cases. The ones sold in supermarkets often have designs related to nature, such as prints of trees or that of the earth, in order to emphasize environmental issues. Some supermarkets give points for customers when they bring own shopping bags. When the customers collect a certain amount of points, they can usually get discount coupons or gifts, which motivate customers to reduce plastic bag use. Some retailers such as Whole Foods Market and Target offer a cash discount for bringing in reusable bags.
Since 1999, 2.88 billion reusable bags were imported into the United States for resale and give-aways under Harmonized Tariff Code (HTC) 4202923031 as reported by the United States International Trade Commission. Unknown numbers of bags were imported under other HTCs or produced domestically. Annual import reports showed acceleration of bag distribution with the rise of environmental claims of reusable bag reseller in the United States from 130 million in 1999, to 504 million in 2008. Of these, 1.6 Billion bags were imported from China between 2004 and 2008.
Most U.S. grocery store customers do not bring their own bags and many reusable bags go unused by customers, according to a 2008 article in the "Wall Street Journal". 
In 2009, Walmart Stores proposed turning three California stores into reusable bag only stores. Concurrently, Walmart was prepared to introduce a $0.15 reusable bag. On 23 October 2009 Walmart abandoned plans to remove carrier bags but they continued to introduce the new lower cost bags. In contrast to previous bags sold at $0.99 and $0.50 these lower cost bags may reduce price incentive to reuse these heavy bags.
Use in the United Kingdom.
They are offered in most British supermarkets. In the UK, these are sold for a nominal sum, usually 10 pence, and are replaced for free. The bags are more durable than standard bags, meaning that they can be reused many times over.
The main purpose of this is to ensure that the bags are recycled (which usually earns the retailer a small amount of money per bag), and unlike with free carrier bags there is a (small) financial incentive to bring the bags back for recycling, lessening the environmental impact.
In contrast to more spartan carrier bags, bags for life tend to be colourful and show some aspect of the supermarket's advertising. Some supermarkets maintain the same design for years at a time, whereas some, like Waitrose, rotate the designs to tie in with either the season or the most recent advertising campaign.
Waitrose' was the first supermarket to use them. As of April 2008, Marks and Spencer are giving their Bags for life free to every customer, as their normal plastic bags will have to be paid for from May 6. This will be a small sum of 5 pence a carrier. The bags are given to the customer every time they shop so they will have plenty when the switchover in May comes live. Later on Sain's burys and other supermarkets Introduced the "bag for life"
Apollo Bags was the first company in the United Kingdom to introduce the popular shopping bag with a rubber-based biodegrable lining which will degrade within our lifetime.
Increasingly the use of Jute and Juco bags has provided a natural alternative to single use plastic bags and reusable plastic bags. Over 25 million have been sold in the UK. Reusable plastic bags do not have a simple end of life disposal route. Many are made of mixed plastics so they cannot be easily recycled or are so highly coloured the only reuse is black bin bags which are energy intensive to convert. 
Jute bags have become a crossover product from an alternative to plastics to a fashion / shopper accessory. Jute bags will last for about 4 years - if used correctly will replace over 600 single bags. At end of life they can be used as planters for growing garden vegetables.
Use in Ireland.
In Ireland, they were introduced when the Plastic Bag Environmental Levy was brought in to reduce the massive amount of disposable bags being used annually. Bags costing 70 euro cents or more are exempt from the levy.
Use in Australia and New Zealand.
These bags are known as green bags in Australia due to their relative environmental friendliness and usual (though far from universal) green color. Green Bags and similar reusable shopping bags are commonly distributed at the point of sale by supermarkets and other retail outlets. They are intended to be reused repeatedly to replace the use of hundreds of High-density polyethylene (HDPE) plastic bags. Most green bags are made of 100% Non-woven Polypropylene (NWPP) which is recyclable but not biodegradable. Some companies claim to be making NWPP bags from recycled material, however with current manufacturing techniques this is not possible. All NWPP bags are made from virgin material. Similar bags are made of jute, canvas, calico or hemp but are not discussed here. A typical base insert is 200x300 mm and weighs 30 g. It is generally made of a stiff plastic.
Food safety.
Most reusable bag shoppers do not wash their bags once they return home and the bags may be leading to food poisoning according to Dr. Richard Summerbell, research director at Toronto-based Sporometrics and former chief of medical mycology for the Ontario Ministry of Health. Because of their repeated exposure to raw meats and vegetable there is an increased risk of foodborne illness. A 2008 study of bags, sponsored by the Environmental and Plastics Industry Council of Canada, found mold and bacterial levels in one reusable bag to be 300% greater than the levels that would be considered safe in drinking water.
The study does not differentiate between non-hemp bags and hemp bags, which have natural antimildew and antimicrobial properties.
A 2010 joint University of Arizona and Limo Loma University study (sponsored by the American Chemistry Council, a trade group that advocates on behalf of disposable plastic bag manufacturers) they found that "Reusable grocery bags can be a breeding ground for dangerous foodborne bacteria and pose a serious risk to public health". The study found that 97% of users did not wash them and that greater than 50% of the 84 bags contained coliform (a bacteria found in fecal material), while "E. coli" was found in 12% of the bags. The study made the following recommendations:
The study further showed that machine or hand washing even without the presence of bleach was effective in reducing coliform and other bacteria in the bags to levels below detection.
A Consumer Reports article criticized the 2010 study, calling into question the small sample size of bags examined in the study and the questionable danger of the type and amount of bacteria found. Michael Hansen, senior staff scientist at Consumers Union, stated "A person eating an average bag of salad greens gets more exposure to these bacteria than if they had licked the insides of the dirtiest bag from this study." But Hansen notes that there are some reminders to take away from the study. It’s easy to spread bacteria from meat, fish, or poultry to other foods – in your kitchen or in your grocery bags. So he does think it’s wise to carry those items in disposable bags. Reusable bags are fine for most everything else, but it’s a good idea to wash them occasionally.
Product safety.
According to Bloomberg News, in September 2010, "Wegmans Food Markets Inc., owner of a chain of East Coast supermarkets, announced it would replace reusable shopping bags after a consumer group found the sacks had high levels of lead." Bloomberg News also stated that the high levels were related to two specific designs, totaling more than 725,000 bags. 
After a report in the Tampa Tribune in November 2010 that elevated levels of lead were found in similar reusable bags, the Food and Drug Administration opened an investigation responding to calls by U.S. environmental and consumer groups, as well as U.S. Senator Charles Schumer, to investigate the reusable bags commonly distributed by grocery stores and large retail chains. Winn-Dixie recalled their bags after they were directly cited in the investigation.
In December 2010, popular Canadian-based athletic retailer Lululemon Athletica recalled complimentary reusable bags distributed since November 2009 because "environmental concerns were raised over the proper disposal of reusable bags due to lead content." Sears' Canadian stores announced a recall on reusable bags because of similar findings on January 6, 2011. On January 12, 2011, The Center for Environmental Health announced Disney-themed bags from U.S. grocery chain Safeway have been found to contain levels of lead 15 to 17 times the current federal limit of 300ppm. Safeway recalled bags that had been identified as containing high levels of lead in late January 2011.
In January 2011, USA Today ran an article based on a report from the Center for Consumer Freedom, a front group for the "hospitality industries", that bags sold in the U.S. by Walgreens, Safeway, Giant, Giant Eagle, Bloom and other grocery chains and retailers contained levels of lead in excess of 100 parts per million, the maximum amount allowed under law in many U.S. states. They have not produced their testing methods and data, and many organizations feel this was an attempt to discredit the use of reusable bags. Bloom stopped distributing the bags due to toxicity levels prior to the study, but did not recall the bags.
Other concerns have been raised about the safety of reusable bags due to infrequent washing and the presence of bacteria.
In May 2012, Oregon Public Health published a study in the Journal of Infectious Diseases, traced an outbreak of the dangerous norovirus to a reusable grocery bag that members of a Beaverton girls' soccer team passed around when they shared cookies.
Legislation and reusable bags.
Some governments have encouraged the use of reusable shopping bags through the regulation of plastic bags with bans, recycling mandates, taxes or fees. The legislation to discourage plastic bag use has been passed in parts of South Africa, Ireland, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
San Luis Obispo County, CA has outlawed disposable plastic bags and requires shoppers to bring their own bags or pay a 10 cent per bag fee for paper bags. http://www.sanluisobispo.com/2012/09/29/2245711/plastic-bag-ban-starts-monday.html
In 2002 the Australian Federal Government studied the use of throwaway plastic bags and threatened to outlaw them if retailers did not voluntarily discourage their use. In 2003 the government negotiated with the Australian Retailers Association a voluntary progressive reduction of plastic bag use which led to a number of initiatives, including the widespread distribution and promotion of Green Bags.
From 1 October 2011 the Welsh government will enforce a minimum tax of 5p on single use carrier bags.
Fashion trend.
Because of the encouragement of reusable shopping bags by governments and supermarkets, reusable shopping bags have become one of the new fashion trends. A reusable bag company named Project GreenBag (http://www.projectgreenbag.com) has made this trend popular. The apparel industry also contributed to make it popular to have fashionable reusable shopping bags instead of disposable plastic bags. Famous designers and popular fashion brand companies are promoting their original shopping bags and release new designs one after another. British designer Anya Hindmarch's $15 "I'm Not A Plastic Bag" (an unbleached cotton bag) sold out in one day, and fetched $800 on the Internet.
In terms on consumer behaviour, use of reusable bags is correlated with organic purchases. Surprisingly it is also correlated with self-indulgent purchases such as ice cream or cookies.

</doc>
<doc id="21376149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376149" title="2009 Hamas political violence in Gaza">
2009 Hamas political violence in Gaza

The 2009 Hamas political violence took place in the Gaza Strip during and after the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict. A series of violent acts, ranging from physical assaults, torture, and executions of Palestinians suspected of collaboration with the Israel Defense Forces, as well as members of the Fatah political party, occurred. According to Human Rights Watch, at least 32 people were killed by these attacks: 18 during the conflict and 14 afterward, and several dozen more were maimed, many by shots to the legs.
Suspected collaborators.
Many of the attacks were against people suspected of being informants during the war. Hamas has denied its connection to these attacks, although it admitted that it had been making related arrests in an attempt to re-assert its authority over Gaza. According to a Hamas spokesperson, "The internal security service was instructed to track collaborators and hit them hard. They arrested dozens of collaborators who attempted to strike at Hamas by giving information to Israel about the fighters."
Another Hamas official said, "Maybe some of them were killed because they were acting against the population, against the resistance." A report in the Qatar-based newspaper "Al-Sharq" quoted Moussa Abu Marzuk, a high-ranking Hamas official, as confirming that the organisation had killed known collaborators.
"Ha'aretz", an Israeli newspaper, reported on January 30 that a number of Palestinian spies working in Gaza for Israel had been "intercepted" by Hamas. The information these agents fed to the Israeli military was said to have been used "carelessly", and this may have led to their exposure and subsequent executions.
A human rights group based in Ramallah decried the attacks, releasing a statement that read, "A number of citizens have been extra-judicially executed during and after the Israeli military aggression on the Gaza Strip... Fire was opened on affected citizens at a close distance. In addition, individuals in official uniform or masked persons opened fire on people's legs, severely beat others, imposed house arrests, and threatened to punish citizens along with their families if they would not comply."
Haidar Ghanem, a Palestinian journalist who was a former employee for the Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem, was accused of "collaborating with Israel" during Operation Cast Lead and was executed by Hamas on January 7, Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. According to "The Jerusalem Post", "the PA state security court had sentenced Ghanem, a father of two, after holding only two brief sessions."
Fatah.
After Hamas won a majority of legislative seats during the 2006 Palestinian elections, tensions between Hamas and Fatah became increasingly violent. In 2007, both parties engaged in a military conflict, in which Hamas won control over the Gaza Strip and forced Fatah into the West Bank. Since the 23-day Israeli assault on Gaza, Hamas has accused Abbas of backing Israel, calling him a traitor and collaborator.
Fatah said 19 of its officials were executed and many more tortured. Gaza residents say Hamas used schools and other public buildings in Gaza City, and the towns of Khan Yunis and Rafah, as detention centers to interrogate members of Fatah. They said three men have been blinded during questioning and over 60 of them shot in the legs as punishment. The Palestinian Center for Human Rights stated that "Hamas operatives killed six members of Fatah" and that " 35 were shot in the knees or beaten.
Reuters reported that Hamas leadership in Gaza "denied the allegations Fatah but said authorities had begun tracking down suspected 'collaborators' with Israel."
Dissenters.
Testimonies from Gaza civilians documented in the course of Gaza War imply that people do not dare to speak out openly against Hamas; those who tried to object were shot by Hamas operatives.

</doc>
<doc id="21376177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376177" title="Miss Latin America 1983">
Miss Latin America 1983

Miss América Latina 1983 was the first international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the third overall. The final event was held on September 8, 1983 in Miami Beach, Florida, USA. At the conclusion of the pageant, María Rosa of Puerto Rico was crowned the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="21376195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376195" title="Iya Station">
Iya Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376210" title="The Night (film)">
The Night (film)

The Night or Al-Lail () ("The Night") is a Syrian feature drama film by director Mohamed Malas. The film explores the Arab-Israeli conflict as seen through the experiences of an Arab family in newly liberated city of Quneitra, headed by a resistance fighter. "Al-Lail" was the first Syrian feature to be played at the New York Film Festival on October 4, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21376217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376217" title="Higashi-Matsue Station (Shimane)">
Higashi-Matsue Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376220" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003

Slovenia entered the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, represented by Karmen Stavec with the song "Nanana". The song, performed in Slovene as "Lep poletni dan" (A beautiful summer day), was the winner of the Slovene national final, EMA 2003.
EMA 2003.
EMA 2003 was held on 15 February at the Gospodarsko Razstavisce in Ljubljana, hosted by Miša Molk and Peter Poles. Two rounds of voting were held, with the top three songs, selected by 50% televoting and 50% from the votes of an international jury, proceeding to a super final, where the final winner was chosen through 100% televoting.
The final winner was Karmen Stavec with "Lep poletni dan", beating jury favourite Alenka Godec in the super final. The televoting favourite, Bepop, failed to pick up any marks from the jury, coming fourth and failing to qualify to the super final.
Results.
16 songs in total competed to receive a place in the super final. The televoting favourite, Bepop, was eliminated after receiving nothing from the jury. The final three qualifiers were Karmen Stavec, Nuša Derenda and Alenka Godec.
Super final.
The final winner of EMA 2003 was decided entirely by televoting. The final winner was Karmen Stavec, who had previously taken part in the 1998, 2001 and 2002 editions of EMA. She received no less than half as many votes as her runner-up, previous Eurovision contestant Nuša Derenda.
At Eurovision.
"Lep poletni dan" was performed as "Nanana" at Eurovision, where it closed to the contest, performing 26th in the running order, following Sweden. The Slovene public were able to vote for the winner of the contest through televoting after all songs had performed.
At the close of the voting, Slovenia received 7 points, 4 from Bosnia and Herzegovina and 3 from Croatia. Slovenia gave the decisive votes of the contest: with Belgium leading Turkey by five points at the top of the scoreboard, Slovenia gave three points to Belgium, 10 to Turkey and 12 to third place Russia, giving Turkey to final victory.

</doc>
<doc id="21376240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376240" title="Žabče">
Žabče

Žabče () is a village northeast of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church, built to the east of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Mark and belongs to the Parish of Tolmin.

</doc>
<doc id="21376246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376246" title="Nogi Station (Shimane)">
Nogi Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376265" title="Sir Hew Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Hew Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet

Sir Hew Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet (26 October 1746 – 13 February 1800) was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Haddingtonshire 1780-1786.
He was the son of Sir Hew Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet.
He was an army officer, serving as in ensign in the 31st Foot from 1763, a captain in the 1st Foot from 1768, and the 92nd Foot from 1779.
He stepped down as MP in 1786, when he was appointed Auditor of the Excise in Scotland 1786, holding this post until his death. He changed his name to Hamilton-Dalrymple in 1796 when he inherited the estate of Bargany from his uncle, John Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="21376268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376268" title="Finland–Germany relations">
Finland–Germany relations

Bilateral relations between Finland and Germany began after the German Empire recognised the newly independent Finnish state on January 4, 1918. In the ensuing Finnish Civil War, Germany played a prominent role siding with the White Army and training Finnish Jägers. In one of the decisive battles of the war, German troops took Helsinki in April 1918.
During World War II, the secret protocol in Molotov-Ribbentrop pact enabled the Winter War (1939–40), a Soviet attack on Finland. Finland and Nazi Germany were "co-belligerents" against Soviet Union during Continuation War (1941–44), but a separate peace with Soviet Union led to the Finnish-German Lapland War (1944–45).
Finland recognised both the Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic (West and East Germany) in 1972 and it established diplomatic relations with East Germany in July 1972 and with West Germany in January 1973.
Germany currently has an embassy in Helsinki. Finland has an embassy in Berlin, a consulate general in Hamburg, two honorary consulates general in Düsseldorf and Munich and other honorary consulates in Bremen, Dresden, Frankfurt am Main, Hanover, Kiel, Lübeck, Rostock, Stuttgart, and Wilhelmshaven. Both countries are part of the European Union and are signatories of the Schengen Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="21376287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376287" title="Tamatsukuri-Onsen Station">
Tamatsukuri-Onsen Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376300" title="Kimachi Station">
Kimachi Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376305" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995

Slovenia selection event was on 18th of February 1995 in the studio of RTV Slovenia. The host was Saša Gerdej. Instead of a televote, the winner was chosen by twelve juries.
At Eurovision.
Darja Švajger placed seventh in Dublin. It is still the best Eurovision placement for Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21376312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376312" title="Sir Hew Dalrymple-Hamilton, 4th Baronet">
Sir Hew Dalrymple-Hamilton, 4th Baronet

Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton, 4th Baronet (1774–1834) was a British politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Haddingtonshire 1795-1800, Ayrshire 1803-1807 and 1811–1818 and Haddington Burghs 1820-1826.
He was the son of Sir Hew Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="21376321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376321" title="Naoe Station">
Naoe Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376343" title="Izumoshi Station">
Izumoshi Station

Lines.
Izumoshi Station
Dentetsu Izumoshi Station

</doc>
<doc id="21376347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376347" title="Miss Latin America 1984">
Miss Latin America 1984

Miss América Latina 1984 was the second international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the fourth overall. The final event was held on September 8, 1984 in Miami Beach, Florida, USA. At the conclusion of the pageant, Mirla Ochoa of Venezuela was crowned by outgoing titleholder, María Rosa of Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="21376351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376351" title="Divided Soul">
Divided Soul

Divided Soul: The Life of Marvin Gaye is the name of a 1985 biography on American singer Marvin Gaye. The biography was written by music reviewer David Ritz including conversations he had with the singer, who put the biography together shortly after Gaye's death at the hands of his father Marvin Gay, Sr. in 1984.
History.
The book came together after Gaye had contacted Ritz shortly after seeing a review Ritz had given on "Rolling Stone" about the album, "Here, My Dear", criticizing critics who he felt didn't get Marvin's message in the album, which was panned at the time of its release in late 1978.
Gaye and Ritz had ongoing conversations of the singer's life story, most of it recorded on audio tape. In 1982, while visiting Gaye in Belgium where he was on a self-imposed exile, Ritz continued work on the autobiography when Ritz searched Gaye's room finding explicit comic books, telling the singer, who struggled with depression and other issues, that he "needed sexual healing". An inspired Marvin convinced Ritz to write a few lyrics for what would be Marvin's comeback hit, "Sexual Healing". Gaye and Ritz continued conversations over the biography through 1983 when Gaye went on his U.S. tour promoting his "Midnight Love" album.
Their interviews ended abruptly after Gaye was shot and killed by his father on April 1, 1984. Devastated over Marvin's death, Ritz began writing the book and took quotes that Marvin had recited to him over his life from his troubled childhood being brought up in the Pentecostal faith by his father and suffering physical abuse from the same man, to his breakthrough years with Motown and his depression over the death of Tammi Terrell and his tumultuous relationships with Berry Gordy and his two wives Anna Gordy and Janis Hunter. The book was released in 1985 and became a best-seller upon release. A paperback edition was released the following year.
Ritz later re-released a new edition in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21376354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376354" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996

Slovenia participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 with song ""Dan Najlepših Sanj"" performed by Regina.
EMA 1996.
The Slovene national final 1996 was the first edition that uses title EMA, this title is in use for every slovene selection since it.
Twelve acts were chosen to participate, but after one withdrawal only 11 remained in competition for Slovenian representative in the Eurovision Song Contest 1996.
The final held in studio in RTV SLO house on 10 February 1996. It was presented by Tajda Lekše, same presenter as in 1993 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="21376369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376369" title="Sir John Hamilton-Dalrymple, 5th Baronet">
Sir John Hamilton-Dalrymple, 5th Baronet

Sir John Hamilton-Dalrymple, 5th Baronet (2 December 1780 - 26 May 1835) was a Scottish politician and the MP for Haddington Burghs between 1805 and 1806. He was the second son of Sir Hew Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet and the younger brother of Sir Hew Dalrymple-Hamilton, 4th Baronet.
An army officer, he served as a cornet in the 28th Light Dragoons in 1795, rising through the ranks of lieutenant in 1797, captain in 1800 and then going on to half-pay in 1802 during the Peace of Amiens. He became captain-commandant of the North Berwick Volunteers in 1803, and then a captain in the 73rd Regiment of Foot on the resumption of the war with France. He changed regiments, joining the 42nd Regiment of Foot as a captain in 1803, and by 1805 was a major in the 64th Regiment of Foot. He became a lieutenant-colonel in the 10th Regiment of Foot later that year, and served with the 22 Regiment of Foot in 1806. He became a brevet colonel in 1813 and a major-general in 1819. He served for a time at Madras and inherited his brother's baronetcy on 23 February 1834. He had married Charlotte Warrender, the daughter of Sir Patrick Warrender on 30 July 1806. They had two sons and five daughters. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son, Hew.

</doc>
<doc id="21376384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376384" title="Nishi-Izumo Station">
Nishi-Izumo Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376392" title="Manhattan mobility model">
Manhattan mobility model

There are various mobility models in vehicular ad-hoc networks (VANET). These mobility models guide the driver of the vehicle in taking the right path, also provides safety and comfort. One such mobility model is the Manhattan mobility model. The Manhattan mobility model uses a "grid road topology". This mobility model was mainly proposed for the movement in urban area, where the streets are in an organized manner.
In this mobility model, the mobile nodes move in horizontal or vertical direction on an urban map. The Manhattan model employs a probabilistic approach in the selection of nodes movements, since, at each intersection, a vehicle chooses to keep moving in the same direction. The probability of going straight is 0.5 and taking a left or right is 0.25 each.
From the above discussion, it is very clear that this model is not suitable for highway systems. Although this model provides flexibility for the nodes to change the direction, it imposes geographic restrictions on node mobility.
Important Characteristics of Manhattan Mobility model: 

</doc>
<doc id="21376414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376414" title="Izumo-Jinzai Station">
Izumo-Jinzai Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376433" title="Kōnan Station (Shimane)">
Kōnan Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376435" title="Make Love to the Judges with Your Eyes">
Make Love to the Judges with Your Eyes

Make Love to the Judges with Your Eyes is the first full length album by Pony Up! It was released on May 9, 2006, by the all-female indie pop band based in Montreal, Canada, formed on New Year's Eve 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21376438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376438" title="Patrick Kehoe">
Patrick Kehoe

Patrick Kehoe was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer by trade, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency at the 1933 general election. He did not contest the 1937 general election. At the 1938 Seanad election, he was elected to Seanad Éireann by the Agricultural Panel. He lost his seat at the 1948 Seanad election.

</doc>
<doc id="21376448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376448" title="Sir James Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet">
Sir James Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet

Sir John Dalrymple, 2nd Baronet (1692-1751) was MP for Haddington Burghs and the
Principal Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland. He was the son of Sir David Dalrymple, 1st Baronet and father of Sir David Dalrymple, 3rd Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="21376452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376452" title="Oda Station (Shimane)">
Oda Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376462" title="Tagi Station">
Tagi Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376475" title="Lucille M. Mair">
Lucille M. Mair

Dr. Lucille Mathurin Mair, née Walrond (1924; Jamaica – 28 January 2009; Kingston, Jamaica) was a Jamaican ambassador, author, diplomat and gender specialist. Mair obtained a first degree in history at London University. She later obtained a Ph.D. in history from the University of the West Indies with a dissertation entitled "A Historical Study of Women in Jamaica 1655–1844".
Mair served as Assistant Secretary-General in the office of the United Nations Secretary in 1979, from which she performed the role of Secretary-General for the World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women held in 1980 in Copenhagen. From 1981 to 1982, she served as special advisor to the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) on Women's Development at the level of assistant secretary general. She then went on to served as Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Palestine from 1982 to 1987. She was the Permanent Representative of Jamaica to the United Nations from 1992 to 1995 and was also Ambassador to Cuba.
Mair died on 28 January 2009 at her home in Kingston.
In 1996, Mair received CARICOM's Triennial Award for Women. The International Institute of Social Studies (ISS) awarded its honorary doctorate to Lucille Mair in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21376477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376477" title="Miss Latin America 1985">
Miss Latin America 1985

Miss América Latina 1985 was the third international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the fifth overall. The final event was held on September 22, 1985 in Miami Beach, Florida, USA. At the conclusion of the pageant, Victoria Mauríz of the Dominican Republic was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Mirla Ochoa of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="21376478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376478" title="Bukovo, Cerkno">
Bukovo, Cerkno

Bukovo is a settlement in a valley southwest of Mount Kojca in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. Apart from the actual village of Bukovo, it includes a number of hamlets in the area: Kojca, Krtečne, Žabče, Selc, and Laharn.
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Leonard and belongs to the Koper Diocese. It stands on a small rise west of the village. It was built in the 18th century and consists of an octagonal presbytery walled on three sides, a broad rectangular nave, and a belfry. The furnishings include a 19th-century altar from the workshop in Idrija. The church is surrounded by a cemetery, which also contains a Partisan memorial.
Other cultural heritage.
There is a Partisan memorial on the main road southeast of the settlement, between the houses at Bukovo no. 33 and 33a. It consists of six upright stone blocks and was designed by N. Rupnik. It was erected in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21376481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376481" title="Hane Station">
Hane Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376487" title="Kute Station">
Kute Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376500" title="Ōdashi Station">
Ōdashi Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376504" title="Shizuma Station">
Shizuma Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376510" title="Andres Luure">
Andres Luure

Andres Luure (born 22 May 1959) is an Estonian philosopher and translator, and a researcher at Tallinn University.
Luure graduated from the Moscow State University in 1983, majoring in mathematics. In 1998, he successfully defended his MA thesis titled "A combinatorial model of referring". In 2006, he successfully defended his Ph. D. thesis titled "Duality and sextets: a new structure of categories" in semiotics at the University of Tartu.
Luure has translated philosophical works into Estonian, including titles by Ludwig Wittgenstein, Jürgen Habermas and Gilbert Ryle.
Recognition.
In 2008, Luure was recognised by Estonian Volunteering Development Centre as the Volunteer of the Year for his contribution to the Estonian Wikipedia. He received the Order of the White Star, 5th Class in 2013 for his contribution to the Estonian Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="21376513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376513" title="Isotake Station">
Isotake Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376524" title="Nima Station">
Nima Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376529" title="Maji Station">
Maji Station


</doc>
<doc id="21376542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376542" title="Yusato Station">
Yusato Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376549" title="Yunotsu Station">
Yunotsu Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376564" title="Derek Roy (comedian)">
Derek Roy (comedian)

Derek Roy (25 August 1922 – 15 March 1981) was an English comedian, whose public profile was at its greatest in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
His BBC Radio show, "Hip Hip Hoo Roy", was written by amongst others Spike Milligan, and was the show where Milligan's Goon Show character Eccles first appeared. Roy's unsuccessful star-vehicle "Happy Go Lucky" also gave the first writing break to Ray Galton and Alan Simpson, who would soon team up with the show's last producer Dennis Main Wilson to create "Hancock's Half Hour".
Roy also hosted "Variety Bandbox", a talent show that made known such performers as Michael Bentine, Jimmy Edwards, Tony Hancock, Alfred Marks, Morecambe and Wise, Harry Secombe, Peter Sellers, Graham Stark and Harry Worth.
Roy was a resident of the large Art Deco apartment block, Du Cane Court, where he is remembered by the older residents: "He was short, plump, and wore glasses; and besides being a stand-up comedian, he featured on an amusing radio variety show. He was well liked, well known and very vulgar. He lived in B11 and had a large dog which he would take on stage as part of his act".
He appeared in the film, "Dance With Me", alongside Anne Shelton and Max Wall. In 1955, he also appeared on the first night of ITV.
He died of cancer in March 1981, aged 58.

</doc>
<doc id="21376578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376578" title="Iwami-Fukumitsu Station">
Iwami-Fukumitsu Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376585" title="Kuromatsu Station (Shimane)">
Kuromatsu Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376591" title="Will You Still Love Me?">
Will You Still Love Me?

Will You Still Love Me? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21376593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376593" title="Asari Station (Shimane)">
Asari Station (Shimane)

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376611" title="Tsunozu Station">
Tsunozu Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376616" title="Uyagawa Station">
Uyagawa Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376617" title="Peire Pelet">
Peire Pelet

Peire Pelet (died 1303) was the "conseigneur" of Alès in the Languedoc. He was married to Delfina (Delphine), a sister of Henry II of Rodez. He is the "senher d'Alest" (the lord of Alès) referred to as a participant in the "torneyamen" "Senhe n'Enric, us reys un ric avar" along with his brother-in-law Henry and the troubadour Guiraut Riquier. 
Peire was descended from a Raymond Pelet who took part in the First Crusade. His father was Bernard Pelet, who died in September 1252, leaving his entire heritage to his eldest son, William, under the tutelage of Bernard de Barre, Guillaume de Pontils, and Jean de Bossoles. In 1253 William, with his tutors and his younger brothers, including Peire, received the homage of their father's vassals: Hugues de Melet, Pierre de Spinasson, and many others, in the presence of Pierre Gaucelin, Bérenger de la Fare, Arnaud d'Arsac, and Pierre Gaucelin de Follaquier. On the death of William without heirs Peire succeeded him. He married Delfina sometime before April 1276, when her brother released a sum of money left her by their father, Henry I: a hundred marks of silver or 5,000 "sols tournois". 
In 1274 James I of Aragon renounced the homage and oath of fealty owed by Peire for his fief since his great-great-grandfather, Bertrand Pelet, Count of Melgueil, had rendered it to James's grandfather, Alfonso II. Peire then began a war with Bérenger de Frédol, Bishop of Maguelonne, over the county of Melgueil, which at that time was helf by the bishop from the Papacy. In 1276 the combatants were brought before the episcopal court of the Archdiocese of Narbonne. Peire lost the case and was ordered to pay 1,000 "livres" in compensation. 
Joseph Angalde placed the aforementioned "torneyamen" around 1280–1, before the death of Peire, which he believed occurred in 1282; after the return of Riquier from Castile in 1279; and after the succession of Henry, whom he believed was referred to as "coms" (count) in the "torneyamen", in 1274. This dating has been revised in light of Anglade's errors (Peire died in 1303 and Henry is referred to only as "senher", lord). Since all three debaters call on the adjudication of the "coms d'Astarac", probably Bernard IV, it seems probable that the "torneyamen" dates to 1281–4, the period during which Riquier is known to have addressed several songs to the count of Astarac. 

</doc>
<doc id="21376623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376623" title="Cerkljanski Vrh">
Cerkljanski Vrh

Cerkljanski Vrh is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Krog, Zakrog, Hobovše (), and Lajše.

</doc>
<doc id="21376626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376626" title="Stockton Plateau Hydro Project">
Stockton Plateau Hydro Project

The Stockton Plateau Hydro Project is a proposed hydroelectric power station planned on the Ngakawau River in the northern section of the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
The project is being developed by Hydro Developments Limited, who applied for resource consents in December 2008 with consents granted in January 2010.
Some of the water used will be drained from the Stockton coal mine which is expected to reduce the pollution levels in the Ngakawau River.
In October 2010, Hydro Developments Limited and Solid Energy announced that they had reached an agreement on using water from the Stockton plateau for hydro-electricity and that both parties would abandon their respective Environment Court appeals of the others scheme. This agreement represented a "green light" for Hydro Developments Limited's power scheme using polluted water from the Stockton open cast mine in Buller.

</doc>
<doc id="21376632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376632" title="Hashi Station">
Hashi Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376637" title="Lee Suik-houng">
Lee Suik-houng

Lee Suik-Houng (hangul: 이석형) (born January 13, 1971) is a South Korean handball player who is currently playing for Wacker Thun in the Swiss First League of Handball.
In 1997, Lee participated in the World Men's Handball Championship held in Japan, and helped South Korea reach to the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21376639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376639" title="Haryana Land Record Information System">
Haryana Land Record Information System

HALRIS (Haryana Land Record Information System) is a Visual Basic/Microsoft SQL Server based software system used by the Haryana government for the computerisation of land records in its tehsils. It was developed by National Informatics Centre - Haryana State unit. The project was inaugurated on November 1, 2003 by Hon’ble Chief Minister Sh. Om Prakash Chautala in Sirsa District on the occasion of Haryana Day. HALRIS has been implemented in all Tehsils and subtehsils of Haryana.
Technical details.
The software has been developed and maintained by National Informatics Centre - Haryana State Unit, Chandigarh. The Software is coded in Visual Basic and the DBMS used is Microsoft SQL Server. HALRIS project is running under the technical supervision of D.I.O (District Information Officer) and D.I.A (District Information Assistant). D.I.T.S (District Information Technology Society) which is a Govt. body headed by the Deputy Commissioner has also appointed Junior Programmers on contract basis to resolve the technical errors in the software.
Achievements.
HALRIS received a Silver Icon national Award at the 8th national e-governance conference, and dynamically integrated HALRIS with HARIS (Haryana Registry Information System) received a Bronze Icon national Award at the 9th national e-governance conference.

</doc>
<doc id="21376644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376644" title="Shimokō Station">
Shimokō Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376650" title="Čeplez">
Čeplez

Čeplez is a small settlement in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21376657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376657" title="Hamada Station">
Hamada Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376660" title="Kingdom of Israel">
Kingdom of Israel

The Kingdom of Israel may refer to the historical kingdoms and historical puppet-kingdoms of Israel, including:
The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21376670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376670" title="Nishi-Hamada Station">
Nishi-Hamada Station

Layout.
The station has a side platform and two tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376680" title="Sufu Station">
Sufu Station

Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376690" title="Orii Station">
Orii Station

Layout.
The station has an Island platform and two tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376702" title="Miho-Misumi Station">
Miho-Misumi Station

Layout.
The station has a Side platform, an Island platform, and three tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376711" title="Spurzem">
Spurzem

Spurzem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21376719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376719" title="Oxygen plant">
Oxygen plant

Oxygen plants are industrial systems designed to generate oxygen. They typically use air as a feedstock and separate it from other components of air using pressure swing adsorption or membrane separation techniques. Such plants are distinct from cryogenic separation plants which separate and capture all the components of air.
Application.
Oxygen finds broad application in various technological processes and in almost all industry branches. The primary oxygen application is associated with its capability of sustaining burning process, and the powerful oxidant properties. 
Due to that, oxygen has become widely used in the metal processing, welding, cutting and brazing processes. In the chemical and petrochemical industries, as well as in the oil and gas sector oxygen is used in commercial volumes as an oxidizer in chemical reactions.
The use of oxygen in gas-flame operations, such as metal welding, cutting and brazing is one of the most significant and common applications of this gas. Oxygen allows generating high-temperature flame in welding torches thus ensuring high quality and speed of work performance.
Oxygen is heavily used in the metal industry where it helps to increase burning temperature by the production of ferrous and non-ferrous metals and significantly improve the overall process efficiency. Another important oxygen application in the metal industry is connected with its use for carbon fixation with the yield of carbon dioxide.
In the chemical and petrochemical industries, oxygen is widely used for oxidation of raw chemicals for recovery of nitric acid, ethylene oxide, propylene oxide, vinyl chloride and other important chemical compounds. 
In the oil and gas industry, oxygen finds application as a means for viscosity improvement and enhancement of oil-and-gas flow properties. Oxygen is also used for boosting production capacity of oil cracking plants, efficiency of high-octane components processing, as well as for the reduction of sulfuric deposits in refineries.
The use of oxygen in the fish farming helps increase the survival and fertility ratios and reduce the incubation period. Along with fish culture, oxygen is applied for shrimps, crabs and mussels rearing. 
In glass furnaces oxygen is effectively used for burning temperature increase and burning processes improvement.
The use of oxygen in incinerators allows to significantly increase flame temperature and eventually ensure enhanced cost efficiency and incinerators production capacity.
Adsorption technology.
Adsorption principle.
Gas separation by adsorption systems is based on the fixation of various gas mixture components by a solid substance called adsorbent. Physically, this phenomenon is brought about by the forces of gas and adsorbent molecules interaction.
Temperature and pressure influence.
The current methods of gaseous oxygen production from air with the use of adsorption technology are nearly brought to perfection. The operation of a modern oxygen adsorption plant is based on the dependence of gas intake by adsorbent on the temperature and partial pressure of a gas component.
The gas adsorption and adsorbent regeneration processes may therefore be regulated by varying of the pressure and temperature parameters.
Pressure swing adsorption.
The oxygen plant flow process is arranged in such a way that highly absorbable gas mixture components are taken in by adsorbent, while low absorbable and non-absorbable components go through the plant. Today, there exist three methods of arranging the adsorption-based air separation process with the use of swing technologies: pressure (PSA), vacuum (VSA) and mixed (VPSA) ones. In the pressure swing adsorption flow processes, oxygen is recovered under above-atmospheric pressure and regeneration is achieved under atmospheric pressure. In vacuum swing adsorption flow processes, oxygen is recovered under atmospheric pressure, and regeneration is achieved under negative pressure. The mixed systems operation combines pressure variations from positive to negative.
Adsorption oxygen plants.
The adsorption oxygen plants produce 5 to 5,000 nm3/hr of oxygen with a purity of 93-95%. These systems, designated for indoor operation, are set to effectively produce gaseous oxygen from atmospheric air.
An unquestionable advantage of adsorption-based oxygen plants is the low cost of oxygen produced in the cases where there are no rigid requirements to the product oxygen purity.
Structurally, the adsorption oxygen plant consists of several adsorbers, the compressor unit, pre-purifier unit, valve system and the plant control system.
A simple adsorber is a column filled with layers of specially selected adsorbents – granular substances preferentially adsorbing highly adsorbable components of a gas mixture. 
Where gaseous oxygen purity is required at the level of 90-95% with the capacity of up to 5,000 nm3 per hour, adsorption oxygen plants are the optimal choice. This oxygen purity may also be obtained through the use of systems based on the cryogenic technology; however, cryogenic plants are more cumbersome and complex in operation.
Membrane technology.
Innovation technology available today.
Some companies produce high-efficiency systems for oxygen production from atmospheric air with the help of membrane technology.
Membrane operation principle.
The basis of gas media separation with the use of membrane systems is the difference in velocity with which various gas mixture components permeate membrane substance. The driving force behind the gas separation process is the difference in partial pressures on different membrane sides.
Membrane cartridge.
A modern gas separation membrane used by GRASYS is no longer a flat plate, but is formed by hollow fibers. Membrane consists of a porous polymer fiber with the gas separation layer applied to its external surface. Structurally, a hollow fiber membrane is configured as a cylindrical cartridge representing a spool with specifically reeled polymer fiber.
Compressor and vacuum technologies.
Due to the membrane material high permeability for oxygen in contrast to nitrogen, the design of membrane oxygen complexes requires a special approach. Basically, there are two membrane-based oxygen production technologies: compressor and vacuum ones.
In the case of compressor technology, air is supplied into the fiber space under excess pressure, oxygen exits the membrane under slight excess pressure, and where necessary, is pressurized by booster compressor to the required pressure level. By the use of vacuum technology, a vacuum pump is used for the achievement of partial pressures difference.
Membrane oxygen plants.
Designed for indoor operation, membrane oxygen plants allow efficient air enrichment with oxygen up to the concentration of 30-45%. The complexes are rated to 5 to 5,000 nm3/hr of oxygenated air.
In the membrane oxygen plant, gas separation is achieved in the gas separation module composed of hollow-fiber membranes and representing the plant critical and high-technology unit. Apart from the gas separation unit, other important technical components are the booster compressor or vacuum pump, pre-purifier unit, and the plant control system.
The adoption of membrane systems for air enrichment purposes promises multiple oxygen savings where the oxygen concentration of 30-45% is sufficient to cover process needs. In addition to customer saving on the product oxygen cost, there is a collateral economic effect based on extremely low operating costs.
With the incorporation of the membrane technology, oxygen plants have outstanding technical characteristics. Membrane oxygen plants are highly reliable due to the absence of moving parts in the gas separation module.
The systems are very simple in operation – control of all operating parameters is carried out automatically. Because of the plants high automation degree, no constant manned attendance is required during its operation.
Membrane oxygen plants are finding increasingly broad application in various industries all over the world. With moderate requirements to oxygen purity in product - up to 30-45%, membrane systems generally prove more economically sound than adsorption and cryogenic systems. Besides, membrane plants are much simpler in operation and more reliable.

</doc>
<doc id="21376727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376727" title="Okami Station">
Okami Station

Layout.
The station has an Island platform and two tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376753" title="Kamate Station">
Kamate Station

Layout.
The station has a Side platform and two tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376778" title="Men's hammer throw world record progression">
Men's hammer throw world record progression

The following table shows progression of the world record in the men's hammer throw, as recognised by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF). The first world record in the event was recognised by the IAAF in 1913. As of June 21, 2009, 45 world records have been ratified by the IAAF in the event.
Notes.
Many sources do not give the date of Theimer's world record. It occurred in the qualifying round of the East German Championships at Erfurt (not Leipzig), which ran from the July 3–6, 1974. His record came with his very first throw, his series being (76.60m 73.62m 73.28m) which was on day two of the championships, July 4, 1974. Next day, in the championship itself, he threw 73.62m (241 ft. 6") for first place.

</doc>
<doc id="21376780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376780" title="Iwami-Tsuda Station">
Iwami-Tsuda Station

Layout.
The station has an Side platform and two tracks.
Adjacent stations.
West Japan Railway Company (JR West)

</doc>
<doc id="21376782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376782" title="Dolenji Novaki">
Dolenji Novaki

Dolenji Novaki is a village in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The Franja Partisan Hospital is located in a valley north of the settlement.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Thomas and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21376796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376796" title="Aam Aadmi">
Aam Aadmi

Aam Aadmi (Hindi: आम आदमी, Urdu: ) — literal translation: "common man" ("aam" meaning common + "admi" meaning man) — is a colloquial expression and the equivalent of "the Average Joe."
History.
Historically, the phrase has had wide populist appeal in public discourse. It has often been used to denote the masses and their interests.
In recent years the term "aam aadmi" has been used in Indian politics to denote populist sentiment similar to the "99%" slogan of the Occupy Movement. Anti-populist voices have mocked this slogan by using the intentionally absurd literal translation, "mango man" — playing on the word "aam," ( = common, = mango in Urdu; both written as आम in Hindi).
Examples of its use in the political context include:
Other usage.
The Aam Aadmi Ka Sipahi (the Common Man's Army) upholds the Right to Information Act and NREGA. The Aam Aadmi Ka Sipahi aims to popularise the UPA government's flagship programmes by the Youth Congress and train local youths in e-governance and use of computers. Youth will work at the panchayat level to facilitate the smooth functioning of NREGA and the Right to Information Act. They create awareness among the rural poor of their rights.
In 2014, the new prime minister Modi directed that Air India change its long-standing maharaja logo for one utilising "aam aadmi".

</doc>
<doc id="21376830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376830" title="Vladimir Krivchenkov">
Vladimir Krivchenkov

Vladimir Dmitrievich Krivchenkov (; 15 October 1917 - 7 October 1997) was a
Russian physicist, author and the creator of the "Deterministic concept of Quantum Mechanics". Krivchenkov also worked as a professor at the Physics Department of the Moscow State University.
Life.
Krivchenkov was born on 15 October 1917 to Dmitrii Krivchenkov and Maria Kalugina in Podolsk, Moscow Governorate. He entered the physics department of Moscow State University in 1935 and graduated as a Physicist in 1941. He worked at the Physical Military Institute on the destruction of magnetic mines from 1942 to 1944, then at the Physics department of MSU as assistant professor and later professor from 1944 to 2000.
Interpretation of Quantum mechanics.
According to Krivchenkov, the intents to "interpret" quantum mechanics in terms of classical mechanics have no more sense than interpretation of heliocentric cosmological system in terms of geocentric system. Only the old tradition forced the physicists to discuss the so-called Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics is completely deterministic systems, where any event always has a cause and any cause always has an effect. However, some quantum mechanical systems are complicated, so we have to describe them classically (quasi-classically, semi-classically, pseudo-classically, ...). Then, immediately, probability appears, because classical mechanics cannot interpret events in a deterministic way. An intermediate step is provided by the formalism of the density matrix, that allows us to keep some quantum mechanical properties in the classical description; however, such a description is not complete and it is just a compromise between the deterministic description of too complicated a system and wishes to make any (at least probabilistic) predictions. 
As an example of the superiority of quantum mechanics, Krivchenkov usually cited the 3-body problem. The 2-body Kepler problem has an analytic ("exact") solution, which is periodic. The quantum-mechanical analogy corresponds to the Hydrogen atom, which also has an analytic ("exact") solution in closed form, described with the Coulomb wave function. The addition of a third particle Helium atom still admits analytic estimates that can be performed by a 3rd-grade student. However, the classical analogy becomes so complicated that it is not even included in a university course of astronomy.
In such a way, it is classical mechanics that could in some sense be interpreted in terms of quantum mechanics (the correspondence principle). By itself, quantum mechanics is a self-consistent deterministic theory that does not need any interpretation.
Perturbation theory.
Quantum field theory is a generalization of quantum mechanics. Krivchenkov believed that people need to understand at least the non–relativistic theory. He almost asked students to excuse him for the field theory, where only perturbation theory can be offered. Not only do the perturbation theory series diverge, but each perturbational term also in some sense is infinite, and a special renormalization of the interaction constant is required to give the result the physical sense.
One of the colleagues of Krivchenkov, Yurii Shirokov tried to construct quantum field theory in terms of wave packets, without divergences, using the algebra of generalized functions, but even now this approach is not sufficiently developed. Krivchenkov told students that they are supposed to build up a "true" theory, not just a perturbation, that always gives a divergent series. This statement (dogma) applies not only to Field Theory and quantum mechanics, but to any perturbation theory with respect to any distributed system; the perturbation series always diverges. Krivchenkov had realized this and brought this knowledge to students. Many problems in his books stress this property of perturbation theory.

</doc>
<doc id="21376831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376831" title="Bez (Drôme)">
Bez (Drôme)

The Bez is a tributary to the Drôme River in the Drôme department of France. It has a drainage basin of 250 km².
Geography.
The length of the watercourse is 25.4 km. The drainage basin of the Bez rises to the east in the department of Drôme. To the north and east the basin is defined by the Vercors Plateau (elevation between 1500 and 2000 meters) and to the south by the slightly lower heights of the Diois Plateau. The bassin drains to the west, the valley of the Drôme. The Bez joins the right bank of Drôme River, in the town of Saint-Roman, about ten km upstream from the town of Die through with it eventually becomes a tributary to the Rhône River.

</doc>
<doc id="21376832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376832" title="Richard Clogg">
Richard Clogg

Richard Clogg (born 1939 at Rochdale) is a British historian.
Life.
Richard Clogg studied history at the University of Edinburgh, where he graduated as Master in 1963. From 1969 on, he was teaching modern Greek history at King's College London, first as lecturer, then reader, finally from 1988 to 1995 as professor of Balkan history. In 1995, he became senior research fellow as well as fellow of the governing board of St Antony's College, Oxford.
Work.
Clogg enjoys a reputation as one of the most important and influential specialists in modern and contemporary Greek history. His best-known work "A Concise History of Greece" (1992) set new standards in the field, was translated in several languages, and was awarded with the Runciman Award in 1993. Clogg himself was decorated with the Gold Cross of the Greek Order of Honour by the President of Greece in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21376834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376834" title="Wilfred Adams">
Wilfred Adams

Wilfred "Wilf" Adams (birth registered April→June 1934 — circa-) born in Pontefract district, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Streethouse Intermediates, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums, he died circa-2001 in his sleep while at home in Wakefield.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
""Wilf Adams - Blind-side prop: Could be the choice to step into the injured Malcolm Sampson's role at No. 10. Signed from Streethouse Intermediates 1951. Regular choice during '53/4 and '58/9 seasons, but had only made six senior appearances (this season) when Trinity recalled him for the last league match ten days ago after successful work in the Reserves"" 

</doc>
<doc id="21376846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376846" title="Gorenji Novaki">
Gorenji Novaki

Gorenji Novaki () is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Most of the ski slopes of the Cerkno Ski Resort are in the Gornji Novaki area.

</doc>
<doc id="21376847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376847" title="1976 Paris Open – Doubles">
1976 Paris Open – Doubles

Wojciech Fibak and Karl Meiler were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Tom Okker and Marty Riessen won in the final 6–2, 6–2 against Fred McNair and Sherwood Stewart.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21376851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376851" title="OOCRE">
OOCRE

OOCRE (Owner Occupied Commercial Real Estate) is typically a commercial property of one of the following types:
Unimproved land, Multifamily Homes, and Residential Income Homes are not recognized by most banks or lending institutions as OOCRE.
OOCRE is a description utilized to describe the use or utility that the owner will have with the property. Typically an operating entity (Corporations, Partnerships, LLC, etc...) will own the property with the purpose of running business operations out of it or interacting with customers in there.
Financing.
OOCRE is distinct from commercial investment property and is viewed differently. In investment properties the building generates cash flow that services the banks debt. The duration, dollar amount, and credit quality of the tenants determine in part a banks willingness to lend. In OOCRE lending the cash flow to service the bank debt is typically driven by the cash flow of the underlying business. Therefore in lieu of reviewing leases, a bank reviews the health of the business through financial analysis.
Typical Bank loan terms on an OOCRE:
References.
http://www.fdic.gov/regulations/examinations/supervisory/insights/sisum04/cre_lending.html

</doc>
<doc id="21376852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376852" title="Open Forum (Australia)">
Open Forum (Australia)

Open Forum is an Australian E-democracy site.
History.
The site was launched after a 2007 survey suggesting it would be an official government-run service. (Correction - Open Forum was always intended as an independent, non-partisan, not-for-profit project. It is an initiative of Global access Partners http://www.globalaccesspartners.org/) It subsequently launched as an online think-tank (with some support from the Australian Government, and operated by Global Access Partners. It has managed, nonetheless, to attract writing from high-profile public figures, including Federal Parliamentarians such as Tony Abbott and Tanya Plibersek.
The site was the official public online forum for the Australian 2020 Summit "inviting Australian’s from all walks of life to get involved and post their ideas"; although it was not the avenue for official submissions to the Summit.
Website.
Open Forum solicits articles and opinions from Australian policy-makers, business leaders and the general public alike.
The site claims:
It provides a platform for focused dialogue on social, political, economic, ecological and cultural issues and challenges.
The Forum is registration-based and enables participants to make connections, share their opinions and concerns, test their ideas, raise and discuss specific topics, suggest solutions and ultimately contribute to policy development and economic outcomes for government and business, as well as the democratic process in general.
Anyone can join Openforum.com.au for free. Contributions are free and unpaid. They are not immediately published. Some posts and links have been removed from posts in the past where deemed inappropriate by the Blogger-in-Chief. The current Blogger-in-Chief of Open Forum is Sally Rose. Previous Bloggers-in-chief have been Jeanne-Vida Douglas and Tamara Plakalo.

</doc>
<doc id="21376861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376861" title="Paul Roudakoff">
Paul Roudakoff

Paul P. Roudakoff (17 December 1907 – 4 December 1993) was a Lt. Colonel in the U.S. Army, serving in 1945 through 1948 as Executive Officer and Deputy Chief, and later as Chief, of the Liaison and Protocol section at OMGUS (Office of the Military Governor, United States) in Berlin, Germany. Retaining his assignment, he moved to the United States Department of State, serving through 1953.
Early years.
Paul P. Roudakoff, was born to the Russian noblesse ancienne as recorded in the imperial registers of Tver. A morganatic descendant of Catherine the Great, he was orphaned at the time of the Russian Civil War after his father, General, also named Paul Roudakoff, was wounded in battle, and his mother died of typhus five days later.
Paul Roudakoff was at school in the elite Corps des Pages, and was evacuated to the banks of the Nile in Egypt with the entire Corps by their patron, King George V of the United Kingdom, who was a first cousin to both Czar Nicholas II, and his Empress, Czarina Alexandra, and who took responsibility for the school after the assassination of his cousins.
In 1923, Paul received a Military and Arts degree from the Russian Imperial Military Academy.
His surviving sister, Irina Roudakoff (Roublon) Belotelkin, made her way more than 1,000 kilometers, alone as a 9-year-old, to relatives in Moscow where she was eventually transferred to relatives in Estonia and eventually joined her brother when he settled in the United States.
Young adult.
Paul became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1930. He attended and graduated from Hillyer Evening College (later part of chartering University of Hartford).
In the years 1924 through 1942, Paul worked as a purchasing agent, advertising manager, junior consultant, and account executive with the Life Insurance Sales Research Bureau.
Paul was a member of the Connecticut National Guard from 1928 through 1942.
He was a member of the Hartford Fencing Club, Hartford Connecticut, an enthusiasm he shared with his sister Irina; both were top performers.
Paul's classmate from the Corps des Pages, and fellow member of the Russian ancien régime, Konstantine Belotelkin, married (17 September 1942) his sister, Irina.
Paul married Borgny Bistrop (17 November 1899—July 1985) in October 1943. They had one son, Victor (14 August 1944—31 July 1979).
Service in the U.S. Army and State Department.
Between 1942 and 1946 Paul joined the U.S. Army, where he rose from the rank of 1st Lieutenant to Lt. Colonel. He served with the Chicago Signal Depot from 1942 to 1945.
He ultimately took a commission in the army, retiring as a Lt. Colonel after serving as Chief of the Liaison and Protocol Division at OMGUS in the divided city of Berlin following the Second World War. Following the end of the war, Roudakoff maintained his position at OMGUS, but transferred to civilian service (Department of State) in 1948. It was during the post-war period that Roudakoff served as the Russian interpreter for then-Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army and Military Governor Dwight D. Eisenhower’s to Marshal Georgi Zhukov, and various other military, civilian officials.
In Paul's memoir, appearing as part of "Collier's Magazine" edition on Eisenhower's meeting at the Potsdam Conference, 1945, with Marshal Zhukov (Paul is pictured with the two) he recounts translating Eisenhower's words:
He retired (FSS-2) from the Department of State in 1953.
Later years.
In later years, Roudakoff was a consultant for Pan American World Airways, RCA Corporation and Bechtel Corporation. He moved to San Francisco in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21376867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376867" title="Gorje, Cerkno">
Gorje, Cerkno

Gorje is a settlement in the hills north of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21376895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376895" title="Jagršče">
Jagršče

Jagršče is a settlement in the hills above the Idrijca Valley in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Ursula and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21376899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376899" title="1977 Paris Open">
1977 Paris Open

The 1977 Paris Open was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 9th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters). It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from October 31, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21376901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376901" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997

Slovenia competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, represented by Tanja Ribič and the song "Zbudi se" (Wake up). Ribič was the winner of the 1997 EMA contest, organised by Slovene broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTVSLO).
EMA 1997.
The 1997 EMA contest was held on 22 February, hosted by Mojca Mavec. RTV SLO invited 7 songwriters to write each two songs for the competition and open call wasn't hold. 
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision Ribic performed "Zbudi se" 6th in the running order, following Ireland and preceding Switzerland. At the close of the voting she received 60 points, placing 10th of the 25 competing entries.

</doc>
<doc id="21376907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376907" title="List of Sekirei characters">
List of Sekirei characters

The "Sekirei" manga and anime features an extensive cast of characters. The main character of the series is Minato Sahashi, a student who is trying to retake his college exams, having failed twice already. However, his life changes when he meets Musubi who, unknown to him at the time, is a Sekirei, a superpowered being who must fight with others of her kind.
Izumo Inn (North City).
The , also known as Maison Izumo, is a boarding house in which Minato and his Sekirei reside. It was built by Takehito Asama and Kaoru Seo. Miya is the current owner and landlady.
Minato Sahashi.
Minato first meets Musubi after failing his college exam for the second time while she was being attacked by other Sekireis. After her body reacts with his, she kisses him, activating her powers in the process. As a consequence of this meeting, Minato discovers that he is an "Ashikabi", a human with special genes that allows him to activate a Sekirei's powers through a process called "winging". This process also bonds the Sekirei to him and allows them to use their full power in the elimination battle. After becoming an Ashikabi, Minato is forbidden by MBI from leaving the city under the threat of facing MBI's deadly Disciplinary Squad. In the beginning of the story, Minato possesses a passive and somewhat cowardly personality. As time passes, due to the kindness and love of his Sekirei and his desire to protect them, he becomes more confident and "manly". Minato often places himself in the path of danger to spare his Sekirei from harm, and avoids situations that pose a high risk of danger to prevent his Sekirei from engaging in needless fighting. Many consider these actions cowardly, however Minato is aware that his Sekirei will have to fight to survive, and sees no reason for engaging in battle unless absolutely necessary. These actions have greatly endeared him to his Sekirei.
Before the beginning of the "Third Stage", Minato "winged" six Sekirei. The six physically reacted to him prior to winging, with the first five choosing him as their Ashikabi. Musubi, Kusano, and Matsu were winged in the game's "First Stage", and Tsukiumi, Kazehana, and Homura were winged in the "Second Stage", earning him recognition as the strongest Ashikabi in the northern part of the city. As a result, he received the title , with few using his given name as a result of Minato being falsely described as an Ashikabi with a "shady" background. Many individuals think that Minato's role is the key to foiling MBI's ultimate plans for the Sekirei. By the end of the Third Stage, Minato is seen with some advantages against the other remaining contestants as he is the only Ashikabi with two Jinki in his possession, being one stolen by Matsu and other won in battle, and for having winged the most Sekirei among the single numbers being four at total (not including Musubi who inherited the powers of Yume, another single number) while receiving guidance from Miya, who despite not participating in the Sekirei Fight, is known as the strongest Sekirei of all.
Kusano.
, commonly referred to as "Kuu-chan" or "Ku", is the youngest of Minato's Sekirei, and is also known as the by other Sekirei. At the beginning of the story, she was hiding in a botanical garden after being traumatized when Mikogami attempted to forcibly wing her. Kusano communicated with Minato telepathically and led him through the garden until he found her. Kusano refers to Minato as "Onii-chan" (big brother), and is the most attached to him. She does not like fighting or quarreling and she can be seen stopping them when they start. She is also very impressionable and often copies Musubi, Tsukiumi and Kazehana's mannerisms. She is extremely determined to be Minato's wife when she grows up, and is highly possessive of him at times, even biting her fellow sekirei when they start to get too close to him.
Kusano has the power to control plants, making them grow at an accelerated rate and to unnaturally large proportions, and typically uses them to ensnare or disable her opponents without hurting them. Her uses of various plants is highly imaginative and extremely effective. Her MBI adjustments were never completed, which is why whenever she's sad or upset, her powers rage out of control. She has a sibling-like relationship with #107 Shiina despite the fact that his power is the natural opposite of hers. In the manga, when Minato initially brought her to Izumo Inn, Miya drew and pointed a sword at Minato's face, believing that he had kidnapped her. Her name literally means "A Grass Field", and Miya's nickname for Kusano is "Adopted Child".
Matsu.
Matsu has the power to access and analyze any electronic device on a telepathic level, but does not have yet the power to control them. Her name literally means "Pine" and Miya's nickname for her is "Hentai-Glasses". Her "Jinki" (numbered #2) was a prize for the winner of the second match of the Third Stage, and is currently in the hands of the East after the winner was attacked.
Tsukiumi.
In the beginning of the series, Tsukiumi has a one-sided rivalry with Homura stemming from a defeat when they first meet. Homura always refuses a rematch saying that she should concentrate on finding her Ashikabi. Since being winged by Minato, Tsukiumi looks forward to a rematch with Homura. Tsukiumi once confided to Miya that she still wants to be the strongest, but it is so she can be with Minato forever. 
Tsukiumi has the ability to control and manipulate water, as well as the ability to gather large quantities of water out of the air. Her name literally means "Moon Sea" (not to be confused with ), and Miya's nickname for Tsukiumi is "Walking Tap". Her known attacks are , , , , , , and . Her Norito is "This water represents my pledge! Purify the evil residing in my Ashikabi!"
Kazehana.
Kazehana displays an extremely relaxed personality, preferring to spend most of her time lounging and drinking "sake", and often becomes giddy when discussing matters of love. However, when she becomes serious she displays a lot of power and lets nobody (with the exception of Minaka, Miya, and Minato) talk down to her. Kazehana knew about Uzume's secret, and while she didn't condone Uzume's actions, she understood Uzume's motivations (love for her Ashikabi). Along with Matsu, Kazehana was a member of the first Discipline Squad. Prior to meeting Minato, she had an unrequited love with Minaka, but was rejected because he loved someone else.
Kazehana has the ability to control and manipulate wind, which also grants her a limited ability of flight. Her name literally means "Wind Flower", with Miya's nickname for her being "Public Obscenity". Her "Jinki" (numbered #3) was a prize for the winner of the third match of the Third Stage and is currently in Minato's hands (which is his second "Jinki"). Her known attacks is the , , , and , and her Norito is "By the Four Winds of the contract, My Ashikabi's dark clouds will be blown away!"
Homura.
For a long time, Homura lived under the alias , and worked as a host club entertainer in an effort to find a "female Ashikabi" and few knew his real identity. Homura began reacting to Minato just before Kazehana became his fifth Sekirei, but it becomes more obvious afterward. This caused Homura a great deal of stress over his potential Ashikabi being a male. At the end of the Second Stage, it was revealed that he was the last unwinged Sekirei. Homura left the Inn to go after Minaka in order to bring an end to the Sekirei Plan. However, he was attacked by multiple Sekireis attempting to capture him. Refusing to be a trophy in Minaka's "Game", Homura attempted to commit suicide through self-immolation just before Minato and his Sekireis arrived. Refusing to let Homura sacrifice himself, Minato winged him, saving his life. Afterwards, Minato received the power to determine Homura's gender and mentality, but chooses to let Homura remain who he is for now. 
Homura has the ability to control and manipulate fire and has a habit of smoking when anxious (he lights his cigarettes with his own power). He is quite powerful, as Tsukiumi speculates him to be the strongest unwinged Sekirei prior to being winged by Minato. His name literally means "flame", referring to his element, and his known attacks are , , , and . His Norito is "These are the flames of my pledge! Burn the karma of my Ashikabi!"
Miya Asama.
It is strongly implied that Miya is the strongest Sekirei, even referred to by #4 Karasuba as "another dimension". Miya was the leader of the first Discipline Squad (known as the "S-Plan Guardians") and displayed the power to sink several large warships. She is a swordswoman of unrivaled skill, with the ability to produce powerful directed shock waves with a swing of her sword. Due to her fearsome reputation, no Ashikabi or Sekirei have dared to attack the Izumo Inn and has earned her the title . She violently conceals her true identity and past from others, with only members of the first Discipline Squad & Homura knowing the truth before she shares her secret with Minato. When Minato asked about Sekirei #01, Miya cryptically responded by saying that "she" died along with Takehito. Her "Jinki" (numbered #1) was a prize for the winner of the first match of the Third Stage and it is currently in the hands of the South. 
Mid Bio Informatics.
Mid Bio Informatics, abbreviated as , is a powerful conglomerate founded by Hiroto Minaka, with their headquarters based in . It is hinted that they are the "de facto" antagonists of the series given Minaka's plan for the Sekireis to fight each other for their survival.
Takehito Asama.
In the manga, it was revealed that Takehito died sacrificing himself to protect all the Sekireis from a failed experiment of the Jenki. Because Karasuba was the one who suggested the method for Takehito to sacrifice himself, Miya blamed Takehito's death partially on Karasuba and thus creating the tension between the two Sekireis.
Tsukiumi's Adjuster.
Tsukiumi's Adjuster is the special advisor in the MBI who is more of a mad scientist than Takehito. Tsukiumi lived with her and she referred to her as "baa-san" ("old lady"). She, like Miya and Takehito, can make a demonic facial visage and is very strict, making Tsukiumi tremble with fear every day. She is very young-looking despite her old age (stated to be 70). She made her first appearance in the Special Chapter of Volume 9, in which Minato and his Sekirei asked Tsukiumi about her. It is hinted that she may be Minato's grandmother due to her personality and age.
Discipline Squad.
The is an elite group of Sekirei in charge of preventing any Sekirei or Ashikabi to withdraw from the Sekirei Plan. The first Discipline Squad, known as the "S-Plan Guardians", was initially formed by the MBI from the first five awoken Sekirei to protect the Sekirei that have yet to mature and awaken from enemy forces. Miya was the group's leader, with Matsu, Kazehana, Karasuba, and Mutsu following her. After its break-up, the second Discipline Squad was formed, with Yume as the leader and Karasuba with the same goals. After Yume's death, the third (and current) Discipline Squad, consisting of Karasuba, Haihane, and Benitsubasa, was formed.
East City.
Sekirei.
Higa's other Sekirei include:

</doc>
<doc id="21376930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376930" title="Brian Sternberg">
Brian Sternberg

Brian Sternberg (June 21, 1943 - May 23, 2013) was a former world record holder in the Men's pole vault. He set one of his records on May 25, 1963 in Modesto, California jumping 16 feet, 7 inches using a new technology fiberglass pole. His final record of 5.08 m was set on June 7, 1963.
He graduated in 1961 from Seattle's Shoreline High School. Sternberg won the 1963 NCAA pole vault title and broke the world record in the event twice.
Five weeks after his Modesto jump, while training in Hec Edmundson Pavilion in preparation for a trip to Russia, he landed awkwardly on his neck, in the middle of the trampoline, where a spotter couldn't help, while performing a fliffus, a double somersault with a half twist. The fliffus was a routine trick for Sternberg, one he had successfully performed hundreds of times. The injury left him a quadriplegic and his doctors were concerned for his survival.
In 1996, in a successful intervention to improve his quality of life, Sternberg underwent surgery in Germany, performed by Dr. Harry Goldsmith. The operation on his spinal cord allowed Sternberg to breathe deeper and easier, to speak more clearly and in greater volume and to remain upright for longer periods, which had the effect of improving his feeling of well being.
Sternberg's unusually long life as a quadriplegic was credited in part to his athletic training and to a positive attitude. In 2012, his body's systems began to fail. He died on May 23, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21376937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376937" title="The River (1997 film)">
The River (1997 film)

The River (; Mandarin name: He liu) is a 1997 Taiwanese film directed by Tsai Ming-liang and starring Lee Kang-sheng, Miao Tien, and Lu Yi-ching. The plot centers on a family who has to deal with the son's neck pain. It has been called Tsai's "bleakest film."
Plot.
Hsiao-Kang (Lee Kang-sheng), a young man in his 20s, is going up an escalator in Taipei when he meets an old girlfriend of his (Chen Shiang-chyi). She convinces him to accompany her to a film shoot that she is working on. While eating lunch, Hsiao-Kang is spotted by the film's director (Ann Hui). The scene that they are currently shooting needs an actor, so Hsiao-Kang agrees to step in. He lies face down in the dirty Tamsui River for a few seconds, pretending to be a dead body.
After the scene is completed, he and his friend get a room in a hotel so Hsiao-Kang can take a shower. The two then have sexual intercourse. Hsiao-Kang drives home on his motorcycle and begins to feel some soreness in his neck. He eventually falls off the bike, and a man, later shown to be his father (Miao Tien), tries to help him up, but Hsiao-Kang ignores him and drives the rest of the way back.
By that night, his neck pain is even worse. He goes to his mother (Lu Yi-ching), and she rubs some lotion on him. However, the pain does not go away. The family tries different methods of healing, including acupuncture, but nothing works, and Hsiao-Kang begins to wish he were dead. Meanwhile, it is apparent that the family is fractured, with communication problems. Hsiao-Kang's father regularly visits a bathhouse and has sexual encounters with other men. The mother is having an affair with a pornographer.
Finally, Hsiao-Kang and his father travel to see a provincial healer. The healer is not able to foresee anything on their first visit, so they rent a hotel room. That night, they both go to the same bathhouse, separately. Hsiao-Kang eventually walks into his dad's room in the dark, and the two give each other handjobs.
When Hsiao-Kang's father turns the light on and sees his son, he slaps him, and Hsiao-Kang runs out. They meet back at the hotel room. The next morning, the father receives a phone call from the healer, who says that he cannot help them. The father then wakes Hsiao-Kang up and says that they're leaving. Hsiao-Kang walks out onto the hotel room balcony, while clutching his neck and grimacing in pain.
Production.
The family configuration in this film also appeared in director Tsai Ming-liang's previous film, "Rebels of the Neon God", and would appear again in "What Time Is It There?", with the same three actors. Tsai decided to incorporate neck pain into "The River" when his star actor, Lee Kang-sheng, had a similar neck problem for nine months prior to shooting Tsai's "Vive L'Amour". After "Vive L'Amour" was completed, they immediately began work on "The River".
According to Tsai, he had a difficult time convincing actor Miao Tien (who plays the father) to appear in the film. Miao was reluctant because his character was homosexual. However, he eventually agreed to take the part and ended up doing some research for it by visiting gay bars and saunas.
The film was first released in 1997 and opened in the United States in 2001.
Reception.
"The River" won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize award at the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.
Overall, it was well received by critics and has a 70% rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 10 reviews. "The New York Times'" A. O. Scott wrote that, "Whether or not "The River" is, as some critics have claimed, Mr. Tsai's masterpiece, it is an excellent introduction to his oblique narrative style, his favored themes and his careful, lyrical visual sensibility."
Critics focused on the film's themes of loneliness, alienation, and isolation, as well as the lack of dialogue and action which represented the family members' disconnect with each other. Allmovie said that: "Perhaps the most harrowing of Tsai Ming-Liang's meditations on urban isolation and communication breakdown, "The River" is a reliably demanding exponent of the Taiwanese filmmaker's cinema ... The movie trains the director's unblinking gaze on the breakdown of the nuclear family."
Critics also commented on the film's slow pace, calling it "punishing" and "difficult," but still praised Tsai Ming-liang's style of directing. According to Edward Guthmann of the "San Francisco Chronicle": "Tsai is so adept at pacing and mood, and so good at capturing a sense of yearning, that his film draws us in despite its unusually long takes and sparse cutting." A. O. Scott concluded his review with:
"film is worth waiting for. The pace of "The River" is slow, and Mr. Tsai's minimal camera movement and deliberate editing may take some getting used to, especially in an era of hectic cutting and hand-held hyperactivity. But he is one of those filmmakers whose visions, once encountered, are hard to shake, a rare director who seems, even at this late date, to be reinventing the medium and rediscovering the world."
Tsai himself said that he received a lot of criticism for "The River". He said that, in addition to some people disliking it because of the incest scene, homosexuals and feminists also disliked it for other reasons. Lee Kang-sheng's father called it a "porn movie."

</doc>
<doc id="21376942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376942" title="Bez (Midouze)">
Bez (Midouze)

The Bez (or Bès) is a right tributary to the Midouze River in the Landes, in the Southwest of France. Its name is similar to that of Baïse. The Bez has its origins in the northern Morcenx where it collects the waters of Brassenx. It joins the Midouze River in Saint-Yaguen

</doc>
<doc id="21376959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376959" title="Jazne">
Jazne

Jazne is a settlement in the hills above the Idrijca Valley in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Otalež.

</doc>
<doc id="21376979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376979" title="Downton pump">
Downton pump

The Downton pump is type of positive displacement pump patented in 1825 by Jonathan Downton. It was typically used on ships.
The design of the Downton pump sought to create a more constant flow of pumped liquid, and a steadier load-state on the pump, by increasing the number of buckets operating in the pump. These buckets were actuated by means of a rotating crankshaft and connecting rods, which caused the buckets to reciprocate up and down, with each feeding the next with liquid.
Power source.
The power source for the pump could be either mechanical or human, with human powered Downton pumps being operated by means of a capstan.

</doc>
<doc id="21376984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376984" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998

EMA 1998.
The Slovene Final was held at the RTVSLO TV Studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Mojca Mavec. The winner was chosen by televoting. 
EMA 1998 - 28 February 1998
The Winner.
Vili Resnik previously came equal 10th in the 1990 Yugoslav Final as lead singer of 'Pop Design', 5th in the 1996 Slovene Final and 6th in 1997. At the ESC he came 18th, where one of his backing singers was Karmen Stavec who would go on to represent Slovenia in ESC 2003. His pianist was Urša Vlasic who came 13th in the 1988 Yugoslav Final and equal 15th in 1990 (as Urša Drinovec). Darja Svajger represented Slovenia in 1995, while Regina did the same in 1996. Miran Rudan was a backing singer for Italy in the 1990 ESC.

</doc>
<doc id="21376985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376985" title="Francis Chan">
Francis Chan

Francis Chan (August 31, 1967) is an American preacher. He is the former teaching pastor of Cornerstone Community Church in Simi Valley, CA, a church he and his wife started in 1994. He is also the Founder and Chancellor of Eternity Bible College and author of the best-selling book, "Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God", which came out in 2009. He released his second book "Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit" in August 2009. His other works include "Erasing Hell" in 2011, "" in 2012, and the Basic Series by Francis Chan, a DVD series started in 2010. He also sits on the board of directors of Children’s Hunger Fund and World Impact.
Chan is known for speaking at major national and international events and conferences.
Cornerstone and Chan's ministry.
Chan and his wife, Lisa, founded Cornerstone in 1994 with only 30 people. Within two months, the church had grown to 100 people, and by 2000, Chan was leading a $1 million project to provide for the 1,600 member congregation. Cornerstone is now one of the largest churches in Ventura County, California.
In 2005, Francis was the featured speaker in a now international video called Stop And Think (JustStopAndThink.com) which went viral, landing in every state and 30+ countries.
Chan frequently talks about 'What the Bible is really saying' and really living our lives that way. He is not afraid of confronting lukewarmness.
On Sunday, April 18, 2010, Chan announced to his congregation that he felt called to resign at Cornerstone in Simi Valley to pursue what God had laid on his heart. As of April 2010 he stated he was not yet sure what city God had called him to, but by June 2011 stated publicly he felt called to San Francisco, CA. He moved to Northern California, and as of 2013, Francis's website said he was "working to start a church planting movement in the inner city of San Francisco and also working to launch a countrywide discipleship movement."
Biography.
Chan was born in San Francisco to native Chinese parents. His father named Chan after the city of his birth.
Francis Chan's mother died giving birth to him. After Chan's father remarried, when Chan was about 7 years old, his stepmother died in a car accident when he was 9 years old. His father remarried again when he was 10. His father then died of cancer when Chan was 12 years old. Francis Chan was then raised by his stepmother Josephine Chan along with his older sister Grace, older brother Paul and much younger half-sister, Gloria. He had family support from his father's younger sister and her husband, Marion and William Wong, along with a large extended family and church family. He did not get along well with his father growing up, but says that his fear of his father has helped him understand a level of fear of God. He also stated he didn't understand the love of God well until he became a father himself.
As a high-school and then junior-college student, Chan was active in Christian youth groups which helped develop his faith in Christ and his interest in ministry.
Before becoming a senior pastor, Francis worked for a variety of employers including Taco Bell, Mic Pizza, Kirby Company, Ralphs Market, Broadway Men's Clothing, hardwood flooring contractors, and the Acapulco restaurant.
He has a Bachelor of Arts degree from Master's College and a Master of Divinity degree from Master's Seminary.
After a three-month leave from Cornerstone, Francis said he felt convicted to sacrifice more for God. Chan gives away about 90 percent of his income, doesn't take a salary from his church, and has donated most of his book royalties, which have totaled about $2,000,000, to various charities. Much of it goes to organizations which rescue sex slaves in foreign countries." Furthermore, in 2008 it was reported that Cornerstone would give away 55% of its income to charitable causes.
Personal life.
Francis Chan is married to Lisa Chan, and they have five children—four girls and a boy.

</doc>
<doc id="21376986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21376986" title="Jesenica, Cerkno">
Jesenica, Cerkno

Jesenica is a settlement below Mount Kojca northwest of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21377017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377017" title="Daimajuu Gekitou Hagane no Oni">
Daimajuu Gekitou Hagane no Oni


</doc>
<doc id="21377019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377019" title="Labinje">
Labinje

Labinje is a village northeast of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to the Holy Spirit and belongs to the Parish of Cerkno.

</doc>
<doc id="21377036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377036" title="XMOS">
XMOS

XMOS is a fabless semiconductor company that develops multi-core multi-threaded processors designed to execute several real-time tasks, DSP, and control flow all at once.
Company history.
XMOS was founded in July 2005 by Ali Dixon (then final-year student at the University of Bristol), James Foster (former CEO of Oxford Semiconductor), Noel Hurley (formerly at ARM Holdings), David May (former chief architect of Inmos), and Hitesh Mehta (Acacia Capital Partners). It received seed funding from the University of Bristol enterprise fund, and Wyvern seed fund (formerly the Sulis Seedcorn fund).
In the autumn of 2006, XMOS secured funding from Amadeus Capital Partners, DFJ Esprit, and Foundation Capital.
The name XMOS is a loose reference to Inmos. Some concepts found in XMOS technology are part of the Transputer legacy.
XMOS' processor technology is general-purpose and has therefore been exploited in a range of different markets, including audio, LED tiles, communications, robotics and amateur innovation. This enables third parties to establish products and businesses based around the technology - and in June 2009, it was announced that venture capital firms were considering funding XMOS-related startups.
In December 2009 XMOS launched a community website, the XCore Exchange as a site to enable and encourage innovative and entrepreneurial discussion and collaboration.
Products.
XMOS has developed several core pieces of technology including a multi-threaded multi-core processor; an interconnect switch that can route messages between cores, and a link that can be used to interconnect switches and carry traffic using a transition-based protocol.
XMOS coined the term "Software Defined Silicon" to describe hardware devices that can be programmed to implement low level I/O protocols. XMOS describes its processors as "event-driven".
The technology has been embodied in the XS1-G4 XCore processor (a four-core device that can run up to 32 real time tasks), the XS1-L (single and dual core devices that can run up to 16 real time tasks), the XS1-A (ADC, and DC-DC converters), and the XS1-U (integrated USB, ADC, and DC-DC converters). Each core has up to 64 I/O pins that are under software control. The LLVM compiler and GDB have been ported to target the XCore family.
XMOS has also developed free programming tools that support C and C++ (through LLVM) and XC (a language developed to best exploit the architecture) through an XMOS-originated compiler. The programming tools are multi-platform and can be used from the command line or from an Eclipse-based GUI.
XMOS has produced a range of development kits for those wishing to develop using their processors. In November 2009, the first non-XMOS development kit using XMOS technology was released by SparkFun Electronics. It has since been retired without a replacement from this vendor.
Programming XMOS processors.
XMOS processors can be programmed using C, C++ or XC - or even native assembler. LLVM-based C and C++ compilers exist as well as an XMOS-developed XC compiler. Some of the hardware features are best exploited using the language XC - which is a subset of the C programming language extended with high-level programming constructs for explicit concurrency and timed I/O.

</doc>
<doc id="21377041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377041" title="Tver State Medical Academy">
Tver State Medical Academy

Tver State Medical Academy (Official Website: http://tvergma.ru/eng/, Russian: Тверская государственная медицинская академия, "Tverskaya gosudarstvennaya medicinskaya academiya", abbreviated TverSMA) is one of the oldest and leading educational institutions in Russia. Today it is a large research, scientific and educational center. 
History.
The history of the Tver State Medical Academy opens up in 1902 when the courses for dental students were arranged. In 1936 the Leningrad Dental Institute was founded. In 1954 by the decision of the Soviet government the Institute was transferred from Leningrad to the city of Kalinin (now Tver). 1902 – Dental School was founded in St. Petersburg by I.A. Pashutin. 1919 – The Institute of Public Dentistry was founded and led by E.N. Anderson. 1924 – the 1st Dental Laboratory was organized and led by Z.B. Pirjatinsky. 1926 – St. Petersburg Scientific Dental Polyclinic was organized. 1927 – St. Petersburg Scientific Dental Institute was founded. 1933 – Leningrad Dental Institute was founded. 
1936 – Leningrad State Dental Institute was founded. 1954 – Kalinin State Medical Institute was organized. In 1986 the Institute was awarded the Order of People’s Friendship. 1994 – Tver State Medical Academy was formed. In 1994 after the renaming of Kalinin to Tver, the Institute was also renamed and got the status of the Academy.
TverSMA Today.
The Medical Faculty is the biggest structural and functional sub-division of the Academy. The Medical Faculty is based mainly in the Regional Clinical Hospital and some its departments are affiliated to the city hospitals and maternity hospitals. 
The Pediatric faculty was opened in 1990. The Faculty trains pediatricians not only for Tver, but also for the other regions such as Tula, Bryansk, Pskov and Moscow.
TverSMA has a strong Pharmaceutical faculty. It functions in a close connection with the leading pharmaceutical corporations of Russia, which gives remarkable opportunity for its students to pass a unique practical training. Pharmacists graduated from the Faculty has already proved to be an excellent specialists with profound theoretical knowledge and efficient practical skills.
At the Faculty of postgraduate training physicians can receive specialization in obstetrics and gynecology, anesthesiology and reanimatology, ENT, ophthalmology, infections and tropical diseases, cardiology, gastroenterology, immunology and allergology, radiology and rentgenology, physiotheraphy, general surgery, oncology, psychiatry, traumatics and orthopedics, urology, pulmonology, dermatovenerology, neurology and neurosurgery, endocrinology, public health, oral and maxillofacial surgery, orthodontics, pedodontics, periodontics, oral pathology, oral medicine, prosthodontics, inplantantoology, operative dental surgery.
International Cooperation.
Tver State Medical Academy is a WHO-recognized medical establishment. It has various profound contacts in the fields of basic medical education, postgraduate training, scientific research, diagnostics, treatment and diseases prevention with many medical organizations of Russia and other countries. The international partners of the Academy are the Saarland University (Germany), Medical Academy of Lublin (Poland), Bicon (USA)DAAD (Germany), MASHAV of Israel [http://moscow.mfa.gov.il/mfm/web/main/document.asp?SubjectID=6030&MissionID=78&LanguageID=370&StatusID=0&DocumentID=-1, Russian Educational Centre (Sri Lanka) RCIE & KGE (India)[http://www.tsmaonline.ru/. main directions of international cooperation are cardiology, genetics, pediatrics, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, radiology, surgery and public health. The Academy regularly organizes international academic meetings, scientists and professors from Germany, UK, Canada, USA, Israel, India and other countries are invited to read lectures and to give practical training to the students.
The Tver State Medical Academy has trained medical specialists for foreign countries since 1962. Currently students from more than 50 countries study in Tver State Medical Academy, mainly from India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, countries of the Eastern Europe, Africa, Asia and Latin America. The approximate proportion of foreign students in the Academy is 30 percent. International students can study in Russian as well as in English Medium. Academy provides intensive Russian language course for all international students.

</doc>
<doc id="21377045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377045" title="Rick Ross">
Rick Ross

William Leonard Roberts II (born January 28, 1976), better known by his stage name Rick Ross, is an American rapper. In 2009, Ross founded the record label Maybach Music Group, on which he released his studio albums "Deeper Than Rap" (2009), "Teflon Don" (2010), "God Forgives, I Don't" (2012), and "Mastermind" (2014). Ross was also the first artist signed to Diddy's management company Ciroc Entertainment. In early 2012, MTV named Ross as the Hottest MC in the Game.
Life and career.
Early life and career beginnings.
William Leonard Roberts II was born in Coahoma County, Mississippi, and raised in Carol City, Florida. After graduating from Miami Carol City Senior High School, he later attended the historically black college Albany State University on a football scholarship. He derived his stage name from the former drug kingpin "Freeway" Rick Ross, to whom he has no connection. Ross worked as a correctional officer for 18 months between December 1995 until his resignation in June 1997.
After being signed to Suave House Records, former label for rap duo 8Ball & MJG, he eventually signed a deal with Slip-n-Slide Records, which has been under the Def Jam umbrella since 2006. While signed to Slip-n-Slide, Ross toured with fellow rapper Trick Daddy and made guest performances on other Slip-n-Slide albums.
2006–2008: "Port of Miami" and "Trilla".
His debut album "Port of Miami" was released in August 2006 and debuted at the top spot on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart, with sales at 187,000 units during the first week. Christian Hoard of "Rolling Stone" magazine predicted that it would be "the summer's biggest rap record". The second single was "Push It", which samples "Scarface (Push It to the Limit)", the theme song from the gangster film "Scarface". The music video for "Push It" was modeled after the film. During that time, Ross made guest performances on two singles from DJ Khaled's debut "Listennn... the Album": "Born-N-Raised" and "Holla at Me". "Port of Miami" received Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America on November 8, 2006.
In March 2008, his second album "Trilla" was released and, as its predecessor "Port of Miami" had, debuted at the top of the "Billboard" 200. Its lead single "Speedin'" featuring R. Kelly peaked at number 21 on the US "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles; the next one, "The Boss" featuring T-Pain peaked at number 17 on the Hot 100. The third single "Here I Am" featured Nelly and Avery Storm. MTV News ranked Ross on the fourth spot in its 2008 "Hottest MCs in the Game" list among ten rappers. The fourth single "This Is The Life" featured Trey Songz and was released in July.
2009–2010: "Deeper Than Rap" and "Teflon Don".
I look at the game and the business and all different aspects, it's a lot of great lyricists on the corner that will never properly understand the business and know how to market themselves and get in a position where they can gain capital. I look at all the strategies people use and what made them successful. What made Birdman just as relevant today after selling 50 million records? That intrigues me. To see the class of Jay-Z, his accomplishments and see how he sits backs and accurately makes his moves.
A track from the album called "Valley of Death" was what stood out to MTV reporters. In the song, Ross speaks briefly on his controversial stint as a prison guard. "Keep it trilla, nigga, never had a gun and badge," which he stresses, leaving the word that he was indeed an officer of the law. "Kept a nice watch, smoking on a hundred sack/ Back in the day I sold crack for some nice kicks/ Skippin' school, I saw my friend stabbed with an ice pick/ Can't criticize niggas trying to get jobs/ Better get smart, young brother, live yours." Later, he implies that while he was working as a corrections officer, he was on the streets. "Only lived once and I got two kids/ And for me to feed them, I'll get two gigs," he raps. "I'll shovel shit, I'll C.O./ So we can bow our heads and pray over the meatloaf." Although, he still provided no explanation for lying about being a C.O. to begin with, nor did he explain why he failed to pay child support for his children.
The cover of the May 2009 issue of XXL magazine, titled "Rick Ross Up in Smoke", featured Ross wearing a pair of Louis Vuitton sunglasses. After publication, a spokesperson for the luxury-goods maker contacted "XXL" to inform them that Ross was sporting fake sunglasses in the cover image. It was later revealed that the rapper was wearing authentic Louis Vuitton sunglasses which were altered by Jacob Bernstein, known as "The Sunglass Pimp". Bernstein defended his customizations despite Louis Vuitton's insistence that such modification and resale of trademarked property is not legal.
Rick Ross released his fourth studio album entitled "Teflon Don", which was released on July 6, 2010. The lead single is "Super High" featuring Ne-Yo. Actress Stacey Dash made an appearance in the music video. A second official single was released titled "Live Fast, Die Young" which features and is produced by Kanye West. The album debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 selling 176,000 copies in its first week.
In November 2010, rapper and frequent collaborator, Diddy, who in 2009 signed Ross to a management deal with his Ciroc Entertainment, announced from his YouTube account, that he and Ross are working on an EP together, and announced that it would likely be released in 2011. A single has been released for the project, called "Another One". However, the EP was not released in 2011 and will most likely not be released anytime soon.
2011–present: "God Forgives, I Don't" and "Mastermind".
Rick Ross performed at BET Awards 2011, which aired on June 26, 2011. He also received a nomination for Best Male Hip Hop Artist. In early 2012, Ross was named the Hottest MC in the Game.
Ross' fifth studio album, "God Forgives, I Don't", was originally scheduled to be released on December 13, 2011, though it was later delayed to July 31, 2012. He premiered two singles from the album, "You the Boss" and "I Love My Bitches", though they were not featured on the official tracklisting. Upon its release, the album charted at number eight on the UK Albums Chart and number two on the UK R&B Albums Chart, making it Ross's highest-charting album and first top 10 album in the United Kingdom. The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, with first-week sales of 218,000 copies. Ross premiered four songs: "So Sophisticated" featuring Meek Mill, "Touch'N You" featuring Usher, "Hold Me Back", and "3 Kings" featuring Dr. Dre and Jay-Z. Rick Ross was nominated by "The Source" as its "Man of the Year". 
On January 7, 2013, he revealed the title of his sixth album to be "Mastermind". The album was set to be released in 2013. The first promotional single from the album would come in the form of "Box Chevy" which was released to iTunes on February 15, 2013. The music video was filmed on April 1, 2013 and features cameos from MMG members Gunplay, Stalley and Rockie Fresh.
During 2008, it was announced that Ross was set to release a collaboration album with his long-time friend Birdman titled "The H", but after that, no information on the album was released. On May 16, 2013, Birdman and Rick Ross announced that "The H" would be released as a mixtape hosted by DJ Khaled on May 23, 2013. The project was recorded during a couple days in 2008.
On September 5, 2013, Ross premiered the first official single from "MasterMind", "No Games" featuring Future produced by J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League. The following day, it was released to Urban contemporary radio. It was followed by the singles "The Devil Is A Lie" with Jay-Z and "War Ready" with Jeezy.
Rick Ross released his sixth studio album "Mastermind" in March of 2014, the album received generally positive reviews from critics and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 chart with first week sales of 179,000 copies. As of April 8, 2014, the album has sold over 290,000 copies in the United States. In June 2014, it was announced that Ross would make a guest appearance on the docu-series "Sisterhood of Hip Hop".
Personal life.
Religion.
Rick Ross is a Christian, and in an interview with Corey "Coco Brother" Condrey on "Lift Every Voice", he indicated that "I had told myself at one point no matter what I go through, I never question God." In addition, Ross indicated that he prays every time he goes on stage to perform.
Correctional officer photos.
In July 2008, "The Smoking Gun" produced details linking Ross' social security number to an 18-month stint as a correctional officer at the South Florida Reception Center, along with a photograph first publicized by Media Take Out purporting to be Ross in his correctional officer uniform. Ross initially denied that the photograph was of him, but after overwhelming evidence of his past came into the public's eye, Ross later admitted that he did work as a correctional officer in Florida during the early 1990s. In a 2008 interview with AllHipHop.com, "Freeway" Ricky Ross claimed offense that Roberts used his name and identity when he learned that "The Smoking Gun" posted documents revealing Roberts' previous employment as a Florida correctional officer.
Seizures.
On October 14, 2011, Ross suffered two seizures in the same day, once in the morning and once again early evening. Following the morning seizure, he was unconscious and CPR was being performed. He did, however, post a video to his Twitter account later in the day saying that he was okay. Ross boarded another plane later in the day and suffered another seizure. On October 14, the University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital confirmed that Ross had been admitted to the emergency room. TMZ, who first reported the seizure, updated their story originally posted at 4:45 PST, stating that Ross was in stable condition.
Drive-by shooting.
On January 27, 2013, while celebrating his 37th birthday, Ross and his girlfriend were the targets of a drive-by shooting in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Neither Ross nor his girlfriend were hurt, but they ended up crashing their car into an apartment in an attempt to escape the shooting.
Legal issues.
In January 2008, Ross was arrested on gun and marijuana charges. During a deposition of Officer Rey Hernandez, a Miami Beach cop who arrested Ross, Ross's lawyer, Allan Zamren, asked Hernandez why Ross’s case was assigned to the gang task force. The officer stated that it was because Ross claimed affiliation with Carol City Cartel and other known gang members. Zamren then pressed Hernandez for a personal link between Ross and the gang members, but ultimately one could not be established.
In August 2008, YouTube entertainer DJ Vlad filed a lawsuit against Ross for assault and battery. Vlad claimed Ross organized an ambush on him at the 2008 Ozone Awards in Houston, Texas for asking questions about his past as a correctional officer.
On June 18, 2010, "Freeway" Ricky Ross sued Rick Ross for using his name, filing a copyright infringement lawsuit in a California Federal Court. Jay-Z had been called to testify in the lawsuit, as he was CEO of Def Jam when Ross/Roberts was signed. The reformed drug kingpin was looking for 10 million dollars in the lawsuit. Also, the release of his album, "Teflon Don", was threatened to be blocked by Freeway Ricky Ross. A week after the filing of the lawsuit, Rick Ross responded to the charges: "It’s like owning a restaurant, you’re gonna have a few slip and falls. You get lawsuits, you deal with them, and get them out your way…sometimes you lose." He then denied rumors that he would change his name to "Ricky Rozay" as a consequence of the lawsuit. The lawsuit was thrown out of court on July 3, 2010 and his album, "Teflon Don", was released on July 20 as scheduled. In 2011 the rapper Teflon Don filed a trademark infringement lawsuit against Ross for the use of the name as an album title.
On March 26, 2011, Ross was arrested in Shreveport for possession of marijuana. According to the police records, a strong odor of marijuana was detected from his room at the Hilton in Downtown Shreveport.
Controversy.
Feud with 50 Cent.
In January 2009, Ross started a feud with rapper 50 Cent because he supposedly looked at him the wrong way at the BET Awards. 50 Cent told news sources that he did not remember seeing Ross there. In late January, "Mafia Music", by Ross, leaked onto the Internet. There were several lines that seemed to diss 50 Cent. Days later, 50 Cent released "Officer Ricky (Go Head, Try Me)" in response to Ross's disparaging remarks on his "Mafia Music" song.
Before going to Venezuela, 50 Cent uploaded a video entitled "Warning Shot," wherein he stated: "Rick Ross- I'mma fuck your life up for fun." In addition, 50 Cent released the first of a series of "Officer Ricky" cartoons. Early in February, 50 Cent once again made a video which he uploaded to YouTube in which he interviewed "Tia", the mother of one of Ross's children. She verifies that he was a correctional officer and claims his whole persona is fake and fraudulent. On Thursday, February 5, 2009, Game, who 50 Cent has a long-standing "beef" with, called up Seattle R&B station KUBE. When asked about the beef between 50 Cent and Ross, Game sided with 50 Cent and said that things are not looking good for Ross. He offered to help, stating, "Rick Ross, holla at your boy, man," and, "50 eating you, boy."
On his album "Deeper Than Rap", Ross references 50 Cent in the song "In Cold Blood". A video for the song was released that portrayed 50 Cent's mock funeral. Upon release, Ross stated that he has ended 50 Cent's career. That same day Ross released a new diss track called "Push 'Em Over The Edge". The next day 50 Cent released the controversial video "A Psychic Told Me", dissing DJ Khaled. On February 12, 50 Cent responded with "Tia Told Me", along with Lloyd Banks' response "Officer Down" and Tony Yayo's "Somebody Snitched".
In an interview, 50 Cent said Ross is "Albert From "CB4". You ever seen the movie? He's Albert," he added. "It never gets worse than this. You get a guy that was a correctional officer come out and base his entire career on writing material from a drug dealer's perspective."
On January 30, 2013, 50 Cent claimed via Twitter that the drive-by shooting that Ross experienced on his birthday two days ago was "staged," reigniting the feud.
A year later, on March 28, 2014, Rick Ross was asked about his feud with 50 Cent. He stated that he doesn't wish to speak on him anymore, and that he's done with the feud.
Lyric controversy.
In a line on rapper Rocko's song "U.O.E.N.O.", Rick Ross raps the line, "Put molly all in her champagne/ She ain't even know it/ I took her home and I enjoyed that/ She ain't even know it." A petition containing 72,000 signatures was presented to Reebok, demanding they drop Ross as a spokesman for the lyrics which appeared to condone date rape. Ross has apologized for the lyrics, claiming they weren't about rape. He was dropped by Reebok on April 11, 2013. A Ross concert organized by the student association of Carleton University was cancelled after protests that his lyrics promote "rape culture". Rocko later dropped the Rick Ross verse in order to get radio play.

</doc>
<doc id="21377050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377050" title="Brassenx">
Brassenx

Brassenx was a barony of Upper Landes, in the southwest of France. Its historical capital was Arjuzanx. Its main town is now Morcenx. The etymology of Brassenx is a male Gallo-Roman name: "Braccius", plus the pre-Celtic suffix: "-incum". 
During the English occupation, Arjuzanx became the capital of the barony of Brassenx, where Edward III of England in 1338 published the laws and customs ("fors et coutumes") of Brassenx. 

</doc>
<doc id="21377064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377064" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001

Slovenia returned to the Eurovision Song Contest in 2001 with Nuša Derenda and the song "Energy (song)". The song was selected as the Slovene entry after it won the Slovene national final, EMA 2001.
EMA 2001.
The Slovene national broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTVSLO) held a national final to select the Slovene entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, held on 12 May 2001. A semi-final and a final were held on 23 and 24 February, where the winner in the final was selected by televoting, an expert jury and an RTVSLO jury.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of EMA 2001 was held on 23 February, hosted by Mojca Mavec at the RTVSLO TV Studios in Ljubljana. 22 songs competed in total, with 12 qualifiers being selected from the top 6 songs from the televoting and six jury wildcards.
Final.
The final of EMA 2001 was held on 24 February 2001 at the RTVSLO TV Studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Miša Molk, Marcel Stefancic and Mojca Mavec. The winner was again decided by televoting, an expert jury and an RTVSLO jury.
The winner was Nuša Derenda with "Ne, ni res" (No, it's not true). The winner of the televoting was Karmen Stavec with "Ostani tu" (Stay here), however only came third overall.
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision Derenda performed "Ne, ni res" in English as "Energy". On the night of the contest Derenda perform 17th in the running order, following the United Kingdom and preceding Poland. The Slovene votes were calculated through a public televote held after all songs had performed.
At the close of the voting, Slovenia, which had been one of the heavy favorites to win prior to the event, placed 7th in a field of 23, receiving 70 points. This was, and still is as of 2014, Slovenia's best place at Eurovision, along with Darja Švajger's "Prisluhni mi" from 1995. The results of Slovenia's televote showed that Estonia was the most voted song, gaining Slovenia's maximum 12 points.

</doc>
<doc id="21377066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377066" title="List of short subjects by Hollywood studio">
List of short subjects by Hollywood studio

This is a list of short subject film series released by Hollywood studios.

</doc>
<doc id="21377076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377076" title="Time to Let Go">
Time to Let Go

Time to Let Go may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21377080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377080" title="Shahid Syed Nazrul Islam College">
Shahid Syed Nazrul Islam College

Shahid Syed Nazrul Islam college is a college in Mymensingh, Bangladesh founded in 1996. The college was named after Shahid Syed Nazrul Islam, who was the temporary President in 1971 when Sheikh Mujibur Rahman had been captured by Pakistanies. The college is close to the old Bramhaputra river and Circuit house.
Academic progress.
The college has a reputation that every year its students get more GPA 5.00 than those admitted students who got GPA 5.00 in SSC.
College uniform.
For boys
For girls
Admission.
There is no admission test or interview. Students are admitted by their SSC result.

</doc>
<doc id="21377081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377081" title="United Nations Office for West Africa">
United Nations Office for West Africa

The United Nations Office for West Africa (UNOWA) was established by the United Nations Secretary-General in 2001 to enhance linkages between the United Nations and other partners in the region. United Nations Office for West Africa is an organization that focuses on the humanitarian problems in the region, such as maintaining peace and helping people cope after long conflicts and civil wars in the region. It is the first United Nation’s office that specifies on solving human rights issues in West Africa. Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah was the first head of the office. who was replaced Lamine Cissé which was in the office 2007-2008. Before that Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah who was also in the office from 2002 to 2007.The current head of UNOWA is Said Djinnit.
UNOWA remains a relatively small political mission focussing on cross-cutting and cross-border developments which actively works with ECOWAS. The organization reports its concerns to the Security Council of the United Nations;Since 2007 it has been called on to report on its activities to the United Nations Security Council every six months. For example, they raised the issue that the Islamist groups in Mali need to be intervened. Additionally, it discussed the issue of drag business in the region. During the organization’s monthly report in July 2012, it reported that 100 tons of cocaine was shipped from the Sahel which 40 percent of it went to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="21377087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377087" title="Lazec, Cerkno">
Lazec, Cerkno

Lazec is a village above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint George and belongs to the Parish of Otalež.

</doc>
<doc id="21377089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377089" title="Multisourcing">
Multisourcing

Multisourcing is the disciplined provisioning and blending of business and IT services from the optimal set of internal and external providers in the pursuit of business goals. It is also defined as a "strategy" that treats a given function, such as IT, as a portfolio of activities, some of which should be outsourced and others of which should be performed by internal staff. Although the term may apply to any business area, it is most commonly used within the context of Information Technology.
Overview.
Multisourcing, as a term, was first introduced by the market/technology research firm Gartner in 2005. Although it was recently defined, multisourcing has been practiced in the market since competitors started to produce alternatives to IBM’s datacenter products in the late 80’s. Today there’s strong focus on multisourcing as a concept, it has been covered widely by research firms like Forrester Research and Gartner.
Multisourcing has had a cautious uptake by organisations globally, but with the global downturn organisations have undertaken deeper analysis, this has seen the emergence of Multisourcing Service Providers or Service Aggregator specialists, an example in the UK being Stoneseed Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="21377090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377090" title="Swedish Defence Research Agency">
Swedish Defence Research Agency

Swedish Defence Research Agency ("Totalförsvarets forskningsinstitut", FOI) is a Swedish government agency for defence research that reports to the Ministry of Defence. It has its headquarters in Kista, Stockholm and other locations in Grindsjön south of Stockholm, Linköping and Umeå. The activities of FOI include research, development of technology and analysis, primarily for military defence, but also for civil emergency, security and other civilian applications.
In 2011, FOI employed around 950 people.
History.
FOI was created in 2001 by combining Swedish Defence Research Establishment ("Försvarets forskningsanstalt", FOA) with Swedish Institute for Aeronautic Research ("Flygtekniska försöksanstalten", FFA).
FFA had been created in 1940 in Bromma, Stockholm as a governmental research institute for the Swedish aviation industry, large parts of which were devoted to military aircraft.
FOA had been created in 1945 from three existing organisations:
Soon after FOA was created in 1945, the organisation was tasked to investigate the novel invention of nuclear weapons for the Swedish armed forces. This included both protection activities, and investigations and preparations for a possible Swedish nuclear weapon program. In the 1950s and 1960s, this constituted a considerable part of FOA's activities. After Sweden signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1968, the remaining nuclear development activities were dismantled, and only protection research remained in the nuclear area.
Initially, all FOA's divisions were located in the Stockholm region, but in the 1970s, some parts were relocated to Karlstad, Linköping and Umeå.
In the early 2000s, activities at FOI have been scaled back as a cost-saving measure. When FOI was created in 2001 from FOA and FFA, the number of employees stood at around 1,300, but in 2007, this had been reduced to around 1,000.
In 2005, several of FOI's activities in the Stockholm region were moved to a common location in Kista.

</doc>
<doc id="21377103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377103" title="William James Parke Hume">
William James Parke Hume

Lieutenant Colonel William James Parke Hume, C.M.G. was born on 25 January 1866, in Batticaloa, Ceylon. He was the son of William Walker Hume (1826 - 1897) and Henrietta Marion Kelly daughter of Luke Kelly. William married Alice Stevenson in 1903. He died in 1952.
Malayan Civil Service.
William Hume was marked as the first Federated Malay States Auditor General to replace the Chief Auditor's post in Audit Office, Kuala Lumpur. He joined the Malayan Civil Service and posted to serve the Malay States in various positions before became the British Resident of Perak; below is the list of offices he held.

</doc>
<doc id="21377104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377104" title="Greek helmet">
Greek helmet

Greek helmet may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21377116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377116" title="Endotricha pyrosalis">
Endotricha pyrosalis

Endotricha pyrosalis is a moth of the Pyralidae family. It is found in Australia and is common in Sydney and Melbourne.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="21377121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377121" title="Bush Rugby Football Union">
Bush Rugby Football Union

The Bush Rugby Football Union is a former provincial rugby union team from New Zealand, existing from 1890 - 1971.
The union was formed on 19 April 1890 at Pahiatua by the Pahiatua, Woodville and Eketahuna rugby football clubs. The original plan was to include Dannevirke and name the team "70 Mile Bush", but the Dannevirke club instead opted to remain part of Hawkes Bay
In 1971 Bush amalgamated with the Wairarapa Rugby Football Union to form Wairarapa Bush Rugby Football Union. In 1950 the Wairarapa and Bush unions put up a combined team to play the touring British Lions, losing 13-27 
Ranfurly Shield.
Bush had 7 unsuccessful challenges for the Ranfurly Shield between 1927-1968
All Blacks.
Bush had only one All Black during their existence, Athol "Tonk" Mahoney who represented New Zealand in 26 matches from 1929-1936. Mahoney also played 36 matches for the Bush union between 1927 and 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="21377128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377128" title="Helmut Klassmann">
Helmut Klassmann

Helmut Emil Friedrich Hans Klassmann (15 Maz 1914 – 25 January 1984) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II, commander of the 3rd Räumbootflottille and recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21377139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377139" title="Lorber">
Lorber

Lorber or Lorbeer is a surname with German roots ("Lorbeer" means Laurel in German).
Origin and meaning.
The name "Lorber" probably derives from the German name of the spice Bay Laurel (“Lorbeer”) and could therefore refer to an activity as a spice merchant.
Known family branches.
Nobility.
Two aristocratic families by name Lorber are mentioned by nobility directories. Although they share the same name, there seems to be no connection between these families.
Lorber (von Störchen).
The family (von) Lorber, also called "Lorber von Störchen", was found over the centuries in the City Council Bamberg and among the servants of the Prince Bishops.
The family was found up to the Secularization of the Prince-Bishopric of 1802 among the leading offices of the Bishopric and the Council of the City. The last known name carrier was Ignatz Nepomuck Lorber von Störchen (1788-1857). The street name "Lorbersgasse" in Bamberg is keeping the memory of the distinct family.
History.
These Franconian, later Bavarian noble family was mentioned the first time in 1394: A certain Clas or Niklas Lorber is known as a master chef of the Prince-Bishop Lamprecht von Brunn. The historian Konrad Arneth expressed the assumption that there may be a connection to a (still existing) farmer familybranch from Stübig. Therefore it might be possible that the name (after the spice "bay"), is associated with this task as cook.
The family remained in the service of the Prince Bishops and quickly rose through the ranks to able-bodied citizens of the city council. 1412 is Clas Lorber (perhaps the chef said) named as mayor of Bamberg.
The family seems to have come quickly to prosperity in addition to their position in the Council. 1445 the family donated a chapel dedicated to Saint Pancras of Rome. 1462 on today's "Am Kranen 14" - the former town port on the banks of the Regnitz - the "Kupferhof der Lorber" (copper-yard) was mentioned. This the copper trading post remained at least until 1635 in family ownership.
1546 Pankraz Lorber is listed as owner of the “Haus unter den Störchen” ("house among the storks") in today's "Dominikanerstraße 4". Meanwhile, this building is located in the well-known Bamberg inn, the "Schlenkerla".
Remaining for generations among the leading families of Bamberg, it was granted to the peerage at September 1, 1571 by Emperor Maximilian II. The document then lists the five surviving sons of Pankraz Lorber as the receivers of the diploma. In the course of the survey the arms of the family had been relieved. The Shield (five silver lilies on a red shield) remained, the ridge has been replaced by a coronet, which were originally silver buffalo horns in the crest now alternately red and silver divided and among them was another silver lily added.
To differentiate from other lines of bourgeois and peasant Lorber-named cousins, the family took the name "Lorber von Störchen". The epithet may refer to either the first known residents of the Austraße 33 (but of 1571 no longer inhabited by the family) or the aforementioned "Haus unter den Störchen" in the Dominkanerstraße. This property was sold in 1677 to the Dominican Order.
Michael Lorber von Störchen, a son of one of the brothers ennobled, wrote a family chronicle in 1613. The family treasures included a silver bowl "of 2 marks and 1 ounce of weight," which Michael, Pancraz and Jobst Justus Lorber decreed in her will. The bowl showed the arms of the Lorber and closely related Haller-family, and the oldest of the family should be inherited.
The Lorbers over the centuries produced many scholars, especially the lawyers and Councillors Thomas Johann Jakob Lorber of storks (1695-1734) or his son Johann Nepomuk Ignatz Christoph Lorber of storks (1725-1797).
The feud of the family were scattered across the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg. In addition to houses and fields in Bamberg, possessions were also mentioned in Zeil am Main and Scheßlitz. Last family seat was the "Lorberhof" on Jakobsplatz 15 in Bamberg. Unlike the still surviving (albeit uncommon) house name suggests, it was only a few decades in the hands of the family and is now the “Don Bosco St. Joseph's home” as a youth accommodation.
With the end of the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg and the integration of the city into the Kingdom of Bavaria in 1803, the importance of the family seems to disappear. The last known representatives of the family of storks were Ignaz Nepomuck Lorber (1788-1857), a royal Bavarian captain, who died on June 3, 1857 and his sister Elisabetha von Poschinger, born von Lorber (1790-1859). Ignaz Nepomuck describes himself, in his application for recognition of his noble title, which he addressed to the King of Bavaria, as the last male heir of his family. He and his wife Maria Karolina Kreß von Kressenstein left behind a daughter, Maria Caroline Helena, whose traces disappear after her marriage to Ferdinand Freiherr von zu Rhein 1883 in Augsburg.
Lorber von Lorberau.
The first member of the Austrian noble family Johann Niclas Lorber was elevated to the peerage in 1741. Members of the family served in the Austria-Hungarian army.
Today, no descendants of the noble Lorber branches are known.
Jewish families.
Jewish Lorbers can be found in the USA. Their name may refer to names like "Lorbeerbaum" and "Lorbeer".
Middle Class Lorbers.
Name dictionaries mention several first sources:

</doc>
<doc id="21377153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377153" title="Kenneth Rollin">
Kenneth Rollin

Kenneth "Ken" Rollin () born in Sharlston Common, is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, and Leeds, as a , or , i.e. number 6, or 7.
Playing career.
Rugby Football League Championship appearances.
Ken Rollin played in Wakefield Trinity's 3-27 defeat to Wigan in the 1959–60 Rugby Football League Championship final at Odsal Stadium, Bradford on Saturday 21 May 1960.
Challenge Cup final appearances.
Ken Rollin played and scored the fastest try ever in a Challenge Cup Final at Wembley Stadium in the 38-5 victory over Hull in the 1959–60 Challenge Cup final at Wembley Stadium on 14 May 1960.
County Cup Final Appearances.
Ken Rollin played in Wakefield Trinity's 16-10 victory over Huddersfield in the 1960–61 Yorkshire Cup final at Headingley Stadium, Leeds on 29 October 1960.
Notable Tour Match Appearances.
Ken Rollin played and scored a try in Wakefield Trinity's 17-12 victory over Australia in the tour match at Belle Vue, Wakefield on Monday 10 December 1956.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
"Outlines - Ken Rollin "The first round of a Yorkshire Cup competition is a testing occasion indeed on which to make a senior debut, but such was Ken Rollin's introduction to Trinity's first team, against Leeds at Headingley on 27 August 1955. The opposition scrum-half was international Jeff Stevenson - but Ken's display was a most satisfactory one and there was a try for him too as some reward. He went on to make twenty-four appearances in that season and has been a regular member ever since, mostly at scrum-half. Ken is one of many players who began their career in the Wakefield Schools R.L. He was a member of the Technical School teams and Wakefield City Boys' team. He joined our own Trinity Juniors side from which he was signed, at seventeen, by Trinity in April 1955. Although he was named as a reserve for the 1957 World Cup party, and has several times been named as Yorkshire County reserve half-back, he still awaits his first representative match. He was named in Yorkshire's side, alongside Keith Holliday, in 1957, but illness prevented the appearance of this Trinity partnership. In recent times he has occupied the stand-off half berth and has proved himself to be equally at home in that position. His utility value is therefore a great one and, at still only twenty-two years of age, he has much promise for Trinity's fortunes in the future. He has, behind him, the experience of 151 games for Trinity, including appearances at Wembley, in the last N.R.L Final, and in the 1956 and 1958 Yorkshire Cup finals.""
Outside Of Rugby League.
Ken was left with Aphasia (Loss of the ability to produce and/or comprehend language) following a stroke in 1999 and could say only a few words. This was a cruel blow, as before his stroke, he had been a well-known public speaker in West Yorkshire. After working with Speakability and having speech therapy, Ken's communication skills went from near zero to 70 per cent, in 2002 Ken became Chairman of the new Wakefield Speakability Group, in June 2007 Ken met with the Cherie Blair to rally support for Speakability and raise awareness of Aphasia, and in December 2008 Ken was a guest speaker at the UK Stroke Forum Conference 2008. 
He was employed in his youth in the mining department at Richard Sutcliffe Ltd near Wakefield and a member of the Association of Engineering and Shipbuilding Draughtsmen.
Ken lives in Middlestown, Wakefield, and is member of the Wakefield Chantry Rotary Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21377157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377157" title="Ike Van Zandt">
Ike Van Zandt

Charles Isaac "Ike" Van Zandt (February 1876 – September 14, 1908) was an American Major League Baseball player born in Brooklyn, New York, who played three seasons in the majors from 1901 to 1905. After his major league career, he was involved in a scandal involving possibly throwing a game for money, and committed suicide.
Career.
Van Zandt began his major league career with the New York Giants of the National League in 1901. He played in three games that season, pitching in two, and played left field in the other. He pitched a total of 12⅔ innings and had an earned run average of 7.11. He had one hit in six at bats, and scored one run.
Van Zandt's next appearance in the majors didn't occur until 1904, when he played in three games for the Chicago Cubs. He played the three games in the outfield, and did not gather a hit in 11 at-bats. Later, during the 1904 season, he returned to Nashua to play for their minor league baseball team in the New England League, from where the St. Louis Browns, of the American League, drafted him on September 1, 1904, in the Rule 5 draft.
His one season in St. Louis was where he had most of his major league experience, playing in 94 games, batted .233 in 322 at-bats, totaling 15 doubles, one triple, one home run, and scored 31 runs. This was his last major league season. He later played for minor league teams in St. Paul, Minnesota, Binghamton, New York, and Albany, New York.
Death.
Van Zandt had finished the 1908 season, playing for the Albany baseball team, when he returned to his hometown of Nashua. On September 14, he committed suicide, by shooting himself through the heart with a revolver. One possible reason for his decision was a possible involvement in a game fixing scandal that was about to be printed by a newspaper. He is interred at Woodlawn Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21377159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377159" title="France–Turkey relations">
France–Turkey relations

Franco-Turkish relations cover a long period from the 16th century to the present, starting with the alliance established between Francis I and Suleiman the Magnificent. Relations remained essentially friendly during a period of nearly three centuries, with the resumption of intense contacts from the reign of Louis XIV. Relations became more complex with the invasion of the Ottoman territory of Egypt by Napoleon I in 1798, and the dawn of the modern era.
History.
Franco-Ottoman alliance.
The Franco-Ottoman alliance, also Franco-Turkish alliance, was an alliance established in 1536 between the king of France Francis I and the Turkish sultan of the Ottoman Empire Suleiman the Magnificent. King Francis was imprisoned in Madrid when the first efforts at establishing an alliance were made. A first French mission to Suleiman seems to have been sent right after the Battle of Pavia by the mother of Francis I Louise de Savoie, but the mission was lost on its way in Bosnia. In December 1525 a second mission was sent, led by John Frangipani, which managed to reach Constantinople, the Ottoman capital, with secret letters asking for the deliverance of king Francis I and an attack on the Habsburg. Frangipani returned with an answer from Suleiman, on 6 February 1526:. Top-level strategic relations between the Ottoman Empire and the Kingdom of France started during the reigns of Süleyman the Magnificent and the Valois king Francis I in the first quarter of the 16th century, at a time when the French king was in critical need of alliance and assistance from the Ottoman Sultan. The contacts were further enhanced, especially in a commercial viewpoint, with the capitulations granted by the sultan in 1535 and starting with Jean de la Forest in that year, France had an ambassadorial representative in Turkey ever since. These privileged trading conditions were to mark the relations, both in commercial terms and beyond, till their abolition with the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, and to gradually increasing disadvantage and decreasing leverage for the Ottomans. The first Turkish representative invested with an extended period mission to the Parisian court was Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi, in the beginning of the 18th century, at a time when the Ottoman Empire sought to grasp the reasons for its loss of prominence as compared to the European powers.
The two countries have been in a state of war three times. The first time was during Napoleon's in 1798-1800. The second time was during the First World War, especially in Gallipoli campaigns where the French forces were comparatively less heavily invested than British and ANZAC troops, and the last time between 1919-1921 in the phase of the Turkish War of Independence, in what is generally termed as the Cilicia War, where the conflicts were often localized and sporadic in character, and the diplomatic pourparlers were being pursued during the very occurrence of the clashes. With the Accord of Ankara signed on 20 October 1921 between the two countries, France became the first western power to abandon the claims that had been instituted by the Treaty of Sèvres and effectively recognize the new Turkish governments based in Ankara.
Relations during the Ottoman decline.
The intensity of the contacts is demonstrated by the opening of up to forty French consulates, often focused on trade relations, in Ottoman lands in the 18th century. 
Expansion of French culture in Turkey.
French is the language associated with the Tanzimat period of reforms (1839–1876) in Turkish history. Apart from those involved in politics and diplomacy, also the authors and their immediate public during the various successive stages of modern Turkish literature overwhelmingly had the French language as their primary western reference. Its preponderance as the first foreign language acquired by members of Turkey's educated classes lasted well into the Republican era, in fact until quite recently. Although there are fewer Turks today who learn French as their sole foreign language, its knowledge is still very well represented among the intelligentsia and as such, highly valued, often considered a privilege by those who have command of it. The recently growing immigrant communities of Turkish origin, at all levels of the society, in France, Belgium, Switzerland and Canada also helped strengthen the position of the knowledge of French in Turkey, both in qualitative and quantitative terms.
Relations along Turkey's EU perspectives.
In 2004, President Jacques Chirac said that France will hold a referendum on Turkey's entry into the EU when the issue arises, and any further EU enlargement will also be subject to a popular vote.
In 2007, French President Nicolas Sarkozy stated that "Turkey has no place inside the European Union." Sarkozy continued, "I want to say that Europe must give itself borders, that not all countries have a vocation to become members of Europe, beginning with Turkey which has no place inside the European Union." 
Trade.
With the open market conditions ("for industrial products") set off with the EU-Turkey Customs Union starting in 1996, trade figures between France and Turkey were boosted by two and a half fold during the ensuing five years, reaching 5.8 billion Dollars in 2000, and with France registering a clear surplus. Turkey became France's third largest trade partner outside the EU and France became Turkey's third largest partner overall. The loss of impetus caused by the late 2000 and early 2001 financial breakdowns in Turkey were already compensated for in 2002.
Until recently, Turkey still attracted a modest share in global foreign direct investment trends, although France and her household brand names were markedly present in this share since the 1960s. French FDI stepped up as of the second half of the 1980s in a move checked temporarily by the same financial crises of 2000-2001. In the period 1980-2000, France was cumulatively the first foreign investor in Turkey, investing 5.6 billion Dollars in value. In 2003, according to the Turkish Treasury, there were 270 French enterprises in Turkey, corresponding to significant market shares in automotive, construction —especially for the production of electricity—, cement, insurance, distribution and pharmaceutical industries.
Armenian Genocide.
Following approval of a French bill on 22 December 2011 that would make denial of Armenian genocide a crime punishable by one-year prison sentence and a fine of €45,000 (about $61,387), the Turkish government froze bilateral relations and political meetings with France. Turkey also cancelled permission for French warships to dock and French military planes to land in Turkey, and every French military plane would have to request permission for every flight in order to use Turkish airspace. The Turkish government had previously warned the French government that passage of the bill in the senate, whereupon it would become law, would irreparably damage bilateral relations.
Because Turkey cut off access to its airspace and sea lanes to French forces, France has had to deal with a military logistics problem, and found it difficult to get its troops to and from Afghanistan, since any other route was deemed both risky and "too costly", according to the French Defence Minister Gerard Longuet.
Subsequently, the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has accused France of genocide of Algerians during the French colonial era.
On 28 February 2012, France’s Constitutional Council ruled that the new law is unconstitutional. The decision by France’s highest legal authority invalidated the law. France’s Constitutional Council, in deeming the bill unconstitutional, “gave a lesson in law to the French politicians who signed the bill, which was an example of absurdity,” Turkey’s Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said in a message. “This decision has averted a potentially serious crisis in Turkish-French ties.” He added.

</doc>
<doc id="21377174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377174" title="Sébastien Tillous-Borde">
Sébastien Tillous-Borde

Sébastien Tillous-Borde (born 29 April 1985) is a French rugby union player. He plays scrum-half for his club rugby with Castres Olympique after signing from RC Toulonnais in 2011. He won his first international cap for France against Australia in 2008. In May 2013 he started as Toulon won the 2013 Heineken Cup Final by 16–15 against Clermont Auvergne.

</doc>
<doc id="21377175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377175" title="Bedugul">
Bedugul

Bedugul is a mountain lake resort area in Bali, Indonesia, located in the centre-north region of the island near Lake Bratan on the road between Denpasar and Singaraja. Bedugul is located in the Tabanan Regency, at north of the city of Denpasar. Other nearby lakes are Lake Buyan, and Lake Tamblingan.
Bedugul enjoys a mild mountain weather due to its location at an altitude of about above the sea level.
Major sites in Bedugul are the Pura Ulun Danu Bratan water temple and the Eka Karya Botanic Gardens. The Botanic Garden, opened in 1959. With a total area of is the largest in Indonesia.
Eka Karya Botanic Garden.
The Eka Karya Botanic Garden was established under the auspices of Indonesia's first president, Sukarno, on July 15, 1959. It is located on 157.5 hectars land ranging 1,250 meters to 1,450 meters above sea level with 2,000 species of plants and 20,000 plant specimens ranging from orchids, roses and medicinal plants to palms and Cyatheas. It also has a stunning view of Buyan Lake.
The Eka Karya Botanical Garden has won the Cipta Pesona Award 2011 from the Culture and Tourism Ministry in recognition of natural tourist attractions, cultural tourist attractions and artificial tourist attractions.
Geothermal fields.
Exploration of the Bedugul Geothermal Field started in 1974, as part of a New Zealand bilateral aid project. Exploration was continued by Pertamina from 1978 until 1987. In 1994 Bali Energy, a joint venture between California Energy and a local company, signed a joint operation contract with Pertamina to develop a 4x55 MW geothermal power plant. In 2008, the estimated power production capacity of 175 MW corresponded to about half of the whole island's electricity needs. However the project was put on hold, after being opposed by local residents, who feared that it could damage a sacred area and affect water supplies from the nearby lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21377178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377178" title="Numark Pro TT-2">
Numark Pro TT-2

The Numark Pro TT-2, Pro TT-1 and the TT-100 series was Numark's high end DJ turntables during the very end of the 90's and early 2000's. They were only in production for a few years. It was heard that these were the first early versions of the "Super OEM" turntables made by Hanpin. No other brand released this type of turntable design. It seems these were an exclusive design and build for Numark only. Built by the Hanpin Audio Corp of Taiwan. These were the first turntables to offer an 12 segment LCD screen. The TT-100 didn't have the LCD as an option being the base model of the line. After the initial launch the units received mixed reviews. Most realized its many flaws very quickly. Although these were Numark's best turntables to date. They were not built the way the famous Technics 1200's were. The tonearms on the PRO TT series are the same MASS produced tonearms you find on today's DJ turntables. The tonearms are not properly calibrated and are not completely aligned with the platter. Although they can be tweaked and adjusted to perform well for the money. Scratching works well as long as properly configured and tweaked. Another issue with these models was the pitch system was not calibrated correctly. Although not off by much they can be calibrated with the adjustment holes on the bottom side with a screw driver (only later models). Some found the LCD screen useless since the pitch value showed was not correct in most cases. The PRO TT-100 is the same as the PRO TT-1 & TT-2 except the unit was only available in a gloss black finish and no LCD screen plus the tonearm didn't have the height adjustment. The PRO TT-1 is the same as the PRO TT-2 except the tonearm on the TT-1 is all black and has slightly more plastic pieces. Also the PRO TT-1's pitch range was only up to +/− 10%. Numark later released the PRO TT-1+ which now included the pitch range of +/− 10 & 20%. Also the PRO TT-1 was always slightly lighter than the PRO TT-2 models. Also between the PRO TT models, some were released with out the platter speed (pitch) output but all retained the usual "REMOTE START/STOP" option. The PRO TT line's plinth is made of a slightly heavy metal plate. All PRO TT models are dual voltage, contain the same direct drive motor and internal guts.
The PRO TT series had an MSRP range of $299 (TT-100), $499 (PRO TT-1/PRO TT-1+) and $599 (PRO TT-2). Before the PRO TT series was phased out due to the next generation of Numark turntables that was in the making and cause of radio interference problems that were reported. Numark released CHROME limited edition finishes for the PRO TT-1+ & PRO TT-2. It was heard that some of the LTD version even had BLUE LED lights. Numark also released a very rare MX edition for the PRO TT-2 which came in a gloss all black finish like the TT-100. These turntables are very hard to find these days. Some people who knew about these rare units try to find them here and there. Some sale online in a range from poor to excellent condition at $99–$400. Depending on the condition and where it is being sold. Almost impossible to find these units "new". There are a few successors of this model.
The current turntable on the market right now that is a direct descendant of the PRO TT series is the Audio Technica AT-PL120 (Non-AMP) & the AT-LP120USB. There are a few turntables on the market in different regions of the world that are connected to the PRO TT series like the AT-LP120USB. They are under different brand names and colors of the units also differ. The tonearms are the same and also the dust cover hinges and most internal wiring are the same. The only updates were mainly given to the direct drive motor which also affected the platters center hole design. 

</doc>
<doc id="21377216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377216" title="Port of Limón">
Port of Limón

The Port Terminal of Limón (Spanish: "Terminal Portuaria de Limón"), adjacent to the city of Limón, is one of the seaports in the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica.
The port was officially established in 1852, during the government of Juan Rafael Mora Porras, but it was not linked to the capital, San José, or to the rest of the country until the 1890s, when the construction of the railroad to the Atlantic was finished by the United States businessman Minor C. Keith.

</doc>
<doc id="21377235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377235" title="Langensee">
Langensee

Langensee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21377237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377237" title="The Queen's Nose (TV series)">
The Queen's Nose (TV series)

"The Queen's Nose" is 1995 BBC television series, it was originally adapted from the novel The Queen's Nose written by Dick King-Smith and ran for seven series.
The book.
The book by Dick King Smith features the story of Harmony Parker, a 10 year old girl who wants an animal of her own but is not allowed by her parents who think they are dirty. Harmony has a 15 year old sister, Melody who spends most of her time looking in a mirror. Harmony's best friend is a toy dog, Rex Ruff Monty.
Harmony believes animals are more interesting than humans and so the people she meets she pictures as animals. Her father is a Sea Lion, her mother is a Pouter Pigeon and her sister is a Siamese cat.
She receives a magic coin from her Uncle Ginger that grants her seven wishes.
The television series.
The novels were adapted into three television series by the BBC which were broadcast during the CBBC slot between 1995 and 1998. The stories remained faithful to the book, with the same ten wishes being granted upon rubbing the coin. The first series won the Royal Television Society 1996 award for best Children's Drama,
and the third series winning the Indie Awards 1999 prize for Digital Cinematography.
In 2000, the BBC revived the series with new stories, but without the main character Harmony, with a further four series being made between 2000 and 2003. Many viewers felt that the departure from the novels and the loss of the main character, played by Victoria Shalet, diminished the series. The later series did however still feature other members of the Parker family in various roles. Harmony's sister Melody, played by Heather-Jay Jones, stayed on until the penultimate series. As of 2010, The Queen's Nose was no longer repeated on the CBBC Channel.
"The Queen's Nose" has also been broadcast in Germany, under the name "Die Magische Münze" (The Magic Coin).

</doc>
<doc id="21377247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377247" title="Laznica, Cerkno">
Laznica, Cerkno

Laznica is a small settlement in the hills north of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21377251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377251" title="United States presidential election, 2016">
United States presidential election, 2016

The United States presidential election of 2016 will be the 58th quadrennial U.S. presidential election and is scheduled for Tuesday, November 8, 2016. Voters in the election will select Presidential electors, who in turn will elect the 45th President and the 48th Vice President of the United States. The incumbent president, Barack Obama, is ineligible to be elected to a third term due to term limits in the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Candidates.
The following notable individuals filed with the Federal Election Commission to run for President of the United States in 2016, and/or have expressed to the media that they are running. (Although these individuals are notable, that notability does not necessarily equate with viability as a candidate.)
Potential candidates.
The individuals listed below have been identified by reliable sources as potential 2016 presidential candidates. they have done one or more of the following: expressed an intention to run, expressed an interest in running, and/or been the focus of media speculation in at least two reliable sources within the past six months. They are listed alphabetically by surname.
Party conventions.
The following  are cities in which officials have expressed interest in bidding to host the major party nominating conventions:
In June 2014, the Democratic National Committee narrowed the list of candidates to six finalists, and is expected to make a final decision in late 2014 or early 2015, leaving the following cities in contention:
The Republican National Committee announced in June 2014 that the following two cities are the finalists for hosting the party's 2016 convention

</doc>
<doc id="21377258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377258" title="Donato LaRossa">
Donato LaRossa

Donato D. LaRossa (born 1941) is a medical doctor and Professor Emeritus of Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
Career.
LaRossa was born in New Jersey in 1941. He received his A.B. from Seton Hall University in 1963 and his M.D. from Georgetown University School of Medicine in 1967. LaRossa began his career at Penn in 1976 when he was appointed assistant professor of surgery. Before Penn, LaRossa served in the U.S. Army and was also an instructor at the University of Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="21377272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377272" title="Pierre Careau">
Pierre Careau

Pierre Careau (October 1786 – July 15, 1856) was a farmer and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Rouville in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1833 to 1838 as a supporter of the Parti patriote. His surname also appears as Carreau.
He was born in Saint-Mathias, Quebec, the son of Joseph Careau and Dorothée Loisel. Careau married Victoire Tétrau in 1804. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1833 by-election held after the death of François Rainville. Careau voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. He died at Sainte-Marie-de-Monnoir at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="21377293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377293" title="Environmental engineering science">
Environmental engineering science

Environmental engineering science (EES) is a multidisciplinary field of engineering science that combines the biological, chemical and physical sciences with the field of engineering. This major traditionally requires the student to take many basic engineering classes in fields such as thermodynamics, advanced math, computer modeling and simulation as well as technical classes in subjects such as statics, mechanics, hydrology, and fluid dynamics. As the student progresses, the upper division elective classes define a specific field of study for the student with a choice in a wide range of science, technology and engineering related classes.
Difference with related fields.
As a recently created program, environmental engineering science has not yet been incorporated into the terminology found among environmentally focused professionals . It should be noted in the few engineering colleges that offer this major, the curriculum shares more classes in common with environmental engineering than it does with environmental science. Typically, EES students follow a similar course curriculum with environmental engineers until their fields diverge during the last year of college. While, a majority of the environmental engineering students must take classes designed to connect their knowledge of the environment to modern building materials and construction methods. This is meant to steer the environmental engineer into a field where they will more than likely assist in building treatment facilities, preparing environmental impact assessments or helping to mitigate air pollution from specific point sources.
Meanwhile, the environmental engineering science student will choose a direction for their career. From the wide range of electives they have to choose from, these students can move into a wide range of fields in anything from the design of nuclear storage facilities, bacterial bioreactors or environmental policies. With this in mind, it is important to note that these students combine the practical design background of an engineer with the detailed theory found in many of the biological and physical sciences. In other words, these students have the capabilities to imagine, design and build ideas from many interconnected disciplines concerned with the healthy fate of our environment.
Description at universities.
UC Berkeley.
The College of Engineering at UC Berkeley defines Environmental Engineering Science as follows
This is a multidisciplinary field requiring an integration of physical, chemical and biological principles with engineering analysis for environmental protection and restoration. The program incorporates courses from many departments on campus to create a discipline that is rigorously based in science and engineering, while addressing a wide variety of environmental issues. Although an environmental engineering option exists within the civil engineering major, the engineering science curriculum provides a more broadly based foundation in the sciences than is possible in civil engineering. This major prepares the student for a career or graduate study in many environmental areas.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
At MIT, the major is described in their curriculum and says
The Bachelor of Science in Environmental Engineering Science emphasizes the fundamental physical, chemical, and biological processes necessary for understanding the interactions between man and the environment. Issues considered include the provision of clean and reliable water supplies, flood forecasting and protection, development of renewable and nonrenewable energy sources, causes and implications of climate change, and the impact of human activities on natural cycles. Both programs provide awareness of the 
sociopolitical context in which civil and environmental engineering problems are solved. Premedical students may satisfy medical school
Lower division coursework.
Lower division coursework in this field requires the student to take several laboratory-based classes in calculus-based physics, chemistry, biology, programming and analysis. This is intended to give the student background information in order to introduce them to the engineering fields as well as prepare them for more technical information in their upper division coursework.
Upper division coursework.
The upper division classes in Environmental Engineering Science prepares the student for work in the fields of engineering and science with coursework in (but not limited to) the following subjects
Electives.
Process engineering.
On this track, students are introduced to the fundamental reaction mechanisms in the field of chemical and biochemical engineering. See also Process engineering
Resource engineering.
For this track, students are encouraged to take classes introducing them to various ways to conserve natural resources. This can include but is not limited to classes in water chemistry, sanitation, combustion, air pollution and radioactive waste management.
Geoengineering.
This gives the student an in-depth look at geoengineering.
Ecology.
Prepares the students for using their engineering and scientific know how to solve the interactions between plants, animals and the biosphere. See also Ecology
Biology.
Gives the environmental engineering science student a more advanced knowledge of microbial, molecular and cell biology. Classes can include cell biology, virology, microbial and plant biology
Policy.
Gives the students a more rigorous look at ways improve our environment through political means. This is done by introducing students to both qualitative and quantitative tools in classes such as economics, sociology, political science as well as energy and resources.
Post graduation work.
The multidisciplinary approach in Environmental Engineering Science gives the student expertise in a wide variety of technical fields related to their own personal interest. While many graduates choose to use this major to go to graduate school, students who choose to work often go into the fields of civil and environmental engineering, biotechnology, and research. However, the less technical math, programming and writing background gives the students opportunities to pursue IT work and technical writing.
References.
"MIT Course Catalog: Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering." Massachusetts Institute of Technology. <http://web.mit.edu/catalogue/degre.engin.civil.shtml>.
2008-2009 Announcement. Brochure. Berkeley, 2008. Engineering Announcement 2008-2009. University of California, Berkeley. <http://coe.berkeley.edu/students/EngAnn08.pdf>.

</doc>
<doc id="21377295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377295" title="Ben Turner (actor)">
Ben Turner (actor)

Ben Turner (born 3 February 1980) is a British Iranian actor, most notable for his roles as nurse Jay Faldren from Series 23 Episode 8 until Series 26 Episode 16 on BBC's "Casualty" and Louis XV in "Doctor Who".
Life and career.
Turner was born in London. He was educated at Dulwich College, well known for its pedigree of actors including the founder Edward Alleyn. He then trained as an actor at Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Ben has appeared in many productions in television, film, theatre and radio, including Michael Grandage's production of Richard II.
He has also appeared in several charity shows such as Children in Need, 2009 in the Casualty special as Staff Nurse Jay Faldren and also Lets Dance for Sport Relief 2010.
Ben appeared in the first of the live shows along with Casualty's Charles Dale (Big Mac) and Tony Marshall (Noel Garcia) as well as Holby City's Rosie Marcel (Jac Naylor) and Luke Roberts (Joseph Byrne). He left "Casualty" in December 2011, along with co-star Georgia Taylor, who played his main love interest in the show.
Following his extensive stage experience Ben took on ""without doubt the biggest challenge I've had professionally"" appearing in the stage production of "The Kite Runner", which had its European premiere at Nottingham Playhouse in April 2013 as main role Amir.
Role in "WPC 56".
Ben joined the cast of "WPC 56", in the regular lead role DI Max Harper, in Series 2, which was shown by the BBC in February 2014.
External links.
Ben's Representing Agent is DEBI ALLEN ASSOCIATES

</doc>
<doc id="21377300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377300" title="Hilary Jastak">
Hilary Jastak

Hilary Jastak (born March 3, 1914 in Kościerzyna – died January 17, 2000 in Gdynia) – Polish Catholic priest prelate, Doctor of Theology, Chaplain of Solidarity movement, Major of Polish Armed Forces, Lieutenant Commander of Polish Navy.
In 1934, Jastak entered the Seminary in Pelplin. On June 7, 1941 in Warsaw, he was ordained as a priest by the Archbishop of Warsaw, Stanisław Gall. During the World War II, Jastak was vicar in Lubania, Józefów, Goszczyno (where he joined the Armia Krajowa), Sulejów, Strachówko, Gołubie and Pogódki.
In 1946, Jastak became the Chaplain of Caritas in Gdynia. On July 1949, Jastak became the provost of the newly created parish of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Gdynia, with whom he was associated until his death. In 1966, Jastak completed the construction of the new church.
During Polish 1970 protests, Jastak actively supported families of people killed in street battles. Ten years later, during the Strike on the Coast (August 1980), at the request of the shipyard he celebrated Mass at the Gdynia shipyard. During the Martial law in Poland, Jastak actively supported the resistance movement and helped the imprisoned.
In 1991, Jastak created the Aid Scholarship Foundation, whose purpose is to promote talented young people from poor families.
Jastak is Honorary Citizen of Gdynia (1991) and Kościerzyna (1999). He was also awarded the Commander's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
He died in 2000 in Gdynia, and was buried at the Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, in which he was provost for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="21377323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377323" title="United States Endurance Racing Association">
United States Endurance Racing Association

The United States Endurance Racing Association (USERA) is a road racing sanctioning body that conducts endurance and sprint race events in the United States and Canada. The USERA Endurance Championship was established in 2006 as a low cost, professional endurance championship for drivers looking to move beyond regional and club racing programs.
The USERA Endurance Championship was initially run with spec Mazda Miata sports cars and there were 6 race events held in 2006. At the end of 2006, the series was expanded to include the Spec Racer Challenge as a series for SCCA Enterprises Spec Racer Fords. There were two events held in 2007. No events were sanctioned in 2008. In 2009 USERA sanctioned a double race weekend for the Spec Racer Challenge at Lime Rock Park. USERA also added Formula USERA as a supporting race at Lime Rock in 2009.
In 2010 USERA attempted to create the American Touring Car Championship (ATCC). ATCC was designed for near stock touring cars using standing starts common to European-style touring car racing. The series failed to gain support so no ATTC events were hosted. USERA also promoted and operating the 25th Anniversary Spec Racer Ford Celebration event at Road Atlanta, which celebrated the 25th anniversary for the Spec Racer Ford.
Type of Cars.
The United States Endurance Racing Association, or USERA, sanctions sports car road racing events in North America. There are three main series that have been sanctioned by USERA, including the USERA Spec Racer Challenge, the Formula USERA and the USERA Endurance Championship. The USERA Endurance Championship has been conducted with two spec series cars. The first was the Mazda Miata built to club racing "Spec Miata" specifications. The second was the SCCA's Spec Racer Ford purpose built sports racer. The Spec Racer Ford is also used in the USERA Spec Racer Challenge series.
Formula USERA is designed for open wheel road race cars built to club racing specifications including cars from SCCA Formula Enterprises (FE), Formula Continental (FC), Formula Mazda (FM) and Formula BMW (FB). Unlike in club racing events, for Formula USERA, all cars run together for the overall race victory, making Formula USERA a rarity today where cars from different manufacturers with different engines are competing for a single championship.
Latest Season.
The USERA Spec Racer Challenge and Formula USERA ran as supporting race events for the NASCAR Camping World Series on August 14–15, 2009 at Lime Rock Park.
No ATTC or USERA Endurance Championship events were run in 2008 or 2009.
In 2010 USERA sanctioned and hosted two races. The first was the 10th Anniversary Celebration for the SCCA Spec Racer Fords at Road Atlanta. This became the largest single gathering of Spec Racer Fords to date. The second was a Spec Racer Ford event at Lime Rock Park.
Endurance Race Format.
The endurance races are typically three hours in length, and on many race weekends there are double races, with one race on Saturday afternoon and the second on Sunday afternoon. One night race was run at Nashville Superspeedway, and the format of that event was altered slightly to run two one-hour "sprint races", with a 20-minute break in the middle.
Sprint Race Format.
The print races are typically 30 to 60 minutes in length and on many race weekends, there are double races, with one race on Saturday afternoon and the second on Sunday afternoon.
Points System.
Drivers and Teams each season championship points based on their finishing position. Points are awarded to the top forty drivers in each race. Extra point are awarded to the driver who wins the pole position, leads a race lap and leads the most laps.
Previous Champions.
Currently, the driver's championship is awarded per season. The overall driver's championship is the driver gaining the most points overall throughout the season. There have been three USERA Endurance Champions. Chris Puskar and David Daugherty shared the inaugural 2006 Driver's Championship co-driving the Puskar Motorsports Spec Miata entry. In 2007, Herb Sweeney IV won the Driver's Championship in the abbreviated Spec Racer Championship. In 2009 Lee McNeish won a pair of special USERA Spec Racer Challenge races held at Lime Rock Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21377347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377347" title="1977 Paris Open – Singles">
1977 Paris Open – Singles

Eddie Dibbs was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Corrado Barazzutti won in the final 7–6, 7–6, 6–7, 3–6, 6–4 against Brian Gottfried.
Seeds.
Text in italics indicates the round seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21377354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377354" title="Lac Bleu">
Lac Bleu

Lac Bleu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21377365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377365" title="Orehek, Cerkno">
Orehek, Cerkno

Orehek is a dispersed settlement below Mount Kojca west of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Ubald and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21377382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377382" title="Bulldog Brower">
Bulldog Brower

Richard Gland (September 17, 1933–September 15, 1997) was an American professional wrestler who used the ring name Dick "Bulldog" Brower.
Professional wrestling career.
Gland started his career in the Delaware territory in the late 1950s under the ring name the Delaware Destroyer. In 1961, Brower traveled to Canada to wrestle for Stu Hart in his wrestling promotion Stampede Wrestling. After his run in Stampede Wrestling, Brower wrestled for Frank Tunney in Toronto. There, Brower won the NWA International Tag Team Championship (Toronto version) five times.
Brower then traveled to Puerto Rico, where he competed for the World Wrestling Council (WWC). In WWC, he won the NWA North American Tag Team Championship (Puerto Rico/WWC version).
Brower also wrestled for National Wrestling Federation (NWF), where he won the NWF North American Heavyweight Championship. Brower went on to wrestle for another wrestling promotion this time World Championship Wrestling (Australia) where he won the NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship. He wrestled for the short-lived International Wrestling Alliance (1974-1975, New York City area) where he was recognized as North American Champion.
After his run in the NWF, Brower got a call from Vincent J. McMahon to come and be a heel in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF).
He retired from professional wrestling in the late 1980s. During his career Brower faced wrestlers such as Bruno Sammartino, Johnny Valentine, Mil Máscaras, Tiger Jeet Singh, Bob Backlund, Whipper Watson, The Sheik, The Fabulous Kangaroos, Johnny Powers, Spiros Arion, Bobby Duncum, Sr., and Ernie Ladd.
Personal life.
Gland dropped out of chiropractic school to pursue a career as a professional wrestler.
After living with diabetes, Gland died in September 1997 from complications from hip surgery. At the time of his death, Gland was married to Susan and had two daughters and a son, as well as four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21377395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377395" title="Otalež">
Otalež

Otalež is a village in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Catherine and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21377397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377397" title="List of Your Song episodes">
List of Your Song episodes

"Your Song" is a musical anthology program broadcast by ABS-CBN in the Philippines.
Year 1.
Season 2.
The May 14, 2006 episode of Your Song was a special screening for Bituing Walang Ningning (see Specials below). It is therefore not listed in this table as a regular episode of this series.
Year 3.
As an opening salvo of its third year, there is a new version of Your Song, ABS-CBN's anthology show featuring stories based on chosen love songs. Each story arc will now be shown for a whole month changing parts with Love Spell that'll have a weekly episode.
Year 4.
Season 12.
Starting season twelve, "Your Song" is featuring artists in several different episodes, which will feature artist acting in different characters. Therefore, each episode will have a different story each week. Each artist will have a minimum of eight episode, although with the high ratings of "Your Song Presents: Kim" it was extended to more than the minimum. Again, Kim Chiu receives high ratings on her "Your Song" episodes, just like the past seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="21377404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377404" title="DWET">
DWET

DWET may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21377414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377414" title="Planina pri Cerknem">
Planina pri Cerknem

Planina pri Cerknem () is a village in the hills east of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Planina" to "Planina pri Cerknem" in 1955.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to John the Baptist and belongs to the Parish of Cerkno.
Other cultural heritage.
On the road to Čeplez there is a Partisan monument consisting of two pieces of concrete linked by four wooden beams. The concrete element to the left bears a plaque with the names of the fallen and a dedication. The monument was designed by J. Bizjak and was unveiled on 6 May 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21377415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377415" title="Jean-François-Joseph Duval">
Jean-François-Joseph Duval

Jean-François-Joseph Duval (July 17, 1802 – May 6, 1881) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Quebec. He represented Quebec Upper Town in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1829 to 1834.
He was born in Quebec City, the son of François Duval and Ann Eliza Germain. Duval was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Québec, studied law with George Vanfelson and then Joseph-Rémi Vallières de Saint-Réal, and was admitted to the bar in 1823, entering practice with Vallières de Saint-Réal. He was named King's Counsel in 1835. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1829 by-election held after his associate Vallières de Saint-Réal was named a judge. Duval voted against the Ninety-Two Resolutions. In 1839, he was named assistant judge in the Court of King's Bench following the suspension of Elzéar Bédard and Philippe Panet. Duval married Adélaïde Dubuc in 1849. In 1852, he was named judge in the Quebec Superior Court and, in 1855, in the Court of Queen's Bench. In 1864, he was named chief justice in the Court of Queen's Bench, serving until 1874. Duval died at Quebec at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="21377419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377419" title="Robinson v Harman">
Robinson v Harman

Robinson v Harman (1848) 1 Ex Rep 850 is an English contract law case, which is best known for a classic formulation by Parke B (at 855) on the purpose and measure of compensatory damages for breach of contract that,
Facts.
Mr Harman wrote a letter, dated 15 April 1846, agreeing to grant Mr Robinson a lease on a house in High Street, Croydon, for 21 years, starting on 19 September at £110 a year. Then Mr Harman changed his mind and refused to complete the lease. It turned out the house was worth much more than £110 a year. Mr Harman had inherited the property from his recently deceased father. Although Mr Robinson's solicitor (whose fee was £15 12s 8d) had enquired whether the will may have vested the property in trustees, Mr Harman had said there was nothing of the sort, that it was his property out and out, and that he alone had the power of leasing. In fact trustees had got the property and Mr Harman had been entitled to only a moiety of the rent during his life. As a result of this breach of contract Mr Robinson, according to the plea,
"lost and was deprived of great gains and profits, which would otherwise have accrued to him, and paid, expended, and incurred liability to pay divers sums of money, in and about the preparation of the said agreement and lease, etc, amounting, to wit, to £20.”
Mr Harman urged that the plaintiff could not recover damages for the loss of his bargain. Lord Denman CJ heard the trial at the Surrey Spring Assizes. He found that Mr Robinson was entitled to £200 (including court expenses) to cover the loss to Mr Robinson from not getting the house. Mr Harman appealed.
Judgment.
The Court of Exchequer Chamber held that where a party agrees to grant a good and valid lease, having full knowledge that he has no title, the plaintiff, in an action for the breach of such agreement, may rr, beyond his expenses, damages resulting from the loss of his bargain; and the defendant cannot, under a plea of payment of money into court, give evidence that the plaintiff was aware of the defect of title. Parke B's judgment went as follows.
Alderson B said,
Platt B added,

</doc>
<doc id="21377427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377427" title="Obi Mhondera">
Obi Mhondera

Obi Simbarashe Mhondera (born May 21, 1980 in Mutare, Zimbabwe) is a songwriter, producer and re-mixer responsible for many major releases worldwide, particularly in the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia.
He was born and raised in Zimbabwe before moving to the United Kingdom. His first hit record was "Flip Reverse" which reached no. 2 in the UK Singles Chart. He since has worked with Sugababes, Blue, RBD, Boa, Dream, Jeremy Greene, Tata Young, Blazin' Squad, Billie Piper, Mutya Buena, Monrose, Room 2012, Queensberry, Cinema Bizarre, Jimi Blue and Jeanette Bierderman.
Madeleine McCann.
Mhondera remixed the single "Missing (Where Are You?)", a song to aid Missing People in remembrance of Madeleine McCann.

</doc>
<doc id="21377431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377431" title="Campania regional election, 1970">
Campania regional election, 1970

The Campania regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining almost twice the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came second. After the election, Christian Democrat Carlo Leone was elected President of the Region, but as soon as in 1971 he was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Nicola Mancino. In 1972 Mancino was replaced by Alberto Servidio, to whom Vittorio Cascetta succeeded in 1973.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21377448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377448" title="Snitterton Hall">
Snitterton Hall

Snitterton Hall is a privately owned late medieval manor house at South Darley, near Matlock, Derbyshire. It is a Grade I listed building.
Anciently an independent manor within the large parish of Darley near Matlock, Snitterton Hall was held by a family of the same name whose emblem was a snipe (snite). It came to John Sacheverel of Morley upon his marriage to the de Snitterton heiress in the 14th century and a descendant was slain at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485. The estate was sold in 1596 by Henry Sacheverel, passing through the Shore and Smith families in the next 30 years before the house and half the original lands were acquired in 1631 by John Milward ( then younger son of John Milward of Broadlowash) who became High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1635 and who served as a Colonel in the army of Charles I during the English Civil War. 
The present house represents a refronting and extension c. 1632/33 of the earlier manor house. The recessed centre with a castellated parapetis flanked by single-bayed gabled cross wings. The windows are mullioned and transomed and the off centre entrance porch has Ionic columns beneath a unique frieze of four plants copied from woodcut illustrations in The Great Herball'. Within the walled garden stands a single two-storey pyramid-roofed garden pavilion originally taller with castellation and one of a pair which flanked the surviving fine arched and castellated entrance gate into the enclosed front or public garden. To the north and east the more private gardens and orchards descend in terraces and a large alcove for seating within the north-west corner of the walls is aligned with a raised viewing platform further east. 
In 1681 the house and its land passed to Felicia Milward and her husband, a Warwickshire gentleman Charles Adderley, who sold it in the succeeding decade to tax collector Henry Fearne of neighbouring Bonsall from whom it passed to his daughter and her husband Edmund Turnor of Stoke Rochford Hall, Lincolnshire. During the 19th century the Hall was let out as a farm by the Turnor family before selling the estate to the Thornhills of nearby Stanton Hall in 1910. They began alterations to the Hall's north elevation which were left unfinished, and then sold on in 1936 to FE Bagshawe of Ford, Chapel en le Frith who let it for 21 years and, on failing to sell once again in 1957, finally took up occupation of the house. 
On Bagshawe's death in 1985 the Hall and its immediate demesne was bought by writer Adrian Woodhouse who began restoration of the house and its gardens after extensive documentary research. In 1996 the house was bought by a Sheffield property developer, Paul Caplan, who undertook extensive work on the house and gardens until selling the property in 2008. 
Located to the north of the Hall are the remains of an angled fishing pond and fishing house which may be linked to Isaak Walton who was a Milward cousin and fellow Royalist. This along with a moated enclosure towards the northeast, either site of an even earlier manor house or another landscape feature created by John Milward, has been designated as a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
An enclosed underground swimming pool began planning and construction in 2009/2010 and was completed in July 2012. Alongside the construction of the pool the large stone walls surrounding the property were reworked. They were found to be near destruction and so were repaired completely with the final work on the walls estimated to be finished in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21377466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377466" title="Synapto-pHluorin">
Synapto-pHluorin

Synapto-pHluorin is a genetically encoded optical indicator of vesicle release and recycling. It is used in neuroscience to study transmitter release. It consists of a pH-sensitive form of green fluorescent protein (GFP) fused to the luminal side of a vesicle-associated membrane protein (VAMP). At the acidic pH inside transmitter vesicles, synapto-pHluorin is non-fluorescent. When vesicles get released, synapto-pHluorin is exposed to the neutral extracellular space and the presynaptic terminal becomes brightly fluorescent. Following endocytosis, vesicles become re-acidified and the cycle can start again. Chemical alkalinization of all vesicles is often used for normalization of the synapto-pHluorin signals. In the following video a typical Synapto-pHluorin experiment is shown (VGluT1-pHluorin in this case).
History.
Synapto-pHluorin was invented by Gero Miesenböck in 1998.
In 2006, an improved version was published, using synaptophysin to target the GFP to vesicles.
Applications.
Synapto-pHluorin is mainly used by neurobiologists to study transmitter release and recycling at presynaptic terminals. It has also been applied to the study of insulin secretion in beta cells of the pancreas.

</doc>
<doc id="21377470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377470" title="Nakai (vocation)">
Nakai (vocation)

A is a woman who serves as a waitress at a "ryokan" or Japanese inn.
Originally written as (meaning "in the house" in Japanese), which meant the anteroom in a mansion of a "kuge" (noble man) or "gomonzeki" (the princess of Mikado). Nowadays it refers to work in a butler's pantry, homemaking sector, or the managing division and its office staff.
At "Kyuchu" (the Imperial Court), such women were also named "osue". 
In ancient times, nakai meant a lady's maid ranking between "kami-jochu" (maid of honor) and "gejo" (the lowest rank of maid). Now it means women who serve visitors in restaurants or inns.
They are usually residential staff and work long hours. 

</doc>
<doc id="21377472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377472" title="Campania regional election, 1975">
Campania regional election, 1975

The Campania regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy was the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came second. After the election, Christian Democrat Nicola Mancino was elected President of the Region, but as soon as in 1976 he was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Gaspare Russo, to whom Ciro Cirillo succeeded in 1979.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21377473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377473" title="2009–10 Adelaide United FC season">
2009–10 Adelaide United FC season

The 2009–10 Adelaide United FC season was the clubs fifth A-League season. It includes the A-League 2009-10 season as well as any other competitions of the 2009-10 football (soccer) season.
At the end of the 2008-09 regular season Adelaide United released veteran Angelo Costanzo as well as Jonas Salley, Isyan Erdogan and Jason Spagnuolo, with Diego Walsh moving to New Zealand club 
Not only did Adelaide United lose players in the 2009 off-season but the club also lost its founding owner with the license being returned to Football Federation Australia by former owner, Nick Bianco. Under the financial management of the FFA, Adelaide managed to secure major sponsors in Modern Solar as well as Jim's Plumbing.
Players.
2009-10 Transfers.
First Team.
In
Out
Youth Team.
In
Out
Competitions.
AFC Champions League.
Group stage.
Round of 16

</doc>
<doc id="21377475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377475" title="Indigo Valley, Victoria">
Indigo Valley, Victoria

Indigo Valley is a valley and bounded locality in Victoria, Australia stretching approximately between Yackandandah and the Hume Highway near Barnawartha. The Indigo Creek flows through it.
Indigo Valley was formerly part of the Shire of Chiltern but now forms part of the Shire of Indigo, to which it lends its name.
Indigo Valley has a Country Fire Authority volunteer fire brigade and a state primary school called Middle Indigo Primary School.
The population of Indigo Valley was 561 in the Australian 2006 Census

</doc>
<doc id="21377478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377478" title="Plužnje">
Plužnje

Plužnje is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21377491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377491" title="Tarno">
Tarno

Tarno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21377505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377505" title="Campania regional election, 1980">
Campania regional election, 1980

The Campania regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election, Christian Democrat Emilio De Feo was elected President of the Region. In 1983 De Feo was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Antonio Fantini.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21377510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377510" title="Alexis Rivard">
Alexis Rivard

Alexis Rivard (November 21, 1784 – July 8, 1854) was a trader and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Rimouski in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1832 to 1834.
He was born Alexis-Alexandre Rivard in Rivière-du-Loup-en-Haut, the son of François Rivard, dit Laglanderie and Marie-Ursule Ledroit. He was a trader at Yamachiche and then seigneurial agent for Mitis. He was elected to the legislative assembly in an 1832 by-election held after the elections of 1830 in Rimouski were declared invalid. Rivard generally supported the Parti patriote and voted in support of the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Rivard was married twice: to Marie Guillet in 1811 and to Catherine Drapeau in 1831. He died at Rimouski at the age of 69.
Two brothers of his first wife, Valère and Louis, were also members of the legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21377517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377517" title="Redcliffe State High School">
Redcliffe State High School

Redcliffe State High School (RSHS) is a co-educational, public high school based in Redcliffe in Queensland, Australia. Scarborough State School is located not far from it. The current Headmistress is Shona McKinlay.

</doc>
<doc id="21377531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377531" title="Gala (King of the Massylii)">
Gala (King of the Massylii)

King Gala (Tifinagh: , died 207 BCE) was a Berber king of the Massylii
, an eastern Numidian tribe in the Ancient Algerian Maghreb of North Africa. 
Gala reigned during the Second Punic War of ancient Rome. He was the father of King Masinissa, and the brother of Oezalces.

</doc>
<doc id="21377561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377561" title="Campania regional election, 1985">
Campania regional election, 1985

The Campania regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election Antonio Fantini, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a new centre-left government. In 1989 Fantini, who had been elected to the European Parliament, was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Ferdinando Clemente.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21377566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377566" title="Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002">
Slovenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002

Slovenia competed in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, represented by Sestre with "Samo ljubezen" (Only love). The song was the winner of the Slovene national final, EMA 2002.
EMA 2002.
The Slovene national broadcaster Radiotelevizija Slovenija (RTVSLO) hela a national final to select the Slovene entry for Eurovision. EMA 2002 was held in February 2002. 18 songs competed in the semi-final of the contest, where 10 songs qualified to the final.
Semi-final.
The semi-final of EMA 2002 was held on 15 February 2002 at the RTVSLO TV Studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Nuša Derenda, Darja Švajger and Andrea F. 18 songs competed for ten places in the final. The ten qualifiers were selected from the top 5 songs in a public televote and 5 jury wildcards.
Final.
The final of EMA 2002 was held on 16 February 2002 at the RTVSLO TV Studios in Ljubljana, hosted by Miša Molk and Andrea F. The ten semi-final qualifiers competed again, with the final winner being decided through televoting, an expert jury and an RTVSLO jury, all with equal weighing. Unlike the semi-final, the final on February 16 was decided by two juries as well as a public telephone vote. The juries put Sestre ahead of Stavec by one point before a five-minute hiatus for the results of the televote to be collated.
As five minutes stretched into twenty, the green room began to divide into two camps, half the performers shouting for Stavec and the rest for Sestre. Although the eventual televoting result gave Stavec 31,944 votes and Sestre only 8,454, the votes from the juries were sufficient to send Sestre to Eurovision in Tallinn. 
At Eurovision.
At Eurovision Sestre performed "Samo ljubezen" 22nd in the running order, following Romania and preceding Latvia. The Slovene votes were calculated through a public televote held after all songs had performed.
At the close of the voting, Slovenia placed 13th in a field of 24, having received 33 points. Croatia's Vesna Pisarović with "Everything I Want" was the most voted song by the Slovene public, gaining their 12 points. Malta and the United Kingdom received Slovenia's 10 and 8 points respectively, while eventual winner Latvia received only 5 points.

</doc>
<doc id="21377575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377575" title="Thomas Lever">
Thomas Lever

Thomas Lever (Leaver, Leiver) (1521–1577) was an English Protestant reformer and Marian exile, one of the founders of the Puritan tendency in the Church of England.
Life.
He was from Little Lever, Lancashire. He graduated B.A. at St. John's College, Cambridge in 1541-2, became a Fellow there in 1543, and graduated M.A. in 1545. From 1547 he was a leader in his college, with Roger Hutchinson, in discussion of the mass and transubstantiation, disquieting the Master William Bill. He preached before Edward VI in 1550, and was himself Master of St. John's from 1551 to 1553.
He left England for exile in Zurich in 1553, where he forged a good relationship with Heinrich Bullinger. He also went to Geneva, and heard Jean Calvin lecture. He worked for a compromise at Frankfurt on the Prayer Book, where John Knox and Richard Cox held opposed views, on a committee with Knox, William Whittingham, and Thomas Parry. Knox left, and Lever became chief pastor. He was then asked by an English exile group at Wesel to lead them, and he took this congregation of about 100, working people mostly, to Aarau.
On returning to England, he was Rector and Archdeacon of Coventry from 1559. After later troubles with the church authorities, the Earl of Leicester gave him a position as Master of Sherburn Hospital.
Family.
Ralph Lever was his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="21377596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377596" title="1977 Paris Open – Doubles">
1977 Paris Open – Doubles

Tom Okker and Marty Riessen were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Brian Gottfried and Raúl Ramírez won the doubles title in the final of the 1977 Paris Open tennis tournament 6–2, 6–0 against Jeff Borowiak and Roger Taylor.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21377601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377601" title="Hermann Schreiber">
Hermann Schreiber

Hermann Schreiber (21 August 1882 - 1954) was a German doctor of philosophy, rabbi and journalist.
Youth.
Hermann Schreiber descended from a Jewish family which was settled in Schrimm in the Prussian Province of Posen (modern-day Śrem in Poland). The family was already Germanized in his times (in the second half of the 19th century the Jewish community in the part of Poland which was then under Prussian rule generally adopted German culture and language). Hermann’s father, Pedasur Schreiber, taught Religion in the Jewish school and was an assistant to the rabbi; whereas his mother, Balbina née Schreier, managed the household. Hermann was the youngest and the only son of their five children. After passing his Abitur examination in the High School in Śrem in 1901, he was studying at the Jewish Conservative Theological Seminary in Breslau, where he was ordained a rabbi, then at the University of Breslau, where he earned a degree of Doctor of Philosophy. In around 1910 he got married to Charlotte Neumann, with whom he had one son – Paul.
Activity in Germany.
During the years 1912-1938 Hermann Schreiber lived in Potsdam. He wrote articles in newspapers (incl. Israelitisches Familienblatt), translated the Torah from Hebrew into German, for many years was the rabbi in the synagogue in Potsdam. He was the chairman of the Jewish Liberal Youth Association, which was established in Potsdam in 1921; he was also an active member of the Association of Schrimmers (Verein der Schrimmer), an organization established in Berlin in 1902 by Jews descending from Śrem (Schrimm) who later emigrated to other provinces of the German Reich.
Emigration to Britain.
When the Nazis took power in Germany in 1933, Hermann Schreiber, like other German Jews, was subjected to persecutions. In 1938, during Kristallnacht, he witnessed the demolition of the Potsdam synagogue. Shortly afterwards he was put in Sachsenhausen concentration camp. At the beginning of 1939, after his release from the camp, he managed to emigrate with his wife and son to the United Kingdom, where he lived in London. He continued his journalistic work, writing articles in English, contributed to the work of the Beth din (house of judgment) of the Association of Synagogues in Great Britain. He also participated in the life of the Jewish community in Amsterdam, and from 1952 he visited West Berlin, where he took part in the celebrations of the Rosh Hashanah (Jewish New Year). During one of those visits, he died during the celebrations, immediately after preaching a sermon in the synagogue at Pestalozzistrasse in Berlin. Hermann Schreiber was buried at the Jewish Weißensee Cemetery in Berlin.
Memories.
On 6 March 1927, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Association of Schrimmers, Hermann Schreiber delivered a lecture, which was later published in print as "Schrimmer Jugenderinnerungen" ("Schrimm – Memories from Our Youth"'). The memories are a valuable source for research on the history of Jews in the Province of Posen. Schreiber describes in the memories the daily life of his own family and other Jews living in Śrem, Jewish traditions, customs and festivals, but also the daily life of the Poles and Germans who lived in Śrem. The memories were translated into English.
In 2008 the memories were also translated into Polish and published by Krzysztof Budzyń in the journal "Śremski Notatnik Historyczny" (Śrem’s Historical Notebook).

</doc>
<doc id="21377606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377606" title="Dan Johnson (American football)">
Dan Johnson (American football)

Dan Johnson (born May 17, 1960 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for seven seasons for the Miami Dolphins.
Johnson told ESPN's John Barr on Friday, January 28, 2011 that he took about 1000 pain killers per month during his playing days, as a result of the numerous injuries and broken bones he suffered.
Teammates nicknamed him "King of Pain" as a result of all the broken bones he had during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21377614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377614" title="Campania regional election, 1990">
Campania regional election, 1990

The Campania regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than double of the share of vote of its main competitors, the Italian Communist Party, which had its worst result ever in a regional election, and the Italian Socialist Party, that obtained its best result ever.
After the election Ferdinando Clemente, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a new centre-left government. In 1993 Clemente was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Giovanni Grasso.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21377625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377625" title="Podlanišče">
Podlanišče

Podlanišče () is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21377631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377631" title="Trafalgar Wharf, Portsmouth">
Trafalgar Wharf, Portsmouth

Trafalgar Wharf is a shipyard in Portsmouth accommodating marine engineering businesses ranging from sailmakers and boat brokers to boat builders. It was formerly the VT Halmatic shipyard, owned by VT Group and latterly by BVT Surface Fleet.
History.
In September 2008, Trafalgar Wharf Ltd took over the former BVT Surface Fleet site and renamed it Trafalgar Wharf. The site is the former VT Halmatic shipyard where many smaller Royal Navy warships, such as minesweepers, were built. BVT Surface Fleet had been formed by the merger of the BAE Systems Surface Fleet Solutions subsidiary with VT Shipbuilding, itself originating as Vosper Thorneycroft. With the sale of the Portchester site, they vacated the yard, bringing an end to this historic and well known company's use of the area, consolidating operations at its Shipyard facilities in HMNB Portsmouth.
The site.
The Trafalgar Wharf site is located in the upper reaches of Portsmouth Harbour, opposite Port Solent. It enjoys spectacular views and waterfront access. The company intends to remain true to its industrial roots, combining light marine trade with heavier industries. The site offers a wide range of space for marine businesses in buildings ranging from the massive main shed, probably the largest building of its kind on the south coast, to smaller individual business units including office space, housing many companies, overlooking Port Solent Marina.
Trafalgar Wharf has opened its doors in a bid to attract new business with an exciting revamp under way. It is set up for a wide range of water vessels and will be able to accommodate, store, build, repair and refit powerboats and super yachts from to There are lifting facilities, slipways and holding pontoons. The yard has storage for boats, caravans, motorhomes or other vehicles. There are serviced offices, warehouses, workshops and industrial units for rent.

</doc>
<doc id="21377635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377635" title="Valère Guillet">
Valère Guillet

Valère Guillet (1796 – February 26, 1881) was a notary and political figure in Quebec. He represented Saint-Maurice in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1830 to 1836 as a supporter of the Parti patriote.
He was born in Batiscan, Quebec, the son of Jean-Baptiste Guillet and Marguerite Langlois. He was educated at the Séminaire de Nicolet, studied law with his brother Louis and was admitted to practice as a notary in 1825. Guillet practiced in Saint-Pierre-les-Becquets, Yamachiche and Trois-Rivières. He supported the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Guillet was coroner for Trois-Rivières district from 1836 to 1878. From 1847 to 1862, he was secretary for the Chambre des notaires for Trois-Rivières and Saint-François districts; Guillet was president from 1862 to 1868. He died at Trois-Rivières at the age of 84.
His sister Marie married Alexis Rivard, another member of the legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21377638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21377638" title="Frank Lawes">
Frank Lawes

Frank Lawes (1894 -1970) was an English banjo composer and performer from Acton, London. He was responsible for composing a large number of well known banjo pieces which are still part of the standard repertoire and much recorded. He was unusual in playing a plectrum banjo finger style. His second wife Alice played the accordion. Died in Ifold, West Sussex. He was buried with his favourite banjo.
His son Jim is a pretty good amateur harmonia player and his granddaughter Alison Hustwitt is a singer songwriter although her instrument is the guitar.
He is the great grandfather of the motoring author, Jon Lawes.
Pieces Composed.
The pieces he is believed to have composed currently stands at:
"Cute and Catchy" was originally to be named "Dinkie", a nickname given to his daughter, according to handwritten notes discovered on some of his music.

</doc>
