<doc id="21634961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634961" title="Francesco Benigno">
Francesco Benigno

Francesco Benigno (born 4 October 1967), is an Italian actor of television, cinema and theatre. He is also a singer, and has directed a short film for which he won the "Grifoni D'argento" Award (The Silver Griffin Award).
Career.
Benigno was born in Palermo, Sicily, the twelfth of thirteen children. He made his first acting debut in 1989, in "Mery per sempre", directed by Marco Risi. He played the same role of "Natale Sperandeo" in the film's sequel, "Ragazzi fuori" ("Boys on the Outside"), for which he won two awards as Best Actor, the "Ciak d'Oro" at the Venice Film Festival, and the "Premio Piper". Both films were set in his native Palermo.
Benigno has since performed regularly in cinema, television, and has appeared on stage in two theatrical performances. Benigno appeared on the reality show "La Fattoria" in 2005, and has made many television guest appearances. He has also released CDs, and sang a live duet with singer Marco Masini at the Sanremo Music Festival in 2009, which was televised by Rai Uno. In 2008, he won the "Grifoni D'argento" Award for best director of a short film, the autobiographical "Benigno".

</doc>
<doc id="21634972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634972" title="Surveyor General of Pakistan">
Surveyor General of Pakistan

The Surveyor General of Pakistan is the Head of Survey of Pakistan, a National Organisation working department under the Ministry of Defense of the Government of Pakistan. The Surveyor Generals of Pakistan had been coming from civil as well as military setups. According to parliament approval, at present Surveyor General of Pakistan is a serving Major General coming from Army Corps of Engineers. Major General Zahir Shah is a current Surveyor General of Pakistan who was previously GOC (General Officer Commanding) of the 45th Engineer Division of the Pakistan Army.

</doc>
<doc id="21634974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634974" title="New Boss">
New Boss

"New Boss" is the twentieth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the 92nd overall episode of the series. It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 19, 2009. In the episode, Michael Scott is disturbed by the arrival of his new no-nonsense superior Charles Miner, played by "The Wire" star Idris Elba, making his first of six slated guest appearances with "The Office". Meanwhile, Jim struggles to make a good impression on Charles, and Angela and Kelly both develop crushes on their new boss.
The episode was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky, and directed by Paul Feig. It received generally positive reviews from television critics, particularly for the twist of Michael's resignation, which multiple reviewers said added a fresh new change to the series. According to Nielsen ratings, "New Boss" was watched by 7.95 million overall viewers in its original airing.
Plot.
Michael (Steve Carell) wants to throw a party to celebrate his fifteenth anniversary working at Dunder Mifflin. He becomes unnerved when Charles Miner (Idris Elba), the new company vice president, exhibits a no-nonsense attitude towards him, making Michael not feel like his own boss. Charles seems to establish a good relationship with the rest of the staff; he buys everyone lunch and reveals the truth about their 401(k) plans and the possibility of layoffs, which Michael withheld so as not to worry the staff. Taking advice from Chief Financial Officer David Wallace (Andrew Buckley), Michael tries to become better acquainted with Charles, but is unsuccessful. Michael attempts to contact Wallace on the phone, one attempt leading to getting transferred to Charles. When Charles catches the Party Planning Committee planning Michael's party during office hours, he dissolves the committee and cancels Michael's party. Michael decides to drive to New York to talk to Wallace.
Meanwhile, Jim (John Krasinski) arrives at work wearing a tuxedo in response to a memo written by Dwight (Rainn Wilson) ordering employees to follow the company dress code more strictly. This leads to an awkward first encounter with Charles as Jim has to explain why he wore a tuxedo. This does not amuse Charles, who seems to lack a sense of humor. Jim's activity throughout the day is scrutinized by Charles, more so when Charles notes Jim's idea of a "two-way petting zoo" for Michael's party. When Jim tries to smooth things over with Charles, Charles condescends to Jim, questioning the necessity of Jim's position as Assistant Regional Manager, referring to it as made-up. When Charles leaves, Jim tries to say goodbye, with no response. Jim jokes that his career could be over.
Angela (Angela Kinsey) and Kelly (Mindy Kaling) develop crushes on Charles. They flirt with him, leaving him uncomfortable. At the end of the day Kelly puts on more makeup to tempt Charles into asking her out, but he has already left. Kelly runs out to the parking lot where she finds Angela holding Charles's scarf and starts chasing her. Angela mentions that Charles deserves better than Kelly.
In New York, Michael manages to talk to Wallace, who has seemingly been avoiding him, and complains that it is unfair that he has to drive to New York in order to talk to him instead of on the phone, and that he deserves more respect after being at Dunder Mifflin for fifteen years. David agrees to fund an anniversary party for him and attend, but Michael abruptly announces his resignation from the company and walks out.
Production.
"New Boss" was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Paul Feig. Executive story editor Charlie Grandy conceived the idea of Michael leaving Dunder Mifflin. "New Boss" was the first of six episodes Idris Elba was set to guest star in as Charles, Michael's new Dunder Mifflin superior. It was his first role in a comedy and his first television appearance since leaving his regular role on HBO's "The Wire", where he played the character Stringer Bell. Elba, a fan of "The Office", said, "The creators of the show called me, said they wanted to put me in as this new character, that I’d be perfect for it, and I was honored, so I said yeah. [...] I’m still playing the straight guy, but he’s kind of got a bit of a quirk to him." The writing staff for "The Office" are fans of "The Wire", and have referred to the show in previous episodes. Of the six episodes Elba appeared in, he said "New Boss" was the only one he watched immediately after they aired because, "I'm hypercritical about my work, so I try not to torture myself." Elba is the second actor from "The Wire" to appear on "The Office", after actress Amy Ryan, who played Michael's love interest Holly Flax. Paul Lieberstein, the "Office" producer who also plays Toby, said Elba's work on "The Wire" made him "a really interesting and great foil for Michael". John Krasinski said Elba was initially an intimidating presence on the set, due to the ruthless character he plays on "The Wire". However, Krasinski said Elba proved to be "incredibly nice and incredibly funny".
The official "The Office" website included three cut scenes from "New Boss" within a week of the episode's original release. One clip includes Andy, Creed, Oscar and Meredith gossiping about Charles; Andy says, "I'm telling you, when corporate sends somebody it is big trouble, or really good news, and then again sometimes it just means business as usual." Another clip features Jim expressing his worries to Pam about Charles's apparent distaste for him, as Pam playfully makes fun of Jim. The video ends with Pam asking Jim to leave her workspace because, "I don't want him to keep seeing us together." 
In what some reporters described as a continuity error, Charles Miner refers to Jim's second-in-command position as "made up", but the position is real and Jim was officially hired for it in the third season episode "Branch Closing". When asked by a fan about the apparent inconsistency, "The Office" writer Aaron Shure said he believed it was because "Charles is clearly not great at reading people and he's headstrong", and the fact that Jim does not normally care about titles, so he was not used to having to defend himself in such a way. However, Shure admitted he was "(trying) to wiggle out of this one" with his answer.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast on March 19, 2009, "New Boss" was watched by 7.95 million overall viewers and received a Nielsen rating of 3.9 among adults aged between 18 and 49, and 4.4 among ages 18 to 34. The episode received generally positive reviews. Marc Hirsh of National Public Radio said the addition of the no-nonsense Charles Miner character infused a sense of reality into "The Office", which he said was growing increasingly wacky and out of control: "episode may, in fact, have been one of the most important episodes of the entire series, acting as a corrective to the show's increasing flirtations with ridiculousness. The characters of "The Office" have lived in a bubble for long enough." Travis Fickett of IGN said "New Boss" brought a badly needed change to the series, which he said had been in a "stagnant state" over the last several episodes. Fickett said Steve Carell gave "a tour de force" as Michael saw his power slip away, and he called the final scene when Michael quit as one of the show's biggest moments. He said, "Watching Miner work like a monkey wrench thrown into the works is the most fun I've had watching this show in a long time." Shahzad Abbas of "TV Guide" said, "Overall, this was a terrific episode, tightly structured, some nice laugh-out loud moments, and a genuine shocker at the end that was completely consistent with Michael's personality."
Alan Sepinwall, television critic for "The Star-Ledger", said the episode was satisfying, although he felt it was short on laughs, except for Jim's antics with the tuxedo and the episode's documentary-style interviews. Sepinwall particularly praised the twist of Michael quitting and said he looked forward to seeing where the subplot went. Jeff Labrecque said "watching Jim flail for approval (was) one of the episode's most awkward delights", but he said the episode was really about "the type of man Michael Scott really is". Labrecque also said he looked forward to seeing how Michael regained his job, and raised the suggestion that the reason Michael clashed so much with Charles was because he was intimidated by the man's race. Brian Howard of "The Journal News" said, "For 22 minutes of not much fun and only some funny, 'New Boss' was a pretty good episode." He particularly liked the ending, which he said he did not see coming and served as a kind of redemption for Michael; Howard also liked Pam's documentary interviews and Jim's failed efforts to make a good impression to Charles. Several reviewers particularly praised the line about the "two-way petting zoo", a zoo in which people pet the animals and the animals pet back.
Joshua Alston of "Newsweek" criticized the episode and the introduction of the Charles character. Although Alston said Elba's acting was fine, he said the character "sucked the funny out of every scene he was in" and created an awkwardness inappropriate for the show. During the week following the episode's original broadcast, many fans theorized on the Internet that Michael said "I acquit" rather than "I quit", and that Michael's supposed resignation was something of a prank. Jenna Fischer, who plays Pam on "The Office", addressed this issue on her MySpace blog, saying, "He said 'I quit'. And he meant it. You will see how it all plays out this week on the show."
The introduction of Charles Miner ranked number 3 in "phillyBurbs.com"'s top ten moments from the fifth season of "The Office".

</doc>
<doc id="21634981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634981" title="Minuscule 236">
Minuscule 236

Minuscule 236 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 358 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 256 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae (John 9:29-fin.). The text is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page. Seven leaves are paper. It is beautifully written.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with some ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections. 
It contains Synaxarion, Menologion, Eusebian Canon tables, some lectionary markings at the margin, and tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Π171 in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History.
According to Scrivener the manuscript was derived from codex 440. The manuscript was purchased in 1889 in Athens by J. Bevan Braithwaite. After coming to England it was held in London. It was examined and collated by W. C. Braithwaite. 
The manuscript is currently housed at the Selly Oak College (Braithwaite 3) at Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="21634994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634994" title="Photoreflector">
Photoreflector

A Photoreflector is a light emitting diode and a phototransistor housed in a compact package that can be used for detection of proximity and colour of objects.
They are a popular component in line following robots and other robotics.

</doc>
<doc id="21635005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635005" title="List of University of Valle people">
List of University of Valle people


</doc>
<doc id="21635006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635006" title="Ian Malcolm (councillor)">
Ian Malcolm (councillor)

Ian William Malcolm is a member of Nottingham City Council, and a former Lord Mayor of Nottingham, England. He is a member of the Labour Party.
Born at Nottingham City Hospital in 1950, he lived in The Meadows area of the city as a child and was a local government officer from 1967 to 1995. It was during this time he was attacked and sustained facial injuries whilst collecting council rent money in the City.
In 1993, he was elected to Nottinghamshire County Council as member of Clifton ward until Nottingham became a unitary authority in 1998.
He was first elected to Nottingham City Council in May 1995 as councillor for the Wilford ward. He continued in that role until 2000 when becoming councillor for Clifton West - a ward in which he had lived in since 1984. After boundary changes in 2003, he was elected councillor for the newly created Clifton South ward.
Ian Malcolm served as the Lord Mayor of Nottingham in 2000/2001, holding the post of Deputy in 1999/2000.
He has been married to Jean since 1984, and has a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21635021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635021" title="Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Original Screenplay">
Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Original Screenplay

The Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Original Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by the Kansas City Film Critics Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="21635025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635025" title="Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1942–43">
Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1942–43

The Sounthern League Cup 1942–43 was the second edition of the regional war-time football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21635034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635034" title="Mary Jacobus">
Mary Jacobus

Mary Jacobus (c. 1956 – February 20, 2009) was an American journalist. She was an executive with The New York Times Company, serving as president and general manager of "The Boston Globe" from January through September 2006, and then, until her death in February 2009, heading the company's Regional Media Group, overseeing 15 daily newspapers and several other publications. She also served on the board of The Associated Press.
Personal.
She lived in Tampa with her husband, Dean Jacobus. Together the two had three triplets, Kelly, Kimberly, and Bill.
Early life and education.
Jacobus was raised in Buffalo, New York. She obtained her degree from Le Moyne College. 
Career.
Jacobus began working for the Times in January 2006. Just eight months after she began working here, she became president and chief operating officer of the Times Regional Media Group. She was also on the executive committee. Since 2007, she served on the Audit Bureau of Circulations. Prior to working for the Times Company, Jacobus spent seven years in the Knight Ridder chain where she began as president and publisher of "The Duluth News Tribune". She was later a publisher of "The News-Sentinel" and president and chief executive of Fort Wayne Newspapers.
She also worked as vice president of sales and marketing at The Gazette and director of sales and marketing for "The Escondido Times Advocate".
In the 70s, Jacobus worked for "The Buffalo Courier-Express", "The Buffalo News", and "The Long Beach Press-Telegram" where she was responsible for advertising.
Death.
Jacobus died February 20, 2009 in Tampa, Florida at the age of 52. The cause of her death was from a cerebral hemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="21635043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635043" title="Sharman (TV series)">
Sharman (TV series)

Sharman is a television series starring Clive Owen, based on the "Nick Sharman" books written by London based author Mark Timlin.
Cast and characters.
Clive Owen plays South London private detective Nick Sharman. Other regulars included John Salthouse as Detective-Inspector Jack Robber, a seedy but cunning police officer, and Roberta Taylor as Aggie. Guest stars included Ray Winstone, Keith Allen and Samantha Janus.
Series overview.
The first episode entitled "The Turnaround", screened in 1995, was based on the book of the same name. The following year a further four episodes screened. Each episode was 90 minutes long, and all except the last were based on novels by Timlin of the same titles; the final episode, which does not appear to have been given an individual title, was an original story, though one scene was taken from the Timlin novel "Pretend We're Dead".
Home video release.
The pilot episode was released on VHS. The entire series, including pilot, was released on DVD in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="21635044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635044" title="The Passionate Demons">
The Passionate Demons

The Passionate Demons () is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils Reinhardt Christensen. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21635054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635054" title="Ernest Peter Burger">
Ernest Peter Burger

Ernst Peter Burger (September 1, 1906 — October 9, 1975) was a German-American who was a spy and saboteur for Germany during World War II. He was captured but escaped execution. He was deported to Germany in 1948. 
Operation Pastorius.
Born in Augsburg, Burger was a machinist by trade. He had lived in the United States for some years, even serving in the National Guard. Despite his history as a survivor of a Nazi internment camp and harassment of his wife by Nazi party members, Burger was recruited by the Abwehr, Nazi Germany's intelligence organization. He took part in Operation Pastorius, a plan by which eight German saboteurs were to be transported by U-Boat to the United States. Burger and the others landed with the intention of damaging United States economic targets.
Apprehension and trial.
George John Dasch, another saboteur, almost immediately lost his nerve and betrayed his comrades. He surrendered and told the FBI of Burger's location. FBI agents followed Burger to two other saboteurs, before arresting him. When all eight agents had been apprehended, the saboteurs were tried and convicted of treason and espionage. All were sentenced to execution by electrocution; however, Burger's sentence was commuted by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to life in prison and Dasch's to thirty years because of their cooperation.
In 1948, President Harry S. Truman granted executive clemency to Dasch and Burger on the condition that they be deported to the American Zone of occupied Germany. They were not welcomed back in Germany, as they were regarded as traitors who had caused the death of their comrades. Although they had been promised pardons by Hoover in exchange for their cooperation, both men died without ever receiving them.

</doc>
<doc id="21635057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635057" title="Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Adapted Screenplay">
Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

The Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is one of the annual awards given by the Kansas City Film Critics Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="21635063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635063" title="Harald Lesch">
Harald Lesch

Harald Lesch (born 28. July 1960 in Gießen, Hesse) is a German physicist, astronomer, natural philosopher, author, television presenter, professor of physics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU) and professor of natural philosophy at the Munich University of Philosophy. In the German speaking world, Lesch serves a similar role to that of Neil deGrasse Tyson, as a bridge between the scientific community and the public.
Education.
After completing secondary school in 1978 at the Theo-Koch-Schule in Grünberg, Hesse, Lesch studied physics at the University of Giessen, then at the University of Bonn, where he completed his doctoral degree in 1987 and worked at the Max-Planck-Institute for Radio Astronomy. From 1988 to 1991 he was a research assistant at the state observatory at Heidelberg-Königstuhl. In 1992 he was a visiting professor at the University of Toronto. In 1994 he was habilitated at the University of Bonn.
Work/research.
Since 1995 Lesch has been a professor of theoretical astrophysics at the Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics at the LMU Munich. Additionally, he teaches natural philosophy at the University for Philosophy in Munich. His main areas of research are cosmic plasma physics, black holes, and neutron stars. He is the expert on astrophysics in the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) (German Research Society) and a member of the Astronomische Gesellschaft (Astronomical Society). He is also a textbook author. 
Lesch has made television appearances for the longstanding, self-presented production of the channel BR-alpha: alpha-Centauri, Lesch & Co., Denker des Abendlandes (Thinkers of the Western World), and Alpha bis Omega (From Alpha to Omega). He also presented shorter television series. His presentations attempt to make complex physical or philosophical issues more accessible to the public. In 2005 he was awarded the Communicator Prize by the DFG and the Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft (Foundation for German Scholarship) for his television appearances and publications. To honor his work on making scientific findings understandable to the broad public, the Naturforschende Gesellschaft zu Emden (nature research society) awarded him an honorary membership on March 15, 2011.
Television appearances.
For many years, Lesch has presented a series of television series for the channel BR-alpha, beginning with alpha-Centauri, in which he is to be seen since 1998. In Lesch & Co. and Denker des Abendlandes, he converses with the philosophy professor Wilhelm Vossenkuhl about philosophical topics. Alpha bis Omega deals with contradiction and consistency of religion and natural science, through conversations between Lesch and the Catholic theologist Thomas Schwartz. 
In celebration of the Year of Einstein 2005, BR-alpha aired the 8-part series The Physics of Albert Einstein, where in each episode, one single scientific finding of Einstein was introduced by Lesch, who explained its significance. Starting in August 2007, the 16-part program The 4 Elements was aired weekly, which deals with the structure of the world, and in addition to scientific aspects, also handles cultural-historical aspects. Furthermore, Lesch can also be seen in the series LeschZug (LeschTrain), which is filmed in an underground train and in which he declares his opinion on current topics. 
For the Pay-TV channel "Syfy" he differentiates scientifically based and fictional components of Star Trek in the series "Star Trek – Science vs. Fiction". From April to the end of 2007, Lesch moderated the weekly 5-minute program sci_xpert for this channel, which dealt with viewer questions, which mostly had to do with feasibility of science fiction concepts (such as "How realistic are the huge spaceships from Independence Day?"), but which also addressed purely scientific topics (for example "What is gravity?"), which were handled in the tradition of alpha-Centauri. There were a total of 35 episodes. 
Since September 2008 Lesch has been presenting the ZDF scholarly magazine "Abenteuer Forschung" (Adventures in Research). His predecessor was Joachim Bublath, who presented the show for many years. 
At the start of the "International Year of Astronomy 2009", Lesch moderated in ZDF the 2½ hour special “How Light Was Born: the Long Night with Harald Lesch”, in which he, between short documentary films, led conversations with the cabaret artist and hobby-philosopher Christoph Süß, the physics professor Günther Hasinger, and the theology professor Thomas Schwartz.
Since 2010, Lesch presents the show "Lesch's Kosmos", a 15 minute programme on the German documentary channel ZDFneo that deals with issues from various scientific fields. 

</doc>
<doc id="21635073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635073" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 200 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the third and last day of the competition, on Sunday 13 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21635094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635094" title="Nils Reinhardt Christensen">
Nils Reinhardt Christensen

Nils Reinhardt Christensen (13 April 1919 – 8 November 1990) was a Norwegian film director and screenwriter. He directed nine films between 1957 and 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="21635100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635100" title="Kellon Baptiste">
Kellon Baptiste

Kellon Baptiste (7 September 1973 – 12 April 2012) was a Grenadian international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Baptiste played club football in Grenada for GBSS, and he also had a spell with the St. Louis Steamers in the United States.
Baptiste made his international debut in 1991, and appeared in eight FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
He died of cancer in Saint George, Grenada.

</doc>
<doc id="21635104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635104" title="Thomas Judson">
Thomas Judson

Thomas Haigh Judson ( (c)1857 – 4 September 1908) was an English-born international rugby union player who played club rugby for Llanelli and international rugby for Wales. Judson would later become a member of the very first London Welsh team.
Rugby career.
Judson won his first international cap when, as a member of first class team Llanelli, he was selected to play in the inaugural Home Nations Championship against England. Under the captaincy of Charles Lewis, Judson was one of three Llanelli players in the Wales squad, the others being Alfred Cattell and Harry Bowen. Wales were competent, but unspectacular and were out-classed by Australian wing Charles Wade, in a two goals and four tries to nil loss. Judson was reselected for his second and final international game in the game against Scotland as part of the same Championship. This was the first meeting between the two nations, and was played at Raeburn Place in Edinburgh. Wales lost by three goals to on, but Judson scored the Welsh try, making him the first ever points scorer against Scotland for his country.
In 1885 Judson was living in London and on 24 June was present at meeting which saw the creation of Welsh exile club, London Welsh. The meeting states that Judson was elected club treasurer, and on 25 October 1885, a London Welsh team faced London Scottish in which Judson was amongst the Welsh forwards. Later that year he was part of a joint London Welsh / London Scottish team that faced a London XV, in a charity match at The Oval, to benefit the London poor. The match was watched by a crowd of 8,000 and amongst the spectators was the Prince of Wales.
International matches played.
Wales (rugby union)

</doc>
<doc id="21635118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635118" title="Alan Barrett">
Alan Barrett

Alan Barrett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21635123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635123" title="2010 East Asian Football Championship">
2010 East Asian Football Championship

The 2010 EAFF East Asian Football Championship was the fourth edition of the tournament which was held between 6 and 14 February 2010. Two preliminary competitions were held during 2009.
Preliminary Competition.
Round 1.
The first round of preliminary competition was hosted by Guam. The winner of the group advanced to the Round 2 of preliminary competition.
Round 2.
The second round of preliminary competition was held in Kaohsiung, Taiwan. The winner of the group advanced to the Finals.
Finals.
Matches Detail.
The final competition was held in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21635135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635135" title="FC Shevardeni-1906 Tbilisi">
FC Shevardeni-1906 Tbilisi

FC Shevardeni-1906 Tbilisi was a Georgia association football club. The club was played in Umaglesi Liga until 1996, merged with Universiteti Tbilisi of Pirveli Liga, to form TSU Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="21635161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635161" title="2007–08 KBL season">
2007–08 KBL season

The 2007–2008 SK Telecom T Professional Basketball season was the 12th season of the Korean Basketball League.

</doc>
<doc id="21635171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635171" title="Leopard tank">
Leopard tank

Leopard tank may refer to one of four tanks:

</doc>
<doc id="21635192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635192" title="Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress">
Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress

The Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award given by the Kansas City Film Critics Circle to honor the best achievements in acting.

</doc>
<doc id="21635202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635202" title="Roberto Torretti">
Roberto Torretti

Roberto Torretti (born February 15, 1930 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean philosopher, author and academic who is internationally renowned for his contributions to the history of philosophy, physics and mathematics.
Biography.
Torretti received a doctorate from the University of Freiburg, Germany, as a pupil of Wilhelm Szilasi in 1954. Shortly after he began lecturing in philosophy and psychology at the Institute of Education of the University of Chile in Valparaíso. He also worked for the United Nations before commencing an academic career that lasted for more than forty years, during which he taught philosophy in the University of Puerto Rico and the University of Chile. Torretti is currently professor emeritus of the University of Puerto Rico, and a member of the "Institut International de Philosophie". In April 2005 Torretti was awarded an honorary doctorate by the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona in Spain. Torretti resides in Santiago, Chile and is married to the academic and philosopher Carla Cordua. In September 2011 Cordua and Torretti were jointly awarded the National Prize for the Humanities by the Republic of Chile.
Philosophy.
Torretti has been greatly influenced by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant and has dedicated many of his works to Kant’s thought. His work "Manuel Kant: estudio sobre los fundamentos de la filosofia critica" is considered one of the most important literary works on the thoughts of the 18th century German philosopher. Publications such as "Philosophy of Geometry from Riemann to Poincaré" (1978), "Relativity and geometry" (1983) and "El paraíso de Cantor" (1998) have made Torretti a leading authority on the philosophy of science. Much of Torretti’s work has dealt with physics and mathematics, with a major focus on relativity theory and 19th century geometry. He has devoted the book "El Paraíso de Cantor" to the set-theoretical tradition in logic and philosophy of mathematics. Together with Jesús Mosterín, he has written an original and comprehensive dictionary of logic and philosophy of science.

</doc>
<doc id="21635230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635230" title="Lahngau">
Lahngau

The Lahngau was a medieval territory comprising the middle and lower Lahn River valley in the current German states of Hesse and (partially) Rhineland-Palatinate. The traditional names of the Gau are "Loganahe Pagus" or "Pagus Logenensis".
The Lahngau was the East Frankish ancestral homeland of the Conradines. It was divided in ca. 900 into the Upper and Lower Lahngau (translated from the German "Oberlahngau" and "Niederlahngau" [or "Unterlahngau"], respectively).
Location.
The western boundary of the Lahngau was near present-day Montabaur. To the west of the Lahngau, extending to the Rhine River, was the Engersgau with its center in the Neuwied Basin. The northwestern border was marked by the watershed of the Westerwald. Northwest and north of the Lahngau was the Auelgau with its central settlements near the mouth of the Sieg River and probably in the Siegerland. North and northeast of the Lahngau was the Hessengau, the former settlement area of the Chatti. Like the Lahngau, the Hessengau would for a time be dominated by the Conradines. Southeast of the Lahngau was the Wettereibagau (later called the Wetterau). South, at the watershed of the Taunus Mountains, was the boundary with the Königssondergau. In the 1845 travel guide "Le Rhin," Victor Hugo notes: "Then comes Braubach, named in a charter of 933, fief of the Counts Arnstein of Lahngau; an Imperial city under Rodolph in 1270, a domain of the Counts of Katznellenbogen in 1283; accruing to Hesse in 1473; to Darmstadt, in 1632, and in 1802 to Nassau."
The exact demarcation of the boundary between Oberlahngau and Niederlahngau has not survived. According to some historians, the approximate boundary is presumed to have been the watershed between the Solmsbach and the Weil River, east of Weilburg. Christian Spielmann writes in 1894, “Weilburg lay in the Niederlahngau. It extended from about the Nister to the Pfahlgraben and from the Gelbach and Aar westward to the Ulmbach and eastward to Weil. Other historians suggest the border was west of Weilburg. Hellmuth Gensicke suggested the watershed between the Kerkerbach and Elbbach as a possible boundary. The following discussion is based on the interpretation of Gensicke assuming a border west Weilburg.
The Carolingian gaus were divided into districts called "Zentmarken". For these districts names such as ""(Unter)gau"" (sub-gau), “"Zente"” (center), or “"Mark"” (march) were used. The original "Zentmarken" of the Niederlahngau were probably the Reckenforst around Dietkirchen, the Hadamarer Mark, the Ellarer Mark, and the Zente Winnen - Höhn. In the Oberlahngau were the Haiger Mark and the Herborner Mark. The Erdagau should also be understood as a sub-gau of the Lahngau. The assignment of the Kallenbach Zent (or Kallenbergskopf) north of present-day Löhnberg is unclear and depends on which interpretation of the boundary is adopted. With increasingly denser populations, the "Zentmarken" were divided or new ones were established.
The population centers of the Lahngau developed from places established at fords on the Lahn. Some of these places go back, according to archaeological finds, to Frankish camps of the 6th and 7th centuries that secured crossings of the Lahn. The urban centers of the Niederlahngau were the later cities of Diez (first mentioned as ""Theodissa"" in 790) and Limburg (first mentioned as ""Lintpurc"" in 910). The centers that developed in the Oberlahngau were Wetzlar (first mentioned as ""Weftifa"" in 832), Haiger (first mentioned as ""Haigrahe"" in 778), and, depending on the course of the border, Weilburg (first mentioned as ""Wilineburch"" in 906).
Dietkirchen (mentioned in 841 as the ""ecclesia Dietkircha"") emerged as an important ecclesiastical center for the Lahngau. In the Middle Ages, the St. Lubentius Basilica at Dietkirchen was the seat of an archdeaconry that included all of the areas on the right bank of the Rhine belonging to the Archbishopric of Trier.
History.
At the time of its first historical mention, the area of the Lahngau lay in the settlement area of a Germanic tribe called the Ubii. After the migration of Ubii across the Rhine ca. 39 BC, the area was rather sparsely populated. It evolved into a border region between the Franks in the Westerwald, the Chatti in present-day North Hesse, and the Alamanni in the Taunus and Wetterau. In the 5th and 6th centuries, the Franks gained the supremacy. The Chatti became members of the Frankish tribal confederation, and Alamannia became a Frankish protectorate. This enabled the Franks to incorporate the territory of the Lahngau into its empire. During the period of Frankish conquest, the Frankish Conradine family established itself as a leading noble house in the Lahngau. The Conradines maintained close familial relationships with the Carolingians and Robertians.
An important role in the management of the Lahngau was taken by the monasteries and original parishes. At the beginning of Conradine rule in the Lahngau, the only existing monastery was that of St. Lubentius in Dietkirchen, which was probably founded as early as the 6th century. The first mention of this monastery was only in 841 as a “"monasterium"” (hermitage). In 845 Count Gebhard founded the St. Severus Abbey in the Kettenbach, which would later in his lifetime relocate to Gemünden. At the beginning of the 10th century, other Conradine foundations followed: St. George in Limburg (910), St. Walpurgis Abbey in Weilburg (912), and St. Mary's Abbey in Wetzlar (914/15).
The Conradines achieved the peak of their power when Conrad the Younger, the Count of Oberlahngau and the Duke of Franconia, was chosen King of East Francia in 911. At least four stays by Conrad in Weilburg are attested to. The Conradines were not, however, able to establish a royal dynasty. According to Widukind of Corvey, Conrad on his deathbed in Weilburg recommended to his brother, Margrave (and later Duke) Eberhard III of Franconia, to forgo any ambition for the German crown and offer it instead to Henry of Saxony, one of his principal opponents, since he considered Henry to be the only prince capable of holding the Kingdom together in the face of internal rivalries among the dukes. This event would become known as the "Weilburg Testament," but is now considered by some historians to be a legend circulated by one of the Liudolfings.
In the conflict between Eberhard III of Franconia, as Conrad’s successor as Count in the Oberlahngau, and King Otto I came the final division of the Conradine dynasty. In the Battle of Andernach on October 2, 939, Eberhard was defeated and killed by his cousin Conrad Kurzbold, Count in Niederlahngau, and Eberhard’s branch of the Conradine family lost the lordship over the Oberlahngau. Parts of the realm were transferred to Conrad Kurzbold’s branch of the family and other parts confiscated by the Ottonian king. In these areas, after a checkered history, the House of the Gisos of Gudensberg prevailed until the 11th century. The area around Weilburg was granted by the Ottonian kings to the Bishopric of Worms after 1000.
The Niederlahngau was held by the Conradines until the second half of the 10th century. The last mention of a Conradine count was in 966. The Niederlahngau went over to the Countship of Diez. The extensive Conradine allodial lands in the Niederlahngau came, probably through familial relationships, to the Counts of (Alt-) Leiningen. After the extinction of this house in 1220, it was distributed among the related dynasties of Nassau, Runkel/Westerburg, Isenburg/Limburg, and Virneburg.
Counts in the Lahngau.
The following are attested as counts of the undivided Lahngau:
Other possible rulers of the Lahngau referenced to are:
Counts in the Niederlahngau.
The following are attested to as Count in the Niederlahngau: 
Open Questions.
The main sources of the history of the Lahngau are copies made in the High Middle Ages of older documents. There is always the question whether these documents were based on original sources or produced as counterfeits. If they were based on original manuscripts, some of which would have been 500 years old, it is often unclear whether they were reproduced literally or only paraphrased. The persons named in the documents may not always be clearly identifiable. Place names are often in unusual forms and do not always correspond to the same names today. Complete overviews of property ownership for this area only exist from the 12th century, so the opportunity to draw inferences is limited. Archaeological finds that are available for review are often random finds, for example in the context of modern construction. Many suspected archaeological sites have not been systematically investigated. For these reasons, some important questions about the history of the Lahngau remain unsettled.
For example, the Lahngau may originally have belonged not to the Conradines but to the Robertian sphere of influence. Through an exchange at the beginning of the 9th century, the Conradines may have taken over the Robertines’ possessions in East Francia and the Robertians received the Conradine possessions on the Loire River in West Francia. Such a process would explain the equation of Udo of the Oberlahngau with Odo I of Blois, as well as the extensive holdings in the Lahngau by Lorsch Abbey (founded by the Robertians). 
The assignment to Weilburg to the Upper or Lower Lahngau is also controversial. Since the Conradine family line of Conrad the Elder is identified as Counts in Weilburg, the assignment has a crucial role in the history of the Oberlahngau.
The development of the church organization in the Lahngau is also not exactly known. Some historians, for example, doubt that Dietkirchen could have been the starting point of Christianization in the Archdiocese of Trier, since the Archdeaconate there would only be established by the Archdiocese after the decline of Conradine rule.
Finally, relationship between the Conradines and the Counts of Diez can be neither proven nor disproved. The origin of the House of Diez is unknown. The extensive allodial property of the Counts of Diez in Wormsgau does not speak against a Conradine descent, since the Wormsgau also belonged to the Conradine sphere of influence.

</doc>
<doc id="21635244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635244" title="James George Needham">
James George Needham

James George Needham (March 16, 1868, Virginia, Illinois- 1957) was an American entomologist
After studying with John Henry Comstock at Cornell University (1896–1898)he taught biology at Lake Forest University (1898–1907).In 1908 returned to Cornell as assistant professor of limnology.When Comstock retired in 1914, Needham became head of the Department of Entomology at Cornell until his retirement in 1935. 
Needham published numerous scientific articles, educational papers, and textbooks but is best known for the Comstock-Needham system for describing insect wing venation.
He was a Member of the Entomological Society of America, the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Limnological Society of America.

</doc>
<doc id="21635278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635278" title="1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 400 metre freestyle">
1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships – Women's 400 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 400 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 European Short Course Swimming Championships were held on the second day of the competition, on Saturday 12 December 1998 in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21635323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635323" title="Linda Bennett">
Linda Bennett

Linda Kristin Bennett OBE (born 8 September 1962) is an English-Icelandic clothing designer and entrepreneur, best known for setting up fashion retailer L.K.Bennett.
Early life.
Born in London, Bennett is the daughter of a London-based fashion retail entrepreneur, and an Icelandic sculptor mother. She grew up in North London, and was educated at Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls, Elstree and Reading University, where she read Land Management. She then trained as a cordwainer at Hackney’s Cordwainers College (now part of the London College of Fashion), and then working for French designer Robert Clergerie, before working on the sales floor of retailers Whistles and Joseph.
L.K.Bennett.
Bennett set up her first shop in Wimbledon Village, with a goal to produce "something in-between the designer footwear you find in Bond Street and those on the high street.” Bennett designed the Duchess of Cornwall’s wedding shoes for her marriage to Prince Charles in 2005. Because of her equal emphasis on comfort and glamour, Bennett earned the nickname “Queen of the Kitten Heel”.
Bennett sold a 70% stake in the business in 2007 to Phoenix Equity Partners and Sirius Equity, a retail and branded luxury goods investment company, in a deal believed to have netted her around £70m. Bennett remained on the board of the company as a non-executive director and retained a stake of about 30 per cent.
Awards.
Since setting up L.K.Bennett, she has won several awards, including: Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award (Consumer Product category) in 2002; Best Women’s Footwear Retailer (UK Footwear Award) in 2003; Veuve Clicquot Businesswoman of the Year in 2004; Entrepreneurs’ Entrepreneur award in 2009.
In 2004, Bennett was made an honorary fellow of the London College of Fashion, her alma mater, and she sits on the development council of the University of the Arts London, of which the London College of Fashion is a part.
In 2006, Bennett was awarded an OBE for services to the fashion industry in the New Year Honours list.

</doc>
<doc id="21635392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635392" title="TSU Tbilisi">
TSU Tbilisi

TSU Tbilisi is a Georgian association football club. The club played in Umaglesi Liga from 1996 until 2001, and withdrew from Pirveli Liga in 2004.
The club represent Tbilisi State University.

</doc>
<doc id="21635407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635407" title="Linda L. M. Bennett">
Linda L. M. Bennett

Linda Louise M. Bennett (born 1956, Cincinnati) was named president of the University of Southern Indiana (USI) by its Board of Trustees effective 2009 July 1, incumbent president H. Ray Hoops retiring on 2009 June 30. 
Bennett previously served at Wittenberg University, Northern Kentucky University, and Appalachian State University and as USI's provost and vice president for academic affairs. A professor of political science, Bennett has a publication record which includes joint-authorship, with her husband Stephen Earl Bennett, of "Living with Leviathan: Americans Coming to Terms with Big Government" (2007). According to Michael Margolis, 
Linda Bennett received her baccalaureate and master's degrees and her Ph.D. in political science all from the University of Cincinnati. The Bennetts reside in Evansville, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="21635427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635427" title="Madalena (film)">
Madalena (film)

Madalena () is a 1960 Greek comedy film directed by Dinos Dimopoulos. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21635490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635490" title="Rideback (song)">
Rideback (song)

"RIDEBACK" is the fifth single of I've Sound singer, Mell. It was released on March 4, 2009 which serves as the opening theme for the anime series "Rideback". The single has a Japanese version, a remix version and the instrumental version of the titular track in addition to the original English track.
The single came in a regular CD-only edition (GNCV-0016) and a limited CD+DVD edition (GNCV-0015) which contained the PV for RIDEBACK.

</doc>
<doc id="21635502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635502" title="Friedrich Berentzen">
Friedrich Berentzen

Friedrich Josef Maria Berentzen (11 September 1928 in Haselünne – 20 February 2009 in Bad Rothenfelde) was a German businessman known for the liquor manufacturer (Berentzen-Gruppe AG) he founded. He is credited with marketing apple flavor grain liquors (Apfelkorn) and establishing his company as the market leader in this product segment.

</doc>
<doc id="21635579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635579" title="The Ninth Wave">
The Ninth Wave

The Ninth Wave () is the best known painting by Russian Armenian marine painter Ivan Aivazovsky; it was painted in 1850.
The painting.
It depicts a sea after a night storm and people facing death attempting to save themselves by clinging to debris from a wrecked ship.
The painting has warm tones in which the sea appears to be not so menacing and giving a chance for the people to survive.
This painting is often called "the most beautiful painting in Russia".
Origin of the name.
Both English and Russian titles refer to the nautical tradition that waves grow larger and larger in a series up to the largest wave, the ninth (or tenth) wave, at which point the series starts again.
Where displayed.
It is displayed in the Russian Museum in Saint Petersburg [http://www.artsstudio.com/reproductions/new_aivazovsky_ninth_wave-2.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="21635629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635629" title="Jordan Smith">
Jordan Smith

Jordan Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21635654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635654" title="Original masters of taekwondo">
Original masters of taekwondo

Original masters of taekwondo is a group of twelve South Korean martial art masters assembled by the Korea Taekwon-Do Association (KTA) in the early 1960s to promote the newly established art of taekwondo. In alphabetical order following Korean naming conventions, they are: Choi Chang Keun, Choi Kwang Jo, Han Cha Kyo, Kim Jong Chan, Kim Kwang Il, Kong Young Il, Park Jong Soo, Park Jung Tae, Park Sun Jae, Rhee Chong Chul, Rhee Chong Hyup, and Rhee Ki Ha.
The group came under the leadership of Choi Hong Hi (1918–2002), inaugural President of the KTA and later founder of the International Taekwon-Do Federation (ITF), and Nam Tae Hi (1929–2013), known as the Father of Vietnamese Taekwondo. Many of these men held senior positions in the ITF under Choi, but several left over time. Most of the men settled in North America, while others settled in Europe or Australia.
The phrase "original masters of taekwondo" is used to describe this group of men, but does not indicate that they were the first (or original) masters in the KTA. The leaders of the nine kwans that unified to form the KTA was a different group of men who, while perhaps senior to some of those listed as "original masters of taekwondo", were practising arts with other names, such as tae soo do, kong soo do, and others. Some of those leaders resisted using the name taekwondo. The men in the present group were among the first to adopt and promote the name taekwondo.
History.
Demonstrations and tours.
The original masters of taekwondo featured in the earliest demonstrations of taekwondo as a Korean martial art outside South Korea. The following table summarises demonstrations or instructional tours for which references are available.
Relationship with H. H. Choi.
Many of the original masters of taekwondo went on to prominent roles in the ITF in the late 1960s and 1970s. As time passed and many of these masters left the ITF, their photographs were removed from Choi's series of taekwondo textbooks and replaced with photographs of current ITF masters. One of the main reasons for their departure was Choi's insistence on initiating relationships with North Korea, during a period in which that country and South Korea were "technically at war" (Gillis, 2003, p. 104; C. K. Choi, 2010, p. 147), or at best, had "no diplomatic relations" (C. K. Choi, 2010, p. 147) or "no diplomatic ties" (World Taekwon-Do Alliance). At least one of the masters reported that it was with regret that he stopped supporting Choi. North and South Korea are still considered to be technically at war.
Seven of the masters settled in North America: Chang Keun Choi (Canada, 1970), Kwang Jo Choi (USA, 1970), Cha Kyo Han (USA, 1971), Jong Chan Kim (Canada), Young Il Kong (USA, c. 1968), Jong Soo Park (Canada, 1968), and Jung Tae Park (Canada, 1970). The leaders of the group also settled in North America: H. H. Choi moved to Canada and T. H. Nam settled in the USA. Three of the masters settled in Europe: Kwang Il Kim (West Germany, now Germany, c. 1970), Sun Jae Park (Italy, c. 1970), and Ki Ha Rhee (United Kingdom, 1967). Two of the masters settled in Australia: Chong Chul Rhee (c. 1965), and Chong Hyup Rhee (c. 1970).
C. K. Choi, J. C. Kim, Y. I. Kong, J. S. Park, and K. H. Rhee have maintained the strongest links with the ITF. H. H. Choi had personally promoted C. K. Choi to 8th "dan" (1981), Y. I Kong to 9th "dan" (1997), and K. H. Rhee to 9th "dan" (1997). Strangely missing are Park Bu Kwang and Kang Ik Mu.
Biographies.
The following table summarises the status of the twelve original masters of taekwondo.
Choi Chang Keun.
C. K. Choi was born around 1940 in Korea. He began his martial arts training in the South Korean army in 1956, studying taekwondo and karate. Choi taught taekwondo in Malaysia from 1964, and moved to Vancouver, Canada, in 1970. In 1973, he held the rank of 7th "dan". Choi was promoted to 8th "dan" in 1981 by H. H. Choi, and attained the rank of 9th "dan" in 2002. He is still based in Vancouver.
Choi Kwang Jo.
K. J. Choi was born on 2 March 1942, in Daegu, Korea. His martial art training began when he was still a child, learning kwon bup. Choi served in the South Korean military and came into contact with H. H. Choi there. Around 1966–1967, he taught taekwondo in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore. Choi moved to the United States of America in 1970 to seek medical treatment for injuries sustained from martial arts training. In 1987, he founded his own martial art system and organisation, Choi Kwang-Do. He is presently based in Atlanta. Choi holds the rank of 9th "dan" in his own martial art, Choi Kwang-Do.
Han Cha Kyo.
C. K. Han was born on 20 July 1934 in Seoul, Korea. He trained under three martial art masters: Tae Hi Nam, Duk Sung Son, and Woon Kyu Um. Han was the first of the original masters of taekwondo to demonstrate overseas, participating in the March 1959 tour of Taiwan and Vietnam. Following a career in the South Korean military, he emigrated to the United States of America in 1971, settling in Chicago. Han founded his own organisation, the Universal Tae Kwon Do Federation, around 1980. He continued teaching taekwondo until his death in 1996.
Kim Jong Chan.
J. C. Kim was born in 1937. He taught taekwondo in Malaysia in the mid-1960s. In 1979, ranked 7th "dan", he taught and demonstrated in Argentina along with C. K. Choi, J. T. Park, and K. H. Rhee. A letter by Kim published in the July 1985 issue of "Black Belt" magazine lists his title at the time as President of the 'World Tukido Council.' He is based in Vancouver, Canada.
Kim Kwang Il.
K. I. Kim contributed to the introduction of taekwondo into West Germany. He was head instructor of the ITF in West Germany, but was relieved of this duty in October 1971. In 1975, Kim was ranked 6th "dan". He promoted Rolf Becking, head of the ITF Germany Technical Committee, to the rank of 2nd "dan" in 1976 in Stuttgart, West Germany. Between 1974 and 1977 Kim had a restaurant in Stuttgart and had completed training as a Brewmeister prior to 1974.
Kong Young Il.
Y. I. Kong was born in 1943 in Korea. He began training in the martial arts as a child in 1952, starting with Shotokan karate. From 1963 to 1967, Kong served in the South Korean army, attaining the rank of Sergeant. He participated in several demonstration tours across the world. Following a career in the South Korean military, Kong emigrated to the United States of America just before or in 1968. He and his younger brother, Young Bo Kong, founded the Young Brothers Taekwondo Associates in 1968. Kong was promoted to the rank of 9th "dan" in 1997 by H. H. Choi in Poland. He is presently based in Las Vegas.
Park Jong Soo.
J. S. Park was born in 1941 in Chung-Nam, Korea. He trained in taekwondo under H. H. Choi. In 1965, he was invited to be the coach of the German Taekwon-Do Association, and moved from South Korea to West Germany. The following year, he moved to the Netherlands and founded the Netherlands Taekwon-Do Association. In 1968, Park settled in Toronto, Canada. Park holds the rank of 9th "dan", and is still based in Toronto.
Park Jung Tae.
J. T. Park was born in 1943 or 1944 in Korea. He began training in the martial arts as a child, starting with boxing before moving on to judo and then taekwondo. From 1965 to 1967, Park directed military taekwondo training in Vietnam. He emigrated to Canada where he met his future wife, Linda, in Toronto in 1970. In 1984, Park was ranked 8th "dan" in the ITF. He founded his own organisation, the Global Taekwon-Do Federation (GTF), on 14 June 1990—the year after his departure from the ITF due to North–South Korean political issues. Park was based in Mississauga until his death in 2002.
Park Sun Jae.
S. J. Park is a pioneer of taekwondo in Italy. In 1964, he visited Croatia to present seminars on his art. He introduced taekwondo to Italy around 1968. In 1968, he was ranked 5th "dan", and in 1975, he was ranked 7th "dan". He was elected Vice-President (Italy) in the European Tae Kwon Do Union (within the World Taekwondo Federation) at the union's inaugural meeting in 1976. In 2002, he was a member of the arbitration board for the WTF's World Cup Taekwondo championship in Tokyo. On 15 February 2004, the Executive Council of the WTF elected him as Acting President of the WTF following Un Yong Kim's resignation from the presidency of the organisation. He is currently Vice President (Italy) of the WTF. Park was President of the Federazione Italiana Taekwondo (Italian Taekwondo Federation) around 1998, and still held the position as of 2008 and 2009.
Rhee Chong Chul.
C. C. Rhee was born around 1935 in Korea. As a youth, he trained in martial arts, basketball, boxing, gymnastics, and weights. Later, he was an instructor in the Korean Marines for three years, teaching unarmed combat to the Marine Commandoes, Marine Brigade Headquarters, and the Marine 2nd Infantry Division. Rhee helped introduce the art of taekwondo to Southeast Asia—most notably in Malaysia and Singapore, but also in Hong Kong, Indonesia, and Brunei. He founded his own organisation, Rhee Taekwon-Do, in Adelaide, Australia, around 1965. Rhee came to be known as the Father of Australian Taekwondo. He is presently based in Sydney.
Rhee Chong Hyup.
C. H. Rhee was born around 1940 in Korea. In the mid-1960s, he contributed to the introduction of taekwondo to Malaysia and Singapore. He arrived in Australia in 1970 and settled in Melbourne, Australia. Rhee is in charge of Rhee Taekwon-Do operations in Melbourne.
Rhee Ki Ha.
K. H. Rhee was born on 20 March 1938 in Seoul, Korea. His martial arts training began when he was around 7 or 8 years of age, learning judo from his father. He later learned karate from one of his schoolteachers. When Rhee served in the South Korean military forces, he came into contact with H. H. Choi and learned taekwondo in the 35th Infantry Division. From February 1964, he taught taekwondo to Royal Air Force personnel in Singapore. He emigrated to London on 2 July 1967. He attained the rank of 8th "dan" in 1981, and was promoted to 9th "dan" by H. H. Choi on 1 July 1997 in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Rhee came to be known as the Father of British Taekwondo, as well as the Father of Irish Taekwondo. He is now based in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="21635660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635660" title="Dinos Dimopoulos">
Dinos Dimopoulos

Dinos Dimopoulos (; 22 August 1921 – 28 February 2003) was a Greek actor, film director, screenwriter and theatre director. He directed 47 films between 1953 and 1993.
His 1959 film "Astero" was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival. His 1960 film "Madalena" was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival. He wrote also some theatrical plays.

</doc>
<doc id="21635679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635679" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2009)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2009)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 2009, by order of first appearance.
Martha Fraser.
Martha Fraser is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". She is portrayed by Stephanie Beacham. Her first appearance was 26 January 2009. Beacham described her character as living a very solitary and lonely life. A set was built specially for Beacham's scenes, which meant, to her regret, she didn't get to appear in the Rovers.
Ken Barlow (William Roache) is walking his dog, Eccles, near the canal when the dog chases after some ducks and falls into the freezing water. As Ken tries to get Eccles out, Martha extends a fishing net from her boat and manages to save her. Martha offers Ken and Eccles a place to warm up, and Ken gratefully accepts.
Martha and Ken bond quickly over their shared love for literature. She tells him she has been living on a boat for seven years, ever since she split from her philandering husband. Ken confides in her about his troubled son, Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne). When Martha asks about Valerie Barlow (Anne Reid), Peter's mother, Ken tells her she is dead. Martha assumes that Ken is a widower, and Ken keeps quiet about his marriage to Deirdre. Ken visits her again several days later, and learns that she is now starring in a local production of "A Streetcar Named Desire".
In March 2009, Martha and Ken finally kiss. Ken tells Martha that he is married on 2 April 2009. She is devastated and tells him to leave. However, he keeps pestering her to admit that she has feelings for him as he tells her that he is in love with her. Despite this, she isn't interested, especially when she discovers that Deirdre didn't know about their affair. Their relationship is discovered by Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls), after her ex-partner Ted Page (Michael Byrne), who had known about the affair, is forced to admit it. Audrey tells Ken's son Peter.
On 1 May 2009, Ken visits Martha again, where she tells him that she loves him too and they sleep together. As Ken is leaving, she tells him that she will soon be moving as she is working on a new play, and asks him to go with her. On 4 May, Martha is delighted when Ken arrives with a suitcase, saying that he is ready to join her. As she sails away, she looks back and sees Ken standing on the bridge; he changed his mind at the last minute.
She is still frequently mentioned, most often by Deirdre (Anne Kirkbride), clearly illustrating just how much her affair with Ken has stained their marriage. She was most recently spoken of when Ken discovered that Deirdre had kissed Lewis Archer (Nigel Havers) and refused to talk to her, to which Deirdre reminded him that what she'd done was nowhere near as bad as what he'd done with Martha. They quickly made up. 
Ben Richardson.
Ben Richardson, played by Lucien Laviscount, first appeared on 2 February 2009. Ben was added to the cast of "Coronation Street" with Sian (Sacha Parkinson), they were both friends of Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent), and formed a new group of teenagers with Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson).
Ben is the captain of his school's swimming team and soon embarks on a relationship with Sophie. He takes Sophie to the church youth theatre where she decides to become a Christian. In May 2009, he persuades Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) to return to school telling him he will stand up to Kenzie Judd and the other bullies if they hassle him again. On 10 July 2009, at Sally Webster's (Sally Dynevor) birthday party, Rosie (Helen Flanagan) winds Sophie up by flirting with Ben. Sophie finally flips by throwing a drink over Rosie. However, her actions cause Sophie more problems when Ben tells Sophie he doesn't go out with drunk girls who fight. He then breaks up with Sophie but they eventually make up. In November 2009, he moves in with Ryan and Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh) for a period when his parents go to Southampton.
On 18 December 2009, Ben kisses Ryan's mother, Michelle. He is dismayed by his actions and then moves out, thinking it is for the best. Ryan is instantly disgusted by what has happened, and this leads to him not speaking to Ben. Sophie then finds out on 21 December when Ryan tells her as they meet up on the street. At first Sophie does not believe him, accusing Ryan of being jealous and by then fighting back, saying that Michelle has slept with several other men. She then realises what has happened when she sees Ben, and apologises to Ryan for the things she said. Ben and Sophie's relationship ends and he leaves the Street.
Paula Carp.
Paula Carp is the mother of established character Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh). She first appears on 27 February 2009, having a drink with her daughter and meeting old friend Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) for the first time in years. She surprises Eileen by revealing that she gave birth to Julie when she was 14. Paula and Eileen meet several times at Eileen's house but Paula leaves quickly on one occasion when Colin (Edward de Souza), Eileen's father, enters as she feels awkward around him.
On 27 April 2009, at Colin's 70th birthday party in the Rovers, Paula arrives, looking for Julie, thinking that Julie and Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) have slept together. Julie and Paula get into an argument over why they can't be together with Paula revealing that they are related and announces to a shocked Eileen and the rest of the pub that Colin is Julie's father. At first Eileen blames Paula for wrecking her parents' marriage but then comes to realise that Paula has been the victim. When Paula calls to see her a few days later, Eileen makes peace with her.
After Colin comes out of hospital, following a stroke, Paula goes to the police. When they come to the house he dies suddenly of a heart attack and Julie (who was getting to know and love her father) makes it clear she feels Paula is to blame and tells her to go and never come back. In May 2013, Paula had broken her hip while ice skating, and Julie went to take care of her. Julie returned to Coronation Street in August, after her mother was well again. In December 2013 Julie announced she rang her mother every Sunday and that she has a pet dog, that she often loses.
Christina.
Christina dropped in at the bookies soon after Peter Barlow's (Chris Gascoyne) return to Weatherfield. Peter's employee at the bookies, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson), who also happened to be Peter's girlfriend, believed he'd spent his time away in rehab, but Christina said that he'd left rehab early to spend time with a mate on her father's yacht in the Mediterranean, and that she'd had a fling with him. Christina had no idea of Leanne's existence, and seemed more amused than annoyed at being kept in the dark by Peter. When Peter attempted to deny their affair, Christina told him to grow up, and quickly departed.
Umed Alahan.
Umed Alahan first appeared in March 2009 to visit his nephew Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin). He soon became suspicious of Dev's girlfriend Tara Mandal (Ayesha Dharker), believing that she was taking advantage of Dev's money. Umed usually appeared in comical scenes, involving himself and his family.
In May 2009, Umed claimed that he knew and inspired the band Cornershop, giving them the incentive for the name as he has a history of running Indian corner stores. He also commented about the fact that their hit song, Brimful of Asha, was about Bollywood singer Asha Bhosle. Umed spent most of his time in the corner shop, which Dev owned; he also worked there. Umed usually spent his time chatting to his great niece Amber (Nikki Patel) or employee Molly Compton (Vicky Binns) while in the shop.
In October 2009, Umed installed a new bell at the corner shop, annoying and driving many residents to distraction. Graeme Proctor (Craig Gazey) managed to knock the bell off and break it while pretending to clean the windows.
Umed took pity on Teresa Bryant (Karen Henthorn) after Dev fired and evicted her, allowing her to make curry in Prima Doner, and managing to patch things up between her and Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles). When Dev found out about the curry business, Umed confessed to having lost his own business through a gambling addiction. He decided to return to India on 16 October 2009, giving Dev a hug goodbye.
Justin Turner.
Justin Turner first appeared while working with Tara Mandal (Ayesha Dharker) in her new art gallery. He took photos which Tara considered high quality, but which her boyfriend and backer Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) saw as difficult to sell. Dev secretly purchased some of the photos to boost Tara's confidence, but when she found out, she dumped him. Before she took him back, he slept with Lisa Dalton (Ruth Alexander Rubin) and lied to Tara about it. When Tara learned of his fling, she worked with Justin to convince Dev to take naked photographs, making him believe they would be kept private. Instead, Tara had a gathering in the middle of the Street and horrified Dev by unveiling a huge naked photo with LIAR scrawled across his privates in red paint.
Private Investigator.
Private Investigator was hired by Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) to gather information on new business partner Luke Strong (Craig Kelly). After a few weeks, Tom Kerrigan (Philip McGinley) told Luke he was being followed, and Luke led the investigator on a wild goose chase. Tony parted ways with him, but did learn about the poor state of Luke's finances.
Rick Peach.
Rick Peach was a vicar who was involved in scenes with Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent) and Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones).
During Easter Sunday, he allowed people to bring their animals to the church, and Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) brought his rabbit. Blanche wasn't happy however after she stood in dog excrement, and accused Rick of using the animals as an excuse to get people to come to the church, Rick found this funny. Sophie revealed that she would be baptised by Rick as he had brought Jesus into her life.
During a memorial service on Christmas Eve 2010 in respect to the victims of a recent Tram Crash in Coronation Street, Rick was conducting the service. However it was interrupted with the return of Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) who was released from prison.
Connie Rathbone.
Connie Rathbone is a close friend of Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey). She first appears on 17 April 2009, when she discovers one of Jack's missing pigeons and returns it to him. Connie and Jack get friendly as they chat about both being widowed. As Connie's visits become more frequent, Tyrone (Alan Halsall) gets annoyed, seeing it as an insult to Jack's deceased wife Vera's (Liz Dawn) memory. In May, Connie invites Jack on holiday to Spain with her. Jack is afraid of what Tyrone will think of him and Connie going on holiday together, he lies and says he is going to Blackpool. In July, he visits Connie at her house and is amazed to discover that she is rich and lives in a lavish mansion. Tyrone is initially hostile towards Connie as he sees her as an insult to memories of Vera and believing she is after Jack's money but comes round after seeing her big house. Jack moves in with Connie in September 2009.
In November 2009, Jack and Connie join Tyrone in the Rovers for a drink. After Connie leaves, Jack tells Tyrone he is worried that she wants more than companionship. Jack then hides out at Tyrone's until Connie catches up with him and reveals it is only a misunderstanding about her sleepwalking, much to Jack's relief.
Connie and Jack join Tyrone, Molly (Vicky Binns), Pam Hobsworth (Kate Anthony) and Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) for Christmas Day 2009.
Connie returns in November 2010 to attend Jack's 74th birthday. After returning from his party at the Rovers, Connie, Tyrone and Molly discover that Jack has died in his armchair of cancer. She attends his funeral and goes to Blackpool with Tyrone and Molly to scatter his ashes.
After Molly's funeral and upon Tyrone discovering Molly's affair with Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell), Connie tries to help and comfort him but his emotions get the better of him and a tearful Connie leaves his house. She has not been seen since. In December 2011, Tyrone received a Christmas card from Connie in which she says that he should visit her sometime. In December 2012, Tyrone lied to abusive fiance Kirsty (Natalie Gumede) that he was going to visit Connie so that he could spend time with Fiz (Jennie McAlpine).
Ramsay Clegg.
Ramsay Leonard Clegg is the half brother of Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden).
On 15 May 2009, Ramsay (Andrew Sachs) comes to "The Kabin" looking for a 'Mr Norris Cole', and as Rita asks if he wants to leave a message, he leaves without speaking. He later arrives in the pub and Norris asks him to leave. Emily and Rita are very surprised as they don't know what has happened in the past. Norris accuses Ramsay of murdering their mother, saying that he still 'had blood on his hands'. Later, it emerges that Ramsay is Norris's older illegitimate half-brother, who was sent to Australia as a child. Norris blames Ramsay for their mother's death, claiming that the shock of him reappearing in her life caused her demise.
Ramsay returns to the Street after a long absence because he secretly knows that he doesn't have long to live, thanks to an inoperable brain tumour. He wants to make amends with Norris before he dies. Norris's friend/landlady Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire) takes a shine to Ramsay, and the pair become close. He tries making friends with Norris repeatedly but he remains hostile. Clutching at straws, Ramsay shows Norris around a vacant apartment in Victoria Court and suggests they could live together. Norris rejects the idea and Ramsay decides to return to Australia, leaving on 27 August 2009, after sharing a tender moment with Emily. Norris refuses to forgive him and Ramsay leaves, disappointed, in the back of a taxi.
Norris and Emily are later shocked to hear that, on arrival in Australia, Ramsay was found dead on the plane. Ramsay leaves his estate to Norris, who initially tells Emily to take the trunk to her charity shop but she refuses, insisting Norris go through it first. In the trunk, Norris finds a pile of letters that Ramsay had written to their mother, all returned unopened, and in Ramsay's wallet, a cold note from Eunice, asking him not to get in touch again as she had another son and his appearance in their lives would ruin everything. Devastated, Norris wishes that he had been more receptive to Ramsay but accepts that it is now too late.
Ruth Deller of entertainment website lowculture.co.uk criticises Ramsay, citing his inclusion in the series as opportunistic, also stating: "Ramsay was by far people's most loathed this month. Brought in as a publicity stunt after the Brand/Ross affair and dropped shortly after, Andrew Sachs's Ramsay was a rare example of an old man character being seen by fans as a ‘Mary-Sue’ (i.e. someone we’re supposed to think is wonderful but generally don’t – usually reserved for someone much younger). There was great rejoicing when he left this month, and hopefully the best mature cast in soap will soon recover from this minor blip."
Vinnie Powers.
Vinnie Powers is the father of Sian Powers (Sacha Parkinson). He is first seen driving around Weatherfield looking for Sian's boyfriend Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson), when Vinnie finds him, he accuses Ryan of raping his daughter. Vinnie appears again in January 2010. During his return, he sends Sian packing to Southport to stay with her mother after discovering that she has been sexually active with Ryan. Vinnie returns to the Street in on 27 September 2010, when Sian informs him that she is in a lesbian relationship with Sophie, and ends up in row with Sophie's mother Sally (Sally Dynevor), who defends their relationship.
Vanessa.
Vanessa is a guest character who appeared in June 2009. She met Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) on a singles night and became smitten with him after he falsely told her that he served in the army. She met up with Bill again for a double date with Pam Hobsworth (Kate Anthony) and a bachelor called Gilbert. In her efforts to impress Gilbert, Pam pretended to be a concert pianist but Vanessa soon saw through her.
Gilbert.
Gilbert briefly courted Pam Hobsworth (Kate Anthony). When going out for a meal, along with Vanessa and Bill Webster (Peter Armitage), Vanessa suggested Pam play the piano for everyone, since she claimed to be a pianist. However, Pam fooled him by saying that she had injured her wrist and needed him to get some ice. He went for help but Vanessa knew that Pam was lying.
Howard Lee.
Howard Lee was the leader of an Alcoholics Anonymous group Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) attended.
Ross.
Ross was a member of the Alcoholics Anonymous group which Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) joined. The first time Peter attended the group, Ross's graphic stories upset Peter and made him leave early. Peter began attending meetings on a more regular basis, and invited his family. When Ross proceeded to tell another long story, Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones) told him to stop feeling sorry for himself. This led to finger-pointing and confessions from the rest of the Barlow family. Before they stormed out, Ken Barlow (William Roache) offered some words of comfort to Ross.
Leon.
Leon is a fictional character in Coronation Street, playing the part of the new love interest for Sean Tully (Antony Cotton).
Leon made his first appearance on 3 July 2009 after he and Sean, saw eye-to-eye at the gym while Sean was attending with Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas).
A few weeks later, he told Leon that Jason was his boyfriend but then after talking to Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh) he decided to tell Leon that Jason had 'dumped' him and tried to ask him out, however it was revealed that Leon wasn't into camp men.
Leon was captain of a gay football team which Jason joined, oblivious to this fact. Leon told Sean at a celebration party that he had fallen for Jason. Sean knew that his lies had gone too far and revealed to him that Jason was straight. Leon was still not convinced. However, after a drunk Jason regained consciousness after winning the 'Mr. Gay Weatherfield' award, he began to wonder where he was. Leon was shocked and Sean quickly left with a heavily drunk Jason.
In September 2009, Leon turned up at Jason and Tina's house-warming party and angrily told Jason that he was disqualified from the Mr. Gay UK competition as he wasn't 'one of his people' and accused Jason of homophobia, all thanks to Sean's lies going too far.
Liam Connor Jr..
Liam Anthony Connor Jr. is the son of the late Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) and his widow Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie). Twins Ollie and Elliot Barnett portrayed Liam until 2012, and have been credited in the role from 5 January to August 2012. From 3 October 2012, Liam is played by Charlie Wrenshall.
Liam Jr. was born on 1 July 2009, three weeks postmaturely after Maria took a long walk on Southport Beach with Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien). Tony ran off after her dog Ozzy and Maria went into labour alone, however, Tony returned and after being unable to phone for an ambulance delivered the baby himself in a beach hut. Maria was then taken to hospital with her baby boy and named him Liam (after his father) Anthony (after Tony) Connor Jr. Liam Jr was brought home by Maria and Tony. On 26 November Liam left with Maria, Barry Connor (Frank Grimes) and Helen Connor (Sorcha Cusack) Connor to go to Ireland. On 7 June 2010 Liam returned with Maria where they faced Tony Gordon. The next day, they both leave for Ireland again after Tony blows up the factory causing him to die. On 23 July, Maria and Liam return for Audrey's 70th birthday. They currently live in the flat above Audrey's Salon. In 2012, Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou) bonds with Liam much to his partner Sean's annoyance. Marcus attends an Easter play with Maria and Liam. Sean becomes jealous of Marcus and Liam's bond and arranges for his own son Dylan Wilson (Connor and Liam McCheyne) to visit.
Naomi Collins.
Naomi Collins is a nurse who briefly dated Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne).
Naomi first saw Peter while she was having a drink with a mate in the Rovers. He managed to convince her to go out on a date with him. They spent the night together, and the next morning, Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones), Ken Barlow (William Roache), and Peter's young son Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) walked in on them kissing in the living room. Simon joined Naomi and Peter for a meal, but Simon felt like Naomi didn't want him around, so Peter broke up with her.
Zoe Willson.
Zoe Willson first appeared in September 2009 at Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) and Tina McIntyre's (Michelle Keegan) housewarming party as the new girlfriend of David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd). She reappeared in November, when David introduced her to his mother Gail (Helen Worth) and partner Joe McIntyre (Reece Dinsdale). She helped Kirk (Andrew Whyment) and Chesney (Sam Aston) paint the house when John Stape (Graeme Hawley) was due home from prison. When David appeared more concerned for a drunken Tina recklessly wandering the street after a fallout with Jason, Zoe was convinced he still had feelings for Tina and she warned him that she'd call her ex-boyfriend if he left. Zoe stormed off after he did.
Sheila Wheeler.
Sheila Wheeler first appeared when she applied for the position of a shop assistant at "The Kabin" to work for Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden). However, Norris soon found her too irritating to work with and sacked her.
Joan.
Joan first appeared when she applied for the position of a shop assistant at "The Kabin" to work for Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden). Norris then hired her but then found her very quiet and struggled to work with her. Though not sacking her on-screen, he gave her an angry look and the scene ended. In the next scene set in the Kabin, Norris is seen writing another job vacancy notice, which implied that he had dismissed Joan.
Jake Harman.
Jake Harman is a character played by Kenny Doughty, his character is a love interest for Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). He makes his on-screen debut on 28 October 2009, when Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) hires him to fix Michelle's roof. However, he falls from the ladder and Michelle has to get out of the bath to stop him from falling. In the midst of their encounter, Michelle's towel drops, much to her embarrassment. Jake soon kisses her and a shocked Michelle gets rid of him.
The next day, Jake tries the same trick again and Michelle has him arrested. Meanwhile, Dev refuses to pay for Jake's work on the roof, leading to Jake removing half the tiles from Dev's own roof. In an attempt to go on a date with Michelle, he opts to "return the favour" and goes into the Rover Return, wearing just a towel - threatening to drop it if she declines his invitation, Michelle agrees and later goes on a date after she admits she overreacted. Jake then gets a job offer in Cumbria and Michelle, although tempted, doesn't join him.
Jake returns on New Year's Eve to take Michelle out on one last date together to a hotel as he announces that he would be leaving soon to do a job away from Manchester
George Wilson.
George Wilson is the father of Peter Barlow's (Chris Gascoyne) late wife Lucy (Katy Carmichael). On his first appearance, Peter is hostile towards him, however, he later softens and agrees to let him see his grandson Simon (Alex Bain). George also visits Ken (William Roache) and Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride), while Deirdre's mother Blanche (Maggie Jones) is smitten with him.
On 20 November 2009, George and wife Eve join the Barlows for dinner. However, Blanche gets drunk and reveals Peter's past as an alcoholic and girlfriend Leanne's (Jane Danson) as a hooker and arsonist. George storms out but later apologises for his behaviour. George gradually begins to use his considerable wealth to win round Peter, Simon and Leanne, much to Ken's chagrin. He also supports Peter's plans to open a bar on the Street and assists him in the development, prompting Ken to continually argue with both George and Peter.
After Peter is admitted to rehab to recover, in February 2010, George takes custody of Simon much to the dislike of Peter who is arrested after confronting and threatening George at his home. George later announces to Eve that he plans to take full custody of Simon.
The following month while on a short holiday in Blackpool, Simon runs away from George and Eve, which leads to Peter quickly rushing to Blackpool to find his son. The Barlows and The Wilsons are in dismay as they spend hours looking for Simon. However, Simon returns to Weatherfield the following day after taking a train home. Peter and his family are delighted to have Simon back to them but Peter later lets George know that he wants him to stay away from his son before George expresses how sorry he is about the incident.
George later sends a wreath at Blanche's funeral and allows Leanne's ex-husband, Nick Tilsley (Ben Price), to use the premises that was originally going to be used as their bar as a temporary factory after UnderWorld is burnt down by Carla Connor's (Alison King) ex-husband Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien), who had escaped from prison.
Eve Wilson.
Eve Wilson is portrayed by actor Sabina Franklyn. She is the second wife of George Wilson (Anthony Valentine), Simon Barlow's (Alex Bain) grandfather.
On 20 November 2009, George and Eve join the Barlows for dinner. However, Blanche (Maggie Jones) gets drunk and reveals Peter's (Chris Gascoyne) past as an alcoholic and Leanne's (Jane Danson) as a hooker and arsonist. George storms out but later apologizes for his behaviour.
After Peter ruins the opening of his new bar and is admitted to rehab, George and Eve take custody of Simon as they worry about his well being. While they holiday in Blackpool, George reveals his plans to take Simon away from the Barlows, an idea which Eve firmly opposes. This leads to an argument between the couple, which Simon overhears and subsequently disappears. Simon later makes his way home to a thrilled Peter and Leanne who tell George to stay way from Simon.
Horace Steel.
Horace Steel was a very brief assistant to Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) at The Kabin. He first appeared in an episode airing on 6 November 2009. The character was described as similar to Norris, (nosey and likes to talk a lot.) On his first appearance, Norris was impressed by their share of similar values, tendency to gossip and act quite snobbish. However, it seemed he was worse than Norris at upsetting customers - calling Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) rude after Simon innocently said he looked like Norris. Norris told him they needed a little chat. Horace later walked out of the Kabin, which implied that he had lost his job.
Rick Neelan.
Rick Neelan, played by Greg Wood, made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 9 November 2009. In April 2012, it was announced Wood would be reprising his role. Rick began appearing from 7 May 2012.
Rick is a loan shark who gives a loan to Joe McIntyre (Reece Dinsdale), who needs money due to being in debt. After Joe fails to pay back the money, Rick goes to his house and Joe gives him his van and promises him he will get the rest of the money. Rick returns numerous times in the following months. He pretends to be interested in buying Joe's fiancee Gail Platt's (Helen Worth) house, before demanding money from Joe. He then pretends to be interested in Joe's daughter Tina's (Michelle Keegan) flat. Joe then threatens Rick telling him to stay away from him and his family, but Rick warns him to have the money soon.
Joe borrows £4,000 from Gail's father Ted Page (Michael Byrne) and gives it to Rick and tells him he will not get anything else from him and that their debt is settled, which Rick agrees with. However, a week later Rick turns up at Joe's wedding and tells him that he wants £500 a week for the next 10 weeks making a total of £5000 and that this is "interest". He also tells Joe that if he doesn't pay up he will break his arms and legs. Two weeks later after Joe and Gail return from their honeymoon Joe is walking home from the pub alone and Rick's car pulls up alongside Joe and Rick has one of his heavies. Rick asks Joe for his next instalment but as Joe is unable to pay Rick and the heavy gets out and chase him. Joe is able to outrun them and hides in the ginnel, whilst Rick looks around for him, unsuccessfully.
A few weeks later, after Joe's death, Rick returns to the Street and threatens Gail on her doorstep, demanding his money. She refuses to give him any money and he leaves. The next day Rick returns again and after visiting Gail, again unsuccessfully, he confronts Tina and her boyfriend Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) at the door of their flat. Jason tells Rick he will not be getting any money off them. Rick goes to the local newsagents, The Kabin, and returns with a newspaper, which he sets alight before putting it through Jason and Tina's letter box. After Jason puts the fire out and runs out into the street, Rick waves at Jason and speeds off in his car before Jason can catch him. A couple of weeks later the police inform Gail and Tina that they are questioning Rick in connection with Joe's death. Later on they confirm that he will to be charged with his previous crimes but that he was not involved in Joe's death. 
In May 2012, Rick returns to collect money from a loan that he gave to Terry Duckworth (Nigel Pivaro). Terry owes Rick £19,000 and Tina who is now Terry's son Tommy's (Chris Fountain) girlfriend recognises him. After Rick and two heavies threaten Tina in a new lap-dancing club Terry is planning on opening, Tommy pays £10,000 of the debt with money he had inherited from his late grandfather, before Terry flees, leaving Tommy to pay the rest of the debt.
After asking Tommy to perform a series of crimes to pay back his father's debt, Rick orders Tommy to drop off a bag of drugs in Amsterdam. Tina is outraged that Tommy is working for the man she holds responsible for her father's death and takes the drugs from the car and drives to the local canal. She rings Rick and threatens to throw the drugs into the canal. Rick arrives at the scene, but has kidnapped Tina's friend Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox) who is due to get married. After a confrontation and stand-off by the canalside in which Rick threatens to throw Rita into the canal, Tina is forced to hand over the drugs and Rick lets go of Rita, picks up the drugs and gets ready to leave for Amsterdam. But unbeknownst to Rick, Tina had already informed the police to his plan and they arrive just as he is leaving, led by Kirsty Soames (Natalie Gumede), and arrest Rick. He is last seen being put into the back of a police van. The next day Kirsty informs Tina that Rick is facing a prison sentence of at least eight years and that they are rounding up his gang.
Bernie Sayers.
Bernie Sayers is a golf instructor. She first appeared when Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) took golf lessons to try to be better than Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). After his first lesson, Dev took Bernie to the Rovers where Steve was agitated upon seeing her; it soon transpired Steve had also been taking golf lessons with her without Dev's knowledge. Bernie soon began a relationship with Dev. In December 2009, Dev discovered that ex-wife Sunita Parekh (Shobna Gulati) was engaged to Matt Davis (Christopher Colquhoun), a man Bernie was also giving golf lessons to. After several confrontations with them, Dev ordered Bernie to cancel Matt's lessons and argued with her about his children. On 14 December, Dev tried to make it up with Bernie over lunch by asking her to move in with him. Bernie however, knew he was only doing it to get back at Sunita and dumped him.
Matt Davis.
Matt Davis is the fiancee of Sunita Alahan (Shobna Gulati). He first appeared on 4 December 2009, as an acquaintance of Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) at the golf club. Dev soon discovered Matt was engaged to his ex Sunita, and was extremely jealous, barging into their house and arguing with them both several times, claiming he didn't want somebody else bringing up his kids. Dev and Sunita eventually reached a truce and all three ended up on better terms. Matt himself, however, began to feel sidelined when Dev took a more active role in looking after the kids and cracks started to show in his relationship with Sunita. In mid-January 2010, Sunita informed a secretly delighted Dev that she and Matt had broken up.
Matt briefly returned on 22 February 2010 to try and resolve things with Sunita but was surprised when Dev was there and assumed he had got back with Sunita himself. In actuality, Dev was pretending to be married to Sunita to fool her aunts, Upma and Grishma. After Dev told the aunts that Matt was the kids' Maths tutor, a confused and rejected Matt left.
Claudia Colby.
Claudia Colby arrives as an old friend of Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls).
On 5 October 2009, it was announced that Rula Lenska would portray Claudia. A Coronation Street spokesperson said: "Rula will play a glamorous friend of Audrey's who she meets up with at a function. She makes Audrey think about her life and what she wants out of it. She will film her scenes on Friday, October 16 and will appear on screen in the run-up to Christmas."
In 2010, Sue Nicholls has revealed that Lenska would return to Coronation Street for a future storyline. Talking about Audrey and Claudia’s relationship Sue said "Yes, she’s a little bit like the wicked witch, isn’t she? It’s great fun. In my head Claudia is that friend you know is always going to be a pain. She’s the one who says the wrong thing, is always trying to out do you and has a habit of saying really horrid things even though she thinks they’re a joke. But I think in a funny way they really do get on. She gets quite drunk at the party and when Audrey makes her announcement she has no qualms about filling Gail in on Lewis’s past." She made a return in later 2010. In December 2010, it was reported that Claudia may become landlady of the local pub "The Rovers Return" replacing Liz McDonald, a spokesperson said "Claudia ticks all the boxes for a feisty, no-nonsense landlady of a certain age. She could certainly make a great Rovers boss to follow in Liz's footsteps." However producer Phil Collinson later said the storyline suggestion was untrue.
In May 2011 it was announced that Lenska was to leave the serial in order to appear in theatre. A spokesperson for the serial stated: "We've loved having Rula. She's been absolutely brilliant as Claudia and we hope one day she'll return." Her departure will allow fellow characters Audrey and Marc to pursue a relationship. Producers decided to "leave the door open" for a possible return in the future as Claudia has proven to be a popular character.
Storylines.
Claudia attended a Weatherfield Traders' Association lunch, escorted by Lewis Archer (Nigel Havers), who she often hired for functions. Audrey also went and was shocked that Claudia employed a male escort, but Claudia explained that there was no sex involved and that it was just for appearances. Later Claudia met up with Audrey again and they went to a dinner dance together. Lewis was also attending, escorting Rita Sullivan. Claudia was surprised to find out that Audrey had hired Lewis several times and had fallen for him. She reminded Audrey that Lewis's charms were contractual and when she met Audrey and Lewis again a couple of months later in a restaurant she made it quite clear that she still regarded Lewis as contactable.
Claudia's doubts about Lewis' reliability as a permanent suitor for Audrey were to be proved right. On 13 August 2010, Claudia attended a party Audrey's daughter Gail (Helen Worth) threw for Audrey and Lewis who were moving abroad to run a hotel. However, Lewis chose that day to vanish from Audrey's life and Audrey was confronted by footage of him defrauding Barlow's Bookies and diverting Deirdre Barlow 's attention by kissing her. Claudia got drunk with Rita, and delighted in the floor show as Gail pushed a Manchester tart into Deirdre Barlow's (Anne Kirkbride) face. Claudia was not seen again until she arrived in The Rovers Return on New Year's Eve 2010, where she donated the prize of luxury treatments in Perm Suspect to the evening's charity raffle and befriended locals. The prize was won by a disgruntled Audrey, who had already had her nose put out of joint after her donation of a pedicure and manicure at Audreys was somewhat dwarfed by Claudia's generosity.
Claudia was keen to grow her business and initially showed interest in purchasing the butchers premises on Victoria Street from Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth) to convert into a rival salon to Audreys. When Audrey claimed her free hair treatment at Perm Suspect, Claudia revealed that she was no longer interested in buying the premises as it smelt of meat. She asked if Audrey was interested in selling to her, an offer that was flatly refused. Claudia told Audrey that she had sat her sights on Marc, a client sat near them who had recently been widowed and not long after the pair start dating. In March 2011, while having her hair done one of Audrey's elderly clients dies, Claudia and Audrey are left horrified. Soon after, Claudia begins to suspect Marc is having an affair and Audrey joins Claudia in spying on him at his home. Claudia is angered to see a woman leaving his house. Later, Marc tries to explain himself to Claudia by saying that the woman was his sister, but Claudia does not believe him. In April 2011, Claudia spots a receipt in Marc's wallet and assumes it is a gift for her, totally oblivious to knowing it is in fact for his alter-ego 'Marcia'.
On 23 May 2011, Claudia suspects that Audrey is the woman Marc is seeing behind her back. Her suspicions arise when she spots Audrey at Marc's house, only to be shocked as 'Marcia' enters the room, a disgusted Claudia storms out. A few weeks later, Claudia meets Audrey in the Rovers in an attempt to build bridges, however, Marc returns from the bathroom, having been with Audrey. A furious Claudia walks out of the Rovers firing insults at Audrey and Marc and telling them she doesn't want to see them again, before leaving. She has not been seen since, but was mentioned when Deirdre recommended Claudia's hair salon against Audrey's to newcomer Stella. In 2012, Rita mentioned that she had to go to Claudia's salon as Audrey was fully booked, complaining about the loud music.

</doc>
<doc id="21635784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635784" title="Söndags-Nisse">
Söndags-Nisse

Söndags-Nisse was a Swedish humorous magazine published from 1862 to 1924. It helped launch the career of cartoonist Oskar Andersson. Grönköpings Veckoblad, a satirical political magazine, started as a section of "Söndags-Nisse" in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21635803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635803" title="Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1943–44">
Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1943–44

The Sounthern League Cup 1943–44 was the second edition of the regional war-time football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21635834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635834" title="Oscar Villalón">
Oscar Villalón

Oscar Villalón Ríos (born 30 April 1972) is a Chilean-Spanish painter, sculptor and designer. Although he was born in Chile he has developed his professional career in Madrid, Spain, where he teaches in his own academy.
Biography.
Oscar Villalón was born on 30 April 1972 in Santiago, Chile.
Career.
Villalón met the sculptor Sergio Castillo Amunategui who gave him his introduction to the discipline of sculpture on an iron soldier.
In 1992 he was admitted to the Faculty of Arts of the University of Chile where he choose painting. He was awarded a degree in Plastic Arts in 1996.
In 1997 he began his career in galleries, public and private collections. One of his first exhibits is "Counterpoint", an interdisciplinary exhibition of sculpture and painting. The project started in May 1997 in Buenos Aires with John Giordano, an Argentine sculptor currently based in Toledo, Spain.
He was awarded a Post-graduate scholarship from the Fundación Arte y Autores Contemporáneos (Art and Contemporary Painters' Foundation). In 2001–2003 he began teaching painting and drawing at La Academia at their Chinchón and Madrid bases.
In 2004 he founded the Decinti & Villalón Painting Studio based at 4 Calle del Castillo, Chamberí, Madrid, with the Chilean artist Alejandro Decinti where they give painting classes and strive to actively promote painting.
Works.
Villalón is a realist, basically working in portraits, urban landscapes and still life. He feels the influence of Velázquez, Rembrandt, Vermeer, Monet and Antonio López García
Landscapes.
The Chinchon series:
Rome series:
Toscana Italy:
Venice series:
Exhibitions.
1992 Collective work "Verano Creativo" Sala Isidora Segers, Facultad de Artes, Universidad de Chile.
1993 "Seis reflejos para siete cabezas" Casa de la Cultura de Ñuñoa. Santiago, Chile.
1994 "Taller de Arte en Vivo " Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes, Bajos and Artel, Chile.
1997 "Exposición Realidades" Galería de Arte San Francisco.
1998 "Exposición Contrapunto" Galería de Arte San Francisco.
1999 "Exposición Colectiva Punto G" Centro de Arte-Generador, Santiago, Chile"
2000 "Nueve nuevos realistas". Galería de Arte Referéndum. Santiago, Chile. and "Noche del Arte". Galería de Arte Hotel Hyatt Regency. Santiago, Chile.
2001 "Óleos y Pequeños Estudios de Taller". Fundación Arauco. Chinchón, Spain.
2002 "La Academia" Galería Ansorena, Madrid, Spain. "La Scuola di Chinchón" Galleria Marieschi, Milan, Italy. "La Escuela de Chinchón" Fundación Arauco en colaboración con la Galería Ansorena, Chinchón, Spain. "Exposición Colectiva" La Academia, Fundación Arauco, Chinchón, Spain.
2003 "La Academia" Centro Cultural Moncloa, Madrid, Spain. "Obras y Procesos" Galería Ana Samarán. Madrid, Spain. "El paradigma del constructivismo" Kur Gallery, San Sebastián, Spain. "LXXIII Aniversario de la Fuerza Aérea de Chile" Hotel Meliá Castilla, Madrid, Spain. "Exposición Colectiva" Galería Ana Samarán, Madrid, Spain
2004 "Juego de Dados" Juego Aleatorio, Ateneu Cultural Fort Pienc, Barcelona, Spain. "Miradas Complementarias" Galería Ana Samarán, Madrid, Spain.
2005 "Jogo de dados" Espaço Vasco Prado, Casa de Cultura Mário Quintana, Porto Alegre, Brazil. "Tendéncias" Galería Publicaciones Eurpeas de Arte (PEA), Madrid, Spain.
2006 "Formas y Métodos" Escuela de Ingeniería Naval, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain.
2008 "Venice" Blackheath Gallery, London. "Ingenieros y constructores navales españoles" (LXXV Aniversario de la Ingeniera Naval Civil) Asociación de Ingenieros Navales y Oceánicos de España, Universidad Politécnica de Madrid, Spain. "Christmas 08" Blackheath Gallery, London. "Pequeño Formato" Star Galerïa de Arte, Madrid, Spain. "Variaciones en torno a la Condesa de Chinchón" Parador de Turismo de Chinchón (Sala Capitular) and the Casa de Cultura "Manuel Alvar" de Chinchón, Spain. "Algo mas que Realismo" Sala de Exposiciones de la Agrupación Artística Aragonesa, Zaragosa, Spain.
2009 "Venezia" Victoria Hidalgo Galería, Hidalgo, Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="21635852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635852" title="1976 American Airlines Tennis Games – Singles">
1976 American Airlines Tennis Games – Singles

Jimmy Connors won in the final 6–4, 6–4 against Roscoe Tanner.

</doc>
<doc id="21635878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635878" title="Armenia Bonito, Atlántida">
Armenia Bonito, Atlántida

Armenia Bonito - A "barrio" or "colonia" 7 miles west of downtown La Ceiba in the Atlántida Department in the country of Honduras in Central America. It is located in the northern part of Honduras within view of Caribbean Sea.
Geography.
Population: +/- 3,000
It is sometimes called Armenia Nueva or simply Armenia. The communities of Primer de Mayo and Rodas are in the same vicinity. 
At the center of the community is an adult soccer field that is located at 15 43’ 42”N x 86 51’ 36” W and sits 22 meters above sea level. Its climate is tropical. The roads are dirt covered with river rock. It is located inside Pico Bonito National Park (PBNP). Golosón International Airport (LCE) is less than a mile from Armenio Bonito.
Armenia Bonito is bordered on the west by the Rio Bonito (beautiful river) and on the south by the mountain range called Nombre de Dios (name of God).
Demographics.
Armenia Bonito is a small village of approximately 3,000 people and there are 300 houses. The average person in this community makes less than $3,500US/year. The average home is made of cinder block and has an outdoor toilet, tin roof, limited electricity and poor drinking water. Other homes in the community are made of sticks and mud with thatched roofs. While most homes have a cement foundation some homes have dirt floors.
In Armenia Bonito there are two elementary schools and kinder school. There is a boy's orphanage, a soccer field, four small Christian churches, one Catholic church, a two-room town hall and approximately 10 small stores run out of homes.
The "Tree of Life" medical clinic opened on February 21, 2013 and is open four days a week. The clinic is run by the Presbyterian Church in Honduras.
The "Presbyterian Education Center of La Ceiba" is the only high school in Armenia Bonito. It opened on February 10, 2014 and provides a Christian based high school education.

</doc>
<doc id="21635886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635886" title="Diplura (disambiguation)">
Diplura (disambiguation)

Several topics share the title Diplura:

</doc>
<doc id="21635898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635898" title="Hugh Edwards">
Hugh Edwards

Hugh Edwards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21635941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635941" title="Chondrenchelys">
Chondrenchelys

Chondrenchelys is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish. "Chondrenchelys" would have been quite a relatively medium sized fish with an elongated body up to 1 m (3.3 ft) in length, it had a dorsal fin which was indeed long and a body which tapered to a point. "Chondrenchelys" had two large pairs of tooth plates in each jaw.

</doc>
<doc id="21635983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635983" title="Jaynie Parkhouse">
Jaynie Parkhouse

Jaynie Parkhouse (now Hudgell) (born 17 April 1956 in Cambridge, Waikato) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from New Zealand, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. 
She claimed the gold medal at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games in Christchurch, New Zealand, in the women's 800m freestyle and Bronze medal in the 400m freestyle. Jaynie Parkhouse Drive, within QE II park where she won her gold and bronze medals, was named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="21635995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21635995" title="David Jones-Roberts">
David Jones-Roberts

David Jones-Roberts (born 9 April 1990) is an Australian actor, best known for portraying Xavier Austin in the soap opera "Home and Away".
Early and personal life.
Jones-Roberts was born on 9 April 1990 to actors Danny Roberts and Lindsay Neil. He graduated from the Newtown High School of the Performing Arts. In his spare time, Jones-Roberts does gymnastics, which he has enjoyed from a young age.
Career.
Jones-Roberts previously auditioned for the roles of Henry Hunter, Lucas Holden, Drew Curtis and Geoff Campbell in "Home and Away". He later successfully auditioned for the role of Xavier Austin. The actor was surfing when his agent told him he had won the role. Jones-Roberts quit "Home and Away" in 2012 and his final episode was broadcast on 3 July 2012. The actor thanked his fans for their support on Twitter, writing "Just wanted to say thanks to all my fans out there for your continued support throughout the years. Truly wouldn't be where I am without you guys."

</doc>
<doc id="21636020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636020" title="Certain General">
Certain General

Certain General is an American post-punk band formed in 1980 by Parker Dulany, Phil Gammage, Marcy Saddy, and Russell Berke. BOMP! Records has called them "NYC's 80's cult favorite, while "Rock & Folk" identified the band as "the bridge between Television and Radiohead."
In the liner notes for "Introduction to War" (2001), their former manager, Stephen Graziano, called them "...the baddest, craziest, most misbehaved but mind bendingly brilliant band that was walking the Earth." This coincides with "Mojo" magazine's assessment that "the story of Certain General is one of triumph, tragedy, and often dazzling music."'
Drawing on a tradition established by New York rock bands such as the Velvet Underground, Certain General has recorded and performed extensively in the United States and Europe. Although various personnel and label changes have occurred over the years, Dulany and Gammage, along with Kevin Tooley, continue to record and perform.
With one foot firmly planted in the post-punk sound of the late seventies and the other in the emerging new wave, at the outset, Certain General's quirky, kinetic, rhythm and sound owed more to the "dead disco and happening hip-hop," as parleyed by such emerging New York entities as James Chance and the Contortions than the moody, psychedelia-gone-mad direction that would follow. However, from the start, their unique mix of evocative lyrics and a consistently frenetic live show quickly earned the band widespread acclaim when they began to play shows in 1981. As "Boston Rock" noted at the time, they were "superbly energetic, the last time the band played here the crowd almost tore the walls down." New York rock critic heavyweight Christgau from the "Village Voice" weighed in that the band produced "rolling, ambitious, somewhat mannered art pop that is totally original." And his colleague, Van Gosse, maintained that "this band so fervent and young has come to stand for something. That notoriety would eventually extend to Europe, where they would release "November's Heat" in 1984. Considered a seminal album of the 1980s and one of the defining New York rock records, "November's Heat" would earn the band many accolades, especially in France. In 1995, "Rock & Folk" called it "one of the most important albums made between 1965 and 1995."
History.
Origins: 1980–1985.
Certain General came together as a band in late 1980 after meeting in Manhattan's East Village. Before playing their first club date at New York's Hurrah, the band had already created a buzz among the downtown Manhattan music and art communities. Loft parties, art openings, and after-hours shows in lower Manhattan served as their springboard and they quickly became one of the darlings of a downtown scene based in the Club 57 social club inhabited by such artists, actors, and musicians as Keith Haring, Jean-Michel Basquiat, John Sex, Wendy Wild, and Ann Magnuson, among others.
Bassist Russell Berke (Carla Bley), drummer Marcy Saddy (Toronto's the B-Girls), and guitarist Phil Gammage (the Corvairs) collaborated with painter and poet Parker Dulany to create a live show that captivated the local New York press. New York Rocker quickly proclaimed them "the most kinetically exciting new band."
By 1981 and 1982 the band was performing in East Coast venues and colleges from Canada to Texas. Early shows found them sharing the stage with fellow New York and Boston bands such as DNA, Bush Tetras, Liquid Liquid, Mission of Burma, Raybeats, and Swans. Their prominence grew as their presence was increasingly felt within the downtown scene and the band found themselves at various times serving as the house band at both CBGBs and Danceteria, venues that are both now gone, but nonetheless remain legendary for the pivotal role they played in the club scene at the time. Certain General were almost synonymous with that scene, becoming ubiquitous hosts at such other venues as the Mudd Club, the Peppermint Lounge, The Rat, , and downtown's Hoboken, NJ annex, Maxwell's. They would remain staples of this scene for several years. In a review of a show for "These Are the Days" (1986) at Danceteria, Richard Grabel of the "New Musical Express" wrote "in a wall of ingenious noise Parker seems like a fallen angel out of a page by Rimbaud."
In 1982, the group signed with the New York independent record label Labor Records and recorded their debut, "Holiday of Love". The five-song EP was produced by Peter Holsapple of the The dB's and mixed by Michael Gira of fellow Labor Records label mates Swans, "an interesting pairing if there ever was one." "Holiday" garnered rave reviews, among them a Trouser Press piece that cited the disc as being created "for all the teenage devils of the world."
In 1983, original bassist Berke would depart to be replaced by roadie and all-around funster, Joe Lupo, and the band would begin work on recording their first proper album. While the bass work of Berke was widely regarded as brilliant, Graziano remarked that Lupo was "the plutonium rod that fueled the Certain General party reactor. During this time, Certain General would catch the attention of British music journalist Kris Needs, who championed the band and later served as their host during their first UK visit. At the suggestion of Needs, "Far Away in America" (1984) was conceived as a collaboration of sorts and the LP was shared with another New York band, friends and musical colleagues Band of Outsiders. Independently released on SourMash Records in April 1984, it featured two live and two studio recordings by each band. The two groups furthered the co-op approach and toured together in the spring and summer of 1984 in both the United States and the United Kingdom to promote the record. Highlights of the UK dates included shows at Alice in Wonderland (where in his typical exuberance Dulany smashed his hand through the asbestos ceiling) and the Batcave in London, as well as the Hacienda (with James) in Manchester.
The album, coupled with their New York and London performances, would also draw the attention of Chris Parry and his London-based Fiction Publishing. This coincided with a change in management, when the band signed on with Ruth Polsky (the booking agent for New York clubs Hurrah and Danceteria) and her agency, Blind Dates Management. They also began work with the new French record label L'Invitation au Suicide (I.A.S. Records) and made plans to license a newly recorded second LP to the label.
The band leveraged the Parry relationship and agreed to appear in support of The Cure, who were already signed to Fiction, at New York's Beacon Theater on November 14, an appearance that would be a 1984 highlight. Fans of both bands would maintain that since there was some common ground in the respective sounds of the two bands at that time, the pairing certainly made sense from a musical standpoint. However, their respective positions in the musical pantheon of the day was another issue indeed. Certain General's innate hunger to perform and desire to move forward would serve them well in the context, which became something of a pattern for the band. Rising to the opportunity presented by the Beacon gig, by all accounts the band certainly delivered. David Fricke of the "Melody Maker" wrote of this performance "Certain General defy equilibrium in their abrasive velvet descended attack and by set's end they are a revved-up dance engine with juggernaut possibilities."
"November's Heat" and "These Are the Days": "Nous Voila".
Self-financed from earnings saved from performances at New York's Danceteria, "November's Heat" was released in France in November 1984 by I.A.S. Records. This would prove to be a major turning point. Arriving in Paris on February 3, 1985, the French daily "Libération" welcomed the band and marked their arrival with front page coverage and three interior articles, with a headline above a front-page photo that announced: "Certain General: "Nous Voila" (We Are Here)." Calling the band "Jim Jarmusch's and William Faulkner's America," and referring to Dulany as "desperately beautiful," "Libération" declared Certain General "best new band" and awarded "1984 album of the year" honors for the release. The UK would take notice as well, with the "New Musical Express" designating "Heat" one of their "Five-Star Albums." 
Although the next two years saw the band tour and make television appearances in France several times, within the United States, the group's profile remained primarily underground as they continued to perform mainly on the East Coast. To a large degree this was due to internal differences as to where they should appear: tours on the West Coast and in the South failed to materialize not because the opportunities did not present themselves, but rather, because internal strife prevented follow through. However, their reach on the eastern seaboard can be neither ignored nor discounted and their cultural influence was by no means limited to New York. Whether it was due to one of their regular jaunts at the Paradise Club in Boston or City Gardens in Trenton, with a stop at the East Side Club in Philly on their way to 688 in Atlanta, aside from being merely "heard" in some of the top clubs of the time, they made their presence known and their impact felt.
The bands with whom Certain General appeared in the early- and mid-eighties is a veritable list of many of the top independent rock bands of the era: Green on Red, Rain Parade, Mission of Burma, Gun Club, Oingo Boingo, New Order, Rank and File, The Rezillos, The Bongos, The Nails, Gang of Four, R.E.M., The Sisters of Mercy, Way of the West, Medium Medium, and Raybeats. In the context of playing as the opener, Certain General built a much-deserved reputation for surpassing those they were supporting. They became a force to be reckoned with. In a review of an appearance in Salt Lake City, the "Salt Lake City Tribune" reported that "after New Order had finished, it was opening act Certain General that continued to resonate in the mind."
While hugely successful in France, puzzlingly, "November's Heat" was not released in the United States until 2000, rather odd considering that the band was covered widely, especially by the much-respected UK music press. At the time, "Sounds" wrote of their live performances
The "New Musical Express" reviewed a show at New York's Pyramid Club and Lindsay Shapiro called Certain General "New York's answer to the (Echo and the) Bunnymen with a few Morrison tendencies thrown in" [but with "plenty of individuality and a lead singer full of passionate presence—agonized lyrics torn from twitching limbs." The review concluded by observing that CG was "almost psychedelic in their unfettered spirit." 
1985 saw more personnel changes as Sprague Hollander replaced original guitarist Phil Gammage. In France, I.A.S. Records released the band's next recording project prior to its completion, in fear that they would lose the group to a major label. This "bootleg" would become the infamous "These Are the Days" and would still somehow win great praise from the press despite the glaring inconsistencies of an unfinished work. Regarding "Days", Steve Mirkin wrote "Filled with a dark confidence and narcotic allure…with a charged confidence and kamikaze edge."
In response to the piracy of the record by I.A.S., Ruth Polsky released a finished single by the band ("Will You" and "Bad Way") on her own New York-based label, S.U.S.S. Records. This success was overshadowed by tragedy when Ruth was killed in a horrific car accident that left her pinned beneath a yellow cab in the doorway of The Limelight club, a converted church in New York, as the band performed there in September 1986. The band would not learn of Polsky's death until the following morning.
After a memorial show for Polsky with New Order and Karen Finley at the Roxy in New York and the second of two tours with New Order, Certain General slowly retreated to Paris to convalesce and reorganize. One can speculate that the fact that "TimeOut" would later describe Dulany as "the haunted crooner" can be traced to this watershed event.
1987–1998.
After again touring France in 1987, Certain General signed to the prestigious French label, Barclay Records (Jacques Brel, Noir Desir) and recorded "Cabin Fever". The LP included their best selling single to date, "I Lose Myself," which was cited as "one of the 10 best singles of 1988" by "Libération". Based on the success of "Fever" and the attention it garnered in French press, the group continued to tour and perform in France. In 1990, Barclay Records issued the album "Jacklighter", produced by Fred Maher, Gavin Mackillop, and Lloyd Cole. It featured Lloyd and fellow ‘Commotion' Blair Cowen on the single, "Baby Are You Rich?" The single fared well, but the group was dropped from Barclay in 1992.
Following the release of "Jacklighter" the band entered a period of hiatus until the late nineties while its various members pursued other projects.
1999–2009.
In 1999, original guitarist Gammage rejoined the band and the group's original line-up re-united to record "Signals from the Source" in the CBGB's basement studio for Hilly Kristal's CBGB Records. Genya Ravan (the Dead Boys) produced the record. "These Are the Days" was officially released on France's Fantastica Label and the group played a nationwide tour of France, co-headlining with fellow New Yorkers The Fleshtones.
In 2000, Fantastica released the Arnaud Dieterlan-produced" Closer to the Sun", which was recorded in Paris during the 1999 tour. 2001 saw the group issue "Live at the Public Theater" on its own PreFab International Records. This recording featured a duet of Serge Gainsbourg's "La Decadanse" with Julee Cruise ("Blue Velvet", "Twin Peaks").
2010–present.
On May 21, 2010, Certain General released their first collection of new material since "Closer to the Sun," released in 2000. The new 13-song CD, entitled "Stolen Car," is composed of 12 new songs written by the band plus a remake of their 1982 recording “Hello My God.” 
Featuring original band members Parker Dulany (lead vocals, bass) and Phil Gammage (guitar) along with longtime drummer Kevin Tooley, "Stolen Car" continues the band's tendency toward expansive and exploratory rock sounds. Produced by Tooley at his Concept Studios in New York, "Stolen Car" includes contributions from sax session musician Robert Aaron, a veteran of recordings by David Bowie, James White, and Al Jarreau, among many others.
In a Le Son du Maquis press release from March 2010, Dulany commented on the writing, recording, and producing aspects of this collection:
In expressing this declaration we avoided all of the usual recording entrapments: No big studios, no outside producer, no instruments of 'sentiment' such as acoustic guitars or strings; nothing that the three of us could not play ourselves. Well almost nothing, as Robert Aaron's sax contributions could not ignored; we are strict, but not stupid. We wrote by committee, arranged by committee, played by committee, drank by committee, and then let Kevin mix alone. So Kevin is the producer, "Stolen Car" is the album, and Certain General is the band.
Influence.
Their ongoing success abroad notwithstanding, Certain General's influence continues to resonate in the US. In a review of a gig marking the release of "Introduction to War" at Don Hill's in New York, Kristy Eldredge wrote in" Glorious Noise", that Dulany "embodies subtle but powerful charisma…and slender scarecrow elegance…(his) body language is the loosest and he seems to have the most soul. The French don't always choose the most worthy American icons to elevate, but they seem to on to something with Certain General."
On to something they were; in 1999 "Libération" compared Certain General to the U boat in the 1981 film "Das Boot", calling them "insubmersible." The landscape that simultaneously served as their living room and the ultimate party venue, New York's East Village and downtown, have not been so durable. Replacing the artist's lofts, dives, and backrooms that were their laboratory are the all-too typical earmarks of any modern gentrified locale: the Nine Wests, the Starbucks, the Gaps "et al.". Fortunately, in spite of these less-than-inspiring surroundings and unlike most of their peers, the band carries on: Parker Dulany, Phil Gammage and Kevin Tooley continue to perform and record as Certain General.
Compilations and re-issues.
"November's Heat" continues to be issued and re-issued worldwide (Bomp/Alive Records, Fan Club Records, and Commotion Records). In 2001, SourMash Records issued the two-CD set "An Introduction to War", which included the previously unreleased album "The Dead Rabbit Gang" (songs that were to be released after "November's Heat" in 1985), and a disc of live material, "Savage Young Generals", circa 1981–1982. In 2005, Certain General were included in Soul Jazz Records three-CD compilation series entitled, "New York Noise", which featured most of the prominent post-punk New York bands from 1978–1982. In 2007, UK label Easy Action Records released the only comprehensive retrospective devoted to Certain General, "Invisible New York". That disc included a collaboration of "New York, New York" with Julee Cruise and Lenny Kaye, which was recorded in response to 9/11.
Solo and side projects.
During his years performing with and without Certain General, guitarist Phil Gammage continued to record and perform under his own name, with several of his recordings being released by the Paris-based New Rose Records. Other musical projects of his have included The Corvairs, Voodoo Martini, and The Scarlet Dukes. Parker Dulany has continued his work as a painter and poet. He recorded a solo album, "Mr. Parker's Band", which was released in 1995 on the French label Night and Day Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21636080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636080" title="Roughness (psychophysics)">
Roughness (psychophysics)

The perceived roughness of a sound is simply how rough it sounds. Roughness is studied by examining how textures are perceived and encoded by an individual's somatosensory system. In an experiment to measure and compare the roughness of different sounds, listeners are presented with different sounds and asked to rate their roughness, for example on a rating scale. Recent research has displayed that there are two different codes, at least, for roughness: a vibrotactile code used for fine surfaces, and a spatial code used for coarse to medium surfaces.
According to psychophysical theory, the roughness of a complex sound (a sound comprising many partials or pure tone components) depends on the distance between the partials measured in critical bandwidths. Any simultaneous pair of partials of about the same amplitude that is less than a critical bandwidth apart produces roughness associated with the inability of the basilar membrane to separate them clearly.
Roughness is physiologically determined and therefore universal, but it is appraised differently in different musical styles. Some musical styles deliberately create large amounts of roughness for aesthetic effect (for example some polyphonic styles in the Balkans in which singers favor simultaneous second intervals) while others try to avoid roughness as much as possible or treat rough sounds in special ways (for example most tonal western music).
In terms of psychophysics, several studies have been done involving a person’s ability to detect the differences between the weight and roughness of objects. A syndrome called Verger-Dejerine syndrome has been known to affect these somatosensory abilities. Patients with this somatosensory cortical loss syndrome commonly display damage to their parietal lobe and it was eventually concluded that it may be that the brain has some form of an asymmetrical organization, as performance in a normal subject shows oblique differences depending on their hand use. However, these patients still exhibit normal or minimally reduced peripheral sensitivity to cold, heat, pain, touch and deep pressure.
Roughness perception, is one of the multidimensional scaling of texture perception, which is the judgment of the substance and quality of an object. The studies of roughness perception demonstrate that it is unidimensional, it depends on element height, diameter, shape, compliance, and density; and that the relationship between roughness perception and the physical properties of a surface is complex and nonlinear. Also, there were early observations stated that scanning velocity and contact force between the finger and a surface have minor or no effect on roughness magnitude judgments. The physical determinants of roughness perception are complex, but the evidence is that the neural mechanisms are simple. Furthermore, research performed at the University of North Carolina revealed that scanning velocity did not have an effect on relative roughness because the roughness for all surfaces increase by the same amount as scanning velocity increases in accordance with Weber's Law.

</doc>
<doc id="21636157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636157" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2002)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2002)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2002, by order of first appearance.
Hazel Wilding.
Hazel Wilding first appears on 23 January 2002 when cab driver Vikram Desai picks up her from an upmarket suburb. Immediately Hazel flirts heavily with Vikram and she then requests his services more frequently. It is not long before Hazel seduces Vikram at a hotel wearing lingerie and bearing a bottle of Champagne. In February 2002, Vikram is shocked to discover that Hazel is married and feels that things between them have become too complicated. He then keeps a distance from her by sending other drivers when she requests his cab.
It is not long before Vikram resumes his secret affair with Hazel as she gives him a gold bracelet for his birthday and he dumps girlfriend Bobbi Lewis for Hazel. When Les Battersby comes to collect Hazel one day, he is very suggestive and she slaps him. She demands to know what Vikram has told his staff at the office about her. Vikram is livid with Les and confides in his cousin Dev Alahan that he has fallen in love with Hazel. When Hazel's husband John discovers the affair, he threatens Vikram to stay away from his wife. Hazel later makes it clear to Vikram that she will not leave John for him, and after several threats from John, Hazel tells Vikram that she was in on his plan all along.
Archie Shuttleworth.
Archie Shuttleworth, played by actor Roy Hudd, is a local undertaker who dates Blanche Hunt for a while, however, he ends their relationship and subsequently begins seeing Audrey Roberts. He later helps Audrey Roberts when she is in turmoil over murderous son-in-law Richard Hillman. Archie makes reappearances for funerals on the Street, most notably that of Mike Baldwin in April 2006. Six months later he returns for the funeral of Fred Elliott. Archie returns to the Street for the funeral of his ex-lover Blanche in May 2010.
Joshua Peacock.
Joshua Peacock, played by Benjamin Beresford, is born on 8 April 2002 at Weatherfield General Hospital. He is the result of a one-night-stand between Maxine Peacock and Matt Ramsden, though is being raised by Maxine's former husband Ashley Peacock, and new wife Claire, after his mother is murdered by Street serial killer Richard Hillman when Joshua is nine months old. Matt has regular contact with his son, and Joshua has a younger brother by Ashley and Claire, Freddie, who was born when Joshua was four. On 23 April 2010 it was announced that the Peacock family had been axed from the ITV soap by new producer Phil Collinson, and would leave in the coming months.
Joshua becomes good friends with Simon Barlow when he is enrolled in his primary school in December 2008. In April 2009, Ashley's employee Graeme Proctor sees Joshua's talent at football, which he encourages Ashley and Claire to nurture. Claire initially disapproves of Joshua playing football but then encourages him after seeing how good he is. In August 2009, during a charity fete that Claire has organised, Joshua complains that his throat is sore and collapses in front of Janice Battersby; he has swallowed a bee. He is immediately rushed to hospital where he makes a full recovery to his parents' relief.
In December 2010, a huge explosion at "The Joinery" Bar causes a fire to start in Number 13 Coronation Street, the home of the Peacocks. Joshua is one of the children in the house at the time and is rescued by Lloyd Mullaney. However Ashley is killed in the accident, trying to rescue Simon's father Peter Barlow. Joshua attends his funeral on 16 December 2010 telling Claire that he wants to say goodbye to his Daddy.
In January 2011, after Claire attacks Tracy Barlow, Joshua leaves Weatherfield with her and Freddie and goes to live in France.
Goran Milanovic.
Goran Milanovic is a Croatian worker at the Blackpool campsite where Toyah Battersby comes to stay. There is an immediate attraction between the pair as they enjoy a number of dates together. On 22 May 2002, Goran declares his love for Toyah and asks her to marry him. Toyah's friend Maria Sutherland is quick to warn her that Goran could be asking her to marry him just so that he can stay in England. Toyah confronts Goran about his reasons for wanting to marry her. She is shocked when he admits he wants to stay in Britain, as he is an illegal immigrant, but claims to genuinely love her. Determined to help him, Toyah agrees to marry him. However, Toyah comes to see the hasty nature of her actions and tells Goran that she will not marry him.
Patricia Hillman.
Patricia Hillman (née Morris) is the ex-wife of Richard Hillman.
She first appears on 12 May 2002, wanting the money back that she invested in his business Kellett Holdings. Realising how much her investment is worth, Richard argues with her at the foundations of his new apartment block and she falls into a trench. Instead of helping her, Richard grabs a spade and strikes her over the head with it killing her instantly. The foundations are then filled with concrete. Several months later, her body was dug up by Police when Richard confessed to Gail that he had murdered her. 
Carol Mills.
Carol Mills is a woman whom Kirk Sutherland takes a fancy to while holidaying in Blackpool. Kirk and Jason Grimshaw spend a lot of money on Carol and her daughter Stephanie, however, Carol and Stephanie choose to dump them afterwards. They later spot Kirk and Jason in a pub, after winning £200 at bingo. Jason and Kirk spend the night in Carol and Stephanie's caravan. In the morning as they are leaving Stephanie calls Carol "mum", which amuses Jason as Kirk had slept with Carol.
Stephanie Mills.
Stephanie Mills is a woman whom Jason Grimshaw has a brief dalliance with after meeting her on the pier at Blackpool, while he is on holiday with his friend Kirk Sutherland.
Joe Carter.
Joe Carter was played by Jonathan Wrather.
Upon his release from prison in May 2002, after serving two years for fraud, Joe Carter is picked up by factory owner Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs) and brought to Coronation Street to work as factory manager in "Underworld." He immediately clashes with Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) when he asks his ex-girlfriend Geena Gregory (Jennifer James) out on a date. Dev later tries to warn Joe off accusing him of being a crook just out of jail. Joe is angry and threatens Dev.
Joe successfully woos Geena with his charm and they start going out much to the indignation of Dev. He is infuriated when the factory girls discover that he has been in prison, due to Dev making it public knowledge, in an attempt to split him and Geena up. However, Dev's efforts amount to nothing when Geena gives Joe a second chance. Joe has another enemy in the form of knicker-stitcher Karen McDonald (Suranne Jones), who originally wanted the management position herself. He infuriates her further when he sacks her from the factory.
Joe's relationship with Geena suffers when he is trying to constantly outdo Dev in business matters. In September 2002 when the factory do business with Dev's cousin Naveen Alahan (Parvez Qadir), problems begin to arise when Naveen's cheques keep bouncing. Joe makes some calls and finds out that Naveen's business is about to go into receivership. Without Naveen's money, "Underworld" is in dnager of going under so Joe takes matters into his own hands. Enlisting the help of Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson), both men take a van to Naveen's warehouse. Joe explains to Steve that they are going to break in and get Mike's unpaid for stock back, which Steve is not happy about. They manage to retrieve the stock and flee after they trigger the security alarm.
However, the robbery backfires for Joe when police turn up at the factory to do a routine enquiry. Mike is furious about Joe's reckless actions as he could be an accessory to the crime as he has lied to the police about the missing stock. When Mike points out that there are no buyers to purchase the stock that Joe has retrieved, he decides to con Naveen. He tricks Naveen into buying the knicker order originally meant for him and makes him pay cash. Naveen is furious when he realises what has happened. Dev tells Geena about Joe breaking into the warehouse stealing underwear. Geena confronts Joe and is shocked when he is angry with Dev for telling her. This leads to a violent fight in the Rovers between the two men and Geena breaks up with Joe.
When Geena tells the police that Joe threw the first punch in the fight, Joe manipulates her by saying that her testimony will be the deciding factor in him being sent back to prison. Naive Geena gets back with Joe, not realising that he is using her to get Dev to drop the charges. Dev agrees, on the condition that she ends her relationship with Joe, who in turn suggests to Geena that they pretend that they have broken up. He then goes further by instructing Geena to get back together with Dev, in an effort to consolidate the lie. However, Dev realises that Geena is merely setting him up and throws her out. Joe is getting increasingly worried about the police arresting him and puts it to Dev that if he drops the charges he will dump Geena. He agrees to publicly dump Geena in the Rovers that night. Later on, Dev tells Geena about his deal with Joe and how he has already dropped the charges and says it is up to her what she decides to do. When Joe breaks up with her, as he had promised to Dev, Geena is devastated and leaves Weatherfield.
In February 2003, a drunk Mike offers Joe a share in the factory profits if he will agree to become his partner. After more negotiating, Mike gives control of the factory over to Joe. After he sacks Hayley Cropper (Julie Hesmondhalgh) from her position as supervisor and gives it to Karen instead, Steve becomes suspicious of the relationship between Karen and Joe and accuses them of sleeping together. Over time the factory girls begin to also speculate about the pair, especially after they go clubbing together after a staff night out. Steve's suspicions are once again aroused. Convinced that Karen is having an affair with Joe, Steve punches him and tells him that he is welcome to Karen. However, the McDonalds reconcile, much to disappointment of Joe, who has fallen for Karen. When Joe deliberately flirts with other women to make Karen jealous, his ploy pays off. Joe steps up his campaign to have Karen for himself when he takes her to a business conference in Wolverhampton, where he comes on to her. Although she initially turns him down, she eventually sleeps with him, after her marriage to Steve breaks down when he is unfaithful.
Joe has a master plan that involves Karen. He explains to her that he intends to ruin Mike and take over the factory and asks her to help him to do it. When Joe tempts her with the lure of the possibility of a plush apartment, Karen agrees to the scam. Joe tells Karen that as partner in crime she will have to get Mike to sign cheques to his bogus company, Artrec (an anagram of Carter). Instead, however, Karen forges Mike's signature on Artrec cheques, much to Joe's delight. Just after Mike has signed the final cheque to seal the deal for the couple, he suddenly announces that he is conducting a full stocktake of the factory, much to their horror. Joe and an ex-con friend, Frank Marsden (Martin Walsh), burgle the factory stockroom so that Mike will never know that no stock from Artrec was ever delivered. Joe then takes Mike to a deserted warehouse pretending that this is Artrec's address. They speak to a bogus security guard, Frank, who tells them that Artrec disappeared a few days ago. Frank describes the owner as an Asian man, which makes Mike think that Naveen Alahan is behind the con.
With the factory in fiscal crisis and redundancies being made, Karen's guilty conscience gets the better of her and she confesses everything to Mike. Mike drags Joe into the office and lets him know that he's uncovered the whole scam. Karen overhears Joe telling Mike that the only reason he started a relationship with Karen was so that he could use her for forging cheques. Karen is hurt and angry. To Joe's horror Karen gives Mike a list of every detail pertaining to Artrec that he requested and tells him that she's transferred all the money they stole from him back into his account. To avoid being a laughing stock in the rag trade Mike agrees not to call the police but tells Joe he never wants to set eyes on him again. Joe and Karen row as Joe packs his things to leave. Karen wants to know if he ever loved her at all, to which Joe coldly replies that she had her uses, before leaving Weatherfield.
Lillian Spencer.
Lillian Spencer, an old friend of Fred Elliott's, arrives at the Rovers as the Relief Manager. Lillian thinks the Rovers is a come-down after having worked in the Xanadu Cocktail Bar of the Majestic Hotel in Cleethorpes and then the Golf Club (where Mike Baldwin plays). She soon asserts her authority by barring Norris Cole for being rude about the state of the bar top and subsequently Rita Sullivan who complains about her treatment of barmaid Shelley Unwin.
Audrey Roberts takes an instant disliking to Lillian and warns Fred about her, but he will not listen. She storms out watched by a smirking Lillian. Lillian then makes Jack Duckworth redundant on the grounds of old age and ill health. Wife Vera storms into the pub and has a fight with Lillian. She then gives the cellar man job to son Timothy.
With staff morale reaching an all-time low and the arrival of Lillian's daughter Kelly, Geena Gregory and Shelley threaten to leave, much to Fred's distress. Fred feels that Lillian and her family are taking over, however, Lillian gets a phone call offering her a better job in Marple and with that the Spencers pack up and leave.
Timothy Spencer.
Timothy Spencer is the son of Lillian Spencer who first appears in the Rovers Return on 3 July 2002. He soon gets the job as cellar man at the pub after Lillian fires Jack Duckworth. He subsequently leaves with Lillian and sister Danielle, when Lillian gets another job offer.
Danielle Spencer.
Danielle Spencer is the spoilt daughter of Lillian Spencer. Her supposed job is as an aromatherapist but little evidence of this is seen in her brief stay in Coronation Street. Instead she is offered a job behind the bar by her mother with whom she is joined in vicious sniping sessions about the regulars of the pub, only showing any honesty when she and Lillian discuss how they had Fred Elliott wrapped around their fingers. Danielle leaves with her mother and brother after Lillian is offered a new job.
Harry Flagg.
Harry Flagg was played by Iain Rogerson. Harry worked at Manchester Airport for over 20 years as a cleaner, including a long stint in the VIP suite. Having visited the Rovers Return and commented on how "unclean" it appeared, Harry agreed to clean it for a few pints of beer and £10. Having made such a good job of it, landlord Fred Elliott took him on full-time. Soon Harry became potman and cellarman. He also cleaned at Underworld for Mike Baldwin, saving businessman Preston King from a heart attack at one point. He clashed with Frankie Baldwin when her husband Danny took over as a shareholder in Underworld, she teased him and labeled him 'Half Mast' referring to his surname. Harry eventually left the street to drive around the sights of Europe. He offered Eileen Grimshaw the chance to come with him, but she declined.
Tommy Harris.
Thomas "Tommy" Harris (previously Nelson) was played by Thomas Craig.
Tommy and his wife Angela, and their children Katy and Craig first appeared on the street, having rented Number 6 and using the surname "Nelson". They came originally from Sheffield where Angela had worked as a barmaid. She witnessed a murder and gave evidence against the accused. The family of the accused threatened Angela and her family with threats and eventually tried to burn their house. The Harrises were given protection under the Witness Protection programme, given a new identity as the Nelsons and moved to Weatherfield. 
Tommy was a trained mechanic and Sheffield Wednesday F.C. supporter, and was soon hired by Kevin Webster at the garage, using references supplied by the Witness Protection team. Soon after, Kevin found a wallet containing a union card with the name Tommy Harris. Tommy took it when he found it lying where Kevin had left it but Kevin, when realizing Tommy had the wallet, accused him of stealing the wallet of a customer. Tommy could not explain and was sacked. Eventually however, Tommy took Kevin into his confidence and was re-hired. 
In April 2003 however, Katy slipped away to visit her friends in Sheffield and was followed home by the brothers of the man who was jailed on Angela's evidence. There was a siege at the Harris's house and Tommy was shot in the process, nearly losing his arm in subsequent surgery. The family stayed in Weatherfield even though their cover was blown and resumed using their real name Harris. 
In late 2003, Tommy and Angela separated. Katy was in a relationship with Martin Platt and though disapproving, Angela could not bear to be estranged from her daughter. Tommy was adamant that if Angela was going to keep in contact with Katy, he was not going to be a part of it. Angela left the house briefly but returned and insisted that Tommy left. Tommy began drinking and eventually Kevin had no choice but to fire him. Tommy lived in the flat over Streetcars, jobless for a while. Shortly before Christmas, Craig, upset that his family was torn apart because of Martin, rigged the brakes on Martin's car. He told his father what he had done, but before Tommy could fix the damage, they saw Katy drive off with Martin and followed them. After Katy got out of the car, she saw her father following Martin and called him to warn him. She thought Tommy was going to kill Martin but Tommy had been trying to get Martin's attention to make him pull over. The brakes failed before this could happen and Martin crashed the car. Tommy pulled him out before the car exploded but later took the blame for the rigged brakes so Craig would not get into trouble. Craig could not cope with his guilt and confessed to Martin who told the police he knew his brakes were bad and had not got them checked. He made an uneasy peace with Tommy and Angela but Tommy still did not like Martin being with his daughter. 
In early 2005, Katy told Angela and Tommy that she was pregnant and they were not happy. In March, Tommy saw Martin and Sally Webster together and thought they were having an affair. He told Katy and when Angela overheard something, she too believed it and they told Katy. Katy did not believe her father, knowing how he felt about Martin, but when Angela believed it, she thought it could be true. Devastated, she left Martin and aborted their baby. Gail told Angela that Sally had had an affair but not with Martin. Angela told Katy that Martin was not unfaithful which infuriated Katy. Katy visited Martin and told him she was sorry but he dumped her so Katy went to confront Tommy. Angry that he was not bothered and continued insulting Martin, Katy picked up a wrench he had been working with at the garage, and hit him over the head, killing him. 
Angela Harris.
Angela Harris (née Appleyard, previously Nelson) was played by Kathryn Hunt.
Angela and her husband Tommy, and their children Katy and Craig first appeared on the street, having rented Number 6 and using the last name "Nelson". They came originally from Sheffield where Angela worked in a pub. She witnessed a murder and gave evidence against the accused. But the family of the accused took their revenge with threats and eventually tried to burn their house. The Harris's were taking under the Witness Protection program, given a new identity as the Nelson family and moved to Weatherfield. 
Angela got a job in Underworld but it did not go well. Her husband Tommy was under suspicion of stealing a wallet in the garage where he found work and the women in the factory turned against Angela too. Only Hayley Cropper made friends with Angela and eventually found out and kept the family's secret. 
In April 2003 however, Katy slipped away to see her friends in Sheffield and was followed by the brothers of the man who was jailed on Angela's evidence. There was a showdown and Tommy was shot in the process. The culprits were found and the family's secret was revealed. Angela was determined that she would not put her family through any more hiding and secrecy. The Harris's took their own name back and the residents came round to being more neighbourly again. 
Near the end of 2003, Tommy and Angela split up. Katy took up with Martin Platt and though disapproving, Angela could not bear to be estranged from her daughter. She and Tommy fell out over the situation and split up for a while. They made up but it was an uneasy peace. 
In 2005, Angela discovered that Katy was pregnant. Not thrilled, she nonetheless supported her daughter. Tommy thought Martin was having an affair with Sally Webster (who was actually having an affair with Ian Davenport) and because circumstantial evidence seemed to support it, Angela believed it and took Katy in when she came running home. She also supported and encouraged Katy's decision to have an abortion, but was mortified to find out Martin really was faithful and Katy had had the abortion for nothing. Shortly after, Katy and Tommy rowed furiously in the garage and Katy struck and killed her father. Angela was horrified and she decided to cover up the crime and make it look like a robbery. Later she herself confessed to the murder in order to protect Katy and was remanded in prison. Even though Katy herself confessed before committing suicide, Angela was still guilty of perverting the course of justice and imprisoned for four years.
Katy Harris.
Katherine Jane "Katy" Harris (previously Nelson) was played by Lucy-Jo Hudson.
When Tommy (Thomas Craig), Angela (Kathryn Hunt), Katy and Craig Harris (Richard Fleeshman), arrived in November 2002 they were credited under the surname "Nelson" instead of "Harris". They were first credited as "Harris" from 16 May 2003 until 2005.
She is introduced as Katy Nelson, the oldest child and only daughter of Tommy and Angela Nelson when they move into No. 6, Coronation Street. The family had secretly been placed under a witness protection programme, as Angela was due to testify in a gangland murder trial. When the brothers of the defendant come to Weatherfield in order to kill the Harrises, this become common knowledge and the family resume using the surname Harris. Katy discovers that she is diabetic, and nurse Martin Platt (Sean Wilson) helps her to get used to giving herself daily injections of insulin. The pair develop a romantic relationship, even though Martin was nearly 20 years older than Katy, almost as old as her father. Katy becomes pregnant, but her father, Tommy, persuades her to have an abortion by fabricating a story that Martin was having an affair. Tommy hated Martin for sleeping with his daughter, branding him a 'pervert.' 
When Katy finds out that Tommy lied about the affair, she confronts him at the garage, but he shows her no sympathy or remorse. On the spur of the moment, she lashes out and hits him over the head with a wrench, killing him.
Katy's mother Angela witnesses the murder but persuades her not to call the police. They then go through a pretence that Tommy had been killed by an intruder, until forensic evidence leads to Angela's arrest. After a few weeks, Katy decides she cannot live with the guilt any longer and writes a note confessing the truth about her father's death before committing suicide by drinking water mixed with sugar (a deadly solution, because of her diabetes). Martin later finds her lying unconscious on the sofa with the note beside her. She is later taken to hospital, but dies two weeks later.
Craig Harris.
Craig Alexander Harris (previously Nelson), was played by Richard Fleeshman. In real life, Fleeshman's parents David Fleeshman and Sue Jenkins had also starred in "Coronation Street"; Sue played Gloria Todd and David played Mr. Austin. ITV announced in early June 2006 that Richard Fleeshman would be leaving the soap in the autumn of 2006. It was his decision to quit the role of Craig Harris in order to pursue a pop career. Fleeshman filmed his final scenes in late August 2006 and his final episode aired on 16 October 2006.
Craig is the son of Angela and Tommy Harris. He enters the series in November 2002 as Craig Nelson, under the witness protection programme. His mother Angela has witnessed a murder in their home city of Sheffield and the family move away to Weatherfield. He later uses his real surname Harris once the family's cover is blown and they decide to stay in Weatherfield. Soon, Craig befriends David Patt, Rosie Webster and Bradley Diggins. The quartet begin causing trouble for Norris Cole and Rita Sullivan by banging their football against their garage doors. Eventually, they begin making threats when Norris and Rita confiscate their ball, leading to Norris stabbing the ball with scissors. This was all resolved when Tommy took the money off Norris for damages and the quartet went back to school.
When his sister Katy Harris starts dating David's father Martin Platt, her father's friend, who is 20 years older than she is, it causes Tommy and Angela to split up. Upset at this, Craig tampers with the brakes on Martin's car, hoping to split Martin and Katy up and bring back peace to his family. Unfortunately, Katy gets in the car with Martin. Craig tells his father and they race to the rescue. Martin decides not to press charges once he finds out the truth. Soon, David and Craig fight after having an argument over the incident. Tommy and Angela get back together when they realise how much their problems are affecting Craig. 
Craig starts dating Rosie in spring 2004, and this infuriates Rosie's mother Sally Webster as she is trying to get Rosie to be a star. Sally begins getting in the way of them both but this fails. In early 2005, the pair become goths, pushing Sally and Rosie's father Kevin Webster to breaking point. They decide to sleep together, but at the last minute decide that it would be best not to. However, Tommy finds a condom Craig has been planning to use and, thinking his son has slept with Rosie, punches him in the face and knocks him out. Soon, Tommy finds out Rosie stole the condom from Sally and confronts the pair, but soon everything is put right and Craig and Rosie carry on seeing each other.
Despite this, Craig is devastated when his father is killed in March 2005, after sustaining a blow to the head with a wrench. He discovers that Katy committed manslaughter after discovering Tommy had lied to her over Martin having an affair, which caused her to abort her and Martin's child. Katy confronted Tommy and he infuriated her so much that she grabbed a wrench and hit him with it. Angela takes the blame for the kill, despite seeing what Katy has done and is sent to prison. A guilty Katy, also a diabetic, swallows a deadly solution of water and sugar and dies two weeks later. All of this caused Craig to lose his family in a month, and he soon split up with Rosie after seeing how ungrateful she is to have family around. Craig then lives with grandfather Keith Appleyard, who, having decided that Craig has suffered enough problems, chooses to move to Weatherfield rather than taking Craig back to Sheffield. Craig and Rosie re-unite, and he earns a part time job at Dev Alahan's corner shop. 
Soon, the pair decide to have sex and sleep together despite being underage and Keith and his girlfriend Audrey Roberts catch Rosie trying to sneak out of the house the morning afterward. Later, Rosie and Audrey talk and Audrey decides to let the matter go, on the condition they never sleep together again. However, the Craig and Rosie don't listen and they sleep together again on New Year's Eve 2005. Sally goes round to wish the pair happy New Year, but Craig answers the door in a dressing gown, thinking it was a pizza delivery. After seeing Rosie's dress lying on the sofa, Sally goes upstairs to find a naked Rosie in Craig's bed, leading her to drag Rosie back home and banish her upstairs. 
The pair are banned from seeing each other, despite their protests, and are put through hell when Rosie's parents get the police involved in the incident. The police refuse to take action, and soon Rosie decides to go on a school trip to prove nothing can stop their relationship. After a while, Craig is unfaithful to Rosie by seeing friend Suzy Watkins. Rosie's sister Sophie Webster finds out and tells Rosie, who splits up with Craig. They get back together hours later. Weeks later, Sally intends to get Rosie into a private boarding school. When she sees Rosie and Craig kissing, Sally kidnaps her daughter, leaving Craig worried. He tells Kevin about it, and eventually catches up with Sally and Rosie and brings them back safely. After Rosie is run over by a car a month later, Sally and Kevin warm towards Craig after seeing how devoted he is to Rosie, and Kevin offers Craig an apprenticeship at his garage (incidentally, this is where Craig's father Tommy worked and was murdered).
In early summer, Craig is devastated when Keith has an angina attack, and even more upset when builder Charlie Stubbs is evicting them from their house. Keith says they have no choice but to move away somewhere new for a fresh start, and Craig tells Sally and Sophie about it. Soon, Craig starts hiding in his old house, but is quickly caught out when Charlie's girlfriend Tracy Barlow notices strange going-ons in the house. After learning that Rosie is going away on a school trip and that he wouldn't get to see her, Craig decides to tell Rosie about him leaving Weatherfield for a fresh start. Rosie is angered that her mother and sister knew about it all along, and after seeing how upset she is, Craig decides to stay with the Websters' and bids Keith a farewell. Rosie returns in August, and they begin living in a squat, much to the disgust of Sally and Kevin. Eventually, Craig lives with Hayley and Roy Cropper, but Craig doesn't really bond with them. 
Weeks later, Craig and Rosie hatch a plan to run away to Berlin together, to start a new life. The pair decide that Websters' family holiday is the perfect opportunity. Before they leave for the holiday, Craig sees best friend David one last time and bids him farewell. When the Websters' and Craig arrive in Paris, Craig and Rosie enjoy their last day together with the family and later slip away to pack their bags. Rosie leaves a note to her family saying she is sorry for everything. The Websters search frantically for her as Craig and Rosie are about to board the train. However, Rosie looks at a photo of her family and freezes. She tells Craig that she cannot leave her family behind. After a long and tearful goodbye, Craig vows to Rosie that he will always love her and tears himself away from Paris, Weatherfield and a devastated Rosie. It was revealed by Rosie a week later that Craig began work at a hostel with his friend.
Lucy Barlow.
Lucy Barlow (née Richards) is a florist whom Peter Barlow meets while buying a bouquet for Shelley Unwin. He is instantly attracted to her, and an affair begins. Lucy, unknown to Peter, has hired Tracy Barlow to cover her maternity leave. When Tracy tells Peter that her employer is pregnant, Peter realises the child could be his. He later marries Lucy, telling her that he and Shelley have split up. Tracy, however, know different and is happy to keep quiet and be bridesmaid to Lucy and Shelley when he later marries her. Her son Simon is born in early July 2003 but at first Lucy does not want Peter to be involved. She soon discovers that being a single parent is tougher than she thought and gratefully accepts Peter's help. 
Lucy, however, finds out the truth after visiting the Rovers and sees Shelley putting her wedding photos into an album and is horrified to see Peter is her groom. She later returns and shows Shelley her wedding pictures, leaving Shelley distraught when she realises that they have married the same man. Now working together, Shelley introduces Lucy and Simon to the Rovers regulars as Peter's secret wife and son but Lucy sees that Peter and Shelley are getting closer to reconciling so she tricks Peter into thinking they have a future together. He then tells Shelley in front of the pub regulars that he, Lucy and Simon are emigrating to Australia as a family but Lucy then reveals that she and Simon are going alone. Peter resigns himself to the fact that he will never know his son, and leaves the Street soon after.
On 24 October 2008, Peter rings Ken from Portsmouth to inform him that Lucy has died of cancer. He and Simon arrive in Weatherfield a few days later, revealing that Lucy's dying wish was for the five-year-old to be with his father. She leaves her estate to him on that condition
Patrick Tussel.
Patrick Tussel is played by actor and football coach Trevor Dwyer-Lynch. Patrick is a cab driver for local taxi firm "Streetcars", and friend of Eileen Grimshaw from when they were in a group in which Eileen was singer. Patrick frequently serves as a comic foil for Les Battersby and boss Steve McDonald. Patrick makes his final appearance in January 2005, while on crutches after an off-screen incident where his own car ran him over due to the handbrake being left off. 
John Arnley.
John Arnley, played by Paul Warriner, made his first screen appearance on 15 December 2002. The character and casting was announced on 19 November 2002. Warriner previously appeared in Coronation Street as Ben Williams in 1990. Of his role, a spokesperson commented "Paul's role will really start off with a bang, and then a few twists." John began "a passionate affair" with his student Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), but when she took him home to meet her flatmates, John set his sights on Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie). Maria initially rejected John's advances, but a love triangle soon developed, which prompted Toyah to decide to leave the Street.
John is Toyah Battersby's tutor at Granston Technical College. Toyah begins a relationship with John, but is reluctant to introduce him to her flatmates Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine) and Maria Sutherland. Toyah invites John to the Rovers Return to meet Fiz and Maria and they are surprised to see that he is considerably older than Toyah. John takes Toyah to Bordeaux for a holiday and they become closer. However, John become attracted to Maria. Knowing that Fiz and Toyah are out, John calls at their flat and he and Maria have sex. Fiz catches them and insists that Maria tells Toyah. John makes it clear to Fiz that she will not reveal what happened as she would not want to hurt Toyah. He continues to make advances towards Maria, but she rejects him.
A few weeks later, Maria discovers that she is pregnant. When John finds out, he implies that Maria is promiscuous, which earns him a slap, and then offers to pay for an abortion. John tells Toyah that he feels her flatmates do not like him and suggests they move in together, which Toyah agrees to. While Toyah is berating Fiz for not liking John and not being supportive towards Maria, Fiz reveals the truth about their affair. Toyah confronts Maria, who gives her impression that John forced himself on her. Because she was once raped herself, Toyah interrupts John's tutor groups and attacks him. John calms her down and Toyah breaks up with him.
A "Daily Record" reporter branded John "a new Weatherfield hunk", while a writer for the "Huddersfield Daily Examiner" called him "a love-rat lecturer". 

</doc>
<doc id="21636171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636171" title="1992–93 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup">
1992–93 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup

The 1992–93 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup was the 35th edition of the competition. It was won by defending champion Popular Basquet Godella beating Ginnastica Comense in the final. MBK Ruzomberok and Challes Savoie Basket also reached the Final Four, with the Slovaks ranking third.

</doc>
<doc id="21636224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636224" title="Secret profit">
Secret profit

In English law, a secret profit is a profit made by an employee who uses his employer's premises and business facilities in order to engage in unauthorised trade on his own behalf. A common example is a bar manager who purchases beer from a brewery in his own right and sells it in the bar in competition with, or in preference to, that of his employer. The profit made thereby is a secret profit.
Where the employee deceived a customer before 15 January 2007 he could be prosecuted for obtaining property by deception, the property being the customer's money and the deception that he was selling his employer's produce. Such offences were predicated on the presumption that a customer would not purchase illicit goods were he aware of their true provenance. The offence of obtaining property by deception has since been repealed and is now replaced by the offence of fraud by false representation.
The employee is not a constructive trustee of the profit for the employer and the employer has no proprietary interest in the profit. Hence, there is no theft from the employer and the profit is merely a civil debt owed by the employee to the employer. However, where more than one person is involved there could be a conspiracy to defraud and, since the coming into force of the Fraud Act 2006, the employee could be guilty of fraud by abuse of position.

</doc>
<doc id="21636247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636247" title="Beau Mills">
Beau Mills

Beau Bradley Mills (born August 15, 1986) is a former American professional baseball first baseman. He is the son of Brad Mills, a former MLB player and current third base coach of the Cleveland Indians.
He was drafted prior to going to college by the Boston Red Sox in the 44th round of the 2004 MLB Draft.
Before being selected by the Cleveland Indians with the 13th overall pick in the 2007 Major League Baseball Draft, Mills attended Golden West High School (Visalia, California), Lewis-Clark State College, and Fresno State.
After the 2012 season, Mills had officially retired in favor of raising bulls full-time.
Minor league career.
Mills spent the 2008 season with the Kinston Indians. He was named the Carolina League MVP after batting .293/.373/.506 with 21 home runs and 90 RBI.
Mills spent the 2009 season with the Akron Aeros of the AA Eastern League. He batted .267/.308/.417 with 14 home runs and 33 doubles while driving in 83 runs.
Mills again spent a full season with the Aeros. He was among the league leaders in RBI and doubles. While his overall production (.241/.312/.377) dropped for the second straight season, he posted a career low strikeout total.
Mills started the season on the DL, then got off to a slow start with AA Akron. However, he batted over .300 in June and July. After being named Eastern League player of the week, he earned a promotion to the AAA Columbus Clippers.
On June 21st, 2012, Beau Mills was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for cash. He was assigned to the Reds' AA organization in Pensacola. He was released at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21636249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636249" title="Sebastian Heidel">
Sebastian Heidel

Sebastian Heidel (born 26 May 1989 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt) is a German footballer who currently plays for VfL Halle 1896.
Career.
Heidel began his career with FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz, moving in 2005 to the youth team at Hallescher FC

</doc>
<doc id="21636305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636305" title="Children's Hospice South West">
Children's Hospice South West

Children's Hospice South West (CHSW) is a registered charity that provides palliative, respite, end-of-life and bereavement care for life limited children and their families from the South West England region. It is responsible for two of the 41 children's hospices in the United Kingdom.
History.
Children's Hospice South West (CHSW) was founded by Jill and Eddie Farwell in 1991 after spending many years travelling to Helen & Douglas House in Oxford with their own two life limited children. Following a feasibility study, they raised funds and Little Bridge House at Fremington near Barnstaple in North Devon opened in 1995, and instantly provided support for up to 200 families in the South West with life limited children.
The second hospice, Charlton Farm at Wraxall, North Somerset near Bristol, was born out of the growing need to provide additional children's hospice care in the South West. Charlton Farm opened its doors to the first families in April 2007.
This service expanded into Cornwall in 2011. The hospice in Cornwall is called Little Harbour. Little Harbour offers more choices to families across the South West and will also provide a place closer to home for many families from Cornwall and Plymouth, who may find the journey to Little Bridge House and Charlton Farm too far. Children's Hospice South West's £5 million Precious Lives Appeal was been set up to fund the build of this third hospice. Little Harbour has been built at Porthpean, St Austell.

</doc>
<doc id="21636379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636379" title="Bull kelp">
Bull kelp

Bull kelp is a common name for a number of species of kelp (members of the brown algae family Laminariaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="21636390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636390" title="Positive Beat Records">
Positive Beat Records

Positive Beat Records an independent record label formed in West London Ladbroke Grove in 1987. The label presses and sells recordings of local artists.
History.
The labels first single "Your Love Is Quality" was released on 7" and 12" vinyl by soul/dance group Interfaze with a video promo directed by Nic Hofmeyr filmed around Ladbroke Grove. The voice of Interfaze was Maxine Harvey a London soul music singer who had been working on the local circuit.
1987 saw the release of the label’s second single "it’s Getting Ruff" by Rocky X and DD Dance two local emcees of North African extraction with a cover picture on the area of ground that was developed into Sainsburys. This year also saw the recording at Addis Ababa Studios on Harrow Road of "Known 2 Be Down" and its release through EMI and "Jet Star" distribution.
Over 20 local artists, loosely defined as "the Lay Low Crew" and led by Sir Drew, contributed to the 10 songs and it established the credibility of original British rap as opposed to copies of US styles. Time Out magazine called the album "matured, independent, thoughtful and assured" while The Voice ran a full page spread in October, 1987*. The launch party at the Tabernacle in Powis Square was a major local happening. After the album's release She Rockers with Betty Boo got signed to a major as did DJ Loose, who joined Cash Crew, Sir Drew,"Iroc", and "Flex" became Mighty Ethnicz, "Mell-o-D" formed NSO and the scratch DJ "DJ Streets Ahead" gained worked on TV.
After the Album the label started the "Positive Beat Roadshow" linking in with "Sahara Sound System" for the next two years. The Roadshow worked by taking artists from the "Known 2 Be Down" project and local street poets, emcess, Djs and beat boxers around London to community centres and cultural events. The mainstays of the Roadshow were MC Reason a local b-girl and emcee, DJ Chin, Jonie D, "Scare 437", Rapski and "Echo" the human beat box. The resulting shows and interest generated culminated in events such as Raps New Generation at Dingwalls with Camden Arts and performances at Stratford Rex.
1990 saw 12" single releases for two emcees who had built growing reputations from the roadshow performances, MC Reason with "Symbolise" and Jonie D with "Which Base". "Symbolise" got a lot of air play and Mix Mag called it ‘a home made contender for the jazz-rap scene’ while "Which Base" was performed on ITV and Blues & Soul Magazine felt it would have ‘sound following from the hardcore’.
The label's producer Skorpi described the vibe of the label "It's positivity. It's not called black neat, yellow beat, white beat or whatever beat. It's positive beat"

</doc>
<doc id="21636394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636394" title="Jean Cau">
Jean Cau

Jean Cau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21636415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636415" title="Country Club Bakery">
Country Club Bakery

Country Club Bakery, located in Fairmont, West Virginia, USA, is a small family owned bakery that is significant because it is the home of the pepperoni roll. The pepperoni roll is a snack popular in West Virginia and some nearby regions of the Appalachian Mountains. Ubiquitous in West Virginia (particularly in convenience stores), but typically little known elsewhere, it is arguably the food most closely associated with the state (a competitor for this distinction is the ramp). the first pepperoni rolls were created at the Country Club Bakery in Fairmont, West Virginia by Giuseppe "Joseph" Argiro at the Country Club Bakery in Fairmont in 1927, some argue that it was not invented until the 1940s, but no one disputes that they originated at the Country Club Bakery. Fairmont, West Virginia, claims the title of "Pepperoni Roll Capital of the World." 
Pepperoni Rolls.
The rolls originated as a lunch option for the coal miners of north-central West Virginia in the first half of the twentieth century. The pepperoni roll bears a resemblance to the pasty and sausage roll, which originated in the mining communities of Great Britain, as well as to the Italian calzone. All these foods allow a miner on a break from a tiring and dirty job to eat a full meal with a minimum of fuss. Pepperoni and other Italian foods became popular in north-central West Virginia in the early 20th century, when the booming mines and railroads attracted many immigrants from Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21636516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636516" title="Stephen Head">
Stephen Head

Stephen A. Head (born January 13, 1984), is an American professional baseball player in the Colorado Rockies minor leagues. An infielder and outfielder, Head played for the minor league teams in the Cleveland Indians organization since 2005.
Before being selected by the Cleveland Indians with the 62nd overall pick in the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, Head attended Hillcrest Christian School (Jackson, Mississippi) and the University of Mississippi. He was the designated hitter for Team USA during the 2003 Pan American Games, receiving a silver medal for his efforts.
Head spent the 2008 season with the Akron Aeros and helped lead the team to the Eastern League Championship Series. As of 2011 he serves on the Tri-City Dust Devils as their Class A-Short Season player.

</doc>
<doc id="21636569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636569" title="Blunt-toothed giant hutia">
Blunt-toothed giant hutia

The blunt-toothed giant hutia (Amblyrhiza inundata) is an extinct species of giant hutia from Anguilla and Saint Martin that is estimated to have weighed between 50 and 200 kg (110 and 440 lb).
Discovered by Edward Drinker Cope in 1868 in a sample of phosphate sediments mined in an unknown cave (possibly - Cavannagh Cave) in Anguilla and sent to Philadelphia to estimate the value of phosphate sediments.

</doc>
<doc id="21636574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636574" title="Salvia roborowskii">
Salvia roborowskii

Salvia roborowskii is an annual or sometimes biennial herb that is native to a wide area that includes Tibet, Sikkim, and five provinces in China, growing on wet stream banks, grasslands, and hillsides between 8,000-12,000 feet elevation.
Growing up to 3 feet tall in the wild, "Salvia roborowskii" has triangular rosemary-green leaves that cover the upright plant. The leaves have scalloped edges, have a hairy surface, and are indented with veins. The .25 inch lemon-yellow flowers grow out from a rosemary-green calyx, with 8-12 flowers per whorl. Only a few flowers are in bloom at a time.

</doc>
<doc id="21636577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636577" title="Uduvil Electoral District">
Uduvil Electoral District

Uduvil Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between March 1960 and February 1989. The district was renamed Manipay Electoral District in July 1977. The district was named after the towns of Uduvil and Manipay in Jaffna District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Manipay electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Manipay continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
Visvanathan Dharmalingam and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Dharmalingam forfeited his seat in Parliament on 8 October 1983.
Visvanathan Dharmalingam was murdered on 2 September 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21636599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636599" title="Naxalite–Maoist insurgency">
Naxalite–Maoist insurgency

The Naxalite–Maoist insurgency is an ongoing conflict between Maoist groups, known as Naxalites or Naxals, and the Indian government. The conflict in its present form began after the 2004 formation of the CPI-Maoists, a rebel group composed of the PWG (People's War Group), and the MCC (Maoist Communist Centre). In January 2005 talks between the Andhra Pradesh state government and the CPI-Maoists broke down and the rebels accused authorities of not addressing their demands for a written truce, release of prisoners and redistribution of land. The ongoing conflict has taken place over a vast territory (around half of India's 28 states) with hundreds of people being killed annually in clashes between the CPI-Maoists and the government every year since 2005.
The armed wing of the Naxalite–Maoists is called the PLGA (Peoples Liberation Guerrilla Army) and is estimated to have between 6,500 and 9,500 cadres, mostly armed with small arms.
The Naxalites control territory throughout Bihar, Jharkand and Andhra Pradesh states and claim to be supported by the poorest of the rural population, especially the Adivasis. The Naxalites have frequently targeted tribal, police and government workers in what they say is a fight for improved land rights and more jobs for neglected agricultural labourers and the poor. The Naxalites claim that they are following a strategy of rural rebellion similar to a protracted people's war against the government.
In February 2009, the Indian central government announced a new nationwide initiative, to be called the "Integrated Action Plan" (IAP) for broad, co-ordinated operations aimed at dealing with the Naxalite problem in all affected states, namely (Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, and West Bengal). This plan included funding for grass-roots economic development projects in Naxalite-affected areas, as well as increased special police funding for better containment and reduction of Naxalite influence. In August 2010, after the first full year of implementation of the national IAP program, Karnataka was removed from the list of naxal affected states. In July 2011, the number of Naxal affected areas was reduced to (figure includes proposed addition of 20 districts) 83 districts across nine states. In December 2011, the national government reported that the number of Naxalite related deaths and injuries nationwide had gone down by nearly 50% from 2010 levels.
The Naxalite–Maoist insurgency gained international media attention after the 2013 Naxal attack in Darbha valley resulted in the deaths of around 24 Indian National Congress leaders including the former state minister Mahendra Karma and the Chhattisgarh Congress chief Nand Kumar Patel.
Naxalite.
Naxalites are a group of far-left radical communists, supportive of Maoist political sentiment and ideology. Their origin can be traced to the splitting in 1967 of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), leading to the formation of the Communist Party of India (Marxist–Leninist). Initially the movement had its centre in West Bengal. In recent years, it has spread into less developed areas of rural central and eastern India, such as Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh through the activities of underground groups like the Communist Party of India (Maoist).
In 2007, it was estimated that Naxalites were active across "half of the India's 28 states" who account for about 40 percent of India's geographical area an area known as the "Red Corridor", where, according to estimates, they controlled 92,000 square kilometers. In 2009, Naxalites were active across approximately 180 districts in ten states of India In August 2010, Karnataka was removed from the list of naxal affected states In July 2011, the number of Naxal affected areas was reduced to (including proposed addition of 20 districts) 83 districts across nine states.
Region affected.
The Naxalites operate in 60 districts in India, mainly in the states of Orissa (9 affected districts), Jharkhand (14 affected districts), Bihar (seven affected districts), Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh (ten affected districts), Madhya Pradesh (8 affected districts), Maharashtra (2 affected districts) and West Bengal (1 affected district). In West Bengal areas west of Howrah are affected by the insurgency. Chhattisgarh is the epicentre of the conflict (2007).
Areas governed by the elected Communist Party of India (Marxist) in India such as West Bengal, specifically those of Jangalmahal and Lalgarh, are some of the worst affected by anti-state violence by Maoist groups who cite the accumulation of unaccounted for wealth in the hands of CPI-M leaders and specific failure to counter problems they were elected to address such as caste discrimination and poverty.
There is a correlation between areas with extensive coal resources and impact of the insurgency. Naxalites conduct detailed socio-economic surveys before starting operations in a target area.
It is claimed that the insurgents extort 14 billion Indian rupees (more than $US300 million).
In Chhattisgarh, Salwa Judum, an anti-insurgency operation, which was aimed at countering the naxalite violence in the region was launched in 2005. The militia consisting of local tribal youth received support and training from the Chhattisgarh state government. an allegation rejected by the state) was constituted in response to Naxalite activities, and has come under fire from pro-Maoist activist groups for "atrocities and abuse against women", employing child soldiers, and looting and destruction of property. These allegations were rejected by a fact finding commission of the National Human Rights Commission of India (NHRC), appointed by the Supreme Court of India, who determined that the Salwa Judum was a spontaneous reaction by tribals against Maoist atrocities perpetrated against them.
In Bihar, the Ranvir Sena, a caste-supremacist paramilitary of the upper-caste landlords and proscribed terrorist organisation by the Indian government, has been known to kill Dalit civilians in retaliation for Naxalite activity.
In Odisha,the number of districts affected by maoist activities has been reduced from 17 to 9,as claimed by the Director General of Police (DGP), Prakash Mishra on December 30, 2012.
Similar paramilitary groups have emerged in Andhra Pradesh during the last decade. Some of these groups are Fear Vikas, Green Tigers, Nalladandu, Red Tigers, Tirumala Tigers, Palnadu Tigers, Kakatiya Cobras, Narsa Cobras, Nallamalla Nallatrachu (Cobras) and Kranthi Sena. Civil liberties activists were murdered by the Nayeem gang in 1998 and 2000. On 24 August 2005, members of the Narsi Cobras killed an individual rights activist and schoolteacher in Mahbubnagar district.
Public Statements on the Insurgency.
In 2006, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the Naxalites the "single biggest internal security challenge ever faced by our country". In June 2011, he said, "Development is the master remedy to win over people",adding that the government was "strengthening the development work in the 60 Maoist-affected districts.
In 2010 the Indian government's Home Secretary, Gopal Krishna Pillai,acknowledged that there are legitimate grievances regarding local people's access to forest land and produce and the distribution of benefits from mining and hydro power developments, but claims that the Naxalites' long-term goal is to establish an Indian Marxist state. He said the government decided to tackle the Naxalites head-on, and take back much of the lost areas.
In 2011, Indian police accused the Chinese government of providing sanctuary to the movement's leaders, and accused Pakistani ISI of providing financial support.
Timeline.
2002.
The People's War Group (PWG) intensified its attacks against politicians, police officers, and land and business owners in response to a July ban imposed on the group by the Andhra Pradesh government. The government responded by tightening security, allegedly ordering attacks on suspected PWG members by state police and the "Green Tigers". Police forces continued to have virtual impunity for the killing of PWG rebels during police encounters. The Maoist Communist Center rebels intensified their armed campaign against Indian security forces following the killing of their leader by police in December. An estimated 140 people were killed in fighting between the PWG and government forces throughout the year. According to government reports, 482 people have died during the conflict that year.
2003.
The conflict in Andhra Pradesh intensified as Naxalite rebel groups, in particular the PWG, continued guerrilla attacks on police and government targets while the security forces stepped up counter-insurgency efforts. An October assassination attempt on Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu was consistent with the PWG’s practice of targeting government officials to draw attention to their cause. According to independent media reports, as many as 500 people were killed in the conflict this year, half of these Maoist rebels.
2004.
Sporadic, low-intensity fighting between the PWG and government forces continued for most of the year. Attacks on police and TDP party officials, believed to be carried out by the PWG, accounted for most major incidents and deaths. A three-month cease-fire, announced in late June, led to failed negotiations between the government and the PWG. A few days into the cease-fire, an attack attributed to the PWG placed the cease-fire in jeopardy. More than 500 people were killed in sporadic, low-intensity fighting, a reduction from previous years. Most victims were members of the police forces or the Telugu Desam Party (a regional political party).
2005.
Violent clashes between Maoist rebels and state security forces and paramilitary groups increased following the breakdown of peace talks between the PWG and the state government of Andhra Pradesh. Rebels continued to employ a wide range of low-intensity guerrilla tactics against government institutions, officials, security forces and paramilitary groups. For the first time in recent years, Maoist rebels launched two large scale attacks against urban government targets. Fighting was reported in 12 states covering most of south, central and north India with the exception of India’s northeast and northwest. More than 700 people were reported killed this year in violent clashes. Over one-third of those killed were civilians.
2006.
Maoist attacks continued, primarily on government and police targets. Civilians were also affected in landmine attacks affecting railway cars and truck convoys. Clashes between state police and rebels also resulted in deaths of members of both parties, and civilians that were caught in the crossfire. Fighting differs from state to state, depending on security and police force responses. In the state of Andhra Pradesh, security forces have been somewhat successful in maintaining control and combating Maoist rebels. The other state that is most affected, Chhattisgarh, has seen an increase in violence between Maoist rebels and villagers who are supported by the government. In 2006, 500 to 750 people were estimated killed, fewer than half Naxalites, and approximately one-third civilians.
2007.
Fighting continued between Naxalite Maoists and government security forces throughout the year. The majority of hostilities took place in Chhattisgarh, which turned especially deadly when over 400 Naxalites attacked a Chhattisgarh police station, seizing arms and killing dozens.
In November 2007 reports emerged that anti-SEZ (Special Economic Zone) movements such as the Bhoomi Uchched Pratirodh Committee in Nandigram in West Bengal, which arose after the land appropriation and human displacement following the SEZ Act of 2005, have joined forces with the Naxalites since February to keep the police out. Recently, police found weapons belonging to Maoists near Nandigram. Civilians were forced to choose between joining the Maoist insurgence or supporting the Salwa Judum and face coercion from both sides. According to news reports, this conflict resulted in 650 deaths during 2007; of these 240 were civilians, 218 security personnel and 192 militants.
2008.
Civilians were most affected in the ongoing fighting between Maoist rebels and government security forces. Of the 16 states touched by this conflict, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand were the most affected. One positive note for Chhattisgarh was that fatalities, although still high, were significantly down from 2007. Similarly, Andhra Pradesh, the state with the most Maoist activity a few years ago, has improved security with a corresponding drop in fatality rates. Unfortunately, as conditions have improved in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh, the Maoist forces seem to have shifted their operations to the state of Orissa where conditions have worsened. South Asia Terrorism Portal’s fatality count across the six states that saw the majority of the fighting (Bihar, Orissa, Jharkhand, Maharashira, Chhattisgarh, and Andhra Pradesh) was 794. This included 399 civilians, 221 security force personnel and 174 insurgents.
2009.
In 2009, Naxalites were active across approximately 180 districts in ten states of India.
In September 2009 India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh admitted that the Maoists had growing appeal among a large section of Indian society, including tribal communities, the rural poor as well as sections of the intelligentsia and the youth. He added that "Dealing with left-wing extremism requires a nuanced strategy – a holistic approach. It cannot be treated simply as a law and order problem." In the first half of 2009, 56 Maoist attacks were reported. The South Asia Terrorism Portal reported 998 killed in the conflict: 392 civilians, 312 security forces and 294 rebels.
2010.
During February the Silda camp attack killed 24 paramilitary personnel of the Eastern Frontier Rifles in an operation the guerillas stated was the beginning of "Operation Peace Hunt", the Maoist answer to the government "Operation Green Hunt" that was recently launched against them. According to Crisis Watch and various news sources, between 500 and 600 people were killed this year. Of those killed, approximately 366 were civilians, 188 were government troops (including police) and 27 were Naxalites. According to South Asia Terrorism Portal and government sources, over 1,000 deaths occurred in the conflict this year. This includes 277 security forces, 277 Naxalites, and more than 600 civilian.
On 6 April, Naxalite rebels killed 76, consisting of 74 paramilitary personnel of the CRPF and two policemen. Fifty others were wounded in the series of attacks on security convoys in Dantewada district in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The attack resulted in the biggest loss of life security forces have suffered since launching a large-scale offensive against the rebels. 
On 17 May, a Naxalite landmine destroyed a bus in Dantewada district, killing up to 44 people including several Special Police Officers (SPOs) and civilians.
On 28 May the derailment of a Kolkata–Mumbai night train killed at least 150 persons. Police alleged that Maoists had caused the derailment by removing a short (46 cm or 1½ft) piece of track, but the Maoists denied this.
On 29 June, at least 26 policemen are killed in a Maoist attack in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
On 29 August, a joint team of BSF and district police was attacked by the rebels in Bhuski village (Chhattisgarh) under Durg Kondal police station in the district while they were conducting routine search operations in the wee hours. Following the attack, the forces retaliated and in the action they lost five security personnel, including three BSF jawans.
On 29 and 30 August, rebels ambushed a joint paramilitary-police team in Bihar, killing 10, wounding 10 more, taking 4 prisoners and robbing more than 35 automatic rifles from the state forces. The Naxalites later freed 3 of the policemen after Naxal leader Kishenji met with worried family members.
On 12 September, Naxalites killed 3 policemen and took 4 more hostage in an ambush in Chhattisgarh. The 4 policemen were later released without conditions after Naxal leaders listened to the appeals of family members. The freed policemen also promised the Naxals to never take up arms against the insurgency again.
On 5 October, rebels killed 4 Police officers as they were on their way to a market in Maharashtra.
On 7 October, Naxalites attempted derailment of Triveni express, a train of Singrauli-Bareilly route, by removing 4 fishplates and 42 sleeper clips.
On 8 October, Naxalites triggered a landmine in the border area between Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra. The attack killed 3 Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) jawans, wounded 2 more and destroyed a military jeep.
2011.
During May, Naxalites killed and dismembered ten policemen, including one senior officer in the Gariyaband, Chhattisgarh area on the border with Orissa. In June, the total fatalities of both the police and the paramilitary was 43.
On 21 July 2011, Maoist rebels in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh blew up a bridge, killing four people and wounding five others. The attack happened when the Congress party chief of the state, Nandkumar Patel, was returning from a party function.
Despite the continued violence in 2011, the most recent central government campaign to contain and reduce the militant Naxalite presence appears to be having some success, the 2011 toll of 447 civilians and 142 security personnel killed having been nearly 50% lower than the 2010 toll. Some states experiencing this sharp reduction in Naxalite hostilities, such as Madhya Pradesh, attribute their success to their use of IAP funds for rural development.
2012.
In mid-March, Maoist rebels kidnapped two Italians in Orissa. They later released one, while the government of Orissa negotiated for the release of the second. The Maoists released the second hostage in the middle of April. The Member of the Legislative Assembly(MLA) of Laxmipur constituency (Orissa), Jhin Hikka, was abducted by the Maoists in March, who demand the release of 30 Maoist cadres (presently in jail) in exchange for the freedom of the MLA. The Orissa Govternment is negotiating with the cadres with the help of arbitrators to free the MLA.
On 27 March, an explosion blamed on Maoists killed 15 Indian policemen in Maharashtra.
2013.
The 2013 Naxal attack in Darbha valley resulted in the deaths of around 24 Indian National Congress leaders including the former state minister Mahendra Karma and the Chhattisgarh Congress chief Nand Kumar Patel.
Human toll.
The first combat deaths of the insurgency were in 1980. Around 1,100 people are known to have died during 2009. The number includes 600 civilians, 300 security personnel and 200 rebels.
There were more than 40,000 displaced people in 2006.
According to the Institute of Peace and Conflict studies, Naxal groups have recruited children in different capacities and exposed them to injury and death. However the same accusation has been levelled at the state-sponsored Salwa Judum anti-Maoist group, and Special Police officers (SPOs) assisting the government security forces.
Deaths related to violence.
According to the BBC, more than 6,000 people have died during the rebels' 20-year fight between 1990 and 2010.
Based on the above displayed statistics, it can be determined that more than 12,180 people have been killed since the start of the insurgency in 1980, of which more than half died in the last ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="21636620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636620" title="NASCAR lore">
NASCAR lore

NASCAR lore has developed since the sport's founding in 1947. It includes NASCAR's colorful history of races along with the drivers and machines that have competed in them. Largely through the efforts of sportswriters and television, some events have become extremely famous, even legendary, in the history of the sport.
Some races are made famous by a dramatic last-lap battle for the win, while others are notable for special achievements, historical significance, or controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="21636680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636680" title="Eremopezus">
Eremopezus

Eremopezus is a prehistoric bird genus. It is known only from the fossil remains of a single species, the huge and presumably flightless Eremopezus eocaenus. This was found in Upper Eocene Jebel Qatrani Formation deposits around the Qasr el Sagha escarpment, north of the Birket Qarun lake near Faiyum in Egypt. The rocks its fossils occur in were deposited in the Priabonian, with the oldest dating back to about 36 million years ago (Ma) and the youngest not less than about 33 Ma.
It is not precisely known from which strata the first few remains of this bird were collected. They were formerly considered of Early Oligocene age—some 33-30 Ma—but this is now assumed incorrect, as only the upper and not the entire Jebel Qatrani Formation is of Oligocene age. It is also possible that they are from the slightly older Qasr el Sagha Formation, but as both this and the Oligocene parts of the Jebel Qatrani Formation were laid down in an ecosystem markedly different from that of the Eocene Jebel Qatrani Formation, it is now assumed that all material of "E. eocaenus" is from the lowest rocks of the Jebel Qatrani Formation.
Material, taxonomy and systematics.
It was originally described from a distal left tibiotarsus piece (specimen BMNH A843); a toe phalanx bone found soon thereafter was tentatively assigned to this bird. "Eremopezus" was initially believed a ratite and loosely allied with the elephant birds of Madagascar. Thus, when a piece of tarsometatarsus shaft was found some time later north of the ruins of Dimeh (Dimê; itself a bit north of the Birket Qarun) this was described as Stromeria fajumensis; though it had a size to match the holotype tibiotarsus it was thought to resemble an elephant bird even more. The shaft (specimen BSPG 1914 I 53) has a prominent plantar (backside) ridge also found in "Mullerornis betsilei", and this was used to ally the fossil bone with this rather small and gracile elephant bird. The "Eremopezus" specimen on the other hand has deep ligamental pits on the lateral and medial sides of the distal condyles, which are not found in the elephant birds proper. These pits together with a crisply defined ridge held a sling of ligament, which in turn—in place of the bony supratendinal bridge found in some other birds—kept the ankle tendons from dislocating. The tarsometatarsus is also more similar to that of an unspecific ratite, such as an emu, ostrich or rhea, rather than to the apomorphic one of the elephant birds.
Almost 100 years after the discovery of the holotype, more "Eremopezus" fossils were unearthed from the famous quarry L-41 at Tel Akgrab near . These are also all leg and foot bones, namely specimens DPC 20919 (a distal right tibiotarsus and its entire tarsometatarsus), DPC 5555 (the lower half of a left tarsometatarsus) and DPC 18309 (the distal end of a left tarsometatarsus).
Some fossil eggshells from the Maghreb, described as "Psammornis" and resembling those of ratite eggs, were assigned to "Eremopezus" by various authors. They were at first believed to date form the Paleogene also, but today are generally considered far younger (of late Neogene age, probably less than 5 Ma) and indeed to have been laid by ostriches or close relatives thereof.
The scientific name "Eremopezus eocaenus" is rather ambiguous in meaning; a possible translation is "walking hermit from the Eocene". "Eremos" (ἐρῆμος) is an Ancient Greek term signifying a lonely or solitary place or person: a hermit, a desert or a wasteland. Yet while Faiyum is located at the edge of the Libyan Desert, it is a well-vegetated location even today; some 35-30 Ma it was a lush region and teemed with life. On the other hand, is it not at all likely that such a large and quite likely predatory bird like "E. eocaenus" was in any way gregarious or occurred at high population densities. It might therefore be described as a "hermit" with some justification, but certainly not as a "desert-dweller". "pezus" is Latinized Greek from "pezós" (πεζός), "someone who walks". "eocaenus" refers to the bird's age; as noted, the initial 1904 assessment of C. W. Andrews was indeed correct. "Stromeria fajumensis" was named in honor of the paleontologist Ernst Stromer von Reichenbach, and the bone's place of discovery.
Systematics.
Careful study of the remains suggests that their apparent similarity to ratites is misleading. They actually combine a number of traits not found in any known ratite lineage, and in particularly not in the ostriches and elephant birds (the only ratites biogeographically close to "Eremopezus"). Moreover, the prehistoric bird had several peculiar traits not at all found in ratites, but present in certain neognaths: its toes were widely divergent and could flex through a wide range of positions, while strong tendons gave the bird a firm grip. In the associated anatomical details, "E. eocaenus" resembled the secretarybird ("Sagittarius serpentarius") and the shoebill ("Balaeniceps rex"), two rather singular African endemics.
The secretarybird is a bird of prey that can fly well, but prefers to walk around on its long legs, especially when foraging. It uses its flexible toes to grab prey—large arthropods and small to mid-sized terrestrial vertebrate. It throws the prey around and kicks it forcefully, smashing it to death or breaking its spine. The shoebill, meanwhile, for lack of a better theory was long considered a large aberrant stork relative in the Ciconiiformes. This eventually proved incorrect. While "B. rex" is indeed a member of the same group of "higher waterbirds" as are storks and herons, it is closely related to pelicans and thus came to be included in the Pelecaniformes—which are not monophyletic as described in old times, however, and whose small core group, for simplicity, is included in the Ciconiiformes by some recent authors. Insofar, the shoebill is today recognized as the formerly missing link uniting pelicans and storks. Like the pelicans, it uses its massive bill and throat sac to catch large fish and similar aquatic vertebrates, but unlike them it is a wading, not a swimming bird, and correspondingly has long legs like a stork. It clambers through reed beds in search of good fishing spots, and uses its flexible toes to firmly hold on to such uncertain substrate as heaps of wind-blown vegetation at the edge of the open water or roots and logs of trees.
But this does not mean that "Eremopezus" was a close relative of either secretarybird or shoebill. Even though modern taxonomy generally tries to avoid using monotypic families as much as possible, its placement in a distinct family Eremopezidae may well be warranted, as its closest relatives remain completely obscure.
For the birds of prey, a Paleocene (perhaps even Late Cretaceous) origin seems most likely; the first fossils of the present-day lineages (and some entirely extinct forms) are abundant in Eocene strata of the Holarctic, particularly Europe. The falcons seem to have rapidly spread throughout the Americas, where the plesiomorphic caracaras are found. The other diurnal raptors, family Accipitridae—by some considered more distinct, as core group of an order Accipitriformes –, apparently diversified eastwards into Asia and eventually into Africa.
As regards the secretarybird, the genus "Pelargopappus" occurred at about the same time as "E. eocaenus" in today's France, separated from the site of Faiyum by more than 1,500 km of the shrinking Tethys Sea. The Maghreb was closer to Europe however, not more than today's Mediterranean where it is widest, and numerous bird lineages are known to have occurred in Africa as well as in Europe during the Eocene. "Pelargopappus" seems to be an ancient secretarybird, not an ancestor of the living species but not far removed from the last common ancestor either. Its remains, and how they differ from secretarybirds, give an idea how the Sagittariidae of that time looked like. So even though "Pelargopappus" has not yet been directly compared to the African fossil in a cladistic analysis, the pronounced differences between "Eremopezus" and "Sagittarius" and the biogeography of "Pelargopappus" suggest that "Eremopezus" was not especially close to the secretarybird's lineage. Thus, even if it belongs with the Falconiformes (or Accipitriformes), it would probably remain in its distinct family.
The same is true if it were placed in the Pelecaniformes. For as it seems, "Goliathia andrewsi", an ancestral shoebill that was slightly larger and presumably far less apomorphic than the living species, lived at about the same time and in the same region as "E. eocaenus". It is only known from a single ulna, which proves however that it was far less in bulk than "Eremopezus" and certainly able to fly well.
But all things considered, very little can be said about the affiliations of "Eremopezus". As ratites are nowadays presumed to have evolved from flying paleognaths similar to tinamous after the Cretaceous—see also "Palaeotis"—the Egyptian fossil may be a distinct lineage of ratites after all, and is sometimes allied with the Paleocene "Remiornis" from France. And indeed, as noted by the first scientists that studied it, its known bones—in particular the distal tarsometatarsus—are more similar to those of ratites in general shape and in some details than to other birds. The details (such as lack of the supratendinal bridge) may however be simply plesiomorphies, while the overall resemblance might be the result of convergent evolution—for the autapomorphies of its toes are starkly unlike those found in any ratite. Thus, it is was a ratite, it probably was the most unusual ratite known to date (while the hardly better-known "Remiornis" may very well have been a rather conventional proto-ostrich).
As far as can be told however, ratites did never evolve gripping feet like seen in the fossils, and neither did they fare very successfully in wetland habitat as represented in the Jebel Qatrani Formation. The latter holds true for Galliformes, which are ancient neognaths of the fowl clade (Galloanserae). Anseriformes, the other living member of this group, include the typical waterfowl such as ducks, and many of them independently evolved flexible toes, giving them the ability to perch despite having only a vestigial hallux (see also Cairinini). The Anseriformes also contain the gigantic flightless mihirungs (Dromornithidae) of Australia (which were, at first, also believed ratites). It is not inconceivable that "E. eocaenus" was a more aquatic African equivalent of these.
Thus, until more fossils are found, all that can be said is that "Eremopezus" is unlikely to have been a galliform or a member of the "near passerines" group (in the strict sense—perching birds and their immediate allies); these latter orders are generally smallish, live in trees, and probably evolved even later than the birds of prey. But beyond that, it cannot even be ruled out with reasonable certainty that the initial assessment—however lacking by the standards of today's scientific method—was correct and that "E. eocaenus" was indeed a highly apomorphic paleognath.
Description.
While the rest of the bird can only be tentatively inferred, the legs (the lower leg to midfoot actually) of this gigantic bird are rather well-known today and their details yield some rather robust information on the habits of "E. eocaenus".
Feet.
Its tibiotarsus length is not precisely known; if it had the proportions found in elephant birds and moa, it would have been 80–90 cm long. But there is no real reason to assume that "Eremopezus", living in wetlands rich in predators, was similar to these bulky lumbering insular ratites. The tibiotarsus of DPC 20919 preserves most of the bone and is as long as the complete tarsometatarsus already (34 cm); an overall tibiotarsus length of c. 40–50 cm, as found in the small slow-moving elephant bird "Mullerornis agilis" and the nimble emu, is a reasonable estimate.
The tarsometatarsus had a small hypotarsus with a single simple crest and devoid of foramina for tendons. The ankle joint consists of a sizable midward and an even larger outward groove. The conspicuous ridge on the backside of the tarsometatarsus is formed by the third toe's midfoot bones, which are set to the plantar side in respect to their neighbors, with which they are fused. This is particularly noticeable in the lower part of the bone, where a corresponding groove is present on the dorsal side. This smooths out proximad, with the proximal half of the bone—which is not known from an unflattened specimen to date—probably oval or triangular (with the point backwards) in cross section.
As regards the length and stoutness of the lower leg and the foot, "E. eocaenus" would probably have been similar to a good-sized American rhea ("Rhea americana") in measurements. Its toes, however, differed vastly in shape and posture from those of this ratite (and most other birds). Above the tibiotarsal trochleae of the African bird, the bone was considerably wider than the ankle, among ratites being matched by some moa and the dwarf cassowary ("Casuarius bennetti"). Thus, towards its toes the midfoot bone must have flared outwards, resulting in an overall wide-footed appearance. It is notable that while elephant birds have toes that are only a little more flaring than those of rheas, those of fast-running long-legged birds (ratites and others, like seriemas and some Charadriiformes) generally tend to bunch together in a narrower angle, with the most extreme situation found in the ostrich. This suggests that wherever "Eremopezus" did walk, it indeed walked or trotted and ran only in dire need—if it could run quickly at all, which is by no means certain.
It is also notable that the attachment point of the tibiotarsal trochleae was flattened in "Eremopezus", leaving little room for a bulky pad where the toes joined. In cursorial birds, this area is typically wide, to provide space for a large cushioning pad where the toes join, which improves balance during walking or running. The structure in "E. eocaenus", by contrast, must have allowed a much better toe-flexing ability. The shallow grooves on the trochleae allowed for considerable sideways mobility of the toes; if the single phalanx bone known is assigned correctly to this species (it is the best match in size by far), it is very wide at the proximal end and tapers noticeably distad. The third (middle) toe was the most robust and largest. The inner toe was about as large as the outer one, and attached noticeably more proximal on the tibiotarsus. There is a single foramen on the dorsal side of the tarsometatarsus, with a plantar exit hole between the third and fourth metacarpal's distal ends (presumably for the outer toe's adductor tendon) and another (presumably for nerves and blood vessels) on the plantar surface of the tarsometatarsus. The outer sides of the outer trochleae have a hook at their backward end, which together with deep pits for ligaments nearby must have served to hold strong tendons. Its hallux was vestigial, as is typical for birds that move about on foot a lot; it even cannot be ruled out that the hallux was entirely missing (as in ratites).
Size and flightlessness.
"E. eocaenus" was somewhat ponderous, at about the body size of "Mullerornis betsilei". As this was one of the heavy-boned elephant birds, "Eremopezus" was probably lighter than it, especially if it retained the air-filled bones of flying ancestors. From the ground to the pelvis, it stood probably as high as a large rhea or small emu—slightly less than one meter in all probability –, though the robust bones of the prehistoric bird appear to have supported a larger bulk than those of the fleet-footed ratites. Altogether, even if it was not particularly long-necked "Eremopezus" must have stood about as high as an average adult human. It weighed probably less than 50 kg—slightly more than a large emu—and more than 10 kg—slightly more than the largest living storks (which reach over 150 cm in height) and the shoebill.
The general limit for weight in flying birds is at about 25 kg, the exceptional "Argentavis magnificens" with its size and weight of a good-sized adult human notwithstanding as it evolved under unusual ecological conditions. Large males of the Kori bustard ("Ardeotis kori") and great bustard ("Otis tarda") are perfectly capable of flight, while weighing in excess of 20 kg. A wing loading of c. 25 kg/m2 is the known limit for bird flight under normal circumstances; thus, a case could be made for "Eremopezus" to have been capable of flight. Paleontologists do not consider this likely however, due to the stoutness of the bones, which in such a degree is only known from birds that were certainly flightless. The secretarybird's tarsometatarsus, for example, is only some 20% shorter but more than 60% slimmer than that of "E. eocaenus". Thus, its wings and arm bones were probably reduced, a process known to have taken as little as 10,000 years in some island rails.
Plumage and beak.
As birds become flightless, their feathers soon lose the barbule hooks that keep them in shape, becoming more hair-like; when flight performance is of no significance anymore, this can improve the insulating properties of the plumage. Nothing is known about the plumage color of "Eremopezus"; it was presumably not very gaudily colored as it had to avoid apex predators, but little else can be inferred. Perhaps most likely it had white, black or grey feathers with at least some eumelanin but little carotenoids and phaeomelanins, as usual among the "higher waterbirds" in general, and specifically those that inhabit similar habitat. But as long as its its relationships are unresolved, there is no reason to rule out that it might have been some sort of brown for example. The hair-like plumage of flightless birds does not allow for bright structural colors; birds like the kakapo ("Strigops habroptila") and the takahē ("Porphyrio hochstetteri") show that anything beyond olive drab and dusky blue is physically impossible as soon as the feathers start to lose their structure.
If it was a terrestrial animal, it might have been fairly short-necked; if it inhabited wetlands, its neck was probably not short and quite possibly rather long. The bill of "Eremopezus" was of unknown shape, but must in some way have been adapted to its feeding. Even if not a predator, being as it seems a member of the Neoaves its not-too-distant ancestors probably fed on animals. If it fed on terrestrial prey, it might have had the hooked bill of a bird of prey, but this is very specialized. Among the "higher waterbirds" that variously consume aquatic and/or terrestrial large invertebrates and small vertebrates, a spear-like pointed bill seems to have proven most apt for the task. The Pelecaniformes in particular have a distinct hook or "nail" on the billtip, which is even present in the otherwise plesiomorphic bill of the hammerkop ("Scopus umbretta"). If "E. eocaenus" was a pelecaniform, it probably also possessed this "nail", but apart from that its bill might just as well have evolved autapomorphies as bizarre as those of the pelicans.
Ecology.
The Jebel Qatrani Formation is mainly composed of sandstones and mudstones, which were laid down as point bar and overbanks of meandering freshwater rivers, which drained the northeastern tip of Africa westwards into a depression just inland from the Tethys Sea shores, and at least in the wet season must have expanded into large shallow lakes. The entire region was low-lying, and only a few million years (Ma) before "Eremopezus" inhabited these lands—and when sea levels were higher—submerged under the ocean. The climate was warmer than today, and the region probably was tropical with abundant rainfall during the monsoon season, as indicated by the paleosols formed from alluvial sediments and traces of buttress roots. Altogether, the habitat must have resembled the Niger Delta of our time. The "Eremopezus" fossils dated with confidence are from a time when there was apparently more forest and less grassland in the region than half a dozen million years later. The reed grasses of the subfamily Arundinoideae were probably far less widespread in Africa 35 Ma than they are today, but it is fairly likely that other Poales reeds—Cyperaceae (maybe including the ancestors of the Papyrus Sedge "Cyperus papyrus"), Juncaceae and Typhaceae—grew in aquatic habitats back then already.
The terrestrial fauna in the habitat of "Eremopezus" consisted mainly of the ancestors of animals occurring in Africa today; among mammals particularly Afrotheria were present. Some entirely extinct lineages were also found, e.g. Anthracotheriidae and Creodonta. As regards birds, fossils are only plentiful from some Ma later; as mentioned above, they generally represent the Paleogene avifauna found around the shores of the shrinking Tethys Sea, whose descendants nowadays live in tropical Africa. In quarry L-41, remains of a large ancestral stork (presumably "Palaeoephippiorhynchus dietrichi") were present, indicating that two or three "E. eocaenus" (one right and two left feet were found) died in or next to a slow-moving or stagnant watercourse. This agrees with the view that the birds actually lived in such habitat, rather than their carcasses having been transported there by a flood or similar.
"E. eocaenus" might have been a frugivore or even herbivore of swamp forests, but the early Neoaves (to which it probably belonged) are generally predatory. As a predator, it would have fed mainly on mid-sized terrestrial vertebrates—for example large reptiles or smallish mammals. Alternatively—depending on its preferred habitat—it could have eaten mainly aquatic vertebrates. It cannot be ruled out that it was a filter feeder like flamingos (as of 2008 tentatively considered highly specialized "higher waterbirds") or most Anseriformes. In any case, it would need to roam a considerable range to find enough food, and thus population density was likely low. Unmated birds were probably solitary. Mated pairs might have stayed together for life, as they often do in birds.
Large hyaenodontid creodonts—"Akenatenavus" cf. "leptognathus" and possibly "Metapterodon"—shared the habitat with "E. eocaenus", and these pack-hunting carnivores, larger than the average dog, could well have included it among their prey. Flightless or at least not quick in taking off, and not well-adapted to running away from threats either, retreating into the swamplands or reed belt would have provided a means of escape for the large birds. Here too, the highly mobile toes would have proven useful. While near the water, "Eremopezus" would have had to watch out for the basal crocodile ""Crocodylus" megarhinus", the aquatic apex predator of Late Eocene Faiyum. On the other hand, the long-snouted gavialid "Eogavialis africanum" makes a rather unlikely predator of the giant bird, but feeding on large fish and other mid-sized vertebrates (like the false gharial "Tomistoma schlegelii" of the present time), it would probably have competed with "E. eocaenus" for food to some extent if the bird indeed was a carnivorous semi-aquatic species.
As only tentative inferences can be made about the habits of "Eremopezus", it is not clear why it became extinct. Still, nothing even remotely resembling a possible descendant is known or inferred, making it rather likely that its lineage did not progress very far. It is sometimes believed that flightless birds cannot compete with carnivorous mammals, but the Phorusrhacidae prove that even carnivorous flightless birds can very well thrive in the presence of mammalian competitors. However, the rather comprehensive ecological data indicates that habitat in the Faiyum region changed at the start of the Oligocene: for some time, savanna dominated by true grasses (Poaceae) and shrubland seem to have displaced the swamp forest to a considerable extent, creating a habitat similar to that found at the less humid regions along the lower Sénégal River. When the forest expanded again, different mammals—an abundance of monkeys but far fewer of the huge Pliohyracidae hyraxes—inhabited it. In general, the emerging picture is one of an economic upheaval that lasted for perhaps 10 million years, and during which the Paleogene ecosystem at Faiyum with its numerous now-extinct lineages gave way to a more modern one, inhabited by the ancestors of animals that live in tropical Africa today. If "Eremopezus" was indeed a swamp forest bird, it may well have succumbed to this change. In that respect, it is notable that the "African" fauna found in Europe was replaced by animals originating in Asia starting at about the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="21636689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636689" title="Whitefish Lake (Thunder Bay District)">
Whitefish Lake (Thunder Bay District)

Whitefish Lake is located in the Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada, near the village of Nolalu. The lake contains walleye, pike, and small mouth bass but is noted for its perch fishing. The average depth of Whitefish Lake is seven feet. Access to the lake is a public launch located on Highway 588 and many independent tourist resorts. Whitefish Lake is and has a maximum depth of . The lake drains into Lake Superior via the river Arrow.

</doc>
<doc id="21636709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636709" title="Gustav Schäfer">
Gustav Schäfer

Gustav Schäfer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21636748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636748" title="Pseudogrinnellia">
Pseudogrinnellia

Pseudogrinnellia is a genus of red alga in the family Delesseriaceae. 

</doc>
<doc id="21636796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636796" title="Kraemer House">
Kraemer House

Kraemer House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21636866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636866" title="Acerenza Cathedral">
Acerenza Cathedral

Acerenza Cathedral (, "Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta e San Canio") is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and to Saint Canius in the town of Acerenza, in the province of Potenza and the region of Basilicata, Italy. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Acerenza.
The cathedral is one of the most notable Romanesque structures in this part of Italy.
History and description.
The diocese was certainly established by the late 5th century, but the structure of the present Romanesque cathedral building dates from 1080, when construction was begun under archbishop Arnald of Cluny. The site however is far more ancient and traces remain in the present building both of a pagan temple to Hercules Acheruntinus and of the earlier Christian church.
It has a Latin cross ground plan, and three aisles, which terminate in a raised presbytery behind which is an apse with an ambulatory and three radiating chapels, an unusual feature in Italian church design; the transept also terminates at either end in a semi-circular chapel. The ambulatory contains the altar which houses the relics of Saint Canius (or Canus; ).
The crypt dates from 1524 and contains what is believed to be the sarcophagus of Saint Canius.
The campanile was added in 1555, and reuses many interesting fragments of ancient stonework, including two Roman sarcophagi and a sacrificial altar decorated with bulls' heads.
The interior of the cathedral features many unusual zoomorphic and floral carvings, in the Cluniac manner, the possible symbolic significance of which has caused speculation.
Works of art.
Of especial note are a polyptych showing Our Lady of the Rosary and the Fifteen Mysteries, with Saints Dominic and Thomas, made by Antonio Stabile in 1583, and four frescos in the cloister by Giovanni Todisco di Abriola.
The cathedral also possesses a noted marble portrait bust of the Emperor Julian the Apostate, which formerly was believed to show Saint Canius.

</doc>
<doc id="21636877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636877" title="Acherontemys">
Acherontemys

Acherontemys is an extinct genus from Miocene of United States. It was assigned to Chelydridae by Robert L. Carroll (1988); and to Emydidae by Hutchison (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="21636915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636915" title="Chelydrops">
Chelydrops

Chelydrops is an extinct genus of Chelydridae from Miocene of North America. Only one species is described, "Chelydrops stricta" (Matthew, 1924).
The genus was considered by Hutchison (2008) to be a junior synonym of the genus "Macrochelys", containing the alligator snapping turtle; Hutchison transferred the species "C. stricta" to the genus "Macrochelys".

</doc>
<doc id="21636946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636946" title="Ahmedpur Mandvi Beach">
Ahmedpur Mandvi Beach


</doc>
<doc id="21636961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636961" title="Macrocephalochelys">
Macrocephalochelys

Macrocephalochelys is an extinct genus of turtles belonging in the family Chelydridae. It was first described from a partial skull from the Pliocene found in the Ukraine by Piboplichko and Taraschchuk in 1960. It was assigned to the family Chelydridae by R. L. Carroll in 1988 although it was previously hypothesised to belong in Chelydridae by Chkhikvadze in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="21636981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636981" title="Planiplastron">
Planiplastron

Planiplastron is an extinct genus of snapping turtle. It was first described by Chkhikvadze in 1971. It was assigned to the family Chelydridae by R. L. Carroll in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21636995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21636995" title="Protochelydra">
Protochelydra

Protochelydra is an extinct genus of Chelydridae.

</doc>
<doc id="21637020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637020" title="Luke Strong">
Luke Strong

Luke Strong is a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street". Portrayed by actor Craig Kelly, the character appeared throughout 2009. Luke took over Carla Gordon's share of the Underworld factory with Tony Gordon. He knew Carla's deceased husband, Paul Connor.
Creation.
Background.
Information about the character first surfaced at the end of 2008 when it was revealed he had been created as a new boss of the underworld factory, to replace character Carla Connor, while the actress went on maternity leave. Speaking of the character and plans for him a spokesperson for the soap opera said: "It looks like Tony may have met his match in Luke Strong. He’s a bit of a mystery man and Tony doesn't know what his motives are for buying into the business or how he knows Carla. Luke is certainly going to make things difficult for Mr Gordon." Later background information of the character was revealed and what links the character had to other character within the show. This was that Luke went to Secondary School with the character of Carla in September 1986 to June 1991. In his teenage years he romanced her and they became good friends and he became friends with Carla's boyfriend and future husband Paul. Luke then lost contact with Carla after she and Paul married in 1999 and started to run his own business.
In episode 7084, which aired on Monday, 25 May, Michelle quizzed Luke as to the identity of a woman in a photo in his flat. Luke revealed that she was an ex-girlfriend of two years called Honour who died in a motorbike accident in Greece while on holiday with her friends. He went on to add that he wasn't sure whether to put the photo of her up when he moved in, but accepted that although she's gone, she's "still a part of who he is".
Casting.
For the part of Luke Strong, no auditions were held. Instead actor Craig Kelly was offered the role. Kelly himself revealed during an interview how the part came about saying: "It literally started with a phone call from the producers and it went from there. If any other soap had called, I'd have probably said 'no'. Because it was Corrie and the breakdown of the character was so fantastic, I just thought to myself 'why not?!' I met the team and was offered the part. I instinctively knew that this was for me. Even though it's a big step and a change of direction for me, it's still acting and I'm still getting paid for what I love doing. It's all exciting and quite surreal, especially when you walk onto the Street for the first time. I've never played a character that's as similar to me as Luke is, before. I've only really ever played psychotic transsexuals or gay men that are like door mats. They've been very varied character roles and it's rare that such a fun role as Luke comes up, such a pity he lacks the sociopathic qualities I enjoy." At the time he was also asked if the character already had certain traits, with Kelly saying: "They started to write for me after the casting, so that's the exciting thing - if I choose to give him some quirks or a tick, the writers will work with that." Of first scenes he said: "Within my first two weeks, I was given 19 scenes, but by the end of it, I realised that on screen, it'll probably be about seven days of Luke's life. You've got to be patient when you're trying to build a character in soap - it's tiny, tiny steps."
On 18 June 2009, it was announced actor Craig Kelly would quit his role, after less than a year. He then departed the show in October 2009.
Development.
Personality and identity.
Of his character actor Craig Kelly said during an interview with media website "Digital Spy": "Luke is a likeable character who's got ambition and has achieved success through his wit, charm and instinct. He dresses well and likes a laugh and a flirt with the girls, but can handle himself well. He's not a guy who wants to go to war with someone, but if push comes to shove, he'll have it. Really, he just wants to do well in his life. He sees his sexualtiy as a bit of an adventure. I like to call him a well-rounded entrepreneur who has his thumbs in a lot of different pies." Going on to add: "He has a great, infectious energy - so much so that I did say to Kim Crowther 'you're not going to turn him into a psycho, are you?' She said 'no', so I was pleased! Sometimes in soap, characters can be too good to be true, so I think it's time for a hero to waltz in and give the bad guy a run for his money." 
In a later interview with the website he said: "He's an opportunist. He's a bit of a dark horse... But I think he's going to start to open up a bit more now and show his cheekier side."
Storylines.
Luke arrives in Weatherfield on 20 February 2009 replacing Carla (Alison King) as the Manager of "Underworld". He initially infuriates Tony (Gray O'Brien) after refusing to say where Carla was claiming that all he had told her was that the business needed running. He makes friends with Tom Kerrigan (Philip McGinley) and Maria Connor (Samia Smith) after hearing the story about Liam's (Rob James-Collier) death. After hearing about their business 'LadRags' he expresses an interest in buying it from them for £50,000 each. Tom and Maria, however, state that they need more time to consider the matter.
On 30 March 2009, Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) accidentally drops a lit cigarette while drunk and falls asleep as his flat began to catch fire, Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) receives a call from Peter's six year old son Simon (Alexander Bain) telling her that the flat is on fire. She runs out of the house and tells Luke and Tony as they rush into the house and call an ambulance. Luke gets Simon out while saying he should get Simon's pet rabbit out but Tony keeps repeating that he should leave it. In the end Tony gets Peter out, while Luke goes back in to rescue the rabbit.
Luke goes on have a brief fling with Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh) before she leaves to go on tour with her band. He then turns his attentions to "Underworld" P.A. Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan) when she receives a windfall of £150,000 from John Stape (Graeme Hawley). He seduces her and afterwards convinces her to invest in a 9% share of the factory much to her delight. Upon Michelle's return to the Street, Luke's head is once again turned as he dumps Rosie for Michelle. However, he soon gives into Rosie's charms again as the pair sleep together. Rosie tricks Luke, when she takes his phone and texts Michelle pretending to be Luke. Michelle is disgusted when she comes to Luke's apartment only to see Rosie there. Michelle storms out, quickly followed by Rosie, telling Luke that he is dumped.
In October 2009, Luke receives a call from Carla to say that she is coming back to reclaim her shares. Knowing that he has no options left, he quickly turns to Rosie- and her money. He lies to her saying that he wants to invest in another company, and that he would like if she bought his shares in "Underworld" (that were in fact Carla's all along) for £90,000. The idea of being a majority shareholder in the factory is very appealing for Rosie as she falls for Luke's deceit. She agrees, and transfers the money into Luke's bank account on 19 October 2009, meanwhile, Luke makes his getaway as he drives out of Weatherfield, destined for Rio de Janeiro. It is too late for Rosie before she realises that she has been conned, as the bank inform her that it is too late to stop the transfer.
Reception.
Actor Craig Kelly stated that his main fanbase is women in their 70s and 80s, commenting, "Its my fetish. I have a very dedicated fan called Elsie, who is 91." Upon the announcement that Craig Kelly was to quit his role, Kris Green of "Digitalspy" said that the character's departure was the most frustrating news of the week, noted him as one of the most promising characters from the show in years, noted Craig Kelly's 'amazing' performance, but that he was quite disappointed that time had been invested in a character that was essentially built up as the key alpha male of the Street.

</doc>
<doc id="21637043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637043" title="Circles (Joe Satriani song)">
Circles (Joe Satriani song)

"Circles" is a song by the American guitarist Joe Satriani, featured on his 1987 album "Surfing with the Alien". This song is often cited as one of the fans' favorite songs from the album.
The piece starts with a mellow melody featuring undershot harmonics played in double stop. At 1:00 the song quickly shift to a rock solo featuring a phrasing using tapping, legatos and blues licks.

</doc>
<doc id="21637069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637069" title="Syston and Peterborough Railway">
Syston and Peterborough Railway

The Syston and Peterborough Railway was an early railway in England opened between 1845 and 1848 to form a branch from the Midland Counties Railway at Syston just north of Leicester to Peterborough.
Origins.
Most new railways, particularly those of the Midland, were built for transporting coal, and so could show a quick return on investment. A line from Leicester to Peterborough had been floated as an independent scheme which might not have progressed, even though there had been a famine of coal in the area. At Stamford for instance it had risen to forty shillings a ton. However because of the railway politics of the time, it was supported by George Hudson who was involved with the Midland Counties Railway which, was in the process of merging into the new Midland Railway.
The Midland at that time was the main line from London to the North East of England, via Derby, Leeds and York. The Midland adopted the line ‑ along with the Nottingham to Lincoln Line ‑ as part of urgent moves to hinder the expansion of the Northern and Eastern Railway northwards from London to York.
Preparation.
The route was surveyed in 1844, and plans lodged with the various county offices in 30 November. The engineers for the line were George Stephenson and Charles Liddell. The surveyor was J.G. Binns. The cost estimate was £7000,000, or £15,000 a mile. 
Even before the Act was passed there were problems where the line approached the estate of the Earl of Harborough. The original plan was to follow the course of the Wreake through Stapleford Park. Not only did the Earl refuse to sell the land, he put up notices forbidding the surveyors entry to the Park. A group of surveyors, walking along the towpath of the Oakham Canal, were confronted by Lord Harborough's men and ordered to return to where they had come from. Since it was a public right of way, the surveyors refused, whereupon they were arrested and put in a cart, presumably to be taken before a magistrate. They were stopped by a policeman who pointed out that the surveyors were in the right, so they were simply tipped out into the road.
In what became known as the "Battle of Saxby", the Midland Railway men returned with reinforcements, to meet a similarly enlarged force of estate workers. The railwaymen were chased away but returned two days later, early in the morning, to find Harborough's men waiting for them once more. The mayhem came to the attention of the authorities, who imprisoned some of the Midland men and fined some estate workers for damage to surveying equipment.
In spite of his Lordship's opposition, however, the Syston and Peterborough Railway Act was passed on 30 June 1845.
Construction.
From the junction at Syston, the line went first north-eastwards towards Asfordby then swung to the east to Melton Mowbray along the valley of the Wreake then along the River Eye. It was at this point, where the intention was to travel south towards Oakham, that the line encountered Stapleford Park.
The law was now firmly on the Midland side, but Lord Harborough continued his opposition. Even though the Act included an amendment which would take them further away, there was another brawl which resulted in him driving his carriage full tilt into the railwaymen,
This amendment included a tunnel under the Cuckoo plantation, his Lordship's favourite part of the park. Unfortunately it collapsed during construction, and most of the spinney fell into it. The Earl was furious and a further Act of Parliament in 1847 arranged for yet another deviation.
From Oakham, the line skirted the Vale of Catmose (part of which was later flooded to form Rutland Water). It then turned eastwards along the River Chater. At Luffenham it was joined by the Rugby and Stamford Railway which the LNWR was building at the same time and had been granted running rights into Stamford.
From Stamford it then curved southwards to meet the Eastern Counties Railway at Peterborough. While most of the line opened in 1846, the problems at Stapleford Park delayed this section for another two years.
Later history.
By 1879 the Midland's main line through Leicester was becoming overcrowded. From London as far as Kettering the line was quadrupled, but northwards the Midland took the opportunity of diverting through Manton to give both Oakham and Melton Mowbray a direct London service, proceeding thence to Nottingham by what became known as the "Melton Line".
The curve around Stapleford Park was a nuisance for the express trains and, in 1880 when the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway built a branch from Bourne in Lincolnshire to Saxby, the opportunity was taken to reduce the curve with Saxby station being moved in the process. Lord Harborough had died in the meantime and the estate had been bought by Lord Gretton of Burton upon Trent, who was more sympathetic to the railway. The Midland had, after all, made his fortune by taking his beer all over the country and, indeed, his son was later to build the Stapleford Miniature Railway within the park.
In 1882 the Midland built a branch line from Ashwell to Cottesmore to service iron ore extraction with an exchange sidings. This is now the site of the Rutland Railway Museum. Of note also are the stations at Helpston and Walton. When the GNR built its line north from Peterborough to Grantham in 1853, it ran next to the Midland line but, in return for the latter's transport of materials, agreed not to build competing stations.
Although most of the branches are gone, or at least no longer support regular passenger services, the Syston and Peterborough Railway is still in daily use as part of the Birmingham to Peterborough Line
The advent of Google Earth has meant that what is still known as "Lord Harborough's Curve", as well as the trackbed of the M&GNR branch, at Saxby can clearly be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="21637158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637158" title="Phyllospadix">
Phyllospadix

Phyllospadix is a genus of seagrass or surfgrass, a flowering plant in the family Zosteraceae, comprising 6 species. "Phyllospadix" grows in marine waters along the coasts of the temperate North Pacific.
Species.
The species currently recognised are:

</doc>
<doc id="21637166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637166" title="Enhalus">
Enhalus

Enhalus is a monotypic genus of marine flowering plants. "Enhalus" is large seagrass native to coastal waters of the tropical Indian and Western Pacific Oceans. The strap-shaped leaves arise directly from the rhizomes and can reach 1 m in length. "Enhalus" is surface pollinated with male flowers that detach from the plant to float on the surface until they reach a female flower where pollination can occur.

</doc>
<doc id="21637167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637167" title="Thalassia (genus)">
Thalassia (genus)

Thalassia is a marine seagrass genus comprising 2 species.

</doc>
<doc id="21637224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637224" title="Vaddukoddai Electoral District">
Vaddukoddai Electoral District

Vaddukoddai Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the town of Vaddukoddai in Jaffna District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Vaddukoddai electoral district was replaced by the Jaffna multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Vaddukoddai continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
T. Thirunavukarasu died on 1 August 1982. His replacement Neelan Tiruchelvam was sworn in on 8 March 1983.
Neelan Tiruchelvam and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Tiruchelvam forfeited his seat in Parliament on 22 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21637255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637255" title="Irena Fleissnerová">
Irena Fleissnerová

Irena Fleissnerová (born November 25, 1958 in Plzeň) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic, who won two gold medals at the 1979 Summer Universiade in Mexico City, Mexico. She represented Czechoslovakia at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21637256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637256" title="Sestroretsk spur line">
Sestroretsk spur line

The Sestroretsk spur line was laid by request of the Russian Ministry of Defence for communication of the Sestroretsk armory with the strategic Riihimäki-Saint Petersburg railroad in 1871. The line was opened on 2 November 1871, when the first train proceeded on the route from Beloostrov to Sestroretsk.
Timetable.
In 1872 the schedule of trains of the Sestroretsk branch was published in the city directory. From Beloostrov went three pairs trains: in the morning, in the afternoon and in the evening. The time taken for the 6.6 kilometre journey was 25 minutes, giving an average speed of less than 16 kilometres per hour.
Miller's line.
A study in 1872 had shown the line was unprofitable and in 1873 the administration decided to close it. These plans became known to entrepreneurs in Sestroretsk and they bought the line from Finnish railways. The new line was the private "Societies of the Sestroretsk railway" and was named Miller's line after Michael Ivanovich Miller. Miller's line was not fully independent, as the rolling stock was rented from Finnish railways.

</doc>
<doc id="21637258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637258" title="Megawhaitsia">
Megawhaitsia

Megawhaitsia is an extinct genus of large therapsid, potentially a therocephalian. It lived in the Late Permian in East Russia, and is known only by a maxilla, with a skull estimated to be 40–50 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="21637288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637288" title="Millers Ferry, Alabama">
Millers Ferry, Alabama

Millers Ferry is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. The Millers Ferry Lock and Dam is located near the community on the Alabama River.
Geography.
Millers Ferry is located at and its elevation is .
Tornadoes.
On March 1, 2007, Millers Ferry was struck by a deadly tornado. One person was killed, 2 injured, and over 70 houses were damaged or destroyed. The tornado caused well over $2 million in damage.

</doc>
<doc id="21637392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637392" title="Adam Wade">
Adam Wade

Adam Wade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21637400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637400" title="1976 American Airlines Tennis Games – Doubles">
1976 American Airlines Tennis Games – Doubles

Colin Dibley and Sandy Mayer won in the final 6–4, 6–7, 7–6 against Raymond Moore and Erik van Dillen.

</doc>
<doc id="21637471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637471" title="Missouri River Runner">
Missouri River Runner

The Missouri River Runner is a passenger train route operated by Amtrak running between Gateway Multimodal Transportation Center in St. Louis and Kansas City Union Station in Kansas City, Missouri. Four trains operate daily (two round trips) on this route: 311 and 313 westbound, and 314 and 316 eastbound.
History.
The Missouri River Runner route was formerly operated as part of the "Missouri Service" train network, which included the "Ann Rutledge", "Kansas City Mule", and the "St. Louis Mule".
The new route name was announced in January 2009 as part of the “Name The Train” contest held by the Missouri Department of Transportation. The winning name was submitted by Keith Kohler of Glendale, Missouri. Service between St. Louis and Kansas City is financed primarily through funds made available by the Missouri Department of Transportation.
In November 2009, Amtrak and Union Pacific completed an $8.1 million siding near California, Missouri, designed to improve performance along the route. The siding, funded by the state of Missouri and the Federal Railway Administration, was credited with helping improve Amtrak's on-time performance. Due to these improvements, on time performance has increased from less than 70% to 95%.
During fiscal year 2012, the service carried a total of 192,077 passengers, a 1.8% increase from FY 2011's total of 186,554 passengers. The trains had a total revenue of $4,763,442 during FY 2011, an increase of 16.9% from FY 2010's total of $4,073,303.
As of October 1, 2013, provisions of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 prohibit Amtrak from using its federal operating grant to share the cost of the Missouri River Runner route; the 2008 act prohibits cost-sharing on any route shorter than .
Equipment used.
The "Missouri River Runner" consists of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21637508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637508" title="Angelika Knipping">
Angelika Knipping

Angelika Knipping (born January 7, 1961 in Hagen, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Germany, who won a gold medal at the 1981 Summer Universiade in Bucharest. She represented West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21637520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637520" title="List of reporters for ITV News">
List of reporters for ITV News

This is a list of journalists currently employed by ITN for ITV News.

</doc>
<doc id="21637542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637542" title="Rizzani de Eccher">
Rizzani de Eccher

Rizzani de Eccher S.p.A. () is a private Italian general contractor with headquarters in Pozzuolo del Friuli near Udine in northeastern Italy. It is a general contractor on projects such as motorways and bridges, commercial and residential buildings.
The company has 1,666 employees and revenues of 424 million Euros in 2012.
History.
Rizzani was established in Udine, Italy in 1831. Over the following century, Rizzani developed its presence in Italy and ventured in several countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
In 1948 Riccardo De Eccher established the company bearing his name in the northern Italian region of Trentino Alto Adige engaging in real estate development.
In 1970 Rizzani and De Eccher combining a wealth of experience, technical know-how and track record. Ten years later, the construction of two segments of the Carnia-Tarvisio motorway marked the acquisition and mastering of high-end technologies for prefabrication and launching of overhead bridges. These technologies will be constantly developed over the successive years and finally consolidated into DEAL s.r.l., a group affiliate specialized in advanced bridge construction technologies. In 1982 the first important overseas project of Rizzani De Eccher was acquired - five schools in Algeria. In 1984 five landmark projects were acquired in what was then the Soviet Union, becoming the first registered Western contractor in the Soviet Union, and marking the beginning of a successful expansion in Russia. The following years were marked by a swift growth. The Group’s consolidated revenues grew from 37 billion lira in 1986 to 228 billion lira in 1990.
In 1994 the difficult conditions in the domestic infrastructure market in the mid-90s - partly caused by the high profile antigraft ‘Mani pulite’ campaign - shift the Company’s focus towards overseas markets. In 2004 Rizzani de Eccher first appeared in the top ten Italian contractors and in the world’s 100 largest contractors rankings compiled by Engineering News-Record. By 2005, through its established presence in many countries (Russia andother CIS countries, Middle East, Mediterranean Basin and North and Central America), the share of overseas revenues tops 70%. Today, the Group is one of the world’s premier construction businesses and a market leader in its field. It operates in four areas of activity, where it consistently demonstrates its expertise and flair for innovation as a contractor for: general building, infrastructure development, equipment manufacturing and specialised engineering solutions for bridges and viaducts and real estate development.
Thanks to its consolidated position in several countries (such as Russia and other CIS countries, the Middle East, East Asia, North and Central America as well as Africa) the Group’s share of turnover from overseas operations has always been above 70% since 2005. 
the Group is operate in the construction sector in four distinct areas:

</doc>
<doc id="21637550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637550" title="List of Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! episodes (2000)">
List of Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! episodes (2000)

This is a list of "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" guests for 2000. Data is taken from the Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Archives. Job titles reflect the position of individuals at the time of the appearance.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21637577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637577" title="Eldbjørg Hemsing">
Eldbjørg Hemsing

Eldbjørg Hemsing (born in 1990) is a Norwegian violinist. She won First Prize in the Sparre Olsen Competition in 1999, First Prize in the 2000 Norwegian Youth String Competition and First Prize in the Norwegian Youth String Competition and the Sparre Olsen Competition in 2000 and second prize in the 2001 Kocian International Violin Competition.
References.
Eldbjørg Hemsing [http://www.naishartists.com] is regarded as one of Norway’s most promising young artists, captivating audiences and critics alike with her performances and prompting "Aftenposten" in Norway to describe a performance of Bach’s " Chaconne" as being performed "‘with extraordinary musical authority and intensity’".
Eldbjørg has already performed with many of Norway’s leading orchestras including the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra with Josep Caballe-Domenech, the Stavanger Symphony Orchestra with Alan Buribayev, the Norwegian Radio Orchestra with Peter Szilvay and the Oslo Camerata. Abroad she has appeared with the Norrköping Symphony Orchestra/Alan Buribayev, Zurich Chamber Orchestra, the Vienna Symphony Orchestra, the Jyvaskyla Sinfonia in Finland, the Czech Chamber Orchestra of Pardubice, the Ashland Symphony Orchestra in the USA, as well as making several appearances with the Ukrainian National Philharmonic Orchestra.
Future engagements will include her debut with the Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra, an eight date Spanish tour with the Oslo Camerata, concerts with the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra a tour of Norway with the newly formed North of Norway Symphony Orchestra and performances with the Trondheim Soloists and the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra in the Far East. Eldbjørg is also in demand as a festival artist with appearances in recent years at the Bergen International Festival, the Oslo Chamber Music Festival, the Bad Kissingen Festival in Germany, Nordlys Festival in Tromsø, and the Elverum Festival amongst others. 
As a recitalist Eldbjørg has appeared at the Wigmore Hall, the Verbier Festival, at the Stavanger Chamber Music Festival and at AlpenKlassik in Germany. In 2008 she opened the Bergen International Festival, performed Bach with Bobby McFerrin and Arve Tellefsen at the Olavsfestdagene Festival in Trondheim and gave a series of concerts at the Oslo Chamber Music Festival.
Eldbjørg has received many national and international prizes, and is continually praised for her ability to connect with the audience. In 2006 she won ’Musician of the Year’ in Norway’s Young Musician Competition, and that same year was awarded the Audience Prize at the Verbier Festival. Eldbjørg won 1st Prize and Audience Prize in the Virtuos Competition in Norway and subsequently represented Norway in the ’Young Musicians 2008’ final in Vienna, where she was a prize winner and received the audience prize after receiving the most votes from viewers in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. She is the current recipient of the Norwegian Radio Orchestra’s prize for Promising Young Artists. 
Eldbjørg is a versatile musician, equally at home performing folk music on the Hardanger Fiddle as classical music. She often performs in chamber groups with such artists as Håvard Gimse and Patrick Gallois, and has appeared at the Verbier Academy and Seiji Ozawa’s Academy in Switzerland. She also performs in a duo partnership with her sister Ragnhild. Eldbjørg is also well known in Norway through her radio and television appearances and has performed during State visits for the King of Norway.
Eldbjørg was born in Valdres in Norway in 1990 and started to play the violin at the age of five. At the age of seven she was accepted into the prestigious Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo where she received lessons from Alf Richard Kraggerud and Stephan Barratt-Due. She is currently taking lessons in Vienna from Prof. Boris Kuschnir.
Eldbjørg is also very interested in fashion and has worked closely with several Norwegian designers. Her latest collaboration is with the young Norwegian designer, Nina Skarra, on some concert dresses.
Eldbjørg plays a GB Guadagnini violin from 1754 kindly on loan from the Dextra Musica Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21637585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637585" title="Sergey Sevostianov">
Sergey Sevostianov

 
 
 
 
Sergey Sevostianov is a blind Paralympian athlete from Russia competing in pentathlon and jumping events 
He competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P10 event, a silver medal in the men's Long jump - F10 event and went out in the first round of the men's 100 metres - T10 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P11 event, finished tenth in the men's Long jump - F11 event and finished fourth in the men's Triple jump - F11 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Long jump - F11 event and a bronze medal in the men's Triple jump - F11 event
He holds the pentathlon world record for P11 classified athletes, set at the Sydney Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21637624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637624" title="Vernam Field">
Vernam Field

Vernam Field (locally spelled Vernamfield) is a former World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield located in Clarendon Parish, west-southwest of Kingston, Jamaica. The airfield was renamed Vernam Air Force Base by the newly formed United States Air Force in 1948, but was closed in 1949.
History.
The base was named in honor of First Lieutenant Remington de Bremont Vernam (March 24, 1896 - December 1, 1918) an American pilot who entered the French air service during World War I. Vernam was shot down behind German lines on October 30, 1918. After the Armistice he was found by American forces in a hospital in Longwey, France, with another wounded aviator, Lt. Arthur C. Dineen. Vernam died of his wounds on December 1. He is buried in the American cemetery at St. Mihiel in Thiaucourt, France andwas posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (United States).
World War II.
The airfield has its origin in the 1940 Destroyers for Bases Agreement between Great Britain and the United States. For material support in the allied war effort, Britain agreed to lease as potential naval and air bases to the United States at several locations in the Americas. 
The development of Vernam Field was viewed initially by the Army Air Corps as a staging field for training and for the operations of Borinquen Field, Puerto Rico. It was given its designation on 14 June 1941, and a force of 200 officers and enlisted men (known as "Force Tuna") embarked from New York and arrived on 17 November as a survey party to establish the airfield. 
The design of the airfield was upgraded to that of a bomber airfield, and consisted of three runways: a 6000-foot concrete runway and two shorter asphalt runways to accommodate crosswind landings. When officially activated on 21 November 1941, the station was assigned to the 24th Composite Wing, Sixth Air Force, which controlled (in addition to this base) Atkinson, Beane, Coolidge, Ramey and Waller Fields in the Antilles Air Command. Constructions of airfield runways and a support station was ongoing throughout 1942, and the first operational unit did not arrive until September.
With the United States entry into the war in December, the primary mission of Vernam Field was antisubmarine patrols in the Northern Caribbean. In addition, the Florida-based Army Air Forces School of Applied Tactics would send student groups to Vernam for advanced base operations training in combat tactics, returning to Florida after completion. By 1944, the airfield had fallen into "backwater" status, as the anti-submarine war in the Caribbean had moved much further south towards South America and Panama. After the departure of the 35th Bomb Squadron, the remaining units assigned to the field were a detachment of the 10588th Ordnance Company and the 305th Signal Company, along with a medical detachment. On 30 June 1944, Eleanor Roosevelt visited the station. 
In early 1945, Vernam Field became the destination for many B-29 Superfortress aircraft from Second Air Force training flights originating from training bases in Kansas and Nebraska (approximately 2,000 miles distant). The B-29s would fly on cross-country training flights to Vernam and land at the airfield for refueling and maintenance before returning to the Midwest. It was, unfortunately, the site of several B-29 crashes.
Postwar use.
With the end of the war, Vernam Field was reduced in scope to a skeleton staff. By the end of 1946 only two aircraft, a C-45 and a C-47 were assigned to the station with both aircraft being down for parts and minimal maintenance being undertaken. It was placed under the command of the 24th Composite Wing, Headquartered at Borinquen AFB, Puerto Rico. The airfield became a training destination for early jet aircraft cross country flights, with P-80 Shooting Stars, F-84 Thunderjets and early F-86A Sabres using its long wartime bomber runways.
The airfield was redesignated Vernam Air Force Base on March 26, 1948, by Department of the Air Force General Order Number 10. The mission of the base was primarily weather reporting, with a detachment of the Military Air Transport Service (MATS) 6th Weather Squadron (Regional) being the primary unit on the base. It also became a destination for long-range Strategic Air Command fighter escort aircraft, with F-82 Twin Mustangs flying to Vernam from Kearney AFB, Nebraska then returning on cross-country training flights. President Harry S. Truman visited Vernam AFB on 30 June 1948 during a tour of the Caribbean. 
Vernam AFB closed on 28 May 1949 due to budgetary cutbacks. After closure, the base was essentially abandoned and all structures were removed or torn down. The facility has been derelict for decades. The only use of the former airfield area has been an automobile racetrack known as Vernamfield which uses some of the old runways and taxiways.
Current development plans.
During the 2000s (decade), the Government of Jamaica made several proposals to develop Vernam Field as the island's fourth international airport. In September 2008 it was announced that as part of this development Jamaica's military, the Jamaica Defence Force (JDF), was to be moved to Vernam Field from its historic city centre site at Up Park Camp in Kingston. By June 2009 the JDF had secured the site and it was reported that the Vernam Airfield Development Project was to build an initial 10,000-11,000 foot runway and adjoining taxi ways capable of handling the largest contemporary aircraft including the Antonov An-124, Antonov An-225 and the Airbus A380.

</doc>
<doc id="21637633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637633" title="Feather moss">
Feather moss

Feather moss is a term applied to a number of moss species, many within the family Hypnaceae. Feather moss is a term applied to a moss species growing in a Boreal forest with the appearance of frond or feather like foliage. Alternatively the term Boreal forest moss is sometimes applied. The technical literature is inconsistent regarding taxonomic associations with the term "feather moss". In some cases, feather moss is simply applied to the genus "Ptilium".
Ecology.
"Feathermoss" is a term used in classifying and describing certain boreal forests. an example of this occurrence is within the Black Spruce/Feathermoss climax forest, often having moderately dense canopy and featuring a forest floor of feathermosses including "Hylocomium splendens", "Pleurozium schreberi" and "Ptilium crista-castrensis".

</doc>
<doc id="21637644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637644" title="Fabbro">
Fabbro

Fabbro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21637661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637661" title="Brian Fairlie">
Brian Fairlie

Brian Fairlie, born 13 June 1948 in Christchurch, is a retired tennis player from New Zealand. During his career from 1968 to 1979 he won four titles in doubles, all with the Egyptian player Ismail El Shafei, and ten singles titles in the Open era (and at least two more in 1967).
Playing career.
Juniors.
Fairlie was the 1967 Boys' Singles champion of the Australian Championships.
Professional.
The 5' 8" player's best Grand Slam result was reaching the Men's Doubles semi-finals at the French Open in 1971 with partner Frew McMillan. A year earlier, he reached the singles quarter-finals of the U.S. Open before losing to Tony Roche.
Whilst his highest ATP singles ranking was World No. 24 (in September 1973), Fairlie was ranked inside the world's Top 20 in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
In 1969, his first full year on the circuit, he upset former Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion John Newcombe in the quarterfinals of the Heineken Open in Auckland. It was the year "Auckland Tennis went 'open'," attracting star players such as Newcombe and his countryman, top-ranked Rod Laver. The tournament's website describes the atmosphere at the event that year: "There was wild excitement in a packed stadium when Kiwi Brian Fairlie pulled off an upset win over Newcombe in five hard-fought sets. When he went on to face Laver, the gates had to be closed against the huge crowds wanting to get in." In both 1975 and 1976 Fairlie reached the finals of that tournament, losing on both occasions to fellow New Zealander and Davis Cup doubles partner Onny Parun.
In 1976 Fairlie played in an Australian Open match notable for having the 13th oldest combined age in Grand Slam history. His age and that of his opponent, Hall of Fame player Frank Sedgman, averaged 37 years, 10 months, and 9 days.
In winning the second of his two singles titles (in Manila, Philippines, in 1976), he lost only one set during the entire tournament.
Davis Cup.
From 1966 through 1979 he played in 48 Davis Cup matches for New Zealand, winning 13 in singles and 7 in doubles.
Team Tennis.
In 1974, the inaugural year of World Team Tennis, he became a member of the Philadelphia Freedoms, a team that also included future Tennis Hall of Famers Fred Stolle and Billie Jean King. With King as player-coach, the team posted the new league's best record, 39-5.

</doc>
<doc id="21637675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637675" title="Satya Harishchandra (1965 Telugu film)">
Satya Harishchandra (1965 Telugu film)

Satya Harishchandra (Telugu: సత్య హరిశ్చంద్ర) is a Telugu mythological film, based on the story of Raja Harishchandra who was renowned for upholding truth under any circumstance. Mahatma Gandhi's life was very much influenced by Raja Satya Harishchandra stories. The movie was basically a story of social justice at the hands of a righteous king.
The songs of Ghantasala and S.Varalakshmi are ever remembered by the audience.
Cast.
N. T. Rama Rao—Harishchandra <br>
S. Varalakshmi—Chandramathi<br>
Relangi Venkata Ramaiah -- <br>
Rajanala -- <br>
Pandari Bai -- <br>
Gummadi -- <br>
Chittor V. Nagaiah—Maharshi Vasista <br>
Mukkamala—Maharshi Viswamitra <br>
Mikkilineni—Indra
Soundtrack.
This film has 22 songs and poems penned by Pingali Nagendra Rao and music composed by Pendyala Nageswara Rao.

</doc>
<doc id="21637681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637681" title="Kavita Kaushik">
Kavita Kaushik

Kavita Kaushik (Hindi: कविता कौशिक Punjabi Language: ਕਵੀਤਾ ਕੌਸ਼ਿਕ "Kavitā Kauśika"; born 15 February 1981 is an Indian actress. She is best known for playing Chandramukhi Chautala on SAB TV sitcom "F.I.R." for which she has won 50 awards thus far (June 2014). She has won the Indian Telly Award for "Best Actor In A Comic Role (Female)". She is also considered one of the leading ladies of Indian Television.
Early Life & Background.
Kaushik was born in a middle-class family from New Delhi. She is the daughter of Dinesh Chandra Kaushik, a former CRPF officer. Before acting, Kaushik was into modeling, hosting events and anchoring during her college days. In 2001 she appeared in auditions in the capital city for "Kutumb" and moved to Mumbai.
Career.
After her work in the soap opera, "Kutumb", audiences saw Kavita Kaushik in "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii", portraying the role of Manya Doshi. She then portrayed the character of Naina, the wife of Rahul Wadhwa, in the afternoon daily "Kumkum", then a `tapori` girl who comes into the life of trio Nitin, Raghu and Akki after the exit of Ram from this show. In another popular TV series, "Remix", she played Pallavi (a lawyer who wants to marry Sumeet Ahuja). She also appeared in a brief role in the serial "Tumhari Disha"., and fans got to see her in the popular "C.I.D." as Sub Inspector Anushka.
In addition to her various television roles, Kaushik has played minor roles in films like "Phillum City" and "Mumbai Cutting". She has even performed to an item song, "Shakila Bano", in Apoorva Lakhia's "Zanjeer (2013)".
Kavita Kaushik as Chandramukhi Chautala in F.I.R. (2006 – present).
The tall and outstandingly gorgeous actress got her biggest break playing the role of a Haryanvi police inspector in SAB TV's comic crime caper, "F.I.R". Audiences loved Kaushik as the lead character Chandramukhi Chautala - a cop who possesses a somewhat manly nature and bossy attitude towards her colleagues, and always keeps her subordinates in check. Kaushik's portrayal as the angry young supercop has led to fame and many accolades. In addition to providing Kaushik with critical acclaim for her acting talent, this role has led her to become one of the leading ladies of Indian Television.
After completing 886 episodes, Kaushik left the show to try something new. However, Chandramukhi Chautala has always been a fan favourite and the channel had no choice but to bring her back. As of 8 July 2013, Kaushik has returned as the fiery and lovable policewali. The show is so popular that is has even crossed the 1000 episode mark on 5 September 2013.
Tota Weds Maina (January - April 2013).
Audiences got a chance to see Kaushik in a new role during her time away from "F.I.R". She played the fun-loving and adorable Maina in SAB TV's new show, "Tota Weds Maina". This was another lead role for Kaushik, in which she was paired opposite actor Gaurav Gera. The story focused on Tota (Gera) and Maina (Kaushik), and the situations that ensued when they mistakenly get married to one another. Although fans did love the characters' simplicity and comic timing, Tota Weds Maina did not get the ratings it deserved and the channel was forced to end the show. It was after the plug was pulled on the show that Kaushik returned to F.I.R.
Bollywood Debut.
Although she is more of a television personality, Kaushik is all set to debut in an upcoming Bollywood film titled "Lollipop Since 1947". The film, which is being directed by Anirudh Chautala, is a political satire set in a lower middle class household where Kaushik plays wife to actor Deepak Dobriyal. Shooting for the film is currently taking place, and the release date has not been mentioned as yet.
Filmography.
Release dates 
24 January 2014 Jai Ho Flim

</doc>
<doc id="21637701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637701" title="Matthew Kay">
Matthew Kay

Matthew Kay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21637756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637756" title="Evanescent (dermatology)">
Evanescent (dermatology)

Evanescent skin lesions, like wheals, are those that last for less than 24 hours before resolving.

</doc>
<doc id="21637805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637805" title="Mandu">
Mandu

Mandu may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21637819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637819" title="Vavuniya Electoral District">
Vavuniya Electoral District

Vavuniya Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the town of Vavuniya in Vavuniya District, Northern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Vavuniya electoral district was replaced by the Vanni multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Vavuniya continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
T. Sivasithamparam and all other TULF MPs boycotted Parliament from the middle of 1983 for a number of reasons: they were under pressure from Sri Lankan Tamil militants not to stay in Parliament beyond their normal six-year term; the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka required them to swear an oath unconditionally renouncing support for a separate state; and the Black July riots in which up to 3,000 Tamils were murdered by Sinhalese mobs. After three months of absence, Sivasithamparam forfeited his seat in Parliament on 5 October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21637827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637827" title="Nareh Arghamanyan">
Nareh Arghamanyan

Biography.
"“Elegance, humour, deliciously burbling trills and fiery imagination. This introduced me to a major, major, major talent. … Pianists don’t come any better than Nareh Arghamanyan. Another potential superstar has arrived!”"
H. Goldsmith, Musical America and American Record Guide
In her early twenties Nareh Arghamanyan, winner of the 2008 Montreal International Music Competition, belongs to the promising young generation of today’s fine pianists.
She gets outstanding critics for her performances such as “La Scena Musicale” "“From the first chord on, it was clear that she was an artist to be reckoned with. She has a big technique, but her playing was not just about technique-it was also about playing the music. Her playing was as poetic and it was prodigious technically. Here we have a complete artist-at 19!" and "LeDevoir" "“Certains se demandent déjà si on ne dira pas un jour Nareh comme on dit Martha.”" 
The season 2009/10 saw Nareh Arghamanyan making an impressive New York debut at the Frick collection as well as at San Francisco Performances, resulting in a reinvitation to their “Young Master Series” in 2011. Further recitals include Miami, Detroit, Minneapolis, Kansas City, San Juan and Fresno. In concert she performed Saint-Saëns 5th concerto with the Winnipeg Symphony, the Saint-Saëns 2nd and Mozart double concerto with I Musici de Montreal, and the “Emperor” concerto with the McGill Chamber Orchestra. Nareh Arghamanyan has appeared with the Mont Blanc Symphony France, Moscow Chamber Orchestra, the Armenian Philharmonic, and the National Chamber Orchestra of Armenia. 
Further afield Nareh Arghamanyan will perform with the Orchestre Metropolitan under Yannick Nézet-Séguin, the Vienna Symphony at the Bregenz Festival 2011 under Xian Zhang as well as the Vancouver Symphony with James Gaffigan. Recital highlights include her debut at the Portland International Piano Series as well as the Singapore International Piano Festival.
This past summer, Nareh Arghamanyan attended the prestigious Marlboro Festival, where she will return in 2011, as well as at Tanglewood music festival, Domaine Forget Quebec, the Festival International de Lanaudière and at the Festspiele Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Nareh Arghamanyan has appeared at many festivals internationally including the Colmar Festival at the invitation of violinist Vladimir Spivakov, and a recital at Palais d’Athenée in Geneva. In 2006 she appeared on the Chamber Music San Francisco Music Series under the auspices of the Guzik Foundation, and in 2004 was soloist with the Mont Blanc Symphony France in the Grieg Piano Concerto. Recitals in 2003 brought Ms. Arghamanyan to New York, Los Angeles, Boston, and Washington DC, and in 2002, highlight engagements included those with the Moscow Chamber Orchestra, in Moscow, and with the National Chamber Orchestra of Armenia in Yerevan and Berlin
Most recently, the Analekta label released her recording of the Rachmaninov 2nd Sonata and Liszt B minor Sonata to great acclaim. La Scena Musicale wrote: "“Arghamanyan meets the daunting demands of these two ultra-Romantic pieces with a combination of technical bravura, singing tone, and poetic expression…the Liszt is particularly memorable.”"
Nareh Arghamanyan has won an impressive number of awards: she has been the 1st Prize recipient at the 2007 Piano Campus International Competition in Pontoise and took 2nd Prize at the 2007 Jose Roca International Competition in Valencia. In 2005 she won the Josef Dichler Piano Competition in Vienna, and the following year was awarded a scholarship from the Herbert von Karajan Foundation. Her first major recognition came at the Gina Bachauer International Junior Piano Competition in Salt Lake City 2000 where, at the age of 11, she was the 2nd Prize winner, predicted by critics to have “ a major international career” and praised for her virtuosity and sense of artistry.
Born in 1989 in Armenia, Nareh Arghamanyan began her piano studies at the age of five. Three years later, she entered the Tchaikovsky Music School for Talented Children in Yerevan, where she studied with Alexander Gurgenov. In 2004 she was the youngest student to be admitted to the University for Music and Performing Arts Vienna, where she studied with Heinz Medjimorec .
Nareh Arghamanyan is a concert artist presented by Konzertdirektion Schmid and Arts Management group.

</doc>
<doc id="21637871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637871" title="Montey Stevenson">
Montey Stevenson

Montey Stevenson (born April 8, 1985 in Cleburne, Texas) is a professional Canadian and Arena football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New Orleans VooDoo as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at North Texas.
Stevenson has also been a member of the Calgary Stampeders.
Professional career.
NFL.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, Stevenson attended a tryout camp for the Minnesota Vikings and a mini-camp with the New Orleans Saints.
New Orleans VooDoo.
Stevenson signed with the New Orleans VooDoo shortly after attending mini-camp with the Saints.
Calgary Stampeders.
On February 19, 2009, Stevenson was signed by the Calgary Stampeders.

</doc>
<doc id="21637876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637876" title="Niagara Science Museum">
Niagara Science Museum

The Niagara Science Museum is a science museum established in Niagara Falls, New York in 2009. The museum's mission is to demonstrate the history of scientific discovery through the preservation, restoration, and demonstration of the scientific instruments and technologies. The Niagara Science Museum houses a collection of over 2,000 scientific instruments and technologies dating from the 1700s to the present.
Overview.
The Niagara Science Museum was founded by Nick Dalacu, a physicist who amassed a personal collection of hundreds of historically significant instruments and technologies over four decades. The museum presents its collection in 'living laboratories' in the style of the wunderkammern, or cabinet of curiosity, of Renaissance Europe. Its dozen rooms include laboratories dedicated to high-voltage electronics and galvanometers, a large collection of microscopes and optics, meteorological instruments, communication and media technologies, hydraulics and vacuum technologies, medical technologies, computing history, and others. It also houses the Charlie Troutman Printing Press Room, a working letterpress studio using a 1914 Chandler & Price press. The museum is housed in the former Union Carbide building, built in 1910, and restored to house the museum's collection, and is currently powered by an array of solar cells on its roof.
The museum has offered public demonstrations of its collection, including as a part of Atlas Obscura's Obscura Day in 2010 and 2011, visits from regional schools, and has been invited to exhibit artifacts from its collection at the University at Buffalo and Buffalo State College. The museum is also open to the public for visits.
In 2010, the museum received a large donation of historically significant artifacts from the early days of electrical production.
In 2011, the Niagara Science Museum was certified as a not-for-profit educational corporation with a charter by the Board of Regents of the State University of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21637878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637878" title="Rayk Haucke">
Rayk Haucke

 
 
 
Rayk Haucke is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in category P11 pentathlon events. 
He competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P10 event and finished fourth in the men's Javelin throw - F10 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F11 event, a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P11 event and finished fourth in the men's 4 x 400 metre relay - T13 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he finished seventh in the men's Javelin throw - F11 event and went out in the first round of the men's 4 x 100 metre relay - T11-13 event

</doc>
<doc id="21637882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637882" title="Vojno camp">
Vojno camp

Vojno camp was a detention camp set up by the Croatian Defence Council (HVO) from June 1993 to March 1994, to detain tens of thousands of Bosniaks in the Mostar municipality. Bosniaks in the camp were subject to killings, mistreatment, rapes, detention and murders.
The camp.
Conditions at Vojno Camp were harsh and unhealthy, with overcrowding, insufficient food and water, poor ventilation, insufficient bedding and inadequate sanitation facilities.
The HVO physically and mentally abused Bosniak men detained at the Vojno Camp on a daily basis. Herceg-Bosna/HVO forces killed at least thirteen Bosniak men while they were detained at Vojno Camp and injured many others. The HVO forces routinely beat Bosniak men with fists, feet, rubber batons and various wooden objects. Bosniak men were subjected to electrical shocks, often forced to beat each other and otherwise abused and humiliated. Bosniak detainees were forced to witness the summary execution of other detainees. Detainees were often subjected to particularly severe mistreatment in retaliation for ABiH military successes.
Bosniak men detained at Vojno Camp, together with Bosniak men detained at the Heliodrom (who were often sent to Vojno Camp on a seven-day rotation) were used in forced labour in the Vojno area. The forced labour included building military fortifications, digging trenches, carrying ammunition to HVO soldiers, and retrieving killed and injured HVO soldiers, often along the confrontation line and in the midst of combat conditions. Bosniak men engaged in such labour were regularly exposed to mortar, sniper and other small arms fire, and at least thirty-nine Bosniak men were killed or wounded.
The HVO detained approximately fifty civilian Bosniak women and girls (together with their small children) at Vojno Camp, from approximately June to December 1993. The Bosniak women and others were held without any genuine or bona fide effort by the HVO to determine their status or distinguish military detainees from civilians. Neither did the HVO provide for the civilians’ release or transfer to a safe location.
HVO soldiers repeatedly raped and sexually assaulted approximately fifty civilian Bosniak women and girls detained at Vojno Camp. Such episodes of sexual assault were often preceded or accompanied by beatings or threats that non-compliance would result in the woman's child (or children) being killed.
Bosniak children detained at the Vojno Camp were regularly exposed to cruel treatment, hunger and separation from their mothers, resulting in physical suffering and trauma to these, some of the younger victims of the Herceg-Bosna/HVO persecution and cleansing.
Recent developments.
Marko Radić, Dragan Šunjić, Damir Brekalo and Mirko Vračević were found guilty of having participated, as members of the Croatian Defence Council in the killings, mistreatments, rapes, detention and murders of the detained Bosniaks. The court sentenced Marko Radić to 25 years in prison, Dragan Šunjić to 21 years, Damir Brekalo to 20 and Mirko Vračević to 14.
The highest-ranking surviving leaders Jadranko Prlić, Bruno Stojić, Slobodan Praljak, Milivoj Petković, Valentin Corić, Berislav Pušić were charged with crimes against humanity, grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions and violations of the laws of war.

</doc>
<doc id="21637901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637901" title="Chaetosphaeridium">
Chaetosphaeridium

Chaetosphaeridium is a genus of green algae. Although several classifications have been proposed, the bulk of the evidence supports its traditional classification in the order Coleochaetales, related to the genus "Coleochaete".
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="21637936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637936" title="Fernando R. Gómez">
Fernando R. Gómez

Fernando Rogelio Gómez Páez (born 1940) is the founder of the Museo de Historia del Mormonismo en Mexico, a museum about the history of Mormonism in Mexico. He and his co-director Sergio Pagaza have spent large amounts of energy gathering artifacts and primary documents of Mormon history in Mexico.
Gomez has served in several leadership positions in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He was the second president of the church's Mérida México Temple and has also been the president of the Santiago, Chile Missionary Training Center. Gomez has also been the president of the church's México Mérida Mission and a regional representative.
Gomez was born in Monterrey, Mexico. Prior to founding the Museo de Historia del Mormonismo en Mexico, Gomez was president of an electronics firm. He has a bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University (BYU), and has resided in Provo, Utah at various times.
Gomez is the author of "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the Lamanite Conventions: From Darkness to Light" and has written reviews for the "Journal of Mormon History". He has also given lectures at the David M. Kennedy Center for International Studies at BYU. He has also written "The States of México and Morelos: Their Contribution during the Re-opening Period of Missionary Work, 1901-03".

</doc>
<doc id="21637955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637955" title="Central Naval Museum">
Central Naval Museum

Central Naval Museum () is one of the oldest Russian museums and one of the world's largest naval museums.
The museum's history officially started in 1709 with the foundation of "Model-kammer" by Peter the Great for the conservation of ship drafts and models.
Since 1924, the museum has been known by its current name.
At first, the museum was located in the Main Admiralty building. However, since 1939–41, it has been located in the Old Bourse (Stock Exchange) building in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21637956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21637956" title="Interceptor Force 2">
Interceptor Force 2

IF2: Interceptor Force 2, commonly called Interceptor Force 2, is a 2002 Sci Fi Pictures science-fiction TV movie on the Sci Fi Channel. A sequel to the 1999 Sci Fi Channel telefilm "Interceptor Force", it is directed by Phillip Roth, and stars Olivier Gruner, Roger R. Cross, Adrienne Wilkinson, Elizabeth Gracen and Nigel Bennett. Government-trained soldiers called the Interceptors are assigned to look at a crash site of an alien spacecraft in Russia where they find a alien that can change shapes.
Plot.
Over Grozny, Russia, a pair of F-16 Falcon fighter jets chase down an unidentified spacecraft moving at supersonic speeds. Within minutes, it is the F-16s that are chased and eventually blasted out of the sky by the spacecraft. Minutes later, residents report a "meteor" flying pasat the city and landing somewhere in the distant hills. Jack Weber, head of the Alpha Force, calls in Lieutenant Sean Lambert, the sole survivor of the first Alpha mission four years ago in Mexico. Lambert's entire team was killed while trying to capture a single specimen of extraterrestrial life. Now Weber wants Lambert to take a new team of interceptors into Russia to capture this new alien specimen.
Lambert and the Alpha Force fly to Grozny. The new team consists of science officer Dawn DeSilva and Special Ops soldiers Bjorn Hatch, Nathan McAllister and Adriana Sikes. They find the wreckage of the alien spacecraft outside a Russian nuclear plant. Holes blasted in the razor fencing and thick concrete walls suggest the alien is inside.
The Alpha Force enters the nuclear plant and seal off the exits, creating a trap for the alien. But then, one by one, the team is killed off by a creature that possesses a laser weapon, can change its appearance, and can also regenerate itself completely from a single piece of alien tissue. Additionally, the alien has found a way to explode all the uranium fuel rods in the nuclear plant to create a lethal radiation cloud over Europe that will quickly spread and cover the rest of the world. Lambert and the remaining Alpha Force have 60 minutes to save themselves, and the Earth, from nuclear doom.
Cast.
As appearing in screen credits (main roles identified):
Production.
The film was produced by the Unified Film Organization and Interforce Productions, LLC, in association with Media Entertainment GmbH, Co. 1 Filmproduktions HG and Sci Fi Pictures. Aside from the crewmembers listed in the infobox, the crew includes production designer Kes Bonnet, digital effects supervisor
David Ridlen, visual effects supervisor Alvaro Villagomez, and costume designer Irene Sinclair.
The original "Interceptor Force" (1999) had been the Sci Fi Channel's highest-rated TV-movie to that point.

</doc>
<doc id="21638041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638041" title="Woodward's eagle">
Woodward's eagle

The Woodward's eagle ("Amplibuteo woodwardi") is an extinct species of Eagle that lived in North America and the Caribbean during the Late Pleistocene. It is one of the largest birds of prey ever found, with an estimated total length , and considerable larger than any living eagle. The Haast's Eagle reached similar lengths but appears to have been both somewhat more robust and shorter-winged than Woodward's, as Haast's was a forest-dwelling species. Woodward's eagle appeared to have hunted in open habitats, taking primarily small mammals and reptiles.

</doc>
<doc id="21638068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638068" title="Werner Zoege von Manteuffel">
Werner Zoege von Manteuffel

Werner Zoege von Manteuffel (13 July 1857, in Määri, Estonia – 14 March 1926, in Tallinn, Estonia) was a Baltic German medical surgeon. He was the earliest advocate of sterilised gloves.
Von Manteuffel studied at the University of Dorpat (Tartu) and became a doctor in 1886.
He published an article in 1897 recommending surgeons use rubber gloves and boil them in water before wearing them. At the time most doctors operated with their bare hands, or wore gloves of cotton, leather, or other absorbent materials.

</doc>
<doc id="21638093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638093" title="R. Muttusamy">
R. Muttusamy

Ramaya Muttusamy (January 5, 1926 – June 27, 1988) was a prolific Sri Lankan music director and singer. He handled the music for most of K. Gunaratnam's productions. 
Muttusamy was born on January 5, 1926, in Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India the only son of virtuoso Malayali musician Ramaya Baghwather. At a young age, Muttusamy was introduced to the violin and mastered the instrument by the age of ten.
Muttusamy worked as the Assistant Music Director on the first Sinhalese film "Kadawunu Poronduwa" in 1941 under the tutelage of R. Narayana Iyer. He subsequently travelled to Sri Lanka and found work there as a member of the state-run Radio Ceylon's Tamil Orchestra (October 20, 1952) and then with the Sundera Murugan Studio in Kandana built by producer Nayagam (1953).
Enlisted by successful producer K. Gunaratnam, Muttusamy handled his first lead music direction for the 1953 Sinhalese film "Prema Tharangaya". In the film he directed the Sinhalese playback singers Dharmadasa and Latha Walpola on what would be their debut as well. Subsequently he oversaw the direction for over 225 films including "Ahankara Sthree" (1953), "Mathalang" (1955), "Sandesaya" (1961), "Allapu Gedera" and "Chandiya" (1965) working with playback singers like the Walpolas, Mohideen Baig, J. A. Milton Perera, H. R. Jothipala, Angeline Gunatillake, Sujatha Attanayake, G. S. B. Rani Perera and Narada Disasekara.
Muttusamy was awarded an honorary Sri Lankan citizenship in June 1956 by prime minister Sir John Kotelawala. He rejoined Radio Ceylon in 1958 and served with the organization until 1981.
Muttusamy married the Sinhalese B. D. E. Neeliya Perera on October 7, 1961, and had four children, Mohanraj, Chitrangi, Prasanna Vadhani and Keerthika. Mohanraj would follow in his father's footsteps pursuing a career in music. Muttusamy died on June 27, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21638123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638123" title="Peridinium">
Peridinium

Peridinium is a genus of motile, marine and freshwater dinoflagellates. Their morphology is considered typical of the armoured dinoflagellates, and their form is commonly used in diagrams of a dinoflagellate's structure. "Peridinium" can range from 30-70 μm in diameter, and has very thick thecal plates.
Species.
Some species are:

</doc>
<doc id="21638132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638132" title="Petasina filicina">
Petasina filicina

Petasina filicina is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Distribution.
Distribution of this species is eastern-Alpine.

</doc>
<doc id="21638164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638164" title="Aetobatus poeyi">
Aetobatus poeyi

Aetobatus poeyi is an extinct species of eagle ray that lived during the Miocene.

</doc>
<doc id="21638218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638218" title="Jefferson Prairie Settlement, Wisconsin">
Jefferson Prairie Settlement, Wisconsin

Jefferson Prairie Settlement was a pioneer colony of Norwegian-Americans located near the village of Clinton, in Rock County, Wisconsin. This site and the nearby Rock Prairie settlement outside Orfordville, Wisconsin served as a center for both Norwegian immigration and developments within the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
Background.
Ole Knudsen Nattestad and Ansten Nattestad, two brothers from the valley of Numedal in southeastern Norway, emigrated in 1837. Numedal is a traditional district located in the county of Buskerud, Norway. Together the Nattestad brothers played a key role in promoting immigration from Norway and for directing immigrants to southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois. Ole Knutson Nattestad first came to the Town of Clinton in 1838. Ansten Nattestad returned to Norway to have the letters of Ole Rynning published. Rynning had been an early immigrant living in Beaver Creek, Iroquois County, Illinois. Rynning's work was published as "True Account of America" (Norwegian: "Sandfærdig Beretning om Amerika").
The return trip of Ansten Nattestad to Norway was instrumental in promoting interest in America. Ansten Nattestad organized more than a hundred emigrants and led them to Wisconsin, arriving in September, 1839. Some joined Ole Nattestad at Jefferson Prairie; others settled in nearby Rock Prairie. The Jefferson Prairie Lutheran Church was organized in 1844. Pioneer Lutheran Minister, Claus Lauritz Clausen, accepted a call during 1846 from Norwegian-settlers at Jefferson Prairie. He relocated from the Muskego Settlement and made Rock County the center for his activities among the settlements in southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois, remaining until 1853. Clausen based part of his efforts from Rock Prairie, which he rechristened Luther Valley.
During 1846, the Eielsen Synod, a Norwegian Lutheran church body, was founded at Jefferson Prairie by a group led by Elling Eielsen. In 1853, the Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (the "Norwegian Synod") was organized at Luther Valley. The organizing meeting of the Augustana Synod was held at Jefferson Prairie in June 1860. Today a historic marker near Wisconsin Highway 140, four miles south of Clinton, marks the former location of the Jefferson Prairie Settlement and highlights the role of the Nattestads in its development.

</doc>
<doc id="21638223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638223" title="Magnificent (Rick Ross song)">
Magnificent (Rick Ross song)

"Magnificent" is the first official single from Rick Ross's third album "Deeper Than Rap". It features John Legend and is produced by J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League. The song samples "Gotta Make It Up To You" by Angela Bofill and also contains an interpolation of "I'm The Magnificent" by Special Ed.
Remix.
The official remix was made which features John Legend, Big Boi, Special Ed & Diddy.
Music video.
The music video has cameo appearances from DJ Khaled saying a, Birdman, Ace Hood, Triple C's and Special Ed. It was released on March 3, 2009 and it was directed by music video director Gil Green. It was filmed at Gulfstream Park Racetrack in Hallandale Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21638251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638251" title="Mirosław Pych">
Mirosław Pych

Mirosław Pych (born 15 March 1972 in Słubice) is a Paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category P12 pentathlon events.
He competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - B2 event, a bronze medal in the men's 100 metres - B2 event and finished fourth in the men's Javelin throw - B2 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P11 event, a gold medal in the men's Javelin throw - F11 event, a silver medal in the men's 100 metres - T11 event and finished eighth in the men's Long jump - F11 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P12 event and a gold medal in the men's Javelin throw - F12 event. He also competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F12 event and did not finish in the men's Pentathlon - P13 event. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Javelin throw - F11-12 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21638264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638264" title="National Highway 33 (India)">
National Highway 33 (India)

National Highway 33 (NH 33) is a National Highway in India entirely within the state of Jharkhand that connects Barhi in Hazaribagh district with Baharagora in East Singhbhum district in Jharkhand. The total length of NH 33 is .
It starts from the junction of NH 2 and NH 31 at Barhi and ends in the junction of NH 6 at Baharagora.

</doc>
<doc id="21638272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638272" title="Lee Cox (athlete)">
Lee Cox (athlete)

 
Lee Cox (born 7 April 1981) is an Australian Paralympic athlete with a vision impairment. He was born in the Victorian town of Hamilton. At the 1996 Pacific School Games, he won two gold medals in the 400 m and discus events and four silver medals in the 100 m, 200 m, long jump and triple jump events, and in 1997 he was named Most Outstanding Junior Athlete by the Australian Blind Sports Federation. He participated in the 1999 FESPIC Games, winning two silver medals in the 400 m and triple jump events and a bronze medal in the long jump event. At the 2000 Sydney Games, he won a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon – P13 event. At the time of the games he was living in New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="21638280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638280" title="Norbert Holík">
Norbert Holík

Norbert Holík (born 14 May 1972 in Žiar nad Hronom) is a Paralympian athlete from Slovakia who competes mainly in category P13 pentathlon events. 
Biography.
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P13 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he finished sixth in the men's Pentathlon - P13 event. He also competed in alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics, 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics. In Salt Lake City in 2002, Holík won a bronze medal in slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="21638282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638282" title="1977 American Airlines Tennis Games">
1977 American Airlines Tennis Games

The 1977 American Airlines Tennis Games was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 2nd edition of the Indian Wells Masters and was part of the 1977 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix. It was played at the Mission Hills Country Club in Palm Springs, California in the United States from February 21 through February 27, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21638299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638299" title="Yolanda Wood">
Yolanda Wood

Yolanda Wood is an American actress, known for playing Mrs. Danforth in the 2008 film "".

</doc>
<doc id="21638300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638300" title="Amanda Davies">
Amanda Davies

Amanda Davies is a British sports presenter on CNN International 
Early life.
Davies was born on 24 March 1980 in Manchester and she is the daughter of sports journalist and sports administrator David Davies, Amanda was educated at King Edward VI High School for Girls in Edgbaston, Birmingham. She later graduated from St Edmund Hall, Oxford in 2001 with a degree in Geography, where she won the Philip Geddes Memorial Prize for journalism.
Career.
Sky Sports.
Davies joined Sky Sports as a runner straight from university in 2001. Later as an assistant producer she worked on a wide range of live sporting events, including the Cricket World Cup and US Open. Davies joined Sky Sports News and worked in several positions, including assistant news editor, presenter and on-the-road producer, most notably spending seven weeks in Berlin producing the Sky Sports News coverage of the 2006 World Cup from Germany. She was also an occasional reporter, making her presenting debut on Sky Sports News with Ian Payne in 2005.
BBC.
She joined the BBC in April 2007. She was a regular presenter of sports bulletins on the BBC News Channel (formerly News 24), BBC World News, and "Breakfast" on BBC One - as well as the sports bulletins on the BBC 1 weekend news. She was the presenter of BBC News F1 preview show Inside F1 every Friday and Saturday of race weekends, and in the 2008-09 season she presented a weekly chat-based football programme on BBC World called "".
In August 2011, Amanda was given her own football show on BBC World News called Sports World Have Your Say - a global interactive conversation between football fans around the world. It was a weekly show airing on Sunday evenings. http://www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/bbcworld/worldstories/pressreleases/2011/08_august/sport.shtml
Davies was also a regular presenter of the BBC Sport's "Your News", travelling around the country to a different location every week, telling viewers' stories.
CNN.
On 27 March 2012 CNN confirmed that Davies would join their team of sports presenters from April.
Charity work.
After the premature birth of her daughter Molly, Amanda became a supporter of a number of baby charities. On 30 January 2012 it was announced that Amanda had become the Patron of the Milk Bank at Queen Charlotte and Chelsea Hospital - where Molly was born 9 weeks early, and she is also an Ambassador for Sparks, and supporter of Bliss. 

</doc>
<doc id="21638309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638309" title="Zov Djungley">
Zov Djungley

Zov Djungley (, lit. "Call of Jungles") was a TEFI-awarded Russian children's game show created and hosted by Sergei Suponev. Was aired on Saturdays for two years from 1993 on Channel One. In 1995 it was brought back to be hosted by Pyotr Fedorov for 1997 and 1998, and Nikolai Gadomsky between 1998 and 2002. Music for the show was composed by Viktor Prudkovsky and Sergei Suponev performed the opening theme music "Djungli Zovut" (, lit. "Jungles Are Calling").
The contestants were split into two teams of four called "The Predators" and "The Herbivores." Each player was associated with an animal, printed on their t-shirt which included, for the Predators, a crocodile, lion, panther and a leopard. The Herbivores team consisted of an elephant, panda, koala and a monkey.

</doc>
<doc id="21638325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638325" title="Hendrik de Wit">
Hendrik de Wit

Hendrik (Henk) Cornelis Dirk de Wit (24 October 1909 – 16 March 1999) was a Dutch systematic botanist who contributed significantly to the knowledge of the Aroid genera "Cryptocoryne" and "Lagenandra". He grew up in the Waterland, a marshy area in the Northwest Netherlands, possibly the origin of his lifelong interest in aquatic plants.
Career.
De Wit studied biology at the University of Amsterdam from 1931-1937. In 1937 he left for Pretoria, South Africa where he worked as an Agricultural Research Officer with the Department of Agriculture. In 1941 he obtained his Ph.D. with a thesis on the genus "Setaria" from the grass family (Poaceae). In the same year, he moved to the Dutch East Indies (nowadays Indonesia).
During World War II de Wit worked in the 's Lands Plantentuin te Buitenzorg. After his return to The Netherlands in 1946 he worked for the "Flora Malesiana Foundation". De Wit was a gifted teacher and on 20 September 1953 he became a lecturer at Leiden University where he taught plant taxonomy and morphology of flowering plants and on 1 November of the same year also at the Wageningen University and Research Centre where he taught taxonomy and tropical and subtropical plant geography. In 1959 he left Leiden to become full professor in Wageningen and on 15 September 1969 he became the head of the Laboratory of Plant Taxonomy and Plant Geography there. De Wit retired in 1980, at which occasion a Festschrift was published in his honour.
Scientific work.
De Wit was especially interested in the Aroid genus "Cryptocoryne", as well as the closely related "Lagenandra" on which he published extensively. In all, he described 21 new species of "Cryptocoryne" and 6 species of the related genus "Lagenandra". A lifelong hobby were freshwater aquaria and in the late 1950s he edited an encyclopaedia for aquarists in 15 volumes, 2 of which (volumes 5 and 6) dealt with aquarium plants and were written by himself. In 1966 these volumes were revised and published together as the first edition of his book "Aquariumplanten" was published. It was translated in English in 1964 and in German in 1971. After his retirement, he wrote a history of biology ("Ontwikkelingsgeschiedenis van de biologie") in three volumes (1982–1989). A popularized version appeared in 1993 ("Wat is leven? Een cultuurgeschiedenis van de biologie").
"Primitiae Africanae".
The first results of research workers in African botanical taxonomy, prepared under supervision of de Wit, were published in a series named "Primitiae Africanae". Twelve articles were published in total, in different taxonomic journals.
Eponymous species.
Several plant species were named in his honour, such as "Begonia bonus-henricus" J.J. de Wilde, "Crudia dewitii" Kostermans, "Cryptocoryne dewitii" Jacobsen, "Homalium dewitii" Kostermans, "Bauhinia dewitii" K.Larsen & S.S.Larsen, "Rinorea dewitii" Achound., and "Lagenandra dewitii" Crusio et de Graaf.

</doc>
<doc id="21638329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638329" title="Curlew (steamboat)">
Curlew (steamboat)

The Curlew was built in 1856 as a wooden hulled propeller freight boat for the run between Providence and New York. She served in several capacities during the Civil War.
Merchant Service.
The wooden propeller steamer "Curlew", was built in 1856 by Samuel Sneden of Greenpoint, New York for the Commercial Steamboat Company of Providence, Rhode Island. She was equipped with a direct-acting, two cylinder, vertical engine with a bore of 32 inches and a stroke of 2 feet. The boiler was on the main deck. "Curlew" was rigged as a three masted schooner as were many of the propeller steamers in this service. She was configured with a full length spar deck which was enclosed above the main deck.
"Curlew" sank off of Point Judith, R.I. in May 1859 when a steam pipe burst and she began to fill with water. She was salvaged and a new boiler and engine were installed in 1860.
Civil War Service.
"Curlew" was purchased for $44,000 by the U.S.Navy in 1861 for the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron. She was outfitted as a gunboat with armament consisting of a 30-pounder rifled gun on the foredeck and six 32-pounder smoothbores on the main deck. "Curlew" participated in the expedition to Port Royal, S.C. under the command of Acting Lieutenant P.G. Watmough. When her machinery proved to be inadequate she was towed to New York by the transport "Baltic" arriving on 21 November 1861 to be returned to her owners before the sixty day trial period expired.
"Curlew" was chartered by the Quartermaster's Department in October 1862 and voyaged as far as New Orleans under Captain H.N. Parrish.
In the panic over the commerce raider CSS Tacony, "Curlew" was again chartered in June 1863 for use as a gunboat, this time by the Navy Department. She was returned in October of that year.
Final voyage.
Back in commercial service the "Curlew" inaugurated a freight service between New York and Baltimore. She cleared Baltimore, Md. on 5 November 1863 and proceeded down the Bay for New York with a full cargo. Near midnight on a dark, cloudy night she collided with the northbound steamer "Louisiana" near Point Lookout, Maryland hitting the "Louisiana" near midships on the port side. "Curlew" sank but Captain Parrish and the crew rowed to safety at Point Lookout. "Louisiana" suffered damage and was towed to Baltimore.
Notes on tonnage.
"Curlew" was listed in the Custom House Register in Providence at 343 49/95 tons burden. The register dimensions shown in the box also result in that number when entered in the contemporary tonnage equation. The New York Marine Register and the succeeding American Lloyds Register both show 380 tons. The Navy appears to quote 380 tons from those registers. In February 1862 the registration was changed to New York and the tonnage remeasured at 557 83/95.
Other vessels.
A ferryboat "Curlew" of 392 tons, which was built in 1853, was purchased by the Quartermaster's Department for use during the Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="21638334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638334" title="Nizami Museum of Azerbaijani Literature">
Nizami Museum of Azerbaijani Literature

The National museum of Azerbaijan literature named after Nizami Ganjavi () - was established in 1939, in Baku. It is located in the centre of the capital of Azerbaijan, not far from the Fountains Square and near the entrance of Icheri Sheher. Now this museum is one of the greatest and richest treasuries of Azerbaijani culture.
Main goals.
Collection, research and storage of scientific and other materials about Azerbaijani literature and culture, presentation of these materials on expositions and exhibitions is the main goal of the museum. There are carried out great scientific researches, published and written books and monographs.
History of the museum.
The building where the museum is located was built in 1850, as a one-storeyed caravanserais. In 1915, the building was given to “Metropol” hotel and the second storey was rebuilt. Then, in 1918-1920’s, workers of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic lived and worked there; in 1920-30’s the labor union soviet of Azerbaijan was located there. 
On November 1, 1939, according to the order of the Council of People’s Commissars of the Azerbaijan SSR under the number № 4972, a memorial museum named after Nizami was created in this building in connection with the 800th anniversary of the Persian poet Nizami Ganjavi. The building was overhauled by the project of architects Sadikh Dadashov and Mikayil Huseynov, were placed sculptures in the façade and reconstructed two floors. Later, the memorial museum was changed to the Museum of Azerbaijani Literature. Interior of the museum was designed by Letif Kerimov. During the World War II, when the 800th anniversary of the Persian poet Nizami Ganjavi was celebrated in Leningrad Blockade, the placement work of the museum’s exposition was continued. On May 14, 1945, the museum opened its doors to its visitors only after the victory in the Great Patriotic War, in spite of that, the museum was established in 1939.
Twice, in 1959 and 1967, the museum was overhauled, expanded and upgraded. In 2001-2003, the museum was changed again. 
In summer, 2005, after the visit of Ilham Aliyev-the President of Azerbaijan on December 30, 2004, were prepared new projects, on the basis of which the museum was overhauled and renewed. The Cabinet of Ministers of Azerbaijan Republic assigned 13 million manats for that reason. Area of the exposition was expanded 2500 square meters, and the number of halls upgraded to 30 main and 10 auxiliary. If there were demonstrated only 1000 of 120000 exhibits till the reconstruction, after the reconstruction the number of them reached 25000.
The building.
The total area of the museum is 2500 square meters, the 1409 meters of which consists of exposition and 173 square meters of fond. There are more than 3000 manuscripts, rare books, illustrations, portraits, sculptures, miniatures, memories of poets and other exhibits in 30 general and 10 auxiliary halls of the museum’s exposition. Part of the museum is a book shop.
The sculptures of the eminent Azerbaijani poets and writers were placed on the façade of the museum on the following way: Muhammad Fuzuli (sculptor: F. Abdurrahmanov), Molla Panah Vagif (sculptor: S. Klyatskiy), Mirza Fatali Akhundov (sculptor: P.Sabsai), Khurshidbanu Natavan (sculptor: Y. Tripolskaya), Jalil Mammadguluzadeh (sculptor: N.Zakharov), and Jafar Jabbarly (sculptor: S. Klyatskiy). There are 120000 exemplars of the museum exhibits stored in the fond of the museum.
Exhibits.
A manuscript of Nizami’s “Isgendername”, which was written in 1413, exemplar of a manuscript of Fuzuli’s “Bangu-Bade” (1569), “The Eastern poem about Pushkin’s decease” of Mirza Fatali Akhundov, personal autographs and other exhibits and expositions of great value are prides of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21638340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638340" title="Explanation-based learning">
Explanation-based learning

Explanation-based learning (EBL) is a form of machine learning that exploits a very strong, or even perfect, domain theory to make generalizations or form concepts from training examples.
Details.
An example of EBL using a perfect domain theory is a program that learns to play chess by being shown examples. A specific chess position that contains an important feature, say, "Forced loss of black queen in two moves," includes many irrelevant features, such as the specific scattering of pawns on the board. EBL can take a single training example and determine what are the relevant features in order to form a generalization.
A domain theory is "perfect" or "complete" if it contains, in principle, all information needed to decide any question about the domain. For example, the domain theory for chess is simply the rules of chess. Knowing the rules, in principle it is possible to deduce the best move in any situation. However, actually making such a deduction is impossible in practice due to combinatoric explosion. EBL uses training examples to make searching for deductive consequences of a domain theory efficient in practice.
In essence, an EBL system works by finding a way to deduce each training example from the system's existing database of domain theory. Having a short proof of the training example extends the domain-theory database, enabling the EBL system to find and classify future examples that are similar to the training example very quickly.
The main drawback of the method---the cost of applying the learned proof macros, as these become numerous---was analyzed by Minton.
Basic Formulation.
EBL software takes four inputs:
Application.
An especially good application domain for EBL is natural language processing (NLP). Here a rich domain theory, i.e., a natural language grammar---although neither perfect nor complete, is tuned to a particular application or particular language usage, using a treebank (training examples). Rayner pioneered this work. The first successful industrial application was to a commercial NL interface to relational databases. The method has been successfully applied to several large-scale natural language parsing system, where the utility problem was solved by omitting the original grammar (domain theory) and using specialized LR-parsing techniques, resulting in huge speed-ups, at a cost in coverage, but with a gain in disambiguation.
EBL-like techniques have also been applied to surface generation, the converse of parsing.
When applying EBL to NLP, the operationality criteria can be hand-crafted, or can be
inferred from the treebank using either the entropy of its or-nodes
or a target coverage/disambiguation trade-off (= recall/precision trade-off = f-score).
EBL can also be used to compile grammar-based language models for speech recognition, from general unification grammars.
Note how the utility problem, first exposed by Minton, was solved by discarding the original grammar/domain theory, and that the quoted articles tend to contain the phrase "grammar specialization"---quite the opposite of the original term "explanation-based generalization." Perhaps the best name for this technique would be "data-driven search space reduction."
Other people who worked on EBL for NLP include Guenther Neumann, Aravind Joshi, Srinivas Bangalore, and Khalil Sima'an.

</doc>
<doc id="21638344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638344" title="Utlängan">
Utlängan

Utlängan is an island in the Karlskrona archipelago in Blekinge, Sweden.
Geography.
The island is situated the furthest out to sea of any of the archpelago's islands. Only the rock of Utklippan is situated further out. Utlängan is covered in woods and meadows, and is approximately long and 1.5 km (just short of a mile) across. The island covers just over 215 hectares (530 acres). Utlängans harbour, called Stenshamn, is an island in its own right and is linked by bridge to Utlängan proper. Utlängan features a tall observation tower which was once used by the Swedish military. The island also has a lighthouse, which is found to the south. A ferry service from Torhamn links the island to the Swedish mainland.
History.
The island was the starting point of a medieval sailing route to Estonia, known today as "King Valdemar's sailing route".

</doc>
<doc id="21638351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638351" title="Neville Alexander">
Neville Alexander

Neville Edward Alexander (22 October 1936 – 27 August 2012) was a proponent of a multilingual South Africa and a former revolutionary who spent ten years on Robben Island as a fellow-prisoner of Nelson Mandela.
Early life.
Alexander was born in Cradock, Eastern Cape, South Africa to David James Alexander, a carpenter, and Dimbiti Bisho Alexander, a schoolteacher. His maternal grandmother,Bisho Jarsa was an Ethiopian from ethnic Oromo, rescued from slavery by the British.
He was educated at Holy Rosary Convent, Cradock, and matriculated in 1952. He spent six years at the University of Cape Town obtaining a BA in German and History (1955), completing his Honours in German a year later and a MA in German, his thesis was on the Silesia Baroque drama of Andreas Gryphius and Daniel Caspar von Lohenstein. Having been awarded an Alexander von Humboldt Foundation fellowship place at the University of Tübingen he gained his Phd in 1961 for a dissertation on style change in the dramatic work of Gerhart Hauptmann.
The Apartheid years.
By 1957, Alexander was already radicalised and a member of the Cape Peninsula Students' Union, an affiliate of The Non-European Unity Movement of South Africa. He joined the African Peoples Democratic Union of Southern Africa (APDUSA) which was established in 1960. However he was ejected from APDUSA in 1961 and with Dulcie September, Ottilie Abrahams, and Andreas Shipinga, among others, formed a study group of nine members in July 1962, known as the Yu Chi Chan Club (YCCC); Yu Chi Chan is the Chinese name for guerrilla warfare, which Mao Zedong used. The YCCC disbanded in late 1962 and was replaced by the National Liberation Front (NLF), Alexander co-founded. In July 1963, he, along with most members of the NLF, was arrested. In 1964, he was convicted of conspiracy to commit sabotage. From 1964–1974 he was imprisoned on Robben Island
Post-Apartheid.
After being released Alexander did pioneering work in the field of language policy and planning in South Africa from the early 1980s via organisations such as the National Language Project, PRAESA, as well as the LANGTAG process. He was influential in respect of language policy development with various government departments, including Education. 
His most recent work was focused on the tension between multilingualism and the hegemony of English in the public sphere. He founded and was Director of PRAESA (www.praesa.org.za) from 1992 until the end of 2011 and a member of the Interim Governing Board of the African Academy of Languages. In 1981, he was appointed Director of the South African Committee for Higher Education (SACHED). At the time of his death, he had retired from being director of Project for the Study of Alternative Education in South Africa (PRAESA) at the University of Cape Town. In 1994, his Trotskyist Workers Organisation for Socialist Action contested the elections.
Alexander received the Linguapax Prize for 2008. The prize is awarded annually (since 2000) in recognition of contributions to linguistic diversity and multilingual education. The citation noted that he had devoted more than twenty years of his professional life to defend and preserve multilingualism in the post-apartheid South Africa and has become one of the major advocates of linguistic diversity.
Death.
Alexander died from cancer following a short period of ill-health on 27 August 2012, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="21638353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638353" title="Tom Nolan (English footballer)">
Tom Nolan (English footballer)

Thomas Gerard "Tom" Nolan (13 June 1909 – 1969) was an English footballer, noted for his powerful cannonball shots.
Playing career.
Nolan played for Preston North End and Manchester Central, before joining Port Vale in October 1931. He hit 11 goals in 21 games to become the club's top-scorer, helping the "Valiants" to remain in the Second Division on goal average. Nolan then scored eight goals in 17 appearances in 1932–33, including a hat-trick in a 4–1 win over Plymouth Argyle at The Old Recreation Ground on 29 April.
In the 1933–34 season he scored 22 goals in 32 appearances, including hat-tricks in home wins over Bury, Hull City, and Nottingham Forest. He was the club's top-scorer for a second successive season in 1934–35, hitting 16 goals in 40 games. However, he was transferred to Bradford Park Avenue in July 1935. He hit 17 goals in 42 league appearances at Park Avenue, before he returned to Port Vale in a trade for George Stabb in September 1936. The "Valiants" had been relegated to the Third Division North in his absence. He hit 12 goals in 41 appearances in 1936–37, including a hat-trick over eventual league champions Stockport County. He was dropped at the start of the 1937–38 campaign in favour of Jack Roberts, though he still managed to hit the net seven times in his 20 appearances. He hit 17 goals in 41 games in 1938–39 to become the club's top-scorer for a fourth time. In February 1940, Nolan retired from the game due to his war duties. In his two spells with Port Vale he scored 96 goals in 221 appearances, over all competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="21638359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638359" title="Walt Bashore">
Walt Bashore

Walter Franklin "Walt" Bashore (October 6, 1909 – September 26, 1984), born Walter Franklin Beshore, was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Bashore played for the Philadelphia Phillies in the season. In 10 career games, he had 2 hits in 10 at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Bashore was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and died in Sebring, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21638362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638362" title="Sun Mu">
Sun Mu

Sun Mu is a Korean painter. He worked as a propaganda artist in North Korea before fleeing to South Korea in the 1990s.
Personal history.
Sun Mu was born in North Korea and trained by the North Korean Army as a propaganda artist. Later he studied art in college.
During a severe famine in the 1990s he fled to South Korea where he works as a painter. Out of concern for the family he left behind in North Korea he uses the pseudonym "Sun Mu" instead of his real name and does not allow photos of his face.
Art.
Sun has acquired fame and notoriety for the Socialist Realist style of his paintings, which resemble North Korean propaganda imagery and have even been mistaken for such. One of his portraits of former North Korean leader Kim Il-sung was removed from a Pusan biennale because organizers wanted to avoid problems for exhibiting "pro-communist" art. 
Sun himself and art critics have noted that his images are replete with political satire; depicting, for instance, the North Korean leaders in Western clothing. His signature work is the "Happy Children" series of paintings, which show North Korean children displaying the uniform forced smile that Sun says was taught to him at school in North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21638368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638368" title="Batticaloa Electoral District (1947–1989)">
Batticaloa Electoral District (1947–1989)

Batticaloa Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the city of Batticaloa in Batticaloa District, Eastern Province. The district was a two-member constituency between March 1960 and February 1989. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Batticaloa electoral district was replaced by the Batticaloa multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Batticaloa continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:
M. L. Ahamed Fareeth died on 10 September 1985. His replacement A. R. Sinna Lebbe was nominated on 25 October 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21638371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638371" title="Abu Zubair al-Masri">
Abu Zubair al-Masri

Abu Zubair al-Masri was a top Al-Qaeda operative originally from Egypt. He was an explosives expert. He was killed in a Drone attack on November 22, 2008 in village of Ali Khel in North Waziristan. He was holding an operational meeting with 4 others including Rashid Rauf who also were killed. The information about the location of al-Masri was provided to the Americans by Pakistani authorities 

</doc>
<doc id="21638377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638377" title="The Changeover">
The Changeover

The Changeover: a Supernatural Romance is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Margaret Mahy, published in 1984 by J. M. Dent in the U.K. It is set in Christchurch in the author's native New Zealand.
Mahy and "The Changeover" won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. Thus she became the fourth writer with two such honours (of seven through 2012), having won the 1982 Medal for "The Haunting".
Atheneum Books published a U.S. edition within the year.
WorldCat reports that "The Changeover" is Mahy's novel most widely held in participating libraries, second among all her works behind a picture book collaboration, "The Seven Chinese Brothers" (1989).
Plot introduction.
"The Changeover" is set in a fairly new suburb of Christchurch called Gardendale. It has a fairy-tale plot, with a devoted sister risking her life to save her bewitched brother. In some respects a coming-of-age story, it is also an unconventional romance between an aloof and difficult boy who happens to be a male witch and a strong-willed, psychically sensitive schoolgirl.
Plot summary.
Laura Chant has one of her "warnings", a premonition that something is about to happen, but is forced to ignore it and go to school as usual. On the way home, she and her younger brother Jacko encounter the sinister Carmody Braque, who 'playfully' stamps Jacko's hand, the stamp appearing as an image of his face.
As Jacko becomes increasingly ill, Laura believes he has been possessed. She seeks the help of Sorensen "Sorry" Carlisle, recognized by her as a witch in hiding though to others he seems just a painfully well-behaved school prefect who photographs birds as a hobby. She learns that Braque is an ancient being who consumes the life force of others to keep himself alive. Sorry's grandmother Winter, one of a long line of witches, recommends that Laura should "changeover" from her normal life, becoming a witch or "woman of the moon" herself. As such she can trick the unwary Braque into putting himself in her power. Although warned that the changeover can be dangerous, Laura is determined to save her brother, now very near death.
Laura experiences the changeover as a spirit journey through a dark forest, which is also at the same time Gardendale. The Carlisle witches help her through it, for their own reasons, and she emerges from the perilous passage with the power of nature and imagination awakened in her.
Taking Sorensen along to mask her new power, Laura confronts Braque and succeeds in gaining power over him and breaking his hold on Jacko. At first intending to make the evil entity suffer, she rejects the dark temptation and instead ends his unnatural existence.
Characters.
~Bohamady op, Full-time Librarian
Literary significance and reception.
The novel was awarded the Carnegie Medal for 1984 and was also the ALA Best Book for Young Adults, the School Library Journal Best Book of the Year, the Booklist Editor's Choice and a Boston Globe-Horn Honour Book.
It was described by the Guardian as "a seamless combination of supernatural thriller and entirely authentic teenage story", and by the School Library Journal as "an extraordinarily rich and sensitive novel" with a beautiful but ornate style. In the re-release of the novel in 2007, the author notes the book's significance as having been both her first young adult novel and the first in which she effectively evoked the New Zealand setting. She also observes its lack of adolescent idiom, which gives it a timeless quality. It is recommended by several reading books, particularly for teenage girls.
"The Changeover" has been the subject of scholarly essays, especially dealing with its fairy tale elements.

</doc>
<doc id="21638382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638382" title="Chen Chih-yuan">
Chen Chih-yuan

Chen Chih-yuan (; born October 27, 1976 in Taoyuan County, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese aborigine (tribe:Amis) former professional baseball player (position: outfielder). A well-known slugger since college era in the Fu Jen Catholic University, Chen had been a frequent member of the Chinese Taipei national baseball team between 1997 and 2004, participating the 2004 Summer Olympics in which he hit a home run in the match against Greece. In professional career, Chen joined the Brother Elephants of CPBL in mid-2001 and had been a bright star of the team.
After the 2009 CPBL season Chen had been under investigation for game-fixing allegations. Although Chen denied any wrongdoings, the Banqiao District Prosecutors' Office still indicted him for gambling and fraud on February 10, 2010. Chen was immediately expelled as a result, ending his professional baseball career.
Since December 2010, Chen runs a barbecue restaurant in Hualien City along with his former Brother Elephants teammate Chin-hui Tsao who was also expelled by CPBL due to game-fixing allegation.
Chen married local starlet Lin Hsiu-Chin () in 2005 and they had a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21638384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638384" title="Rampur, Jharkhand">
Rampur, Jharkhand

Rampur is a town in Ranchi district, Jharkhand, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 614 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 33 passes through Rampur.

</doc>
<doc id="21638390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638390" title="Goblins (webcomic)">
Goblins (webcomic)

Goblins - Life Through Their Eyes is a Dungeons & Dragons webcomic written and illustrated by Tarol "Thunt" Hunt. It is set in a humorously stereotypical fantasy setting, and follows the lives of a party of goblin adventurers who started as monsters and declared themselves player characters. The tagline for the comic - "Life Through Their Eyes" - reflects the predominant theme of the comic: telling a heroic tale of creatures normally viewed only as evil and weak. Tarol Hunt cautions young readers about the comic, as it often contains scenes of strong violence.
It won the Canadian Prix Aurora Award for "Best Graphic Novel" in 2011 and 2012.
Background.
The comic debuted on June 26, 2005, and updates presently occur at the rate of approximately 1 pages per five days. The strip originally began in black and white, before converting to color in the thirtieth strip. The comic often employs humor related to metagaming in Dungeons & Dragons, such as a cleric praying to the all-powerful but nerdy Dungeon Master or characters arguing about whether or not they were subject to a random encounter. As the strip has progressed, the tone has become bleaker and the humor aspects have become less central than they were in early strips, although still present. In August 2006 Goblins joined Keenspot. In September 2006 it won Dragon Con's "Most Outstanding New Webcartoonist" award. A first bound volume of the webcomic is in print in North America and Europe, and contains a foreword by Dungeons and Dragons game designer Monte Cook. A second volume was released in 2009. 
In August 2008, Tarol began a webcam channel to broadcast his drawing, first on JustinTV and currently on UstreamTV. In October 2008, he made Goblins his full-time occupation. On August 10, 2010 Thunt left Keenspot and moved the comic to Blindferret, which also hosts Least I could do, Looking for Group, PvP and Ctrl+Alt+Del. In July 2011, Tarol switched from an ink and paper webcam approach to a digital format, using a Wacom Cintiq drawing tablet. He is still broadcasting live his pencilling and inking sessions on Ustream. He credits Phil Foglio, Dave Trampier of Wormy, Heavy Metal Magazine and Wendy Pini of Elfquest as influences on his artistic style. Tarol currently lives in British Columbia, Canada.
Cast.
The Goblin Adventuring Party (GAP).
The main characters of the story are goblins who become player characters with Character classes in order to get stronger and better defend themselves. 
Chief: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 1. Dies in Book 4, Comic # 17. Character Class: Cleric
Big-ears: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 1. Character Class: Paladin 
Thaco: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 14. Character Class: Monk
Complains-of-Names: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 1. Character Class: Barbarian
Fumbles: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 1. Character Class: All ("one-eleventh" of each)
Other Adventuring Parties.
Besides following the progress of GAP, the story takes turns shifting focus between other character groups. Below are all the parties that have been introduced and established with goals.
Forgath, Minmax, and Kin (FMK)
Dies Horribly & Company
The Drow Party (and subsequent reincarnations)
The Monster Adventuring Party (MAP)
Others Of Note.
Kore & The Paladin's Curse: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 10, Kore is a dwarven "paladin" from beyond the Godskull Mountains. He is one of the strip's most intimidating antagonists, high level with powerful equipment and abilities. He is driven to exterminate evil wherever he finds it, but his definition of evil is skewed: it has included not only monster race characters that have committed no offense, but members of human races who may have been "tainted" by friendly contact with monsters, including children. His character poses one of the story's most debated puzzles - how is it that he can be a paladin and keep his paladin powers when he kills innocents? Young & Beautiful has indicated that this is due to a curse, which he denies.
Captain Dellyn Goblinslayer and Saral Caine: First Seen in Book 2 Comic # 13, Goblinslayer rules as captain of the Brassmoon City Elite Guard, with the help of Saral Caine (First Seen Book 2 Comic #32) who used to be his long-time adventuring buddy. In Book 3, both come out as main antagonists. The Captain makes Brassmoon City the most avoided by monster races, and none know the grim tortures taking place in its dungeons better than both Thaco and Kin, who have had personal experience with Goblinslayer's evils.
The White Terror, Duv, and The Viper Clan: First Seen in Book 2, Comic # 29, Duv is a special goblin foretold to have dominion over the earth. Her alias, "The White Terror" has spread throughout the realm as a symbol of doom for the future of all non-goblin races. Her people, The Viper Clan, have been growing in strength and name since her rule began. She was born with two majestic wings, but when she was a youngling, tragedy struck and left her with only one. Her attempts to heal and recover her past glorious image is what drives the Blue Orb of Bloodlight Arc.
Young And Beautiful, The Prophesy: First Seen in Book 1, Comic # 1, the self-named "Young And Beautiful" (who is actually very old, and "some new kind of ugly" according to Forgath) is the Wisewoman/Fortune-teller of the Goblin War Camp. Though only appearing in Book 1, her influence on both GAP and FMK has had long-lasting effect. She is responsible for the strip's yet-unfulfilled prophecy, first told in Book 1, Comic # 27. Its title in the site's archive is "Forgath's Fortune." "When the serpent becomes your prey, friends will become enemies and love will fuel hate."
Grinnorarcen & Herbert: First Seen in Book 1 Comic # 4, Grinnorarcen (formerly known as Not-Walter) is a Pit Fiend who serves as messenger boy for the realm's Dungeon Master, Herbert. His true name was discovered in Book 4, Comic #44. What little is known about Herbert comes from Forgath, who prays to him. Apparently he can't get a date to save his life and still rooms in his parents' basement. Herbert and other in-comic references to DnD mechanics show up sporadically throughout the story, depending on which characters are most aware of them at the moment.
Plot.
Book 1.
Most of the characters and parties are all introduced. Minmax and Forgath are in league with The Drow Party, and they attack The Goblin War Camp. Chief, Big-ears, Thaco, Complains-of-Names and Fumbles must fight to protect their fellow warriors and a poorly locked treasure chest.
Book 2.
The Goblin Adventuring Party (GAP) is officially formed. Before returning to their village, the GAP intend to adventure and gain experience so that they can better protect their people. But on their way, Fumbles makes a tragic mistake, and his rash attempt to fix it leads GAP to Brassmoon City, the last place on earth any monster wants to be. Meanwhile, the powerful Dwarf paladin, Kore, whose only aim is to eliminate monsters, has his crossbow set on GAP's village. Dies Horribly meets and is enslaved by The White Terror, whose excavation of a valuable artifact draws a Hobgoblin attack. New friends are found and old enemies cross.
Book 3.
As GAP invades Brassmoon City, Captain Dellyn Goblinslayer believes an entire army of goblins is about to attack. When he announces a captured goblin is to be publicly executed in the town square, GAP is forced to take drastic action. Thaco confronts his nemesis. The White Terror gets closer to her goal, and Dies Horribly must venture with a specially selected team into a dungeon crawl. Some new alliances are born, while old ones are cut short by death.
Book 4.
In the dungeon crawl, Well of Darkness, Dies Horribly's team discover and struggle with their ability to handle danger. The artificial arm Klik gave Dies makes some disturbing development. In Brassmoon City which has been left crippled after the incident with the goblins, Forgath and Minmax arrive looking for a ranger to help them track down GAP. Their recruiting effort does not go as planned. Meanwhile, together again and already at Level 4, GAP continue their journey home, but the dwarven paladin Kore intercepts. Great loss is suffered and The Blue Orb of Bloodlight arc comes to an epic conclusion at the end of this book.
Book 5.
After the climax of Book 4, the ex-Drow team is back, only to be slaughtered by a powerful, newborn force of evil. Meanwhile Minmax, Forgath and Kin traverse the pocket-dimension dungeon crawl, The Maze of Many. The trio is locked in a deadly race against over two hundred alternate versions of themselves, ultimately confronting a Psion alternate of Minmax who is sabotaging the Maze. After defeating him, Minmax and Forgath teleport back to their home world to do a long-awaited battle with GAP. However the two teams must unexpectedly side with each other to deal with Kore.
As of January 2014, this book is still in progress.
As of March 2014, this book is on hold for personal reasons, there will be a blog posted eventually with the basics of the situation. Tarol also drew a picture during this time to explain his mindset which can be found here for his tweet about it: and here for the hi-res full picture on his pinterest account: 
Tempts Fate.
In order to encourage donations, Tarol created a side comic with a goblin character named Tempts Fate, who is not connected with the main story. At the beginning of each donation drive, Tempts Fate is faced with a series of obstacles and dangers; whether or not he survives, and how skillfully he does so, directly correlates with how much money the donation drive makes. Were the donation goal not met, Tarol has promised Tempts Fate will perish, never to be brought back again. In 2008, Tarol attempted to create an interactive game with Tempts Fate, where fans could create their own goblin character and he would help them run it through an adventure. However, he was overwhelmed by the large response and has postponed the idea until it can be re-launched as a self-contained game. 
To date, Tempts Fate has survived 11 donation drives.
List of Tempts Fate Episodes.
Tempts Fate 11 has been implied to be the character's last and most expensive adventure. Donation fees in this adventure were abnormally high, as all money raised would go to buying a house for the artist. Donations exceeded the set goal by over fifteen thousand dollars. This adventure has yet to be finished drawing.

</doc>
<doc id="21638391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638391" title="Market hall">
Market hall

A market hall, market house or country market is a covered space historically used as a marketplace to buy and/or sell provisions or livestock, sometimes combined with space for public or civic functions on the upper floor(s).
After this style of market building developed in rural England, it spread to colonial territories of Great Britain, including Ireland and New England in America. A market house is typically located on a market square or wharf.

</doc>
<doc id="21638423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638423" title="Bluepoint Games">
Bluepoint Games

Bluepoint Games, Inc. is an American independent video game developer located in Austin, Texas. Their management team includes gaming industry veterans who have worked on multi-million selling titles. Bluepoint Games President Andy O'Neil previously served as Technical Lead Engineer on the highly successful "Metroid Prime" (2002) and "" (2004) titles for Nintendo of America Inc.
Bluepoint Games' first title, "Blast Factor" (2006), launched when Sony debuted its PlayStation 3, and was one of only two downloadable PS3 games available at the time.
On August 31, 2009, it was announced that reworked versions of "God of War" and "God of War II" would be coming to the PlayStation 3 as "God of War Collection". Bluepoint Games handled the port and the game was released on November 17, 2009 in North America. It was released in other regions from March to April 2010.
At the Tokyo Game Show 2010, it was announced that they would be handling a second Classics HD title port, remastering the PlayStation 2 games "Ico" and "Shadow of the Colossus" as "The Ico & Shadow of the Colossus Collection" for the PlayStation 3 for release in North America, Japan and Europe in September 2011. They also handled the "Metal Gear Solid HD Collection", which includes remastered HD versions of ', ', and "", and was released November 8, 2011.
Their most recent project was porting and programming the Xbox 360 version of "Titanfall".

</doc>
<doc id="21638532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638532" title="Arnaud Blin">
Arnaud Blin

Arnaud Blin (born May 23, 1960) is a French historian and political scientist. He has focused mainly on international relations and the history of war and peace, including the history of terrorism. Although educated in the United States (Georgetown, Fletcher School (Tufts), Harvard), he has published almost exclusively in French. His History of Terrorism (with G. Chaliand) was originally published in France and translated into English by the University of California Press. It is also available in other languages. 
Arnaud Blin blends historical analysis with current events and includes analysis of the Peace of Westphalia and the Westphalian system. He has written on the battle of Jena (1806) and philosophical ideas such as the Hegelian idea of the End of history, or the Kantian theory of perpetual peace as applied to US Foreign policy through the doctrine of democratic peace. His biography of Tamerlane is a study in state terror. 
He has worked for several research institutions, including the Institut Diplomacie et Défense, the French Institute for Strategic Analysis and the Ecole de la paix de Grenoble. Since 2008, he has been coordinator, with Gustavo Marín, of the Forum for a new World Governance. Aside from the United States and France, he has lived in Togo, Germany and Zaïre (DR Congo). 

</doc>
<doc id="21638556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638556" title="Fanie Lombaard">
Fanie Lombaard

 
 
 
Fanie Lombaard is an athlete and Paralympian from South Africa competing in P42 pentathlon and F42 throwing events. 
He competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P42 event, a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event, a gold medal in the men's Shot putt - F42 event and a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F42 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event, a gold medal in the men's Shot putt - F42 event and a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F42 event. He competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China where he won a bronze medal in the F42 shot putt and a gold medal in the F42 discus throw.
Lombaard is world record holder in F42 discus and P42 pentathlon events.

</doc>
<doc id="21638563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638563" title="Phalansterium">
Phalansterium

Phalansterium is a genus of single-celled organisms comprising several species. "Phalansterium" produces tetraspores.
"Phalansterium" is hard to classify; it has a distinctive ultrastructure of its pericentriolar material. Molecular evidence places it in the Amoebozoa.
It has been suggested that it is similar to the ancestral eukaryote.

</doc>
<doc id="21638565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638565" title="Luke Daley">
Luke Daley

Luke Aaron Daley (born 10 November 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Braintree Town. He has previously played for Norwich City, Stevenage, Plymouth Argyle and Lincoln City
Career.
Norwich City.
Luke was signed to Norwich as a 13-year old after being spotted playing football for local team, Mulbarton Wanderers. After scoring four goals in six reserve team games, Daley was named as a substitute versus Stoke City in March 2008, as an 18-year old "second-year Academy scholar". Aged 18, he was given a squad number of 39.
In November 2008, Daley came to further attention, when scoring a hat trick in a 4–2 Reserves win against an Arsenal Reserves team that "featured seven players from the squad that beat Wigan Athletic in the League Cup" a week earlier.
Daley made his professional debut for Norwich in a 1–1 draw against Burnley at Carrow Road on 21 February 2009 as a 78th minute substitute for Jamie Cureton. He made two further substitute appearances towards the latter stages of the 2008–09 season, as Norwich were relegated to League One. The following season, Daley made his first starting appearance for Norwich, playing the whole game in the club's 4–1 home defeat to Sunderland in the League Cup. He made a total of ten appearances for Norwich in all competitions during the 2009–10 season, as the club were promoted back to the Championship.
In January 2011, Daley joined League Two side Stevenage on a one-month loan deal. Stevenage manager Graham Westley had previously tried to bring in Daley ahead of the 2010–11 season, but a thigh injury which had kept Daley out for a large part of the season meant any hopes of signing the player were scuppered. Daley made his debut for Stevenage on 22 January 2011, coming on as a 64th minute substitute in Stevenage's 2–0 victory against Morecambe. It was to be Daley's only appearance during the first three weeks of his loan spell, appearing as an unused substitute in games against Accrington Stanley and Gillingham. He scored twice for Stevenage's reserve side in a 2–2 draw against Colchester United's second string on 9 February 2011. Daley made two appearances during his one month loan spell at Stevenage, before returning to his parent club on 22 February.
Plymouth Argyle.
Ahead of the 2011–12 season, Daley went on trial with League Two side Plymouth Argyle. He signed for Plymouth Argyle on a permanent basis on 19 July 2011. On 6 August 2011, Daley made his debut for the club in a 1–1 draw against Shrewsbury Town. On 30 August 2011, Daley scored his first goal in senior football with a long-range effort against Exeter City in the Football League Trophy. On 18 February 2012, Daley scored his first league goal in a 4–0 win over Accrington Stanley.
At the end of the 2011–12 season, Daley was released after not being offered a new contract.
Lincoln City.
Daley joined Grimsby Town on trial on 3 August 2012 and appeared in the club's final pre-season friendly against Stalybridge Celtic. He joined Lincoln City on a non-contract basis on 10 August, and made his debut the next day in a 1–0 win against Kidderminster Harriers.

</doc>
<doc id="21638591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638591" title="Jakob Mathiasen">
Jakob Mathiasen

 
 
 
Jakob Mathiasen is a Paralympian athlete from Denmark competing mainly in category P42 javelin throw events. 
He competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F42 event, a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P42 event and finished eighth in the men's High jump - F42-44 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Javelin throw - F42 event, a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P42 event, finished eighth in the men's Discus throw - F42 event and finished ninth in the men's Long jump - F42 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. There he won a gold medal in the men's Javelin throw - F42 event 

</doc>
<doc id="21638607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638607" title="Libya–Serbia relations">
Libya–Serbia relations

Libya–Serbia relations are diplomatic relations between Libya and Serbia. Libya has an embassy in Belgrade and Serbia has an embassy in Tripoli.
History.
Muammar Gaddafi built a strong diplomatic relationship with Yugoslavia and then maintained it with Serbia.
One of the more important connections was the arms trade, first between the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Libya, and then continuing with Serbia after the breakup of Yugoslavia. Several aircraft of the Libyan Jamahiriyan Air Force which were captured or used to defend Gaddafi-loyalists were made by Yugoslav aircraft-manufacturer SOKO in present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina. Muammar Gaddafi maintained strong diplomatic with Serbia after Yugoslavia broke up in 1991-1995. Public opinion in Serbia has been cited to be supportive of the Muammar Gaddafi regime.
Libyan civil war.
On August 25, 2011, Serbia officially recognized the National Transitional Council as the ruling government in Libya. However, the relations with the transitional government were strained from the very beginning of the Libyan civil war when five Serbs were captured by Anti-Gaddafi rebels under the suspicion that they fought as mercenaries for Muammar Gaddafi. As of April 2012 all five still remained in detainment in Libya. Libya al Youm then reported that more mercenaries had been flown in from Banja Luka. The Serbian minister of defence, Dragan Sutanovac, denied reports that Serbian warplanes had bombed anti-Qaddafi protestors.

</doc>
<doc id="21638615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638615" title="Eduardo Grimaldi">
Eduardo Grimaldi

Eduardo Grimaldi (1929–2010) was a Colombian ecologist whose work included projects to combat erosion and restoration work in the "Cerros Orientales" (Eastern mountains) in Bogotá after fire in the early 1970s. He was born in Belén, Boyacá, Colombia and died in Bogota, Colombia.
In his early years he published several articles in many Colombian magazines and papers. He was one of the closest friends of Rogelio Salmona.

</doc>
<doc id="21638644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638644" title="Avalanche Peak">
Avalanche Peak

Avalanche Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21638647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638647" title="Fort Butler">
Fort Butler

Fort Butler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21638698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638698" title="Diana Danielle">
Diana Danielle

Diana Danielle Danny Beeson (born November 22, 1991) is an American-born Malaysian actress.
Life.
She was born in Houston, Texas and raised in Penang. Her father is American and her mother is Malaysian.

</doc>
<doc id="21638700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638700" title="Czech Republic–Libya relations">
Czech Republic–Libya relations

Czech Republic–Libya relations are foreign relations between Czech Republic and Libya. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1993. The Czech Republic has an embassy in Tripoli. Libya has a consulate in Prague.
Relations.
The Czech Republic imposed sanctions on Libya in 1997 under a United Nations resolution following the 1988 Lockerbie bombing. This was lifted in 2006 by Czech President Václav Klaus.
Libya had an embassy in Prague, although this closed in 2007. In 2008 the country opened a consulate general in the same city.
Alongside Italy, the Czech Republic supported Muammar Gaddafi in the Libyan Civil War towards the beginning of the conflict. Following the death of Gaddafi in October 2011, the Czech Republic took a different stance and looked to move forward with an improved relationship between the two countries.
In 2013 Libyan judges were sent to the Czech town of Kroměříž for a five-day training programme in conjunction with the United Nations Development Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="21638742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638742" title="Horst Beyer">
Horst Beyer

 
 
 
Horst Beyer is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in category P42 pentathlon events. 
Biography.
He competed for West Germany in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he finished sixth in the men's Discus throw - A2A9 event, finished fifth in the men's Javelin throw - A2A9 event and finished sixth in the men's Shot putt - A2A9 event. Following reunification he competed for Germany in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won a gold medal in the men's Discus throw - THS2 event and finished fourth in the men's Pentathlon - PS3 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P42 event, a silver medal in the men's Discus throw - F42 event and a bronze medal in the men's Shot putt - F42 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a bronze medal in the men's Pentathlon - P42 event, finished sixth in the men's Discus throw - F42 event and finished seventh in the men's Shot putt - F42 event

</doc>
<doc id="21638749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638749" title="Minuscule 237">
Minuscule 237

Minuscule 237 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A13 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 289 parchment leaves (size ). The biblical text is surrounded by a commentary. A commentary to the Gospel of Mark is an authorship of Victorinus of Pettau. It contains pictures and scholia.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed after John 21:25.
History.
The manuscript was brought from the Athos (monastery Philotheus), by the monk Arsenius, on the suggestion of the Patriarch Nikon († 1681), in the reign of Alexei Mikhailovich Romanov (1645-1676). The manuscript was collated by C. F. Matthaei. 
The manuscript is currently housed at the State Historical Museum (V. 85, S. 41) at Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="21638752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638752" title="Edward Step">
Edward Step

Edward Step FLS (1855–1931) was the author of many popular and specialist books on various aspects of nature. He wrote many books on botany, zoology and mycology, which were published between 1894 and (posthumously) 1941. Some of those on flowers were beautifully illustrated by Mabel Emily Step (his daughter, b. 1881), including the 1905 ‘pocket guide’ entitled "Wayside and Woodland Blossoms". He also contributed to the periodical, "Science-Gossip: An Illustrated Monthly Record of Nature, Country Lore & Applied Science".
When Arthur Mee produced the first edition of his famous "Children’s Encyclopædia" – initially as a fortnightly series from 1908 until 1910 – he asked Edward Step to contribute the articles on plant life. These provided a comprehensive and interesting survey of all the common plants in Britain and many less well-known ones, giving an incentive to young readers to take an intelligent interest in the natural history of the world around them. There were numerous illustrations, but they consisted exclusively of monochrome photographs, attributed to Edward Connold. Illustrations from Step’s first work of 1896, "Favourite Flowers of the Garden and Greenhouse", have been reproduced on some internet websites.
Although a careful naturalist, Step overstepped the mark by creating the myth of a mouse-eating grasshopper in his book '"Marvels of Insect Life" (1915), where he wrote, “In the British Museum (Natural History) there is a specimen of one of the largest known locusts, which was received from a missionary in the Congo Free State a few years ago, who had taken it in the act of feasting upon a mouse it had caught. ... The locust in question does not confine its attention to mice; large spiders, beetles and other insects, and probably small nestling birds serve it equally for food.” No grasshopper is however known to feed on mice.
His views on evolution are not obvious from his books. At one point he referred to “the wonders of Creation” (with a capital ‘C’ as here), and he wrote a chapter in the same book on the giant tortoise of the Galapagos Islands, including reference to Charles Darwin, but with no mention of evolution. Religious examples are frequent in his books, for example, quoting Beecher's “Of all man’s works of art, a cathedral is greatest; a vast and majestic tree is greater than that”, and again, “Thousands see in cathedral aisles the reproduction in stone of the
pine-forest or the beech-wood.”
Books.
The following is a list of publications by Step and his co-authors, arranged in chronological order by the dates of the first editions of each work. It does not include the many revisions of his books that appeared into the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="21638768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638768" title="Seborrheic-like psoriasis">
Seborrheic-like psoriasis

Seborrheic-like psoriasis (also known as "Sebopsoriasis," and "Seborrhiasis") is a skin condition characterized by psoriasis with an overlaping seborrheic dermatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="21638775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638775" title="Osler, Saskatchewan">
Osler, Saskatchewan

Osler is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, founded in the 1890s. The community was named after Sir Edmund Boyd Osler (1845–1924), who was an Ontario-based explorer, railroad financier, and Member of Parliament.
Osler was built along the historic Qu'Appelle, Long Lake and Saskatchewan Railroad after surveying starting in 1890 by the engineering firm of Osler, Hammond and Nanton.
In 1892 the station house was built. The town of Osler came into existence soon after and became one of many towns and villages to spring up along the new railroad. Osler officially became a village on April 9, 1904, and stayed a village until May 1, 1918, when it became a Hamlet. Then, in 1949 it was upgraded to organized Hamlet status. Osler became a village for a second time in 1968, and was officially designated Town of Osler in 1985.
By the 1970s the railroad station had fallen into disuse and it was demolished by Canadian National Railway in 1973.
The town has a museum, library, senior's center, volunteer fire department and first responders, leisure centre, two schools, and four churches. Osler is about 30 km north of Saskatoon. 

</doc>
<doc id="21638783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638783" title="René Piller">
René Piller

René Piller (born April 23, 1965 in Héricourt, Haute-Saône) is a retired male race walker from France, who competed in three Summer Olympics during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21638827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638827" title="Mandu, Jharkhand">
Mandu, Jharkhand

Mandu is a town in Ramgarh, Jharkhand, India.
Geography.
Location.
National Highway 33 passes through Mandu. Nearest airport is Ranchi Airport and railway station is at Ranchi Road.
See also.
Mandu (Vidhan Sabha constituency)

</doc>
<doc id="21638841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638841" title="Pterocaulon">
Pterocaulon

Pterocaulon is a genus of flowering plants in the Asteraceae family, native to North and South America and to Australasia. The plants are perennial herbs, frequently densely covered with woolly hairs. The generic name means "winged stem," referring to the decurrent leaf bases that give the appearance of wings running down the sides of the stems.
Species.
It contains the following recognized species:

</doc>
<doc id="21638846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638846" title="Pete Dye Golf Club">
Pete Dye Golf Club

The Pete Dye Golf Club is an 18-hole facility in Harrison County, just northwest of Bridgeport, West Virginia. It features 7,308 yards of golf from the longest tees for a par of 72. The course rating is 76.9 and it has a slope rating of 147. Designed by Pete Dye, ASGCA, the Pete Dye golf course opened in 1995. Donna Mitchell manages the course as the General Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="21638869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638869" title="Lepilaena">
Lepilaena

Lepilaena is a genus of aquatic and marine flowering plant comprising 6 or more species endemic to coastal and brackish or akaline inland waters of temperate Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. 
The species are appended with common names that derive from their description as water-mats; for example, "L. australis" is referred to as Austral water-mat and "L. marina" as Sea water-mat. 
Interpretation of molecular evidence for this poorly studied genus suggests a close affinity with "Zannichellia", another genus of aquatic plants. Two species are noted for their occurrence in marine environs, "L. cylindrocarpa" and "L. marina", in estuaries and tidal flats. "L. cylindrocarpa" is also found in a variety of brackish inland waters of mainland Australia. Other species may be found in habitats of fresh to brackish, still or slowly moving, coastal or inland waters.
Species.
The species currently recognised include:

</doc>
<doc id="21638870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638870" title="Zannichellia">
Zannichellia

Zannichellia (common name Horned Pondweed) is a genus of submerged aquatic flowering plant. The genus is fully adapted to an aquatic life cycle including underwater pollination. "Zannichellia" has threadlike leaves and tiny flowers.
There are perhaps five species, including "Zannichellia palustris".
Zannichellia, after G.G. Zannichelli, 1662-1729, Italian botanist.

</doc>
<doc id="21638924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638924" title="Kingdom of Welcome Addiction">
Kingdom of Welcome Addiction

Kingdom of Welcome Addiction is the third studio album by IAMX, released on 19 May 2009.
Chris Corner described "Kingdom of Welcome Addiction" as being "like Disney World but with lipstick, cynicism and wit". It is the first IAMX album not to feature the vocals of Sue Denim, as well as being the first not to include any SP4 tracks.
The album was given to journalists to review but one journalist leaked it online in April and the album dispatch was also delayed. However, as an apology those who ordered it from Boutique IAMX were treated to an acoustic version of 'Running' which Chris filmed in a corridor of his own apartment building. This clip was later included on the CD-ROM of 'My Secret Friend'.

</doc>
<doc id="21638936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638936" title="Inverse psoriasis">
Inverse psoriasis

Inverse psoriasis or flexural psoriasis is a form of psoriasis that selectively and often exclusively involves the folds, recesses, and flexor surfaces such as the ears, axillae, groins, inframammary folds, navel, intergluteal crease, penis, lips, and webspaces.

</doc>
<doc id="21638985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21638985" title="Jan III">
Jan III

Jan III may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21639020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639020" title="Napkin psoriasis">
Napkin psoriasis

Napkin psoriasis, or psoriasis in the diaper area, is characteristically seen in infants between two and eight months of age.

</doc>
<doc id="21639046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639046" title="Mahulia">
Mahulia

Mahulia is a town in East Singhbhum district, Jharkhand, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 93 m from MSL.
its about 30 km from jamshedpur. it has own station mainly local train has stopieg here.
it has a dam over SUBARNEKHA river.
Location.
National Highway 33 passes through Mahulia. Nearest airport is Sonari Airport and railway station is at Ghatsila.

</doc>
<doc id="21639052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639052" title="Extrawurst">
Extrawurst

Extrawurst can be either a type of cold cut or part of a German idiomatic expression.
Sausage type.
Extrawurst is a type of Austrian scalded cold cut. It is moist, light coloured, fine textured and made from a well-spiced mixture of beef, pork and bacon fat. In Austria, it is the most popular type of cold cut. 
It is similar to the American Bologna sausage, the Dutch Boterhamworst, the German Lyoner or Fleischwurst and the Swedish Falukorv. 
It is cooked or served cold, often in a Wurstsalat, or as a cold cut.
One variety is the Pikantwurst. Unlike the Extrawurst, it has finely chopped red or green peppers added to it.
German idiomatic expression.
Extrawurst is also a frequently used German expression of disapproval relating to someone wanting special treatment. One would say "Er will immer eine Extrawurst gebraten haben" ("he always wants an additional sausage grilled for him") to express that someone wants something out of the ordinary.

</doc>
<doc id="21639058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639058" title="1962 Buin Zahra earthquake">
1962 Buin Zahra earthquake

The 1962 Buin Zahra earthquake occurred on September 1, 1962, in the area of Buin Zahra, Qazvin Province, Iran. 12,225 fatalities resulted from the massive, magnitude 7.1 earthquake.
Qazvin Province lies in an area of Iran that experiences large earthquakes. The 1962 event originated on one of many faults in the area, called the Ipak Fault. Believed to have been reactivated multiple times, the fault is extensive and could still pose a threat to locals.
Iran's building codes, renowned for performing poorly during earthquakes, were recently evaluated by multiple world organizations. Most hope that the Iranian government will implement a better quality of design, highlighting that Iran is among the most seismically active countries in the world.
Geology.
Iran is a seismically active zone, lying between the converging Eurasian and Arabian Plates. Because it has both strike-slip and reverse faults, earthquakes often proceed so that if one fault is overwhelmed by movement, the movement will branch off to another fault, creating a separate earthquake.
Buin Zahra County lies within a zone of active thrust faults, complemented by folds, that extends south from the Alborz mountains. Despite the presence of faults, Qazvin Province does not regularly experience earthquakes. However, the space between earthquakes allows pressure to build up on faults, increasing the power – and magnitude – of the earthquakes.
Specifically, the 1962 event originated on the Ipak Fault of northern Iran, along which it and aftershocks cut roughly of west-northwest trending surface faulting. A feature that extends for with its connected, smaller faults, the fault runs from the village of Ipak to Takhrijin. Iranian geologist Manuel Berberian's research indicates that the Ipak Fault is at least as old as the Carboniferous period, and has probably been reactivated several times since its formation. On the fault's south side, Carboniferous material is visible; this debris is not evident on the north side, which suggests that the fault was acting as a "dividing fault" while the area around it underwent sedimentation. Berberian could find no trace of Upper Guadalopian or Julfian sediments north of the fault. Another possible reason for this anomaly could be erosion; uplift could have exposed the northern portion of the fault but not the south.
Damage and casualties.
12,225 fatalities resulted from the earthquake. An additional 2,776 people were injured, along with 21,310 houses either destroyed or too damaged to repair. 35 percent of domestic livestock was also killed, and several landslides and rock falls followed the rupture. 21,000 houses were destroyed, mainly because they were made up of mud and brick. Over 7,500 were buried in 31 individual villages, followed by reports from 60 additional villages. In these villages, however, 26,618 survived. One hospital in Tehran was "packed" with over 2,500 victims.
Slight damage was experienced in Tehran, the nation's capital. Cities as far away as Tabriz, Esfahan and Yazd reported the tremor. Sandblows also formed along the rupture zone. The earthquake was also declared the largest rupture in the region since approximately 1630. Multiple reports came from the Rudak area of earthquake lights.
Relief efforts.
Rescue operators suggested that an aerial and on-land search should be initiated to help victims. Officials expressed worries that people had gone for over a week with no aid.
Iranian wrestling star Gholamreza Takhti gathered blankets, money, and food for victims and transported them by trucks. Because government response was slow, students at the University of Tehran took matters into their own hands. After gathering supplies, the students organized an effort to dispatch medical students and interns to the site of the disaster. Their teams were however blocked by Iranian National Guard members who had been commanded to kill any civilians who tried to help victims; writer Marcello di Cintio cites in "Poets and Pahlevans: A Journey into the Heart of Iran" that the "Shah was not about to let a crowd of students draw attention to his inept relief efforts".
Future threats.
Since roughly 90 percent of Iran lies within seismically active land, the threat from earthquakes is high. In 2002, an earthquake in Buin Zahra killed more than 250 people and left roughly 25,000 without homes.
In addition to its geological threat, Iran has poor earthquake engineering. In a 2004 report by ScienceDaily, it was listed as "the worst offender" globally for poor earthquake engineering. Professor Roger Bilham of the University of Colorado at Boulder, a geophysicist who specializes in earthquake-related deformation and hazards, blames construction practices for the fact that since the start of the 20th century, 1 in 3,000 Iranians has died in an earthquake-related incident. Bilham adds, "Most of Iran needs rebuilding. If the population of Iran had a choice between spending oil revenues on munitions or houses that won't kill them, I suspect they would choose a safe home. It's all a matter of earthquake education." A Common Country Assessment by The United Nations for Iran has similar results, stating that, "While adequate building regulations exist for large cities, it is generally believed that they are not rigorously adhered to... most of those who have suffered in recent major earthquakes have lived in small towns and villages. Earthquake-proof construction is very rare in those areas and adequate building regulations are not yet in place".

</doc>
<doc id="21639066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639066" title="List of Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! episodes (2001)">
List of Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! episodes (2001)

This is a list of "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" guests for 2001. Data is taken from the Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! Archives. Job titles reflect the position of individuals at the time of the appearance.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21639095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639095" title="Darrow, Louisiana">
Darrow, Louisiana

Darrow is an unincorporated community in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the location of three properties listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places: Bocage, Helvetia Dependency, and Hermitage plantations.

</doc>
<doc id="21639123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639123" title="Fort George, Grand Cayman">
Fort George, Grand Cayman

Fort George is a colonial era fortification located on Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. Located in George Town, Grand Cayman, the structure stands on the corner of Harbour Drive and Fort Street. Although in present day there is very little remaining of the original structure, its remains have been donated to the National Trust for the Cayman Islands in perpetuity. Fort George was one of the first fortifications built on the Cayman Islands during the early colonial period.
Construction and dimensions.
In 1662, the then Governor of Jamaica, Lord Windsor, received royal instructions to protect the "Caimanes Islands ... by planting and raising Fortifications upon them"; the fortification, however, was not constructed until 1790. Fort George was built using local coral rock and limestone ironshore with its design being based largely on the English fortifications of the time. The oval base of the Fort measured approximately 57 feet by 38 feet. There were eight embrasures for cannons around the sides of the fort and a mahogany gate on the fort's landward side. The walls of Fort George ranged in thickness from two feet on its landward side to five feet on its seaward side, with the walls being about five feet in height.
In 1802, when Edward Corbet came to Grand Cayman to compile a report for the Governor of Jamaica, he found the Fort "by no means well equipped" with only "three guns, four to six pounders", rather than the eight required by the original scheme.
Fort George in the 20th century.
By the beginning of the 20th century, the fort was no longer in use. During World War II, a tall silk cotton tree growing within the fort was used as a lookout post. Members of the Home Guard, whose barracks were located next to the fort at Dobson Hall, would climb up into the tree’s branches to watch for German submarines, many of which patrolled Caribbean waters hunting for merchant ships setting out to cross the Atlantic with supplies bound for English ports.
In 1972, the Cayman Islands Planning Authority and a local developer were embroiled in a disagreement over the fort’s future. The developer started the demolition of the structure, however, because of the objections raised by the local public, destruction of the site was halted. What remained of the structure was donated to the National Trust for the Cayman Islands in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21639127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639127" title="A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed">
A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed

A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed (b. 1922 Faridpur, Bangladesh) is an eminent historian from the Indian subcontinent.
Education.
Salahuddin received his I.A. from Surendranath College, (formerly Ripon College), and B.A. (Hons.) in History from Presidency College (now Presidency University). He completed his first M.A. in History from Calcutta University, and then a second M.A. in History from the School of Oriental and African Studies of University of Pennsylvania, and his Ph.D. in History from the University of London (1961).
Personal life.
Salahuddin came from a highly educated Bengali Muslim family. His father Abu Ahmed Faizul Mohi, paternal grandfather Moulvi Ahmed,one of the early Bengali Muslim high ranking administrators in British India, and maternal grandfather Azizul Haque,( who is credited to have a major contribution to the development of Henry Classification System of fingerprint method) were all students of renowned Presidency College, Calcutta. He was married to Hamida Khanom, who was one of the very few early Muslim graduates (I.A. and B.A.) from Bethune College Calcutta. She completed her M.A. from Calcutta University, and then a second B.A. (Hons.) from University College London. She retired as Principal of Home Economics College, Dhaka. Hamida, who recently died, provided support and inspiration to Salahuddin in his professional career throughout their long 60 years of married life.
Professional career.
Salahuddin started his teaching career in 1948 as a Lecturer at Jagannath College, Dhaka, Bangladesh, (at that time East Pakistan). Later, he was a Lecturer, Reader, and then Professor of History at Rajshahi University. He was also Professor of History at Jahangir Nagar University and Dhaka University, the job from which he retired in 1984. In 1963, Dr. Ahmed was invited by the American Historical Association as a Visiting Lecturer in South Asian History at the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Chicago. He was also UNESCO Cultural Fellow at Kyoto University, Japan in 1956. Dr. Ahmed was also associated with Independent University, Bangladesh as Professor of National Culture and Heritage, and served as the President of the National Association of Social Sciences of Bangladesh, and Chairman of the United Nations Association of Bangladesh. He has participated in many international conferences and seminars.
Publications.
The following quote from the review of one of Professor Salahuddin Ahmed's book: "Perspectives on History, Society and Politics" published by Readers Service, Kolkata, 2001, aptly captures his views and reputation 
In 2004, Professor Salahuddin Ahmed in collaboration with Dr. Bazlul Momin Choudhury, published a comprehensive editorial volume on the history of Bangladesh, entitled "Bangladesh:National Culture and Heritage: An Introductory Reader", which gives an overview of the land, society, culture and religions, and history of the peoples of Bangladesh.
Some other notable books in English and Bengali written by Professor Salahuddin Ahmed are:
He has also contributed many articles in professional journals.
Involvement in social issues.
Dr. Salahuddin Ahmed's interest and involvement in social service is reflected by his work for the Red Cross during the turbulent period of Partition of India, and his association with Radical Democratic Party founded by M.N.Roy.

</doc>
<doc id="21639133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639133" title="1927 Giro d'Italia">
1927 Giro d'Italia

The 1927 Giro d'Italia was the 15th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 15 May in Milan with a stage that stretched to Turin, finishing back in Milan on 6 June after a stage and a total distance covered of . The race was won by the Alfredo Binda of the Legnano team. Second and third respectively were the Italian riders Giovanni Brunero and Antonio Negrini.
266 riders started the race, and 80 crossed the finish line of the final stage.
It was the first Giro with a modern design: in the same period of time of the previous Giro, three more stages were included, which replaced three days of rest. At the same time the stages became shorter (only one passed 300 km).
In 1927 Binda was at the apex of its career, and it triumphed winning 12 stages out of 15: a record still to be surpassed. Binda led the general classification from the first to the last stage (only Girardengo had already done it, in the 1919 Giro). In Binda's team there was also his brother Albino, as a support rider.
Giovanni Rossignoli, "virtual" winner of the first edition in 1909, participated for the last time. He was 45 years old and concluded the race in 44th place, about 7 hours behind Binda.
Participants.
Of the 266 riders that began the Giro d'Italia on 15 May, 80 of them made it to the finish in Milan on 6 June. Riders were allowed to ride on their own or as a member of a team. There were six teams that competed in the race: Aliprandi-Pirelli, Bianchi-Pirelli, Berettini-Hutchinson, Ganna-Dunlop, Legnano-Pirelli, and Wolsit-Pirelli.
The peloton was primarily composed of Italians. The field featured three former Giro d'Italia champions in three-time winner and reigning champion Giovanni Brunero, along with one-time winners Alfredo Binda and Giuseppe Enrici. Other notable Italian riders that started the race included Arturo Bresciani, Giovanni Rossignoli, and Domenico Piemontesi.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 80 cyclists who had completed all fifteen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="21639147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639147" title="Richie Londres">
Richie Londres

Richie Londres, (born in London, England) is an English musician, hip hop record producer, lead guitarist and multi-instrumentalist and illustrator and owns Altered Beats Records. Londres has worked with Deftones and Cypress Hill on various projects. Londres is active in three groups, as the founding member & producer of Sol Invicto Cultura Londres and Okujira. He is also known for remixing various artists, published by Universal Records. He is the creator of the Seastep (genre) which combines art & music of the sea. His production influences cited are EL-P, Scorn, Geoff Barrow & Trent Reznor. Bands cited are Iron Monkey, Tool, Wu Tang & Rammstein.
Sol Invicto.
Londres is the founder member of Sol Invicto a rather secretive cinematic metal/electronic group. They have completed a 7 track EP called Initium with Zach Hill of the band Hella. The second EP (Initium II) was released in October 2013 and the group are set to release the third and final installment in May 2014. The group have officially remixed songs by Deftones & Asking Alexandria.
Londres recently commented on the project in an interview with "Dose of Metal"
"We are working on 2 follow up EP's, which are effectively Initium II and III. I would like to get those out to fans over the next 8 weeks. The tracks on the 3 EP's were originally going to be an album, but since it was recorded over different periods of time and with different drummers it didn't have the feel of an album, by breaking them up into EP's it gives us more freedom to experiment with the sound and build our audience organically. We will record the debut album this year, it was just a case of finding a few clear weeks were we can all get together and record a body of music in one hit."
Cultura Londres.
Early Years 2004–2008.
Founded by Londres in 2004 with MC Tiago and Eric Bobo of Cypress Hill. The group toured extensively in the UK from 2006/2007 and released several music videos and released 2 EP's, supporting artists such as Ozomatli and La Mala Rodriguez.
Hiatus 2008–2012.
Cultura Londres has been through many musical and line up changes since its conception and enjoyed a great reception from fans around the world but with Tiago's family commitments Londres was forced to shift his focus and started working on his other project Sol Invicto. With Sol Invicto now officially his main project Londres has always hinted at returning to finish the work he started in Cultura Londres. In a recent interview Londres stated "I want to debut the true sound of Cultura, much more in tune with my roots as a musician and producer. I've always been into the heavier, darker side of music, its always been in my heart. I tried all kinds of sounds for Cultura Londres and I've ended up back where I started. Its a journey I think you have to make as an artist to truly know why you do what you do"
Debut Album 2013.
In 2012 Londres mentioned he was working in the studio with Tiago again and putting from final touches to various unreleased material before they begin working on the debut album.
Production.
Branching out as a solo producer Londres has started to work with both established and underground artists, he is thought to work mostly with artists in Los Angeles & London. He is currently working with remixes artists such as Sick Jacken Charlie 2na & Ana Tijoux as well as a new project called Okujira with LA based rapper called Amy.

</doc>
<doc id="21639152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639152" title="KCYT">
KCYT

KCYT (96.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Fayetteville, Arkansas, USA. The station is owned by Hog Radio, Inc.
Key personnel at KCYT are Dan Storrs, general manager, "HayStack", Program Director and host of the Mid-Day, Wilhite and Wall, the morning show team, "Cadillac" Jack, the afternoon drive host, and Chad Fox, the evening host.
Programming.
KCYT broadcasts a country music format. The station plays contemporary country with a focus on the most recent releases from Nashville, and airs Bob Kingsley's Country Top 40 each Sunday beginning at noon.

</doc>
<doc id="21639196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639196" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Maine">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Maine

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Somerset County, Maine. 
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Somerset County, Maine, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 58 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21639215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639215" title="April 29, 1992 (Miami)">
April 29, 1992 (Miami)

"April 29, 1992 (Miami)" is a song written by American ska punk band Sublime in 1996 from their eponymous album "Sublime". The song title refers to the date of the 1992 Los Angeles riots, of which news spread throughout the United States following the acquittal of four police officers accused in the videotaped beating of Rodney King.
Background.
The official title of the song references the date April 29, 1992; however, the lyric is sung as, "April 26, 1992." It has been said this was a mistake, but the take was strong enough the band kept it. Theories have developed about the true integrity of the song's lyrics. The acts of crime including arson, robbery and vandalism referred to in the lyrics were purportedly committed by Nowell and other Sublime band members during the 1992 LA riots. The lyrics also offer a justification for the band's participation in the unrest:
Alternate Version.
After lead singer and guitarist Bradley Nowell's death, the two surviving members of the band released every mix and alternate version that the band had recorded. Along with those recordings, an alternate version of "Miami" was released on their 1997 compilation album "Second-hand Smoke" titled "April 29, 1992 (Leary)".

</doc>
<doc id="21639276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639276" title="Minuscule 240">
Minuscule 240

Minuscule 240 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Zε21 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Paleographically it had been assigned to the 12th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 411 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae (Mark 8:12-34; 14:17-54; Luke 15:32-16:8). The text is written in one column per page, 33-39 lines per page.
It contains tables of ("tables of contents") before each Gospel. The biblical text is surrounded by a commentary of Euthymius Zigabenus. The biblical text written in red, the text of a commentary in black ink.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
Formerly the manuscript was held in the monastery Philotheus at Athos peninsula, then in the Dionysius monastery. It was brought from the Athos to Moscow, by the monk Arsenius, on the suggestion of the Patriarch Nikon, in the reign of Alexei Mikhailovich Romanov (1645-1676). The manuscript was collated by C. F. Matthaei.
The manuscript is currently housed at the State Historical Museum (V. 87, S. 48) at Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="21639344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639344" title="USS Resolute (1894)">
USS Resolute (1894)

The second USS "Resolute" was an auxiliary cruiser and transport that served in the United States Navy in 1898-1899. She served during the Spanish-American War.
Construction, acquisition, and commissioning.
"Resolute" was launched on 10 February 1894 as the iron-hulled passenger ship SS "Yorktown" by Delaware River Shipbuilding and Engine Works at Chester, Pennsylvania. The U.S. Navy purchased her from her owner, the Old Dominion Steamship Company, on 21 April 1898 for service during the Spanish-American War and commissioned her as USS "Resolute" on 11 May 1898 with Commander Joseph G. Eaton in command.
United States Navy service, 1898-1899.
Departing New York City on 25 May 1898, "Resolute"s first assignment was to cruise between St. Nicholas Mole, Haiti, and Santiago de Cuba, Cuba, in search of the Spanish Navy squadron commanded by Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete. After calling at Key West, Florida, on 8 June, "Resolute" returned to the southeast Cuban coast to assist the U.S. fleet in scouting, relying on her high speed for protection. She was present on 3 July at the Battle of Santiago de Cuba, steaming eastward to warn United States Army transports of the Spanish squadrons emergence from the harbor of Santiago de Cuba. Subsequently, "Resolute" transported Spanish prisoners-of-war to the United States, departing the Cuban coast on 8 July for Charleston, South Carolina; Newport News, Virginia; Tompkinsville, New York; and New York City.
"Resolute" returned to the Cuban war zone late in July. She engaged Spanish shore batteries at Manzanillo, Cuba, on 13 August, but sailed for the United States carrying returning Marines from the First Battalion who had made the first assault landing at Guantánamo Bay. The ship reached New York on 23 August and after inspection continued to Portsmouth Harbor the next day, where the First Marine Battalion was disembarked.
In October, "Resolute" embarked the Evacuation Commission at Nuevitas, Cuba, for transportation to Havana, Cuba, and Key West, and again to Havana. Then she returned American troops home to the U.S.
"Resolute" was out of service until December, while being fumigated following an outbreak of yellow fever on board. She then steamed between Havana and Key West on transport missions through March 1899. Her final service was as a marker vessel for the steam trials of the new battleship at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, from May-September 1899.
"Resolute" arrived at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 2 October, and was decommissioned there on 15 December 1899 at League Island Navy Yard.
Later career, 1900-1928.
"Resolute" was transferred to the United States Department of War on 22 January 1900 for service as the United States Army Transport USAT "Rawlins". Returned to mercantile service in 1902, she operated under the names SS "Powhatan", SS "Cuba", and SS "Seneca" until 1926, when she burned and sank at New York City. She was refloated on 2 September 1928 and subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="21639430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639430" title="Fitzwilliam Sonatas">
Fitzwilliam Sonatas

Fitzwilliam Sonatas is the name first given by Thurston Dart to an arrangement he made, based on two recorder sonatas by George Frideric Handel, which he recast as a group of three sonatas. The term was applied by later editors to the original two sonatas as Handel wrote them, and was also expanded to encompass several other sonatas for various instruments included in the Handel autograph manuscripts held by the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge.
History.
The two sonatas used by Dart for his edition were probably written between 1724 and 1726, but were not likely intended to be associated, either as a pair or together with the other four recorder sonatas by Handel. They were first associated in 1948, when Thurston Dart named them after the Fitzwilliam Museum at the University of Cambridge, where the autograph sources are kept. Said autographs were part of the bequest that founded the museum, made in 1816 by Richard FitzWilliam, 7th Viscount FitzWilliam (not related to the Earls Fitzwilliam), who had bought them at auction following the death of J.C. Smith the Younger (1712–95), from the portion of his collection remaining after a major gift to King George III.
In 1974 a new edition of three recorder sonatas under the same name was made by the German musicologist Klaus Hofmann. This edition restored the D minor sonata to its original seven-movement form, and added as no. 3 the Sonata in G Major, HWV 358, probably composed much earlier than the other two Fitzwilliam recorder sonatas, at some time between 1707 and 1710. Even with correction of an evidently defective, very high passage at the end of the third movement, Hofmann admits that "Handel must have been counting on a superlative instrumental soloist", and suggests that "perhaps an instrument in g' ought also to be kept in mind" (as opposed to the usual alto recorder in f'). The attribution of this sonata to the recorder is contested, however. Both David Lasocki and Terence Best assign it to the violin, whereas Jean-Claude Veilhan endorses Hofmann's view, and Winfried Michel acknowledges the possibility.
Two further Handel sonatas found in the Fitzwilliam manuscripts have been published under the "Fitzwilliam" rubric: the Sonata for Violin and Continuo in G Minor, HWV 364a, and the Sonata for Oboe and Continuo in B-flat major, HWV 357. In the autograph of the G minor violin sonata, Handel copied out the first bar a second time at the foot of the first page, with the solo part written an octave lower, in the alto clef and with the words "Per la Viola da Gamba". A realization of this version was first published in an edition by Thurston Dart in 1950.
Movements.
The three sonatas in Dart's arrangement (the one illustrated in the accompanying sound files) are:
The movements of Handel's two original sonatas, as given in both Klaus Hofmann's and David Lasocki and Walter Bergmann's editions, are:
The Sonata in G major (HWV 358) does not even carry the title "Sonata" in the manuscript, let alone any specification of instrumentation, nor are there any tempo markings for its three movements. The editions by Hofmann and Best, though disagreeing about the intended solo instrument (recorder or violin, respectively), do supply the same tempo markings:
The Violin sonata in G minor (HWV 364a) is marked simply "Violino Solo" in the Fitzwilliam autograph. The movements as given in Terence Best's edition are:
Discussion.
Handel re-used the first movement of Sonata 1, a courante, in the opera, "Scipione (HWV 20, 1704)". The second movement was re-used in his Organ Concerto in F major, Op. 4, No. 4 "(HWV 292)". The third movement was used in the Violin Sonata, Op. 1, No. 3 "(HWV 361)".
Modern scholars agree that the B major sonata must have been written for the recorder, despite there being no mention of this on the autograph. One of the reasons for this is that, "when Handel used the third movement again in his A major violin sonata, he changed the key to A major, which would seem to eliminate the possibility that the B major version is for the violin." In addition, the key and range were unsuitable for the oboe, according to one source, though another writer claims that, although "the key would be suitable for the oboe, but less so for the flute," nevertheless "The range is too high for the oboe, and all of Handel's genuine flute and oboe sonatas go significantly below "f"' (flute sonatas to "d"', oboe sonatas to "c"' or "d"')".
The second and third of Dart's sonatas were originally a single sonata (HWV 367a), and was broken into two parts by Thurston Dart in his edition of 1948. The sonata designated by Dart as No. 2 consists of movement 7 of this D minor sonata followed by an earlier version of movement 6 of the same work, concluding with an unrelated minuet by Handel, together with a "double" (variation) composed by Dart. It has since been published in its original form. This D-minor Sonata was later arranged by an unknown hand as a flute Sonata in B minor (HWV 367b), published by Walsh in about 1730 as op. 1, no. 9.

</doc>
<doc id="21639449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639449" title="Avalanche Peak (Yukon)">
Avalanche Peak (Yukon)

Avalanche Peak is the 20th highest peak in the Yukon territory of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21639464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639464" title=".500 Black Powder Express">
.500 Black Powder Express

The .500 BPE or Black Powder Express was first used in a Purdey Double Express rifle in the 1860s. It is very similar to the .50-140 Sharps cartridge.
The cartridge usually fires a 440 grain bullet with a speed of and a muzzle energy in the current Kynoch factory load of .
The round was originally used as a tiger hunting caliber, although it also saw use on elephants in some cases.

</doc>
<doc id="21639487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639487" title="Lucyna Winnicka">
Lucyna Winnicka

Lucyna Winnicka (14 July 1928 – 22 January 2013) was a Polish actress. She appeared in 21 films between 1954 and 1978. She played the lead role in the film "Mother Joan of the Angels", which won the Special Jury Prize at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival. In 1967 she was a member of the jury of the 5th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21639497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639497" title="Thomas Bourgeois">
Thomas Bourgeois

 
 
 
Thomas Bourgeois is a Paralympic athlete from America competing mainly in category P44 pentathlon events. 
He won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain in the men's Pentathlon - PS4 event. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States, he won a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P44 event, a bronze medal in the men's 4 x 100 meter relay - T42-46 event, and finished seventh in the men's 800 meters - F43-44 event. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia, he won a silver medal in the men's Pentathlon - P44 event.

</doc>
<doc id="21639505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639505" title="Ormanjhi">
Ormanjhi

Ormanjhi is a town in Ranchi district, Jharkhand, India. It is the headquarters of the Ormanjhi Block, one of the twenty administrative blocks of Ranchi district. Ormanjhi is known for picnic spots. Two big hospitals, Apollo and HCG, are located in Ormanjhi. Sikidiri Hydroelectricity power plant is also located near Ormanjhi. Actually ormanjhi is firstly famous only for Sikidiri.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 607 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 33 passes through Ormanjhi. Nearest airport is Ranchi Airport and nearest railway station is at Ranchi.

</doc>
<doc id="21639513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639513" title="Orlando Carrió">
Orlando Carrió

Orlando Carrió (5 August 1955 – 26 May 2002) was an Argentine actor. He died from lung cancer on 26 May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21639537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639537" title="My Own Love Song">
My Own Love Song

My Own Love Song is a 2010 road movie directed and written by Olivier Dahan and starring Renée Zellweger, Forest Whitaker, Madeline Zima and Nick Nolte. It premiered in Dahan's native France on April 7, 2010 and in the United States at the Tribeca Film Festival between April 21 to May 2, 2010.
The soundtrack contains music written by Bob Dylan, including "Life Is Hard" from his 2009 album "Together Through Life".
Plot.
In Marysville, Kansas, a paralyzed former singer, Jane, argues with her stuttering friend Joey about his belief that he can talk to the invisible world. One day, as she's out for some physiotherapy treatment, he messes up her house while searching for a book about angels that he has lent her but that she has not read. Frightening the neighbors, he is taken by the police to a hospital, where an angry Jane briefly visits.
The following night, Joey escapes from his room and comes back to his friend's house in order to tidy it as she sleeps. While he cleans everything up, he finds a letter from her young son inviting her to his upcoming communion in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where he lives with his adoptive family. Later on, as she has woken up, he asks her if he can spend the night on the couch.
In the morning, the police knock on Jane's door and ask her if the escapee is in her house. She hesitates but eventually tells them that he's left. Decided not to go back to the psychiatric hospital nor to prison, Joey then begs Jane to join him on a planned trip to New Orleans, where a celebrated author writing about angels is due to hold a conference.
Soon after they start driving, problems begin. Their engine heats up and their car explodes. They buy a new one but this one is stolen. They then board a coach and, while Jane sleeps, Joey meets a young lady called Billie by helping her find her wedding ring on the floor. She tells him her husband has disappeared without giving an address.
Later on, the three passengers dine at Billie's sister with her friends. A romantic night follows and ends with fireworks. The next morning, Joey, Jane and Billie are driven to a restaurant by a relative, but Jane forgets her purse in the car. As nobody has enough money for the bill, Joey elaborates a plan to get them to the bus without paying. The plan does not work but they eventually get into the bus, where they argue about what they've just done. The bus driver abandons them on a road in the middle of nowhere. Jane decides to go back home and Joey has to reveal the existence of her son's letter.
At night, the three hear music and meet Caldwell, an old musician with whom they share some cake enhanced with drugs. The following day, Caldwell gives them a lift, as Jane reluctantly agrees to replace a singer who was due to sing two songs in a restaurant. In town, shortly before her planned show, Jane argues with Joey about his mothering her. She leaves the group and meets fellow travelers going to Iowa. The woman of the couple is ill and they are going their on their last trip to their children. This inspiring meeting persuades Jane to perform the show she was supposed to be at. She arrives on stage while Joey prays angels for her to come back. She sings "This Land Is Your Land" accompanied by Caldwell on electric guitar, to applause from the public in the club.
After the concert, as they drive towards New Orleans, they notice their stolen car on the road and chase the thief. An accident ensues and everybody is arrested and subsequently freed except Caldwell who is taken to prison. Jane manages to give him a song written for him, where she stresses the beauty of birds.
In New Orleans, Joey attends the conference about angels but discovers, while in the toilet, that the author is both a racist and a liar. He does not believe in what he writes and hates his Black and Mexican readership. Joey punches him in the face and the three travelers are expelled from the conference.
They get to the train station and are bound to Baton Rouge when Billie receives a call. Her husband is on the phone and seems ready to come back home. She leaves Jane and Joey just before their train departs.
In Baton Rouge, as they reach Jane's son's communion, she hesitates to get in, afraid that she will not recognize him seven years after her accident and subsequent coma. Joey tells her to sing, so that he will find her. She listens to his advice, and just like Joey had predicted, her son, who was just about to leave the place with his adoptive family, stops in front of her as he hears her sing.
The final scene is set later back in Kansas. Joey and Jane are sitting in front of a lake, talking. Her son and his adoptive parents arrive for a visit. Jane and Joey hold their hands as the three approach.
Production.
Production began in October 2008 in Kansas and Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="21639588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639588" title="Dafina Zeqiri">
Dafina Zeqiri

Dafina Zeqiri (born 14 April 1989) often referred to as Duffye is an Albanian Kosovar singer. She achieved high popularity within the young Albanian-speaking community as a result of constant marketing and appearance on TV. This earned her top artist titles at Kosovo's talent contest Polifest for three straight years: 2007, 2008 and 2009. In 2012 she received 10 Videofest Awards nominations, and won 4.
Life and career.
1989–2007: Early life.
Dafina Zeqiri was born on 14 April 1989 to parents Nebih Bajraktari and Melihate Zeqiri. She grew up in the city of Malmö, Sweden with her mother. Once she returned to her homeland, she quickly became a favorable artist to the Kosovar nation. She started writing music when she was just 10 years old. During her childhood years, she also played basketball & football, citing Zlatan Ibrahimović as her favorite sportiest.
2007–10: Career beginnings.
In 2007, Dafina performed in Polifest Festival and is nominated for her song, "Rrallë e Përmallë," and eventually won the competition.
In 2008, Dafina she received a BOOM Award Nomination for her song "Adios," and was awarded with the audience award. In the same year, she launched her first album titled "Knock Down". Shortly afterwards, in her continued participation in "Kënga Magjike," she received the "First Magic" award with her song, "Bateritë".
In 2009, her fame grew after a dancing competition in "Op Labi Party (New Year 2009)" where Dafina won against the most popular singers in Kosovo due to her mesmerizing voice and dancing skills. The success continued with two collaborations with known singers Blero & F-Kay with the song "La Vida Loca" and Capital T & 2po2, "Shumë Naltë". Both songs turned into hits of the summer. In May 2009, she won "Best RNB" in Top Fest 6 with the song "Dua që ta di," a song which was a great success. Then Duffy'e also made the a mix of the song with the acclaimed DJ-Zap. In August, she was declared as "Female Superstar 2009" in Teksteshqip.com. In September, she attended the Awards with the song "Amazing Girl" and won the audience award for the third time. During 2009, two of her clips were very successful: "Shumë Larg" (directed by Stamps Pictures) and "Amazing Girl" (Directed by Entermedia).
2010–present: National and international success.
In February 2010, Dafina has demonstrated that she has wonderful vocal singing skills when she sang live in RTK "Oxygen." After this show, Dafina traveled to Australia to shoot the clip of the song in English, "Rock This Club." The video clip of the song "Amazing Girl" by Dafina was the main winner of this year's edition of Music Videofest, sweeping away the award for best videospot, 'Best of All'. She was nominated in eight categories and won four of them.
Dafina collaborated with producer of Cameron Diaz, and the choreographer of Britney Spears in the video clip of her song "Rock this club." She then launched the clip of the song "Rock This Club", a song in English because she believes that "every singer has a dream that their songs are broadcast in foreign stations." Dafina adds among other things that art does not see competition, and that she respects her colleagues. "No, because I mostly keep my colleagues. For me, all have their place, everyone have their own style. I am proud of the successes of my colleagues, I am happy for them because we are Albanians and we must support each other." 
Dafina took part in a concert conducted in Kosovo with the famous rap singer, Snoop-Dogg, and was very well received by the public. In October 2010, she had collaborated with Tuna Sejdiu and 2po2 in a song, "Vibe", which became an instant hit. In December 2010 Ledri Vula (of the Albanian group known as Skillz) and Dafina collaborate in making the song called "Po'm pelqen," which proved to be yet another hit.
After the release of "Dangerously in Love", Dafina released "My Swag", a song sung in English. Her newest album is to be released soon and is titled "Just Me" while her next hit "Supernova" came out around the same time.
In December 2011, Dafina Zeqiri released her newest album and a clip around the same time and it was a big success. In her album, the song D&G was included, a song she has made with the famous Albanian rapper Getoar Selimi, better known as "Geti". She has already launched her clip "Tonight," which is also included in the new album "Just Me".
She launched 2 new music videos "Veç Ti" (later translated in English as "Your Love") and "Bloodah" which were very successful. She also feauterd in new song with Dj Blunt and Real 1 named "Mos u Nal". She is also known as "The Kosovar Diva",(similar to Elvana Gjata in Albania.)
Personal life.
Zeqiri's father was distant to her and to her mother, and she quoted that they haven't had contacts for more than 23 years. During a TV show in Klan Kosova, Dafina's father made a public speech asking her to forgive him, but Dafina never made any replies.
She dated Ladri Vula, a Kosovar rapper from Prishtina. There were a lot of rumors regarding their relationship, but they finally confirmed it during an acceptance speech in Videofest where the couple kissed. They later broke up.

</doc>
<doc id="21639597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639597" title="David MacCalman">
David MacCalman

 
 
 
David MacCalman is a Paralympian athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category P53 pentathlon events. He lost the use of his legs after sustaining a spinal cord injury while diving into a river.
He competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he finished fourth in the men's Shot putt - THW2 event, finished fifth in the men's Javelin throw - THW2 event, finished twelve in the men's Discus throw - THW2-3 event, finished seventh in the men's 200 metres - TW2 event and went out in the first round of the men's 800 metres - TW2 event. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he won a silver medal in the men's Javelin throw - F51 event and finished sixth in the men's Shot putt - F51 event. He also competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. There he won a gold medal in the men's Pentathlon - P53 event, a gold medal in the men's Javelin throw - F52 event and finished fourth in the men's Shot putt - F52 event. He also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States. There he finished twelve in the men's Javelin throw - F52-53 event and finished ninth in the men's Shot putt - F52 event.
In 2011, MacCalman was the first person in New Zealand to buy the Rex Bionics exoskeleton orthosis to enable him to walk.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="21639619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639619" title="New York Women's Agenda">
New York Women's Agenda

The New York Women’s Agenda (NYWA) is an umbrella organization of women's groups in the New York City metropolitan area. Its membership consists of both nonprofit women's organizations and individuals.
About NYWA.
Founded in 1992 by Elinor Guggenheimer, NYWA is a nonprofit organization dedicated to bettering the lives of women and children of New York. 
NYWA's members represent the diversity of New York City and include community-based groups; religious, ethnic, and political groups; professional associations; and issues-based groups. Through NYWA, these groups unite to work on issues of common interest and to advocate for public policy.
Agendas.
NYWA is involved in various activities which focus on a broad range of public policy issues that affect the quality of life of women and their families. These are grouped into three main areas, or "agendas" that are the focus of NYWA's work each year.
Star Breakfast.
In 2008, the Star Breakfast presented the inaugural Elinor Guggenheimer Lifetime Achievement Award to Barbara Walters. Honored speakers were New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg and first lady of New York State Michelle Paterson. In 2009, Gloria Steinem presented this award to Jane Fonda. Michelle Paterson was honored speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="21639650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639650" title="Mounir Mourad">
Mounir Mourad

Mounir Mourad ( January 13, 1922 - October 17, 1981) was an Egyptian artist, singer, actor, and distinguished composer of lighthearted songs. His compositions included duets for Shadia and Abdel Halim Hafez.
He played the leading roles in a few Egyptian films, the most famous being "Of the Good Day" (Naharak Sa'id).
His father Ibrahim Zaki Mordechai was a famous Jewish Egyptian singer, musician and composer in the early twentieth century. His mother was Jewish Egyptian of Polish origin, Gamilah Salmon. Mourad was born in Cairo. When Mounir was growing up, his sister, the artist Leila Mourad was already famous and singing on the Egyptian radio.
In 1939, Mourad left his French college (Collège-des-Frères (Bab-El-Louk)) took various jobs, then entered the field of cinema, firstly as a script supervisor (Klaket), and then as an assistant director to Kamal Salim in about 24 films in the 1940s.
Mourad attempted to compose and present jazz music that was popular at that time in the West, but faced difficulties in promoting it and to convince anyone to produce it. His big breakthrough, however, came when he composed his first popular song "One Two" ("Wahed .. Etneen") sang by Shadia which then opened the way for the singers and film-makers to entrust him to compose songs in many movies.
Mourad was a pioneer in dance music and musical shows. He composed and developed much of Egypt's most famous dance music, performed by the leading dancers of the time, Tahiya Karioka, Samia Gamal, and Naima Akef.
His association with singer Shadia was a milestone in the history of Egyptian music as their songs have become classic songs of romance in Egypt. In addition, songs for Abdel Halim Hafez served as a special aspect of the Halim experience.
Mounir Mourad composed music for several other singers from Egypt and some Arab countries with the same method, which is characterised with successive rapid rhythm.
Mounir also acted in three movies, acting and singing mixing jazz with oriental music.
Mounir Mourad was married to actress Soheir el Bably after converting to Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="21639657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639657" title="Bulgaria–Iraq relations">
Bulgaria–Iraq relations

Bulgaria–Iraq relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Iraq. Bulgaria has an embassy in Baghdad. Iraq has an embassy in Sofia.
Bulgaria was part of the Multinational force in Iraq between May 2003 and December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21639732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639732" title="Christian Ban">
Christian Ban

Christian Ban (born March 16, 1982 in Klagenfurt, Austria) is a professional ice hockey forward for the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL.

</doc>
<doc id="21639770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639770" title="Patrick Makau Musyoki">
Patrick Makau Musyoki

Patrick Makau Musyoki (born 2 March 1985 in Manyanzwani, Eastern Province) is a runner from Kenya. He is the former world record holder in the marathon with a time of 2:03:38, set at the 2011 Berlin Marathon. He is also notable for his half marathon performances, having won a number of prominent competitions in Europe in sub-1-hour performances. 
Career.
Makau attended Unyuani School until 1999, after which he joined Kyeni Academy, Misiani. He started running in 2001. He competed at the 2006 IAAF World Road Running Championships and finished in 26th place.
He finished second at the 2007 Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon by running 59:13 minutes, being beaten only by Samuel Wanjiru who set the world record (58:53) at the same race. He won silver at the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships and 2008 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. He was also part of the Kenyan team that won the team race both times.
He won at the City-Pier-City Loop in 2008. Makau won the 2009 Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon setting the second best ever half marathon time 58:52. The world record at the time, 58:33, was held by Samuel Wanjiru. He made his marathon debut at the 2009 Rotterdam Marathon, finishing fourth and setting a fast time (2:06:14 hours), short of the fastest marathon debut, set by Evans Rutto at the 2003 Chicago Marathon (2:05:50 hours).
Makau returned to the Hague for the City-Pier-City Loop in 2010 and won for a second time, clocking another sub-one hour time of 59:52. After this he significantly improved his marathon best to 2:04:48 to win the Rotterdam Marathon, becoming the fourth fastest runner over the history of the distance. He opted to stay away from the circuit and focus himself entirely on preparations for the Berlin Marathon. A rematch with Rotterdam runner-up Geoffrey Mutai saw the two take the same positions again. Rain dampened the prospect of a record but Makau out-sprinted Mutai at the finish to clock 2:05:08 and win his first World Marathon Major. In recognition of his performances that year, he was selected as the AIMS World Athlete of the Year in a poll of race organisers.
Makau ran in the 2011 London Marathon and, in spite of a fall at the half way point, he continued and was narrowly beaten into third at the line by Martin Lel, finishing with a time of 2:05:45.
World record.
At the Berlin Marathon on 25 September 2011, Makau was set to duel against Haile Gebrselassie, the world record holder from Ethiopia. The Kenyan dropped his more experienced rival after the halfway point and went on to finish in a world record time of 2:03:38 (an average pace of 4:42.9 per mile), beating the existing record by 21 seconds. Prior to the race, he stated that he wanted to bring the marathon world record back to Kenya, following on from a former record holder Paul Tergat. Speaking after the race, Makau said "In the morning my body was not good but after I started the race, it started reacting very well. I started thinking about the record" and "At 32 km I thought I could win the race and even break the world record. It was hard the last 10 kilometres".
His world record performance remained for 2 years before falling to fellow Kenyan, Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich, at the 2013 Berlin Marathon, when the record was lowered another 15 seconds to the current world record time of 2:03:23.
2012 season.
He was the pre-race favourite for the Granollers Half Marathon in February, but lost in a sprint finish to Carles Castillejo under cold weather conditions. He ran at the 2012 London Marathon but dropped out mid-race due to injury and was not selected for the Olympic team. He entered the Great Manchester Run in May and came fifth in a time of 28:21 minutes.
In the Frankfurt Marathon in October, despite feeling uncomfortable and running most of the time at the back of the leading group, Makau managed to take back the lead from Deressa Chimsa and holding on for the victory, with a time of 2:06:08.
2013 season.
Makau raced in the 2013 London Marathon. He showed to be in poor form, having been outside the lead pack already by the first time point at 5km, falling farther and farther behind with every time point until 40km. By halfway, he was nearly 3 minutes behind the leaders, but he slowed further and eventually finished the race in 2:14:10, outside the top 10, more than 8 minutes back from the winner, and more than 10 minutes back from his own world record.

</doc>
<doc id="21639799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639799" title="Kokpara">
Kokpara

Kokpara is a town in East Singhbhum district, Jharkhand, India.
Geography.
It is located at at an elevation of 92 m from MSL.
Location.
National Highway 33 passes through Kokpara. Nearest airport is Ranchi Airport and nearest railway station is at Tatanagar. Jamshedpur is 80 km from Kokpara.

</doc>
<doc id="21639802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639802" title="The Knife (film)">
The Knife (film)

The Knife () is a 1961 Dutch drama film directed by Fons Rademakers. It was entered into the 1961 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21639829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639829" title="Hilo Massacre">
Hilo Massacre

The Hilo Massacre, also known as Bloody Monday, was an incident that occurred on 1 August 1938, in Hilo, Hawaii, when over 70 police officers attempted to disband 200 unarmed protesters during a strike, injuring 50 of the demonstrators. In their attempts to disband the crowd, officers tear gassed, hosed and finally fired their riot guns, leading to 50 injuries, but no deaths.
These protesters were multi-ethnic, including Chinese, Japanese, Native Hawaiian, Luso and Filipino Americans. In addition, the strikers were not from one single union; members of many different unions, including the International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union (ILWU) participated. The different groups, long at odds, put aside their differences to challenge the Inter-Island Steamship Company. The unions, led by longshoreman Harry Kamoku, demanded equal wages with workers on the West Coast of the United States and closed shop or union shop.
Strikes began on 4 February 1938, and culminated on 1 August when 200 workers gathered to protest the arrival of the SS "Waialeale", a steamship owned by the Inter-Island Steamship Company. The protesters were ordered to disband, but refused to comply. Force was used, resulting in hospitalizations.
Background.
As part of the New Deal, Congress in 1935 passed the Wagner Act, legalizing workers' right to join and be represented by labor unions. Hawaii — not yet a State — had been, starting in the 1920s, virtually controlled by the "Big Five": Alexander & Baldwin, C. Brewer, Castle & Cooke, American Factors, and Theo. Davies. Furthermore, the Hawaii labor force had been divided up into racial blocs, which helped keep wages low.
Harry Kamoku (1905–1957) was the primary organizer and leader of the first real union in Hawaii to be legally recognized. Kamoku was a Chinese-Hawaiian and a longshoreman, born in Hilo in 1905.
On November 22, 1935 Kamoku and about 30 longshoremen of every ethnicity formed the Hilo Longshoremen's Association. This successful, and other unions were created or came in to Hawaii from other states or countries, including the Inland Boatmen's Union (IBU), the International Longshoremen's and Warehousemen's Union (ILWU) and the Metal Trades Council (MTC).
The strikes.
On 4 February 1938, strikes began. The strikers demanded equal wages with workers on the West Coast and closed shop or union shop. Strikes continued well into July and August. The SS Waialeale, owned by the Inter-Island Steamship Company, which in turn was owned by the Big Five, was due to come in to port on 1 August. On that day, protesters from different unions arrived to protest the ship's docking. Witnesses estimated the crowd anywhere from 80 to 800, with the newspapers reports saying around 500 to 600. It is likely, however, that there were only around 200 protesters.
The incident.
After the ship docked, the crowd advanced down the dock. The police had set up a "dead line" that the protesters were not supposed to cross. The mob, however, crossed it, despite police protests. This led to the police throwing about a dozen tear gas grenades into the crowd. Among the protesters were members of the Hawaii Territorial Guard who took action and threw tear gas grenades back at the police or away from the crowd. They were also instrumental in providing the unions police plans on how the police were going to react to the strike. The tear gas did cause some protesters to leave and temporary confusion, but after regrouping, the crowd kept on advancing.
Meanwhile, the police were getting ready to bring out the fire truck hoses. The police then proceeded to spray the crowd with water. During this, the police made no attempt to make any arrests, being unsure whether or not they had the jurisdiction to carry out arrests. The protesters eventually regrouped.
The protesters remained peaceful the vast majority of the time, sitting down and refusing to leave when confronted by any police officers.
Sheriff Henry K. Martin ordered the police officers to change out their ammunition from buckshot to birdshot intending to disperse the crowd without fatalities. Police warned the demonstrators they would fire on them if they did not disperse voluntarily few heeded the warning. At 10:20 AM, Lieutenant Charles Warren stabbed one of the protesters in the back with a bayonet. The police then opened fire for five minutes on the crowd with both birdshot and buckshot among police officers who failed to hear the orders. At least 16 rounds of ammunition were fired, and at least 50 people shot, including two women and two children.
Aftermath.
Later that day, a larger crowd gathered to be addressed by Harry Kamoku. Estimates of the size of the crowd range from 500 to 3000 people. Kamoku described what happened, "The only reason we know for them shooting at us like criminals is that we are members of our chosen unions. The order to shoot came while we were sitting down."
Joseph V. Hodgson (1899–1973) was appointed Attorney General of the territory by Governor Joseph Poindexter a few weeks before the Hilo Massacre. Hodgson later released the Hodgson Report, which reported on the Massacre.
In October 1938, injured protester Kai Uratani filed a lawsuit against the officers responsible for the shooting. He lost, and instead had to pay for the officers' defense costs.
Legacy.
Despite the injuries, the strike did not achieve any immediate major gains for the unions. However, within ten years, Hawaii unions had become very powerful, and the August 1 anniversary of the Hilo Massacre was regularly commemorated at the Hilo docks.

</doc>
<doc id="21639861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639861" title="Krepost Sveaborg">
Krepost Sveaborg

The Krepost Sveaborg was an Imperial Russian system of land and coastal fortifications constructed around Helsinki during First World War. The purpose of the fortress was to provide a secure naval base for the Russian Baltic fleet and to protect Helsinki and block routes to Saint Petersburg from a possible German invasion. Krepost Sveaborg was part of the Peter the Great's Naval Fortress, a coastal fortification system protecting access to Saint Petersburg by sea. The central part of Krepost Sveaborg was the old fortress of Suomenlinna where the fortress headquarters were located. Due to technological advances in artillery the old fortress was no longer capable of providing a sufficient protection, and a new main defensive line was built well beyond the old fortress boundaries. New coastal artillery guns built on outlying islands protected Krepost Sveaborg from the sea, while fortified lines constructed around Helsinki were intended to stop any attacks on land. The primary coastal guns were model 1891 guns and model 1892 Canet guns. Older model 1877 guns were also used. In summer 1917 the fortress had two hundred coastal or anti-landing guns, of which 24 were 10-inch guns in six batteries, 16 were 6-inch Canet guns in four batteries and twelve were 11-inch guns in three batteries. The artillery used in land fortifications included older coastal guns, old fixed carriage guns and newer light field guns. In March 1917, Krepost Sveaborg had a total of 463 guns, although many of them were obsolescent. Krepost Sveaborg was still partly incomplete in 1917 when the February Revolution halted most of the construction work. Some further construction work was carried out during the remaining year, but all work halted during the October Revolution. Following the Finnish Declaration of Independence, parts of the land fortifications were used in the Finnish Civil War. The coastal fortifications were later taken over by Finland to protect Helsinki, while the land fortifications were mostly abandoned and disarmed.
Background.
Sweden had ceded Grand Duchy of Finland to Russian Empire as the result of the Finnish War of 1808—1809 and along with it the fortress of Sveaborg, , the present day Suomenlinna. The fortress protected the southern Finland and became a naval base for the Russian Baltic Fleet. After the end of the Napoleonic Wars many new buildings were built to improve the living conditions on the fortress, but the fortifications were neglected. After the start of the Crimean War in 1853 construction of new fortifications began on the other nearby islands and on the southern shore of Helsinki peninsula. In 1854 an Anglo-French naval fleet entered the Baltic Sea, hastening the work. These fortifications protected the flanks of the fortress and provided depth to the defence, but the problem of obsolescent artillery was not solved. Thus when the fleet attacked the fortress on the 6th of August 1855 they were able to bombard the fortress for two days from a distance of while the best Russian guns had a maximum range of .
After Crimean War fortifications of Viapori were improved by building artillery casemates and new bomb-proof buildings. Vallisaari just east of Suomenlinna was the site of the first new construction works. The harsh suppression of the Polish January Uprising of 1863 and the resulting criticism soured the relationships between Russia and western Europe and hastened the fortification works. Between 1863 and 1864 redoubts were built on Vallisaari, Kuninkaansaari and Santahamina islands. In 1860s and 1870s Russia purchased and then built under license new Prussian Krupp rifled breech loading guns which were also used in Viapori. A total of 32 new bomb-proof stone powder cellars were built by the beginning of 1870s, further improving the defences. The Russo-Turkish War of 1877–1878 was the next crisis that threatened the peace between Russia and England, with new batteries being built at Viapori on Kuninkaansaari and older ones improved or rebuilt. New technology in the form of telegraph, railway lines and searchlights began to be used. Improvements in artillery and ammunition forced improving the gun positions by covering the old walls and fortifications with a thick earthen walls. With high-explosive shells appearing at the end of the 19th century earth and stone were no longer sufficient and first concrete fortifications with steel doors were built in Viapori. Continually improving guns resulted increased range, necessitating rangefinders, while heavier guns and ammunition required improving piers, roads, cranes and ammunition carts to transport the guns or move ammunition from magazines to guns. Despite the improvements the funds and resources allocated to the fortress were not sufficient to keep pace with the evolution of military technology. While parts of the fortress or were improved and new weapons or equipment were received, the overall condition of the fortress became ever more obsolescent, and the vulnerability of the flanks and rear were a lasting problem. By the end of 1880s and early 1890s Viapori could no longer be considered a proper fortress but only a coastal position, capable of defending only against an enemy coming directly from the sea. The primary role of the fortress became more one of internal politics, as it helped the Russians maintain control of Helsinki.
Krepost Sveaborg.
In the 1890s the priority of the fortification works in the Baltic Sea had been the protection of the ice-free port of Liepāja, and the Kronstadt fortress protecting Saint Petersburg, relegating Viapori to a secondary status. After the losses during the Russo-Japanese War and in light of the rising might of the Imperial German Navy, Liepāja was considered too vulnerable for a main fleet base, and the decision to build Peter the Great's Naval Fortress was made. In the new plans the main line of defence against the enemy was at the Porkkala-Tallinn line with Tallinn also the new main base for the Russian Baltic Fleet. Helsinki was to be a base for torpedo boat flotillas. The construction of the Tallinn naval base was delayed however, and with the new ships being constructed to replace the losses suffered against Japan the Russian Navy was forced to rely more on Helsinki despite the obsolete armament and inadequate fortifications at Viapori. As the threat of war in Europe grew, it became essential to expand the fortress to provide a necessary protection for the naval base. Until 1910, when the first 152 mm Canet guns arrived, the only modern weapons at Viapori were 57 mm quick fire guns with the rest of the artillery designs dating from the Russo-Turkish War. The first new 254 mm guns arrived in 1913, but it was not until early 1914 that construction of the first new batteries began on Melkki and Isosaari. During the First World War the new Krepost Sveaborg was built to substantially expand the old fortress. A new "main line of defence" was constructed on the outlying islands, pushing the defensive line several kilometers southward, thus providing a secure outer anchorage south of the old fortress for larger warships without the need to navigate the narrow straits leading to the inner anchorage at Kruunuvuorenselkä. The older parts of the fortress became a "second line of defence" and the main storage areas. The rear of the fortress was finally protected by land fortifications, at first field fortifications on the Helsinki peninsula built in 1914, and, later, an outer line of fixed fortifications.
Troops and organization.
At the start of the First World War Krepost Sveaborg was subordinated to the Russian 6th Army. In summer 1916 Krepost Sveaborg was subordinated to Baltic Fleet. At the start of the war Krepost Sveaborg was divided into three defensive areas, with the sea front forming one defensive area and the land front divided to Pasila and Laajasalo-Herttoniemi areas. The sea front was further divided into six sectors, with sectors 1-4 at the old fortress, sector 5 at Melkki and sector 6 at Isosaari. The sea front was divided into main line of defence from Melkki to Isosaari and second line of defence from Lauttasaari to Santahamina at the end of 1914. As the new batteries were constructed Melkki was relegated to second line of defence and Lauttasaari to land front in spring 1915. At the land front new defensive lines were constructed from 1915 onward further away from the city center. The new land front was divided into three sectors: eastern, northern and western. Krepost Sveaborg was also responsible for a larger fortification district that included coast line west of the fortress until Hanko.
At the start of the war the fortification artillery units manning the fortress were organized into nine artillery companies and a machine gun detachment. In April 1915 the fortification artillery units were reorganized into a single fortification artillery regiment with three battalions and a machine gun company. Four companies manned the coastal forts at sea front. In June 1916 the regiment was divided in two, with 1st regiment responsible for the seaward defence and the 2nd for the landward defence. Both regiments had ten companies in three battalions. The 1st regiment was divided into three defence detachments, with south-western and south-eastern detachments responsible for the main line of defence on the outlying islands with the newest guns, while the third detachment manned the second line on the old fortress. The artillery regiments had a common supply unit responsible for the weapons, ammunition, transportation between islands etc. A signals company built and maintained the communication lines. The minefields around the fortress were built by the Krepost Sveaborg mine company, from 1915 a mine battalion. In 1916 the fortress was reinforced by the mine battalion from Vladivostok fortress. Construction and engineering department of the fortress headquarters organized the construction works of the fortress with engineering and sapper units as well as the civilian workers.
Infantry units at the fortress manned the landward defences and provided detachments on the coastal forts for anti-landing and close defence duties. The peacetime Krepost Sveaborg fortress infantry regiment was reinforced by conscript units, which in 1915 were organized as the 427th and 428th infantry regiments to a new 107th infantry division which was sent to front line after a training period. In spring 1916 regiments from the new 116th division manned the fortress. At the autumn of 1916 units from different fortresses were brought to Krepost Sveaborg and organized into the 128th infantry division. In July 1917 the fortress was manned by the fortress infantry regiment and the 428th Lodeynoye Pole infantry regiment of the 128th division. In October 1917 the 128th was replaced by the 29th infantry division, badly mauled at the front and brought to Krepost Sveaborg for rest. At January-February 1918, when Finland gained its independence, Krepost Sveaborg had six infantry regiments: the 696th revolutionary regiment, the fortress infantry regiment and 113th, 114th, 115th and 116th regiments of the 29th infantry division.
Construction workers included Russian soldiers but also Finnish civilian workers and forced labour using prisoners transported from far east. Finns were exempt from conscription, and thus there was available manpower for fortification works. The payment for fortification works was slightly above average for manual labour, and made it an attractive option particularly for many rural workers. In 1915 when large scale construction of fortifications around Finland began Russians instituted a work responsibility for Finns based on wartime emergency law to obtain the necessary labour force. To ease the manpower shortage Russians brought convicted prisoners from far east to Finland in summer 1916 as forced labour. Approximately 2000-3000 men, including Chinese, Kyrgyz and Tatars, were employed as lumberjacks around Espoo and Sipoo. Kyrgyz were mainly guards. Asian workers were transported back to Russia already in 1917 however, citing the workers to be unaccustomed to the northern climate and possible threat of rebellion. The total number of workers in not known, but an estimated 10 000 to 15 000 men were used in construction works around Helsinki and up to 100 000 total in Finland. Complicated bureaucracy delayed the construction works, and the supervision of the works was also poor, leading to a widespread graft.
Armament.
Coastal guns.
The most powerful coastal guns used at Krepost Sveaborg were the 45 caliber model 1891 guns. They had a maximum range of but suffered from primitive mountings: the heavy guns, weighing , were completely hand-operated resulting in slow traverse and elevation rates and exhausting the gun crews. The rate of fire was only one shot every two minutes and they were also not capable of penetrating the armour of newer warships: at the range of they could penetrate of armour at 90° angle. First four guns were transported to the fortress in 1913 from Kronstadt fortress, two guns each from Constantin and Obrutshev forts. Twelve guns were transported from Vladivostok in 1914 and eight more arrived in 1915, with a total of 24 guns in six four-gun batteries. These guns formed the primary armament of the sea front main line of defence. The batteries were located on Rysäkari, Katajaluoto, Kuivasaari, Isosaari (two batteries) and Itä-Villinki.
The 45 caliber model 1892 guns supplemented the 10 inch guns of the sea front main line of defence. These guns were French Canet guns and had a maximum range of . Unlike the 10 inch guns, the 6 inch guns had a modern counter-recoil system and achieved a rate of fire of five shots per minute. The six inch guns were intended against destroyers and other smaller vessels. They were installed in four batteries of four guns each at the sea front on Miessaari, Harmaja, Isosaari and Santahamina. A fifth battery was under construction on the mainland at Skatanniemi cape. The guns for this battery arrived, bringing the total sea front number to twenty, but the construction was not completed before the war ended. Further seventeen guns on lower ship deck mountings with lower maximum elevation were used on the land front. The guns used at Krepost Sveaborg included both Russian Obukhov licence-produced guns and French Schneider guns.
The older heavy coastal artillery pieces, the and model 1867 and 1877 guns and the and model 1877 coastal mortars, were mostly transferred to land front or placed in reserve. Three batteries (twelve guns) of 11 inch model 1877 guns were used throughout the war at the sea front second line of defence at Kustaanmiekka, Kuninkaansaari and Vallisaari. At the start of the war 11 inch guns were also used at the main line of defence on Isosaari before 10 inch model 1891 guns replaced them. Two batteries of 11 inch coastal mortars remained in use until 1916 in Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari. The mortars were also capable of firing to the rear of the fortress and were intended to keep the citizens of Helsinki loyal. The heavy shells of the mortars were considered to have a "suitable moral effect" () on civilians. 22 caliber siege gun model 1877 was primarily an army weapon used on wheeled carriage on land front, but some guns mounted on fortification mounts were also used on sea front at the start of the war.
Light coastal guns used at Krepost Sveaborg included 57 mm Nordenfelt guns, fifteen guns at the beginning of the war and twenty by the end of the war. 50 caliber model 1892 Canet guns were similar to the six inch model 1892 gun. First of these guns arrived at 1914, and twelve coastal guns were used at Krepost Sveaborg, with an other eighth anti-aircraft gun versions with a 50° maximum elevation.
It was planned in 1916 to build four two-gun batteries of 52 caliber model 1907 guns at Krepost Sveaborg, but the work started in 1917 never progressed beyond building gun mount foundations and some ammunition and crew shelters. The batteries were to be built on the mainland, with guns in single open positions capable of firing on both land and sea targets. The batteries were located at Munkkiniemi, Haaga, Oulunkylä and Koskela. The 305 mm guns were used later to protect Helsinki however, as Finland built an armoured twin turret on Kuivasaari between 1931 and 1935 and two guns in open positions at Isosaari during the Second World War in 1941-1944.
Field guns.
Field guns were used on both the land front and as anti-landing and close defence weapons on the coastal forts. Gun models included both older fixed carriage guns and more modern weapons with counter-recoil systems. The most common models were the 6 inch siege gun model 1877 with a 190 pood version used on both field and fortress mounts and a lighter 120 pood barrel version on field carriage. 42 line () battery gun model 1877 and 34 line () light field gun model 1877 were other older field artillery pieces used at the fortress. 76 mm model 1902 gun was a newer rapid fire field gun with a counter recoil system. The 76 mm model 1902 gun was also used as an anti-aircraft gun on a modified "Rosenberg" mount. The land front weaponry also included a variety of smaller caliber anti-storming guns, caponier guns and other mixed artillery pieces. The reserve guns included different older models up to bronze-barrelled mortars.
Mines.
Naval mines were also used to protect Krepost Sveaborg from an attack from the sea. An outer line of contact mines was laid approximately outside the main line of defence. Shore detonated controlled mines were used to create an inner mine barrier to protect the entrances to the outer anchorage. These mines were laid typically in three rows with separation between rows and between mines in a row. Controlled mines required an extensive cabling system to the shore stations where the command to detonate the mines was given. Fortified electrical stations provided the necessary electricity for the mine control network. Electricity was also used for communication systems, searchlights, electrical ammunition lifts and in barracks and crew shelters.
Equipment.
Rangefinders.
Vertical based rangefinders, where the known base length is the height of the rangefinder from sea level, were first used at Viapori in the 1880s. Vertical based rangefinders required only one instrument, but they were susceptible to interference from vibration caused by firing of the guns. Vertical based rangefinders also required a substantially high measurement site that was a problem on the low islands. To measure distance with reasonable accuracy to a target away the rangefinder had to be at least 10 fathoms () and preferably 20 fathoms () high - often impossible to achieve. Measurement sites had usually the rangefinder on a stone or masonry column high lying on a granite foundation. The measurement pavilions had simple wooden walls and sheet metal roof protecting them from the elements and were in size. Vertical rangefinders were no longer used on the new forts built on the outer islands.
Distance measurement at the model 1891 batteries was based on horizontal triangulation from two different points, a primary and secondary, on separate islands. The rangefinders used were general von der Launitz's models 1903 and 1905-07. The average distance between the two points at Krepost Sveaborg was . Target information was sent from the primary point to the battery command point. If the primary point was located away from the battery or directing a different battery a rangefinder converter designed by colonel Kovanko was used to calculate the firing solution. A weakness in using two measurement points was that any malfunctions in either of the rangefinders or in the telephone system would render the system inoperable. Target indication between the primary and secondary points could also pose problems, as there would often be several similar target ships. The system was also not capable of measuring distances to targets in the rear of the battery; a maximum measurement sector was 140°.
On the smaller model 1892 Canet gun and anti-aircraft batteries wide Zeiss stereoscopic rangefinders were used. Maximum distance that could be reliably measured with three meter rangefinders was , while the maximum range of the six inch guns was . A single rangefinder was used by the commander of the artillery in a central fire control station at Kuivasaari. Six meter rangefinders were also planned for the 10 inch batteries later in the war but never obtained.
Searchlights.
Searchlights were first used at Viapori during the Russo-Turkish War in 1878, and they were originally intended for guarding the controlled mine barriers. During the First World War fortified searchlight positions were part of the coastal forts. The main line of defence had larger two searchlights at Rysäkari and Kuivasaari and an additional six smaller searchlights beside them and on the other islands. Miessaari 150 cm searchlight position was not completed during the war. In the second line 150 cm searchlights were used on Kuninkaansaari and Vallisaari, while other forts had or searchlights. Diesel generators provided the necessary electrical power to operate the searchlights. Searchlights were used in disappearing positions, where the searchlight was normally in a shelter and only exposed when needed for illumination. The disappearing positions had two types: either the searchlight was raised from the shelter by a lifting mechanism, or it was moved by rails from the shelter to position.
Communications.
Telephone and telegraph system linked the various parts of the fortress. Krepost Sveaborg had both a regular telephone system and a second, independent telephone network dedicated for fire control. The primary telephone exchange was located on Iso Mustasaari. The various island forts had their own telephone exchanges, while Kuivasaari and Isosaari had central coastal telephone exchanges with links to other main line of defence forts. The telephone cabels on main line of defence were usually buried, while second line used overhead lines. Besides telephone optical telegraphs, signal lamps and signal flags were also used.
Land front.
To protect Krepost Sveaborg and the naval base in particular from a German attack from land the fortifications were built to protect the fortress. The first fortifications were hastily built in 1914 to block access to the Helsinki peninsula and to guard the eastern flank of Laajasalo and Santahamina by a scarce line of fortifications at Ruskeasuo-Pasila-Käpylä-Koskela-Viikki-Herttoniemi-Roihuvuori. Lauttasaari, Meilahti and Laajasalo were also fortified to some extent. It was also planned to fortify Kulosaari and Vartiosaari. These first fortifications were field fortifications located from the city center, with the defence concentrated at fortified hilltop redoubts.
The basic front line fortifications were open or covered machine gun nests, rifle pits, observation posts and shelters. Most of the structures were designed to be covered with a concrete roof poured on wooden planks occasionally reinforced with railway tracks. Some of the positions were built with stone or logs. Many of the fortifications have been left uncovered however, built only to a point where adding the missing roof could be accomplished quickly. The basic fortified types are a type A square machine gun nest, type B square rifle or machine gun pit, type C rounded rifle or observation pit, type D oval rifle pit with several firing ports and types E and F large rifle positions for multiple shooters. There is considerable variation between individual structures among the basic types, with newer positions generally built larger and stronger.
Naval front.
Coastal fortifications on the naval front protected Krepost Sveaborg from an attack from the sea. During the war new fortifications were built on the outlying islands pushing the defences outward to protect the ships in the harbour from new modern guns. During the First World War the naval front of the fortress was modernized almost completely. The new gun batteries can be divided into four types: heavy long range batteries, close range batteries, anti-landing batteries equipped with field guns and anti-aircraft batteries which appeared during the war for the first time. The naval front was divided into six sectors at the start of the war with sectors 1-4 comprising the old fortress, sector 5 Isosaari and sector 6 Melkki. The central fire control post was located in Vallisaari. As the new coastal forts were completed the organization changed and the naval front was divided into two parts: an outer main line of defence from Melkki to Isosaari and an inner second line of defence from Lauttasaari to Santahamina. The naval front command post was located in Vallisaari and the main artillery command post in Kuivasaari.
The long range batteries of and guns included ten batteries with six 10 inch batteries and four 6 inch batteries, with one more under construction. The basic shape of the batteries is four guns in a row protected from the front by a concrete parapet of approximately thick with traversal walls between the gun positions. The batteries had no rear protection. Shelter for crew and ammunition cellars were built into and under the front parapet and the traversal walls. While the basic plan is similar, each battery is unique depending on the terrain. For the 10 inch guns the average distance between guns is , but on smaller island such as Katajaluoto the guns are only apart while the larger Isosaari battery (No 1) has guns apart. Similarly the 6 inch batteries have guns apart on average, but in the very cramped Harmaja battery the distance between guns is only and the battery is not built on straight line but in a crooked L-shape. Many batteries have an icon closet framed with granite.
Main line of defence.
The main line of defence was the outer seaward defence of Krepost Sveaborg. The main line of defence had the newest fortifications and the heaviest and most modern armament. At the end of the war, it comprised (from west to east): Miessaari and Pyöräsaari, Rysäkari, katajaluoto, Harmaja, Kuivasaari, Isosaari, Santahamina and Itä-Villinki islands and Skatanniemi cape. The living conditions on the small, exposed islands were often poor, and the food supply was arranged from the older parts of the fortification with a week's supply of canned food, sugar and other compact food products stored on the islands. Construction of bakeries on the outer forts began after the February revolution as a result of the demand of an artillery regiment committee formed by the soldiers.
Miessaari and Pyöräsaari.
Miessaari and the small Pyöräsaari formed the western reach of the naval front main line of defence. They are located near the coast of Espoo, and protected the coastal routes on the western flank of the fortress. Miessaari naval front battery number 40 had four Canet guns, while Pyöräsaari had two two-gun batteries of light 57 mm guns. Pyöräsaari was connected to Miessaari by a bridge in 1917. The construction of the Canet gun battery began in spring 1915, the guns were installed in May 1916 and the construction was mostly finished by early 1917, though some work on the interior shelters continued until summer 1917. Pyöräsaari 57 mm gun positions were quarried in late autumn 1915 and completed in June 1916. The islands also formed the seam between naval and land fronts, and Miessaari had also a land-facing battery number 115 of six 190 pood model 1877 siege guns, supporting the base XXXIV in Haukilahti-Westend area.
Rysäkari.
Rysäkari island had the westernmost 10-inch battery, and could command the western sea routes up to south-western shores of Porkkalanniemi peninsula. Construction of the battery located in the middle of the island began shortly after the war broke up, in October 1914. The guns, transported from Vladivostok, were installed by January 1915 and the entire battery with ammunition cellars and concrete command tower was finished in spring 1916. The island had two searchlights, larger 200 cm and a smaller 150 cm one.
Katajaluoto.
Katajaluoto island is a narrow, north-south oriented island located approximately half way on the line between Rysäkari and Harmaja. A 10-inch battery built on the widest part divides the island into northern and southern parts. The construction of the battery began in October 1914 and the guns were placed on their foundations in early 1915 with the parapet and traversal walls completed in autumn 1915. Katajaluoto battery is the narrowest of the 10-inch batteries. The northern shore of the island has a heavily fortified concrete bunker used as mine control bunker, telephone exchange and electrical station. The island had a 150 cm searchlight. There is also a unique fortified concrete latrine on the eastern shore.
Harmaja.
Harmaja is a small island with a lighthouse south of Suomenlinna between Katajaluoto and Kuivasaari. The island has been used as a pilot station and the current lighthouse was built in 1883. At the start of the war two guns were placed on the island. These were relocated in October 1914 when construction of a 6-inch Canet battery began. The small island did not have the necessary building materials, and sand, gravel and cement had to be brought in with barges. The guns were installed in February 1915 and the battery was finished in September 1916. Harmaja battery is the smallest of the long range batteries and the guns are not located in straight line but in an L-shaped formation. A breakwater surrounds the southern end of the island.
Kuivasaari.
Kuivasaari island is located west of Isosaari. Construction of a 6 inch Canet battery was planned in spring 1914, but the guns were located in Isosaari instead. After the war began construction of a 10 inch battery began on the western shore of the island. The guns, transported from Vladivostok, were placed on their foundations in February 1915 and the battery was finished in early winter of 1915. The main fire control station of the fortress with the only rangefinder was located in Kuivasaari. The island also had a 150 cm searchlight. Kuivasaari telephone exchange was also the central gunnery telephone exchange. A four-gun 75 mm anti-aircraft battery on wooden platforms was located on the northern part of the island.
Isosaari.
Isosaari is the largest of the outlying islands. The island's central location and size made it the most heavily armed coastal fort and it was part of the plans for expanding Krepost Sveaborg already in 1909. In May 1914 construction of four concrete fortified batteries began: one 10 inch battery, one 11 inch battery and two 6 inch batteries. The start of the war hastened the consctruction works that had progressed slowly, and three 10 inch guns were placed on temporary wooden platforms. The concrete batteries were finished by autumn 1915, but a change in plans resulted in the second 6-inch battery being located in Santahamina instead. In January 1916 work began to modify the 11-inch battery (battery number 2) for 10-inch guns, with the modifications complete in 1916. The first 10-inch battery is located on the south-western tip of the island, while the other two batteries are on the south-eastern shore. A 150 cm searchlight was located near the first 10-inch battery and a 200 cm searchlight near the two other batteries. A narrow gauge military railway was built on the island to transport supplies and ammunition.
Santahamina.
Santahamina was the largest single island in Krepost Sveaborg, and is located south of Laajasalo. Because of the size of the island Santahamina could be considered to belong to both main line of defence and the second line of defence. Santahamina was fortified during the Crimean War, and several gun batteries were built on the island during the decades between Crimean War and First World War. Most of the older guns, including eleven 6 inch 190 pood siege guns and thirteen 9 inch coastal mortars, were transported to the land front of the fortress shortly after the start of war. The remaining batteries were a 6 inch Canet battery, originally intended for Isosaari, at Itäniemi on the south-eastern part of the island and a 75 mm battery on the eastern shore. These batteries covered the sea east of Isosaari. Santahamina had a large garrison area and a substantial number of troops and supplies were located on the island.
Itä-Villinki.
Itä-Villinki is located just east of the larger Villinki island. The island was a summer house district and the land had to be expropriated from the owners. Resistance by the land owners delayed the process, and was still not fully complete by late 1916. Fortification works for an 11 inch battery began in April 1915, but the battery was changed to 10 inch guns in autumn of the same year. 10 inch battery is built on a rock hilltop at the centre of the island. In July 1915 construction of a smaller battery for 75 mm guns (originally planned for 57 mm guns) on the eastern tip of the island began.
Skatanniemi.
Skatanniemi peninsula in Uutela is the only place of the main line of defence on the mainland. Construction of a 6-inch Canet battery began in late 1916. The battery fortifications, the parapet and traversal walls, were finished but the command points and most other auxiliary structures were not. The guns had arrived at the battery but were never installed and were reported stored nearby on the shore and pier in 1918.
Second line of defence.
The second line of defence included the older parts of the fortress and contained most of the storage and supply areas and other rear line functions. The fighting power of the second line was limited to quick-firing 75 mm and 57 mm guns and old 11 inch cannons and mortars. The primary combat objective of the batteries on the second line was to prevent enemy ships from passing through Kustaanmiekansalmi or Särkänsalmi straits to the inner anchorage on Kruunuvuorenselkä. The second line included Lauttasaari, Melkki, Pihlajasaaret, Harakka, the central citadel at Suomenlinna, Lonna, Vallisaari, Kuninkaansaari, Nuottasaari and Vasikkasaari.
Lauttasaari.
Lauttasaari was fortified during the Crimean War, but had been disarmed in 1895. During the First World War the only battery was a land front battery number 116 at Vaskiniemi, armed with four model 1867 guns in March 1915. This battery supported base XXXVII located in southern Espoo at Tapiola—Otaniemi area. The only naval front connection Lauttasaari had was an unfinished searchlight station in Länsiulapanniemi and bakery constructed between 1916 and 1917 near the land front battery that was also used to supply the coastal forts on the nearby islands. Lauttasaari was officially delegated to land front already in spring 1915.
Melkki.
Melkki is located south of Lauttasaari. Construction of a 6 inch Canet battery and 11 inch model 1877 battery began in May 1914, but the work was halted after the war began. The Canet battery was relocated to Harmaja, and the 11 inch guns were used only for a short period on temporary wooden platforms. A 75 mm anti-aircraft battery was located on the island in October 1914. In summer 1916 the guns were removed and the island was turned over for use as part of the naval base harbour facilities with machine shops and a naval mine depot.
Pihlajasaaret.
Pihlajasaaret is a group of islands south of Jätkäsaari. In summer 1916 the 75 mm anti-aircraft battery on Melkki was relocated to Itäinen Pihlajasaari . The guns were on temporary wooden platforms, and the battery was relocated already in August as construction of new fortified concrete anti-aircraft positions and shelters began. The fortification work was completed but the guns were not installed before the war ended.
Harakka.
Harakka is located near the coast of Helsinki, south of Kaivopuisto. In the years before First World War the island had three batteries with five model 1867 guns, four 6 inch 190 pood guns and two 57 mm quick-firing guns. As the war began the 6 inch guns were relocated to the land front while the 9 inch guns were decommissioned and left in their positions. The two 57 mm guns and two more guns from Vallisaari were relocated to a new field fortified battery on the southern tip of the island. Additionally the island had 2-4 antiaircraft guns of 75 mm or during the war. The island had also a 110 cm searchlight.
The central citadel.
The central citadel of Krepost Sveaborg was formed on the old Swedish fortress of Sveaborg, modern Suomenlinna . It included the islands of Kustaanmiekka, Susisaari, Iso Mustasaari, Pikku Mustasaari, Länsi-Mustasaari, Särkkä and the skerry of Pormestarinluoto. Except for the smaller Särkkä and Pormestarinluoto the islands were connected by bridges or joined together. The islands housed the fortress commander and headquarters along with the main telephone exchange and the largest dry dock in Finland at the time. The citadel also had weapons and ammunition depots and other storage areas. Most of the fortification works were concentrated on other islands, and of the older armament only one battery of three 11 inch guns remained in active service in Kustaanmiekka island. To guard Kustaanmiekansalmi strait two batteries of 57 mm guns were built, one on Kustaanmiekka and one on Iso-Mustasaari island. A third battery of 57 mm guns on Länsi-Mustasaari guarded Särkänsalmi strait.
Lonna.
Lonna is a small island north of Iso Mustasaari that was used as the main naval mine depot of Krepost Sveaborg. The island had three masonry and one wooden mine storage magazines and workshops, living quarters and equipment storage for mine company ships. At the end of the war the magazines had nearly 500 mines stored with another 650 mines in the open.
Vallisaari, Kuninkaansaari and Nuottasaari.
Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari are located between Suomenlinna and Santahamina. The two islands were joined by a causeway across Kukisalmi strait at the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries. From the late 19th century until the First World War Vallisaari was the most heavily fortified island of the fortress. Construction of a 6 inch Canet battery on the island began in 1912, but the guns were relocated to the outer islands on the new main line of defence at the beginning of the war. Of the older guns a five-gun battery of 11 inch model 1877 guns and six-gun battery of 11 inch mortars were still used during the war. Two of the mortars were transported to the land front in early 1915, and the rest were decommissioned and abandoned on their positions in 1916. A six-gun battery of 6 inch model 1877 siege guns on fortress carriages were transported to the land front by the end of 1914. Newer artillery included two 57 mm guns that were replaced with four 75 mm guns in October 1914. Of the Kuninkaansaari batteries one four-gun battery of 11 inch model 1877 guns was kept in service. Two of the five 11 inch mortars were also in use until 1915. The rest of the guns - five 9 inch model 1867 guns, four 6 inch model 1877 siege guns, two (possibly four) 9 inch mortars and three 11 inch mortars were moved to the land front shortly after the start of the war. Both Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari had a 150 cm searchlight stations. Small Nuottasaari island north of Haminasalmi strait between Kuninkaansaari and Santahamina was armed with four 8 inch model 1867 guns in 1887, but the island had been disarmed by 1914.
Vasikkasaari.
Vasikkasaari was used as a fuel and ammunition depot of Krepost Sveaborg. The island is located in Kruunuvuorenselkä where the inner anchorage of the fortress was, between Suomenlinna, Santahamina and Laajasalo. Three large fuel oil tanks served the naval base and two smaller diesel tanks provided fuel for the mine company (later battalion) ships of the fortress. A pumping station powered by steam engine was connected to the tanks. Eight storage magazines housed weapons, ammunition, mines and torpedoes with a narrow gauge railway built on the island connecting them to the main pier. At the start of the war a 57 mm quick fire battery was located on the island, replaced by a 75 mm anti-aircraft battery in spring 1915. The anti-aircraft battery was relocated in summer 1916. A 90 cm searchlight was also located on the island.
Finnish Civil War.
Krepost Sveaborg never did see action against Germany in Russian hands. After the Russian revolution the treaty of Brest-Litovsk ended Russia's participation in the First World War. The treaty affirmed the independence of Finland and required Russian troops to leave from the country. Of the approximately 35 000 Russian soldiers and sailors who were around Helsinki in January 1918 most were demobilized and sent home or simply left by 15 March. Around one thousand joined the Finnish Red Guards in the Finnish Civil War. The Soviet leadership ordered Krepost Sveaborg headquarters to begin preparations to abandon the fortress and destroy what could not be evacuated in case it would fall into German hands. Some field guns were transported to Russia, but all the coastal guns were left. On 3 April 1918 German Baltic Sea Division landed in Hanko, after being requested by the White Senate of Vaasa to participate in the Finnish Civil War against the Reds. Russian Baltic fleet officers had made an agreement with the Germans allowing a safe departure for the warships and disarming the fortress. Most of the Russian ships left by mid-April, but the last ships left only in May-June 1918. The disarmament - removing locks from the guns, cutting the cables controlling the mines and destroying the mine control stations - had to be done in secret as an agreement between Soviet government and Finnish Red Guards had promised the latter all the fortifications. When the Germans arrived in Helsinki the Red Guard could only use some of the land front fortifications in Leppävaara and Ruskeasuo, and the Germans with a well equipped and trained numerically superior force quickly captured Helsinki between 11th and 13 April. The Russian guards ceded the coastal forts to Germans according the their agreement. The disarmament of Krepost Sveaborg, denying the Reds from using it, was used in White propaganda by how Allan Staffans had duped the Russians and removed the locks without authorization; but actually the disarmament occurred with the order of the fortress commander and with the knowledge of naval headquarters. On 12 May Krepost Sveaborg was renamed "Suomenlinna" to celebrate the new independency.
Later history.
After First World War the fortifications of Krepost Sveaborg were taken over by Finland. Most of the land front fortifications were disarmed, stripped of useful equipment and abandoned. Much of the land front fortifications with steel reinforcements were destroyed in the inter war period and the steel sold as scrap. During the Second World War an inventory of the land front fortifications was conducted regarding their usefulness, with the larger shelters quarried into the rock under particular interest as facilities for war industry, emergency hospitals or storage. Some of the land front shelters are still used as storage space. As settlement spread during the urbanization after the Second World War many of the fortifications were destroyed as new suburbs were constructed. The coastal fortifications were used by the Finnish coastal artillery to protect Helsinki. Most of the islands remained in military use and were thus spared from vandalism. All structures of the Krepost Sveaborg fortifications around Helsinki, both land and sea fronts, were declared protected historical sites by the Finnish National Board of Antiquities in 1971.
Present day condition.
While much of land front fortifications have been destroyed, many areas have been more or less preserved and some sections have been partly restored. In Vantaa Länsiniemi and Rajakylä areas have been cleared from rubbish and vegetation. In Espoo Laajalahti, Mäkkylä, Ormberget and Ruukinranta areas have also been cleared. In Helsinki trees threatening the structure of one of the older 1914 redoubts in Rajakallio have been cut, and the city planning department has made a plan regarding the maintenance of the cleared areas and restoring new ones. Of the coastal forts, all main line of defence islands except Pyöräsaari and Harmaja are still in military use and forbidden from civilians, and Harmaja is used by the Finnish Maritime Administration as a pilot station. A coastal artillery museum has been built on Kuivasaari and the island is no longer in active military use, but still officially restricted area. Visitors are allowed but only in organized tours. It is planned to transfer Kuivasaari, together with Rysäkari, into civilian authorities. Skatanniemi cape is the only area of the main line of defence that is easily visited. The central citadel of Suomenlinna is a major tourist attraction and UNESCO World Heritage Site with regular ferry connection. The islands of Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari are also currently being transferred to civilian authorities, with military tentatively scheduled to leave the islands by 2012. Pihlajasaaret is a Helsinki city recreation area open to public with regular ferry connection during summertime. Vasikkasaari and Lonna are also civilian areas open to visit, but more difficult to reach.

</doc>
<doc id="21639908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639908" title="Alain Lemercier">
Alain Lemercier

Alain Lemercier (born January 11, 1957 in Flers, Orne) is a retired male race walker from France, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics (1988 and 1992) during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21639923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639923" title="NH 33">
NH 33

NH 33 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21639964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639964" title="2009 Seattle Sounders FC season">
2009 Seattle Sounders FC season

The 2009 season was Seattle Sounders FC's debut in Major League Soccer. The inaugural game was on March 19, 2009 at Qwest Field in Seattle, Washington against the New York Red Bulls. Sounders FC beat the Red Bulls 3–0 in front of a sell-out crowd.
On August 5, 2009, Sounders FC set a stadium and Washington record for most people watching a soccer game against FC Barcelona with an attendance of 66,848.
Background.
In a press conference on November 13, 2007, it was announced that the city of Seattle was awarded an MLS expansion team. In 2008, Sounders FC developed the Starfire Sports Complex in Tukwila and the USL team played most of the 2008 season at the updated facility. At the time, the USL team's management thought that practicing and playing at Starfire could provide more continuity and a smoother transition for those hoping to play for the new MLS franchise.
In early December 2008, Seattle Sounders FC reportedly offered a coaching contract to Sigi Schmid, who led the Los Angeles Galaxy to a MLS Cup in 2002 and the Columbus Crew to a MLS Cup in 2008. However, before Schmid could respond to the contract offer, the ownership of the Columbus Crew filed a tampering complaint with the MLS that put the offer on hold. The Crew's ownership contested that Schmid had communicated with Sounders FC during the 2008 season despite being denied permission and that he shared confidential information with Sounders FC after leaving the Crew. The MLS ruled that no tampering occurred, but ordered Sounders FC to financially compensate the Crew before signing Schmid. Sounders FC officially introduced Schmid as their first coach on December 16. It was later announced that former USL Sounders head coach Brian Schmetzer would be retained as the top assistant coach and Tom Dutra as the goalkeeper coach. Retired Major League Soccer veteran defender Ezra Hendrickson joined the Sounders as an assistant coach in January, 2009. Former MLS player and Everett, Washington, native Chris Henderson was named technical director on January 24, 2008. Joining Henderson in the front office is longtime Seattle Seahawks VP Gary Wright as the senior vice president of business operations. Drew Carey was named the chairman of the Membership Association.
Signings and drafts.
Seattle Sounders FC was given first negotiation rights to any player that was not drafted in the 2008 MLS SuperDraft and joined the USL Sounders for the 2008 season. The team was also allowed to promote as many players from the 2008 USL Sounders squad as they'd chose, as long as the player's rights were not controlled by another team. Seattle Sounders FC officially announced the 2007 USL First Division MVP and former USL Sounder Sébastien Le Toux as its first signing on May 7, 2008. On August 14, 2008, the Sounders announced in a press conference their second signing for the 2009 season, former United States men's national team goalkeeper Kasey Keller, a Washington native. On September 5, 2008, Seattle Sounders FC announced the third signee for the franchise to be Sanna Nyassi from Gambia. Nyassi, a 19-year-old midfielder, was a member of the Gambia U-20 national team at the 2007 FIFA Championship. Sanna’s twin brother, Sainey Nyassi, was signed by the Revolution and is a regular starter in MLS this season. On October 28, 2008, it was officially announced that the Sounders had signed Swedish midfielder Fredrik Ljungberg using the Designated Player Rule. He signed a two-year contract reported to be worth $2.5 million per season.
Team building continued with the 2008 MLS Expansion Draft and the 2009 MLS SuperDraft. In the expansion draft, held on November 26, 2008, Seattle Sounders FC selected the following players from other MLS teams: Nate Jaqua (Houston), Brad Evans (Columbus), Stephen King (Chicago), Jeff Parke (RBNY), James Riley (San Jose), Khano Smith (New England), Jarrod Smith (Toronto FC), Nathan Sturgis (Real Salt Lake), Peter Vagenas (LA Galaxy) and Tyson Wahl (Kansas City). As the 2009 expansion team Sounders FC was given the first pick in each round of the SuperDraft. With the number one pick of the first round of the draft, Seattle Sounders FC selected University of Akron forward Steve Zakuani. As the first picks of the second round (16th overall), third round (31st overall), and fourth round (46th overall), Seattle selected Wake Forest University defender Evan Brown, Azusa Pacific University defender Jared Karkas, and Harvard University midfielder/forward Michael Fucito respectively.
The team continued to be adjusted during training camp. After being selected in the expansion draft defender Jeff Parke, instead of reporting for training camp, left for Belgium where he intended to try out for two teams there. During the second week of training camp Sounders FC traded a conditional draft pick to Houston in order to acquire defender Patrick Ianni who had previously worked with Seattle's coach Schmid when he coached the under-20 US national team. Later, in February 2009, after training camp had started, Seattle traded allocation money to Toronto FC in exchange for Tyrone Marshall in order to increase their depth on defense. That same week, the Sounders traded away midfielder Khano Smith (whom they had selected in the expansion draft) to Red Bull New York for allocation money. As training camp concluded, defender Jeff Parke returned from Europe to train with Sounders FC. After training with the club for less than a week, Parke was unable to reach a contract agreement and left Seattle to train with the Vancouver Whitecaps of the USL.
Review.
Preseason.
Seattle's preseason was broken up into four stages. The team started in southern California, then moved back to the Northwest, then to Argentina, and then finished back in Seattle. On February 9, 2009 in their first ever exhibition game, Sounders FC beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3–1 on a practice field beside The Home Depot Center in Carson, California. Fredy Montero, Roger Levesque and Sanna Nyassi all scored goals in the win. The next day, Sounders FC had their second training match in Ventura, California against Chinese club Shandong Luneng. They won 2–0 with both goals provided by midfielder Sanna Nyassi. The following day, February 11, Sounders FC defeated the Ventura County Fusion of the USL Premier Development League 6–1 in their third preseason match in three days. Steve Zakuani and Nate Jaqua both scored two goals while Fredy Montero and Roger Levesque added one each. On February 14, Sounders FC experienced their first loss of the preseason falling 3–2 to the San Jose Earthquakes while playing on the campus of California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California. Fredy Montero scored both of the Sounders FC goals in the loss.
Following their activities in southern California, Sounders FC's returned to the Pacific Northwest to continue their training. On the evening of February 20, 2009, Sounders FC defeated the University of Portland Pilots 4–1. Nate Jaqua and Kasey Keller received a pregame ovation because they both had played collegiate soccer with the Pilots. Jaqua, along with trialist Jeff Clark, Fredy Montero, and Brad Evans scored goals for Seattle. Two days later, the club played their first preseason match at Qwest Field as they defeated the Vancouver Whitecaps 4–0. Forwards Nate Jaqua and Fredy Montero scored two goals apiece.
Next the club traveled to Buenos Aires, Argentina where they continued training and played 4 more preseason matches. Seattle played the first of these matches against Estudiantes de La Plata on February 27, who they lost to 1–3. On February 28, Sounders FC had their first tie of the preseason, 1–1 against CED, a team made up of local free agent players. The club defeated Argentine second division opponents Tristán Suárez 5–0. Michael Fucito, Fredy Montero, Brad Evans and Zach Scott and Sebastian Le Toux all scored in the victory. One day later, due to heavy rain, an exhibition match against Gimnasia La Plata was canceled. In the club's final preseason match in Argentina, they faced reserve players of River Plate on March 5. They were held scoreless by River Plate with a final score of 1–0.
After completing training exercises in Argentina, the club returned to Seattle for the remainder of the preseason. On March 9, Designated Player Freddie Ljungberg joined practice for the first time. Ljungberg had missed most of the preseason due to hip surgery he had undergone in December. On March 12, Sounders FC played their final preseason match against the Colorado Rapids of the MLS at Qwest Field. Seattle lost 1–0 on a penalty kick by Colorado's Conor Casey. Seattle finished preseason exhibition play with a record of 7 wins, 3 losses, and 1 tie.
March.
Prior to the first game of the season, all 22,000 season ticket packages offered by the team were sold, giving the team the most season ticket holders in Major League Soccer. On March 19, Seattle Sounders FC began their first regular season with a 3–0 win over the New York Red Bulls. Fredy Montero scored the first regular season goal in team history, finishing a movement from Sebastien Le Toux and Osvaldo Alonso in the 12th minute. Montero assisted Brad Evans' goal, and also scored the team's third goal. Kasey Keller, a veteran American goalkeeper who had played his entire career abroad, made his MLS debut at 39 years of age, and made two saves to register the team's first regular season shutout.
On March 24 Seattle signed Kevin Forrest as a Senior Developmental player after he was released by Colorado. On March 28 Sounders FC continued the success of their fast start with a second consecutive home shutout, defeating Real Salt Lake 2–0. Designated player Freddie Ljungberg made his first regular season appearance as a substitute in the 61st minute of play. Nate Jaqua scored in the 17th minute, and Fredy Montero scored his league leading third goal of the season in the 77th minute.
March saw Montero winning "Player of the Week" honors for week 1 and Keller for week 2. Montero won "Goal of the Week" for the first two games and was named the "Player of the Month".
April.
After their first two victories at home, Sounders FC played their first away game in history against Toronto FC. The Sounders expected a challenging away environment but were victorious were able to win in another 2–0 shutout. Montero missed the match due to illness. Soon after, reports out of Seattle linked Montero to a sexual assault case with an unidentified woman. In a statement made by Sounders publicist, Montero asserted that the allegations stemmed from a disagreement in which he sought to end the relationship. and a police inquiry resulted in no charges being filed.
After winning their first three games, Seattle Sounders FC suffered their first competitive loss at home against the Kansas City Wizards. Kasey Keller was sent off in the 29th minute for a handball outside the 18-yard box, as the Sounders fell 1–0 to the Wizards. The following week they lost at Chivas USA. Chris Eylander was scored on twice while covering the goal during Keller's suspension. The Sounders again failed to score.
The Sounders returned to their winning ways in a 2–0 home win versus the San Jose Earthquakes.
April 28 was the beginning of the team's Open Cup campaign. Schmid asserted that the competition was important and won the first of two qualifying rounds 4 – 1 against Real Salt Lake. The Sounders have played home games at the Starfire Sports Complex in Tukwila. The facility is older and smaller than Qwest Field but the Sounders say the atmosphere is better for smaller cup matches.
May.
The following 5 weeks the Sounders managed to gain 5 points in the standings as they tied each game. First, a 1–1 tie at the Chicago Fire in which striker Fredy Montero was sent off in the 48th minute for an elbow to the face of Gonzalo Segares while both players went up for a ball in the air. Then another 1–1 tie the next week at home against the Los Angeles Galaxy in which yet another red card was issued, to James Riley this time, in the 57th minute for a "phantom blow" to Mike Magee as the two got into a scrum. Two more away ties followed, first against FC Dallas 1–1 and then another at Colorado, 2–2. Ljungberg missed three games during this period due to migraine headaches. May 31, 2009 Sounders FC then returned home for their 5th consecutive tie in league play, this time 1–1 against the Columbus Crew in which Tyrone Marshal was ejected in the 92nd minute when he threw what the referee believed was a punch at Steven Lenhart in retaliation for an elbow. The Sounders accumulated another three yellow cards throughout the match. Jaqua's goal received Goal of the Week honors.
On May 26, the Sounders qualified for the U.S. open Cup by defeating the Colorado Rapids 1–0 at Starfire.
June.
Seattle started June with a 1–0 loss at Chivas. Their penalty woes continued as Jhon Kennedy Hurtado accumulated his fifth yellow card and Nate Jaqua received two yellow cards resulting in them both being suspended for the next game. After the first 12 games of the season, Sounders FC were in 5th place overall and were tied for the league lead with 5 red card ejections and 6 disciplinary suspensions.
On June 13, in a rematch with San Jose, Sounders FC began a stretch where 4 of their next 5 games would be played in front of their home crowd at Qwest Field. The match was the first to be counted for the supporter sponsored Heritage Cup. Ljungberg and Montero both scored as the Sounders prevailed with a 2–1 victory.
On June 10 Lamar Neagle was signed as a Senior Developmental player on the official roster.
On June 17, the Sounders blew a 3–1 lead to tie against DC United by a score of 3–3. The match was the sixth draw in eight regular season matches. They drew again with a goal a piece at New York the following week.
In week 23, the Sounders defeated the Rapids who had been undefeated in the previous eight games. Jaqua set up the first goal by Montero. Jaqua then scored twice off of assists from Montero to end the game 3–0. Jaqua's performance earned Goal of the Week and Player of the Week.
July.
On July 1, Sounders FC traveled to Portland and eliminated the Timbers of the USL in the third round of the U.S. Open Cup. The game was played in front of an emotionally charged sold out crowd. Roger Levesque — a player Portland fans have had a particular dislike for – scored Seattle's first goal within the opening minute. The following week, in a quarterfinal match, Sounders FC defeated visiting Kansas City on a penalty kick in the 89th minute by Sebastien Le Toux.
It was announced in early July that the Sounders had signed left-footed Costa Rican defender Leonardo González to help at the left back position. The position had been a weak spot in Seattle's defense and filled by three separate players throughout the season.
On July 11, the Sounders hosted the Houston Dynamo at Qwest Field. Brian Schmetzer filled in for Schmid who was at his son's wedding. Ianni scored his first goal of the season on bicycle kick that would earn him the MLS goal of the Week. On the following Tuesday, the Sounders defeated the Dynamo at Strfire in the U.S. Open Cup semifinals. Houston led when Jaqua scored in the 89th minute. King scored a goal five minutes into extra time, thus sending the Sounders FC to the Open Cup finals against D.C. United.
On July 18, 2009 the Seattle Sounders lost 0–2 in a friendly with Chelsea. All sections of the stadium were open and sold out with a crowd of 65,289 in attendance. The game was the first with the team for Chelsea's new manager, Carlo Ancelotti, and their new forward Daniel Sturridge.
Seattle finished July at home with a scoreless draw against Chicago. The Fire went a man down in the 54th minute but Ljungberg was ejected minutes later after protesting a yellow card for what the referee saw as diving in the penalty area.
Keller and Ljungberg were named to the 2009 MLS All-Star Game by votes from fans. Ljungberg lead the MLS in total votes. Hurtado and Montero were later selected for the game held on July 29. Ljungberg missed the final shot in the loss which was decided by penalty kicks. He was later hospitalized due to another migraine.
August.
On August 2, the Sounders were shut out 4–0 by last-place San Jose. Riley received a red card in the 39th minute while the Earthquakes scored three times in the second half. Although Seattle had won the previous two matches, San Jose won the Heritage Cup by goal differential since the first game was not included in the supporter created competition.
In the second international friendly of the season the Sounders lost against FC Barcelona 0–4 on August 5. The attendance set the state's record for a soccer match at 66,848. Thierry Henry compared the crowd to those in Europe and called the fans "amazing". Schmid expressed his hope that the fans were not disappointed by the loss and said "I hope they realize they got to watch a great team".
On August 8, Sounders FC received their third straight shutout in regular season play in a 1–0 loss at Salt Lake. Schmidt called it "a silly loss".
At Los Angeles on August 15, Seattle won for the first time on the road since April 4. Along with the Marshall, the match saw the Galaxy's Beckham and Lewis ejected in a two-goal shutout. Zakuani won Goal of the Week for his goal made after a run into the box and cross from Evans.
Seattle lost at New England 1–0. Ljungberg did not travel with the team due to what would be diagnosed as hypoglycemia.
September.
When DC United won the US Soccer bidding process to host the tournament's final match, Sounders FC general manager Adrian Hanauer expressed skepticism that DC's bid to host the final had been better than the Seattle bid. He further noted that if Seattle had hosted the match, it likely would have sold out. This prompted a pointed reply from DC United president Kevin Payne in which he argued that DC United had won the bidding process fairly and that he was offended by Hanauer's comments. On the heels of this public disagreement, DC United launched a marketing campaign to sell more tickets to the match which included a web site heralding the club's history of titles as an original MLS franchise, WeWinTrophies.com; an open letter placed in local newspapers declaring that D.C. fans set the standard for support in the league and that Sounders FC and its fans did not think D.C. deserved to host; videos on the team's official blog from local celebrities urging fans to attend and ticket and concession specials for the game. On September 2, 2009 the US Open Cup final was played in Washington DC's RFK Stadium. Sounders FC prevailed 2–1 becoming the second MLS expansion team in league history (Chicago being the first) to win the Cup in their inaugural MLS season.
Squad.
Statistics are from all MLS matches. Ages are as of March 19, 2009 (the date of their season opener).
Source: MLSNet.com Sounders FC Stats. Last updated: October 4, 2009.
Goalkeepers
Transfers.
In
Out
Recognition.
US Open Cup
MLS Player of the Week
MLS Player of the Month
MLS Goal of the Week
MLS Save of the Week
Golden scarf recipients
Before each home game, Sounders FC honors a member of the community or special guest with a Golden Scarf.

</doc>
<doc id="21639978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21639978" title="Joseph McDowell House">
Joseph McDowell House

The Joseph McDowell House is a historic house and museum located in Marion, North Carolina. It was the home of Colonel Joseph McDowell, the founder and namesake of McDowell County. It is currently undergoing extensive renovations, and is closed to the public.
History
The McDowell House was built in 1787, and is one of the oldest surviving frame houses in western North Carolina. Along with the nearby Carson House, it is an important piece of McDowell County history, and is currently in the process of major restoration.
Built by Colonel Joseph McDowell, an American Revolutionary War hero who fought at the Battle of Kings Mountain. Joseph McDowell was a member of the Overmountain Men, traveling with Col. Charles McDowell’s regiment to the Watauga settlements in September, 1780 and on to Kings Mountain in pursuit of British Major Patrick Ferguson’s Loyalist regime. McDowell County is named in his honor. It is the last standing home place in North Carolina for which a county was named. In addition to fighting at the Battle of Kings Mountain, Colonel McDowell served in the 3rd U.S. Congress of 1793-95. He was a son of "Hunting" John McDowell, who received a Royal Land Grant from Governor Tryon on December 22, 1767 for on the Catawba River, a portion of which is the site of this home.
The McDowell House was identified in the 1982 Comprehensive Management Plan for the Overmountain Victory National Historic Trail as one of only 34 non-federal historical resources which are directly or indirectly related to the Trail. In early 2008, the home and grounds were purchased and steps are being taken to create a restoration and use plan. Also in 2008, the McDowell House was officially added to the Overmountain Victory Historic Trail.
Joseph McDowell Historical Catawba Greenway
Construction of the Joseph McDowell Historical Catawba Greenway was completed in Summer 2010 and Phase I opened to the public in September 2010. Phase I of the Greenway offers a one-mile recreational trail, picnic area, fishing pier, wildlife observation deck, and access to the Little Round Hill Trail. Phase II of the Greenway will extend from the end of Phase I to the McDowell House property and beyond. Upon completion, this historic home will continue to serve to interpret the McDowell family history, the history of McDowell County and provide access to the greenway and canoe launch and nature park area.

</doc>
<doc id="21640014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21640014" title="Kalkudah Electoral District">
Kalkudah Electoral District

Kalkudah Electoral District was an electoral district of Sri Lanka between August 1947 and February 1989. The district was named after the town of Kalkudah in Batticaloa District, Eastern Province. The 1978 Constitution of Sri Lanka introduced the proportional representation electoral system for electing members of Parliament. The existing 160 mainly single-member electoral districts were replaced with 22 multi-member electoral districts. Kalkudah electoral district was replaced by the Batticaloa multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the PR system, though Kalkudah continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Elections.
1947 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 1st parliamentary election held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947:
1952 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 2nd parliamentary election held between 24 May 1952 and 30 May 1952:
1956 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 3rd parliamentary election held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956:
1960 (March) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 4th parliamentary election held on 19 March 1960:
1960 (July) Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 5th parliamentary election held on 20 July 1960:
1965 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 6th parliamentary election held on 22 March 1965:
1970 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 7th parliamentary election held on 27 May 1970:
1977 Parliamentary General Election.
Results of the 8th parliamentary election held on 21 July 1977:

</doc>
<doc id="21640021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21640021" title="Lauterbornia">
Lauterbornia

Lauterbornia is a genus of midges in the bloodworm family (Chironomidae). Members of this genus live in cold water lakes in stenothermal or limited temperature change areas. "Lauterbornia coracin" is known for inhabiting oligotrophic or nutrient-depleted cold lake waters in the Northern Hemisphere.

</doc>
