<doc id="21556842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556842" title="Photographic film">
Photographic film

Photographic film is a strip or sheet of transparent plastic film base coated on one side with a gelatin emulsion containing microscopically small light-sensitive silver halide crystals. The sizes and other characteristics of the crystals determine the sensitivity, contrast and resolution of the film.
The emulsion will gradually darken if left exposed to light, but the process is too slow and incomplete to be of any practical use. Instead, a very short exposure to the image formed by a camera lens is used to produce only a very slight chemical change, proportional to the amount of light absorbed by each crystal. This incipient chemical reaction creates an latent image in the emulsion. Although invisible to the eye, this latent image can be amplified via the process called development into a visible and permanent image, the photograph. 
In addition to visible light, all films are sensitive to X-rays and high-energy particles. Many are at least slightly sensitive to invisible ultraviolet (UV) light. Some special-purpose films are sensitive into the infrared (IR) region of the spectrum.
In black-and-white photographic film there is usually one layer of silver salts. When the exposed grains are developed, the silver salts are converted to metallic silver, which blocks light and appears as the black part of the film negative.
Color film has at least three sensitive layers. Dyes, which adsorb to the surface of the silver salts, make the crystals sensitive to different colors. Typically the blue-sensitive layer is on top, followed by the green and red layers. During development, the exposed silver salts are converted to metallic silver, just as with black-and-white film. But in a color film, the by-products of the development reaction simultaneously combine with chemicals known as color couplers that are included either in the film itself or in the developer solution to form colored dyes. Because the by-products are created in direct proportion to the amount of exposure and development, the dye clouds formed are also in proportion to the exposure and development. Following development, the silver is converted back to silver salts in the "bleach step". It is removed from the film in the "fix step". Fixing leaves behind only the formed color dyes, which combine to make up the colored visible image.
Modern color films, like Kodacolor II, have as many as 12 emulsion layers, with upwards of 20 different chemicals in each layer.
Due to film photography's long history of widespread use, there are now around one trillion pictures on photographic film or photographic paper in the world, enough to cover an area of around ten thousand square kilometres (4000 square miles), about half the size of Wales.
Film basics.
There are several types of photographic film, including:
In order to produce a usable image, the film needs to be exposed properly. The amount of exposure variation that a given film can tolerate while still producing an acceptable level of quality is called its exposure latitude. Color print film generally has greater exposure latitude than other types of film. Additionally, because print film must be printed to be viewed, after-the-fact corrections for imperfect exposure are possible during the printing process.
The concentration of dyes or silver salts remaining on the film after development is referred to as optical density, or simply density; the optical density is proportional to the logarithm of the optical transmission coefficient of the developed film. A dark image on the negative is of higher density than a more transparent image.
Most films are affected by the physics of silver grain activation (which sets a minimum amount of light required to expose a single grain) and by the statistics of random grain activation by photons. The film requires a minimum amount of light before it begins to expose, and then responds by progressive darkening over a wide dynamic range of exposure until all of the grains are exposed and the film achieves (after development) its maximum optical density.
Over the active dynamic range of most films, the density of the developed film is proportional to the logarithm of the total amount of light to which the film was exposed, so the transmission coefficient of the developed film is proportional to a power of the reciprocal of the brightness of the original exposure. This effect is due to the statistics of grain activation: as the film becomes progressively more exposed, each incident photon is less likely to impact a still-unexposed grain, yielding the logarithmic behavior. A simple, idealized statistical model yields the equation , where "light" is proportional to the number of photons hitting a unit area of film, "k" is the probability of a single photon striking a grain (based on the size of the grains and how closely spaced they are), and "density" is the proportion of grains that where hit by at least one photon.
If parts of the image are exposed heavily enough to approach the maximum density possible for a print film, then they will begin losing the ability to show tonal variations in the final print. Usually those areas will be considered overexposed and will appear as featureless white on the print. Some subject matter is tolerant of very heavy exposure; for example sources of brilliant light such as a light bulb or the sun generally appear best as a featureless white on the print.
Likewise, if part of an image receives less than the beginning threshold level of exposure, which depends upon the film's sensitivity to light—or speed—the film there will have no appreciable image density, and will appear on the print as a featureless black. Some photographers use their knowledge of these limits to determine the optimum exposure for a photograph; for one example, see the Zone System. Most automatic cameras instead try to achieve a particular average density.
Film speed.
Film speed describes a film's threshold sensitivity to light. The international standard for rating film speed is the ISO scale which combines both the ASA speed and the DIN speed in the format ASA/DIN. Using ISO convention film with an ASA speed of 400 would be labeled 400/27°. A fourth naming standard is GOST, developed by the Russian standards authority. See the film speed article for a table of conversions between ASA, DIN, and GOST film speeds.
Common film speeds include ISO 25, 50, 64, 100, 160, 200, 400, 800, 1600, and 3200. Consumer print films are usually in the ISO 100 to ISO 800 range. Some films, like Kodak's Technical Pan, are not ISO rated and therefore careful examination of the film's properties must be made by the photographer before exposure and development. ISO 25 film is very "slow", as it requires much more exposure to produce a usable image than "fast" ISO 800 film. Films of ISO 800 and greater are thus better suited to low-light situations and action shots (where the short exposure time limits the total light received). The benefit of slower film is that it usually has finer grain and better color rendition than fast film. Professional photographers of static subjects such as portraits or landscapes usually seek these qualities, and therefore require a tripod to stabilize the camera for a longer exposure. Photographing subjects such as rapidly moving sports or in low-light conditions, a professional will choose a faster film.
A film with a particular ISO rating can be push-processed, or "pushed", to behave like a film with a higher ISO, by developing for a longer amount of time or at a higher temperature than usual. More rarely, a film can be "pulled" to behave like a "slower" film. Pushing generally coarsens grain and increases contrast, reducing dynamic range, to the detriment of overall quality. Nevertheless, it can be a useful tradeoff in difficult shooting environments, if the alternative is no usable shot at all.
History of film.
Early photography in the form of Daguerreotypes did not use film at all. The light-sensitive chemicals were formed on the surface of a silver-plated copper sheet. The alternative calotype process produced paper negatives. Beginning in the 1850s, thin glass plates coated with photographic emulsion became the standard medium. Although fragile and heavy, the glass used for photographic plates was of better optical quality than early transparent plastics and was, at first, less expensive. Plates continued to be used long after the introduction of film, and are still manufactured for scientific use.
Hurter and Driffield began pioneering work on the light sensitivity of photographic emulsions in 1876. Their work enabled the first quantitative measure of film speed to be devised.
The first flexible photographic roll film was marketed by George Eastman in 1885, but this original "film" was actually a coating on a paper base. As part of the processing, the image-bearing layer was stripped from the paper and transferred to a hardened gelatin support. The first transparent plastic roll film followed in 1889. It was made from highly flammable nitrocellulose ("celluloid"), now usually called "nitrate film".
Although cellulose acetate or "safety film" had been introduced by Kodak in 1908, at first it found only a few special applications as an alternative to the hazardous nitrate film, which had the advantages of being considerably tougher, slightly more transparent, and cheaper. The changeover was not completed for X-ray films until 1933, and although safety film was always used for 16 mm and 8 mm home movies, nitrate film remained standard for theatrical 35 mm motion pictures until it was finally discontinued in 1951.
Spectral sensitivity.
Early photographic plates and films were usefully sensitive only to blue, violet and ultraviolet light. As a result, the relative tonal values in a scene registered roughly as they would appear if viewed through a piece of deep blue glass. Blue skies with interesting cloud formations photographed as a white blank. Any detail visible in masses of green foliage was due mainly to the colorless surface gloss. Bright yellows and reds appeared nearly black. Most skin tones came out unnaturally dark, and uneven or freckled complexions were exaggerated. Photographers sometimes compensated by adding in skies from separate negatives that had been exposed and processed to optimize the visibility of the clouds, by manually retouching their negatives to adjust problematic tonal values, and by heavily powdering the faces of their portrait sitters.
In 1873, Hermann Wilhelm Vogel discovered that the spectral sensitivity could be extended to green and yellow light by adding very small quantities of certain dyes to the emulsion. The instability of early sensitizing dyes and their tendency to rapidly cause fogging initially confined their use to the laboratory, but in 1883 the first commercially dye-sensitized plates appeared on the market. These early products, described as "isochromatic" or "orthochromatic" depending on the manufacturer, made possible a more accurate rendering of colored subject matter into a black-and-white image. Because they were still disproportionately sensitive to blue, the use of a yellow filter and a consequently longer exposure time were required to take full advantage of their extended sensitivity.
In 1894, the Lumière Brothers introduced their Lumière Panchromatic plate, which was made sensitive, although very unequally, to all colors including red. New and improved sensitizing dyes were developed, and in 1902 the much more evenly color-sensitive Perchromo panchromatic plate was being sold by the German manufacturer Perutz. The commercial availability of highly panchromatic black-and-white emulsions also accelerated the progress of practical color photography, which requires good sensitivity to all the colors of the spectrum for the red, green and blue channels of color information to all be captured with reasonable exposure times.
However, all of these were glass-based plate products. Panchromatic emulsions on a film base were not commercially available until the 1910s and did not come into general use until much later. Many photographers who did their own darkroom work preferred to go without the seeming luxury of sensitivity to red—a rare color in nature and uncommon even in man-made objects—rather than be forced to abandon the traditional red darkroom safelight and process their exposed film in complete darkness. Kodak's popular Verichrome black-and-white snapshot film, introduced in 1931, remained a red-insensitive orthochromatic product until 1956, when it was replaced by Verichrome Pan. Amateur darkroom enthusiasts then had to handle the undeveloped film by the sense of touch alone.
Color.
Experiments with color photography began almost as early as photography itself, but the three-color principle underlying all practical processes was not set forth until 1855, not demonstrated until 1861, and not generally accepted as "real" color photography until it had become an undeniable commercial reality in the early 20th century. Although color photographs of good quality were being made by the 1890s, they required special equipment, long exposures, complex printing or display procedures and highly specialized skills, so they were then exceedingly rare.
The first practical and commercially successful color "film" was the Lumière Autochrome, a glass plate product introduced in 1907. It was expensive and not sensitive enough for hand-held "snapshot" use. Film-based versions were introduced in the early 1930s and the sensitivity was later improved. These were "mosaic screen" additive color products, which used a simple layer of black-and-white emulsion in combination with a layer of microscopically small color filter elements. The resulting transparencies or "slides" were very dark because the color filter mosaic layer absorbed most of the light passing through. The last films of this type were discontinued in the 1950s, but Polachrome "instant" slide film, introduced in 1983, temporarily revived the technology.
"Color film" in the modern sense of a subtractive color product with a multi-layered emulsion was born with the introduction of Kodachrome for home movies in 1935 and as lengths of 35 mm film for still cameras in 1936. During the next several decades, color remained much more expensive than black-and-white and required much more light, factors which combined to delay its widespread adoption. Decreasing cost and increasing sensitivity gradually overcame these impediments. By the 1970s color film predominated and the use of black-and-white film was increasingly confined to low-light and "art" photography and other niche applications.
Effect on lens and equipment design.
Photographic lenses and equipment are designed around the film to be used. Although the earliest photographic materials were sensitive only to the blue-violet end of the spectrum, partially color-corrected achromatic lenses were normally used, so that when the photographer brought the visually brightest yellow rays to a sharp focus, the visually dimmest but photographically most active violet rays would be correctly focused, too. The introduction of orthochromatic emulsions required the whole range of colors from yellow to blue to be brought to an adequate focus. Most plates and films described as orthochromatic or isochromatic were practically insensitive to red, so the correct focus of red light was unimportant; a red window could be used to view the frame numbers on the paper backing of roll film, as any red light which leaked around the backing would not fog the film; and red lighting could be used in darkrooms. With the introduction of panchromatic film the whole visible spectrum needed to be brought to an acceptably sharp focus. In all cases a color cast in the lens glass or faint colored reflections in the image were of no consequence as they would merely change the contrast a little. This was no longer acceptable when using color film. More highly corrected lenses for newer emulsions could be used with older emulsion types, but the converse was not true.
The progression of lens design for later emulsions is of practical importance when considering the use of old lenses, still often used on large-format equipment; a lens designed for orthochromatic film may have visible defects with a color emulsion; a lens for panchromatic film will be better but not as good as later designs.
The filters used were different for the different film types.
Special films.
Instant photography, as popularised by Polaroid, uses a special type of camera and film that automates and integrates development, without the need of further equipment or chemicals. This process is carried out immediately after exposure, as opposed to regular film, which is developed afterwards and requires additional chemicals. See instant film.
Films can be made to record non-visible ultraviolet (UV) and infrared (IR) radiation. These films generally require special equipment; for example, most photographic lenses are made of glass and will therefore filter out most ultraviolet light. Instead, expensive lenses made of quartz must be used. Infrared films may be shot in standard cameras using an infrared band- or long-pass filter, although the infrared focal point must be compensated for.
Exposure and focusing are difficult when using UV or IR film with a camera and lens designed for visible light. The ISO standard for film speed only applies to visible light, so visual-spectrum light meters are nearly useless. Film manufacturers can supply suggested equivalent film speeds under different conditions, and recommend heavy bracketing (e.g. "with a certain filter, assume ISO 25 under daylight and ISO 64 under tungsten lighting"). This allows a light meter to be used to estimate an exposure. The focal point for IR is slightly farther away from the camera than visible light, and UV slightly closer; this must be compensated for when focusing. Apochromatic lenses are sometimes recommended due to their improved focusing across the spectrum.
Film optimized for sensing X-ray radiation is commonly used for medical imaging by placing the subject between the film and a source of X-rays, without a lens, as if a translucent object were imaged by being placed between a light source and standard film. Unlike other types of film, X-ray film has a sensitive emulsion on both sides of the carrier material. This reduces the X-ray exposure for an acceptable image – a desirable feature in medical radiography. The film is usually placed in contact with a thin layer of lead which also enhances its sensitivity.
Film optimized for sensing X-rays and for gamma rays is sometimes used for radiation dosimetry and personal monitoring.
Film has a number of disadvantages as a scientific detector: it is difficult to calibrate for photometry, it is not re-usable, it requires careful handling (including temperature and humidity control) for best calibration, and the film must physically be returned to the laboratory and processed. Against this, photographic film can be made with a higher spatial resolution than any other type of imaging detector, and, because of its logarithmic response to light, has a wider dynamic range than most digital detectors. For example, Agfa 10E56 holographic film has a resolution of over 4,000 lines/mm—equivalent to a pixel size of 0.125 micrometres—and an active dynamic range of over five orders of magnitude in brightness, compared to typical scientific CCDs that might have pixels of about 10 micrometres and a dynamic range of 3-4 orders of magnitude.
Special films are used for the long exposures required by astrophotography.
DX codes.
Film manufacturers commonly make film that is branded by other companies. Modern films have bar codes (DX codes) on the edge of the film which can be read by a bar code reader. This is because film is sometimes processed differently according to specifications of the film, determined by its manufacturer; the bar code is entered into the film processor before the film is developed or printed.
To establish the OEM, read the bar code printed on the cassette. Divide the long number by 16 and record the number before the decimal, then multiply the number after the decimal by 16, this could give you a result such as 18 and 2.
The first number is known as the PRODUCT (film manufacturer) and the second number as the MULTIPLIER (speed of the film ISO). In the previous example, 18 identifies 3M as the manufacturer and 2 means it is 200 ISO:

</doc>
<doc id="21556851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556851" title="Louis Vuitton Acts">
Louis Vuitton Acts

The Louis Vuitton Acts were a series of International America's Cup Class regattas leading up to the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup and 2007 America's Cup. Thirteen regattas or acts were held in total. These regattas involved all eleven challengers plus the holder of the America's Cup, Alinghi, and allowed the challengers to earn bonus points that went towards the Louis Vuitton Cup. The 2004-2007 period was the first time this format had been used in America's Cup racing.
2004 ACC Championship.
The 2004 ACC Championship was won by Team New Zealand.
Act 1.
Act One was sailed in Marseille, France. The Act was scheduled to consist of six fleet races and a round robin of match races, however two fleet races were canceled due to poor weather. BMW Oracle Racing won Act 1.
Act 2.
Act Two was sailed in Valencia, Spain. This was the first regatta in the port that was to host the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup and America's Cup. Three rounds of racing were lost to poor weather. The Act consisted of a double round robin of match races. Emirates Team New Zealand won Act 2.
Act 3.
Act Three was sailed in Valencia, Spain. The Act was scheduled to consist of seven fleet races, however one fleet race was canceled due to poor weather. Alinghi won Act 3.
2005 ACC Championship.
The 2005 ACC Championship was won by Alinghi.
Act 4.
Act Four was sailed in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of a singleround robin of match races. Alinghi won Act 4.
Act 5.
Act Five was sailed in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of five fleet races. Luna Rossa won Act 5.
Act 6.
Act Six was held in Malmö, Skåne, Sweden. The Act consisted of a single round robin of match races. Alinghi won Act 6.
Act 7.
Act Seven was held in Malmö, Skåne, Sweden. The Act was to consist of five fleet races, however poor weather meant that the Act was reduced to three races. Alinghi won Act 7.
Act 8.
Act Eight was held in Trapani, Italy. The Act consisted of a single round robin of match races. Alinghi won Act 8.
Act 9.
Act Nine was held in Trapani,Italy. The Act consisted of five fleet races. Alinghi won Act 9.
2006 ACC Championship.
The 2006 ACC Championship was won by Team New Zealand.
Act 10.
Act Ten was sailed in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of a singleround robin of match races. BMW Oracle Racing won Act 10.
Act 11.
Act Eleven was held in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of five fleet races. Alinghi won Act 11.
Act 12.
Act Twelve was sailed in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of a singleround robin of match races plus three divisions of knock out finals. Emirates Team New Zealand won Act 12.
2007 season.
No ACC Championship was awarded in 2007, instead the focus was on the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup and the 2007 America's Cup.
Act 13.
Act Thirteen was held in Valencia, Spain. The Act consisted of seven fleet races. Alinghi won Act 13.
Bonus Points.
Each challenger was awarded between 1-4 bonus points to take into the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup based on their performances in the last Ten Acts. Between 11-1 points were awarded to each team per Act based on the final position the syndicate when Alinghi was excluded. For 2006 Acts the points were doubled and the points were tripled for 2007 Acts. The 2004 Acts were not worth any points. Emirates Team New Zealand topped the table and took the maximum four bonus points into the Louis Vuitton Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21556900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556900" title="Burnin' at 20 Below">
Burnin' at 20 Below

"Burnin' at 20 Below" is the second and final album released by the rapper, Antoinette, released on May 30, 1990, through Next Plateau Entertainment. Production was by DJ Doc, Kurtis Mantronik, Ellis Jay and Kenni Hairston. The album peaked at #66 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Singles from the album were "Never Get Enough" and "She Operates Around the Clock"; both failed to chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="21556903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556903" title="Claus Lauritz Clausen">
Claus Lauritz Clausen

Claus Lauritz Clausen (November 3, 1820 – February 20, 1892) was an American pioneer Lutheran minister, church leader, military chaplain and politician.
Biography.
Claus Clausen was born at Borgnæs in Tranderup Parish, on the island of Ærø, in Svendborg County, Denmark. Clausen was a lay minister in Drammen, Norway prior to immigrating to America during 1842. Ordained during 1843, he organized the first Norwegian Lutheran congregation that came out of the state-church tradition within the Muskego Settlement. Clausen also organized and served as pastor of several nearby churches including Heart Prairie Lutheran Church. Clausen accepted a call during 1846 from Norwegian-settlers in the Jefferson Prairie Settlement. Clausen relocated from the Muskego Settlement and made Rock County, Wisconsin the center for his activities among the settlements in southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois, remaining until 1853.
Starting during 1850, Clausen was editor of the Norwegian language newspapers, "Maanedstidende" and "Kirketidende" as well as the successor newspaper "Emigranten", all published in Inmansville in Rock County. These Norwegian Lutheran endeavors at publishing mark the existence of the first print-shop in Rock County. From 1853–1861, he was founding pastor of Saint Ansgar Norwegian Lutheran Church, in Saint Ansgar, Iowa.
During 1853, Clausen was one of three pastors who organized the Synod of the Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church in America commonly known as the Norwegian Synod. Clausen was one of the leading members of a Synod committee appointed to supervise the creation of Luther College during 1857.
Clausen was elected to the Iowa General Assembly during 1856 - 1859, serving in the Iowa House of Representatives. At the outback of the American Civil War, he would serve as army chaplain from 1861–62 under the command of Colonel Hans C. Heg within the 15th Wisconsin Volunteer Regiment, more popularly known as the "Scandinavian Regiment".
Clausen served as the Iowa Commissioner to the Paris Exposition Universelle (1867). In 1868 he resigned from the Synod of the Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and helped organize the Conference of the Norwegian-Danish Evangelical Lutheran Church of America becoming its first president from 1870 until 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="21556915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556915" title="L.e.i. (clothing company)">
L.e.i. (clothing company)

l.e.i. (an acronym that stands for Life Energy Intelligence; the logo is usually uncapitalized, however the newer logo is stylized as L.e.i.) is an American clothing company, mainly targeted at teenage girls and young women. Launched in 1989, l.e.i. is owned by Jones Apparel Group and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. The brand is sold in many retail stores, however they do not have stores of their own. l.e.i. products are available at Wal-Mart, as well as many online stores. 
Products.
l.e.i. sells different types of clothes that are aimed at preteen/teenage girls, such as shirts, pants, skirts, and swimwear. They are most popular for selling jeans. In addition, l.e.i. has an extensive lineup of shoes and accessories, including jewelry, sunglasses, handbags, and lingerie.
l.e.i. designs clothing that is unique and fashionable for teen girls, proclaiming that they will have style, with a hint of attitude.
Popularity.
In a 2002 survey, 43% of 12-19 year old girls bought l.e.i. jeans, making it the most popular brand of jeans on the American market.
Marketing.
Country singer Taylor Swift promoted l.e.i. jeans for Wal-Mart from 2007 to 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21556933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556933" title="Habib Nafisi">
Habib Nafisi

Habib Nafisi is the founder of Tehran Polytechnic (Amirkabir University of Technology). He founded it in 1958 with 5 engineering departments. He also founded the University of Mazandaran and Iran University of Science and Technology.
Background.
Habib Naficy was born in Rasht in December of 1908. His father, Dr. Ali Asghar Naficy, Moadeb od Dowleh, was a well-known physician who served as the doctor and guardian of Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi, when as Crown Prince he attended boarding school in Switzerland. Naficy’s grandfather, Dr. Ali Akbar Naficy, Nazem ol Atteba, was a senior court physician during the Qajar Dynasty, and a medical scholar, known for having compiled the “Naficy Encyclopedia” (Fahrangeh Naficy), and for establishing Western-style hospitals in Tehran, Mashad and Isfahan. 
Habib Naficy received his early education in Tehran at the Ecole Saint Louis, a French Catholic School, and at the famous Dar el Fonoun School. He broke with family tradition by studying engineering at the university level, because he believed that what Iran needed most were engineers. He completed his undergraduate university education in mechanical engineering at the University of Toulouse in France, and in electrical engineering at an institute in Paris. Upon returning to Iran, he joined the Army and was sent on a government scholarship to receive practical training at a trucking company in Indianapolis, purchase armored trucks for the Iranian Army, and at the same time pursue graduate studies in mechanical engineering at Purdue University. When relations between Iran and the U.S. soured because of a diplomatic incident, he was called back and sent instead to Germany in 1936 to continue his practical training and purchase trucks for the Iranian Army. He also spent some time training in Czechoslovakia.
Career.
After finishing his practical training in Germany, Habib Naficy returned to Iran in 1938 to become director of a military ammunitions factory at Saltanat-Abbad in the suburbs of Tehran. He left the Army in 1943 to become Director of Labor Affairs in the Ministry of Commerce and Industries. In this position he was instrumental in drafting the first comprehensive labor laws in Iran in 1946. After the establishment of Ministry of Labor in the same year, he became Undersecretary of Labor, a position he held until 1950. During this time, he tried to improve the condition of workers, and as a staunch anti-communist, he promoted the formation of non-communist labor unions as counterweight to the labor unions affiliated with the pro-communist Tudeh Party. Naficy was briefly Deputy Minister and Acting Minister of Labor in 1951 in the short-lived Hossein Ala cabinet, preceding Dr. Mossadegh’s government.
During the Mossadegh period, Habib Naficy was instrumental in establishing the Ministry of Industries and Mines, with himself serving as Undersecretary, a post he continued to hold under the Zahedi cabinet in the mid-1950s. In this position he was credited with establishing one of the first industrial estates (industrial zones) for light industries at Karaj west of Tehran. 
In the late 1950s, Naficy was named Undersecretary for Technical and Vocational Education in the Ministry of Education with the mission to reinvigorate and expand that type of education, which had been initiated during the reign of Reza Shah Pahlavi. In that position he established some one hundred technical and vocational schools throughout Iran. He established the Tehran Polytechnic University (now Amir Kabir University) as well, which emphasized practical engineering education. He served as President of the institution, keeping the tuition low so that students of limited income could attend. He also established the Technical Teachers College (now Elm o Sanaat University), and the Higher Commercial College (Madresseh Aali e Bazargani), both in Tehran. During this time he taught part-time at the Faculty of Engineering of Tehran University.
In 1963, Habib Naficy was appointed Cultural Councilor, with the rank of Chargé d'Affaires, and Supervisor of Iranian Students in the United States and Canada at the Iranian Embassy in Washington, D.C. a position he held until 1966. He tried to improve services offered to Iranian students in the U.S. While in that position, he also taught part-time at the School of Engineering at the University of Maryland. 
In 1966, he was once again named Undersecretary of Education for Technical and Vocational Education and President of the Tehran Polytechnic University. During this period he established about 20 Technological Institutes (technical junior colleges) in various Iranian provinces. He held these two positions until his retirement from full-time government work in 1968. 
After retiring from full-time government service, he established the Naficy Technikum, a private, combined technical college and secondary technical school, which placed emphasis on practical work. He spent most of his effort in the 1970s on developing that institution. At the same time in the 1970s he was asked to serve as Undersecretary for Human Resources Development at the Ministry of Transportation, on a part-time basis. He held these two positions until the 1979 revolution.
After the revolution, Habib Naficy continued as President of the Naficy Technikum for almost a year. He was arrested in early 1980 by a group of Revolutionary Guards and Technikum staff close to them, who made charges against him (citizen arrest), although there was no government warrant for his arrest. The charges included his allegedly writing reports on dissidents while working at the Iranian Embassy in Washington, D.C. notably about Sadegh Ghotbzadeh, who was a close aide to Khomeini, and served as post-revolution head of Iranian Radio and Television and as Foreign Minister, before falling afoul of the Islamic Government and being executed in 1981. Naficy was kept in jail for ten months before being tried. Many of his former students and employees attended his trial to defend him. He was cleared of charges and released in 1981. He died in 1984. In recent years, the Islamic Government has recognized Naficy’s contributions and held a ceremony in his memory at the Amir Kabir University. 
Habib Naficy is principally known for his work of drafting the first comprehensive labor laws in the 1940s, and for expanding technical education at both the secondary and university levels in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. He is remembered as an energetic man, dedicated to his work and to public service. He believed that technical and vocational education were key to Iran’s progress, and placed emphasis on practical, hands-on technical training. He was considered as one of Iran’s early technocrats. He served as undersecretary of various ministries for nearly forty years. He was offered ministerial positions a several times but turned them down, because he believed that the position of undersecretary was more stable and that he could accomplish more in such a position. 
Relatives.
Habib Naficy came from a large, well-known Persian family. He was the brother of the late Dr. Abbas Naficy who served as Undersecretary of the Ministry of Health in the late 1940s, and Secretary General of Lion and Sun Society in the 1950s and 1960s, as well as senator in the 1960s. He was also the brother of the late Dr. Mahmonir Naficy Jazayeri, one of the first female professors at Tehran University, where she taught French Literature. He was the nephew of the late Sa’id Naficy (also Saeed Nafisi), the well-known writer and historian, and was both the nephew and first cousin of the late Eng. Fathollah Naficy, the former Vice-Chairman of the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC). Habib Naficy was also the second cousin of Ahmad Nafisi, the mayor of Tehran in the early 1960s and father of Azar Nafisi, the author of the bestseller, Reading Lolita in Tehran. Habib Naficy was married to Dr. Ozma Adle, who was Director of Women’s Affairs at the Ministry of Labor in the late 1940s, and the translator of French literary works into Persian.

</doc>
<doc id="21556940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556940" title="Masset Formation">
Masset Formation

The Masset Formation is a volcanic formation on Graham Island of the Haida Gwaii Islands in British Columbia, Canada. It consists of calc-alkaline volcanic rocks related to subduction of the pre-existing Farallon Plate. The Masset Formation is part of the Pemberton Volcanic Belt.

</doc>
<doc id="21556943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556943" title="Sikeston High School">
Sikeston High School

Sikeston High School, also known as SHS, is a public secondary school in Sikeston, Missouri.
History.
In 1868, a two-story public school building was constructed at the corner of West Malone and School Street. In 1884, this building was destroyed by a tornado. In 1885, a four-room building was rebuilt on this site and known as South Grade School. In 1900, another new building was constructed on this site. The Sikeston Public Schools system held its first four-year high school graduation commencement in 1904. In 1924, Sikeston built a segregated school to be used only by African American students until the U.S. Supreme Court delivered the landmark ruling of Brown v. Board of Education in 1954 which declared segregation to be unconstitutional. The Lincoln School still stands in western Sikeston. The high school newspaper is known as "The Bulldog Barker" while the high school yearbook is known as "The Growler".
Buildings.
The Sikeston Field House, the school's home gymansium, was completed in 1969 as a multi-purpose athletic facility with a seating capacity exceeding 3,000 persons. After a bond issue was voted on and passed by the city, the building was updated and remodeled into a more attractive, state-of-the-art sporting arena in 1992. With improved lighting, sound and climate control, the Sikeston Field House has become a popular venue for non-athletic events as well. The Field House distinguishes itself with its large silver dome that is easily recognizable from the air.
Academics.
The Sikeston R-6 School District serves the educational needs of most of the city's residents and some of the nearby areas including the cities of Morehouse and Miner.
Music.
In 1934, Reid Jann started the High School band program. In 1940, Keith Collins (1916-1974) became Director of Bands and Supervisor of Music for Sikeston High School. Collins stayed in this position until 1970 except for time spent in the U.S. Marine Corps including as director of the West Coast Marine Air Corps Band in San Diego. In 1955, the school started an orchestra program under James Butler and hired future Missouri first lady Betty Cooper to take over the high school choir. Collins helped design the band building built for the new high school in 1960. Collins along with LeRoy Mason of Jackson High School formed the Southeast Missouri High School Band Association.
Athletics.
Sikeston High School has had a long history of excellence especially in football, boys basketball, and baseball, sports in which they are among the state's leaders in playoff appearances.
Football.
Carr Trophy winners, since 1979, presented to the best high school football player in Southeast Missouri:
Baseball.
Sikeston High School star players:

</doc>
<doc id="21556954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556954" title="Grand star registrar">
Grand star registrar

The Grand Star Registrar LLC (GSR), was an online-based partnership, which allows individuals to dedicate and "assign" a name to stars within the known constellations. Upon locating the desired star and assigning the chosen name, GSR records the coordinates and places them into a secure anthology to be published in the United States. 
The company was registered and founded in San Francisco, California by then partners, Stephen Cheung and Eric S. Woo. GSR was one of the few registrar companies to utilize extensive alternative media for advertisements in addition to its common references to the 2002 Warner Bros. production, A Walk to Remember. 
Names designated by GSR were not recognized by the International Astronomical Union (IAU), which has the internationally recognized authority to name and designate newly discovered stars, planets, asteroids, comets, and other heavenly bodies.
On March 7, 2008, GSR was involved in a civil suit against rival company, International Star Registry (ISR). The suit presided in Illinois Northern District Court under claims of trademark infringement (Lanham Act). Grand Star Registrar, LLC was made to cease and desist operations in June 2008 and the suit was settled outside of court in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21556993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21556993" title="List of Australian federal elections">
List of Australian federal elections

This article provides a summary of results for the general elections to the Australian House of Representatives and Senate, respectively the lower and upper halves of Australia's federal bicameral legislative body, the Parliament of Australia. The number of seats has increased steadily over time, from 111 for the first election, to the current total of 226. The current federal government structure was established in 1900 by the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act, 1900.
Two groups have dominated politics in Australia: Labor and the Coalition, composed of the Liberal Party and the National Party. Since the foundation of the Liberal Party in 1944, these two groups have formed every government. With the exception of the Greens (who won the 2002 Cunningham by-election and Melbourne at the 2010 general election), and Palmer United (who won Fairfax at the 2013 general election) -- no other party has won election to the House of Representatives since 1946.
Although government has been a two-party system, the Senate has a multi-party tradition, beginning with the 1955 election, where one DLP candidate was elected (under the ALP-AC banner). Although the DLP ceased to be a force after Gough Whitlam took power in 1972, the Liberal Movement and its successor the Australian Democrats carved out their own niche. In the 1980s, the NDP and later the Greens joined the Senate, and more recently One Nation and Family First have done the same.
In the past decade, the Democrats' federal parliamentary representation has disappeared, while the Greens have emerged at the national level to take their place. The Nationals' representation has also steadily declined, with their percentage of the vote hitting new lows. With the high-profile defection of Senator Julian McGauran to the Liberals in 2006, questions have been raised about the Nationals' viability, and proposals for a Liberal-National party merger have increased in strength.
Summary of results.
House of Representatives.
The total for the party forming government after the election is bolded. Parties that have never formed government are listed under "Others".
Primary, TPP and seat results since 1937.
ALP = Australian Labor Party, L+NP = grouping of Liberal/National/LNP/CLP Coalition Parties (and predecessors), Oth = other parties and independents.
Senate.
Parties that have never won multiple seats in consecutive elections are listed under "Others". Results represent the composition of the Senate after the elections. Double dissolutions are underlined and highlighted in puce.

</doc>
<doc id="21557047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557047" title="Edmonton Nighthawks FC">
Edmonton Nighthawks FC

Edmonton Nighthawks FC is a floorball club based in Edmonton, Canada. It is one of three floorball clubs based in the province of Alberta, and is a member of the Alberta Floorball League (EFUL).
History.
Founded in 2007, the E-Town Elite Floorball Club was the first floorball club in the province of Alberta, and one of only few in the entire country of Canada. In 2008, the club decided to take part in the inaugural EFUL season, and it played its first official match in 2009, against River City IBK.
For the 2009–10 season, the club has changed its name to "Edmonton Nighthawks Floorball Club".
Roster.
"As of October 3, 2009"
<br>
<br>
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21557052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557052" title="Bob Bralove">
Bob Bralove

Bob Bralove is an auxiliary keyboard–synthesizer player who worked as a sound technician with Grateful Dead starting in 1986 through the 1990s. He was influential on their integration of MIDI technology, first working with drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzman, keyboardist Brent Mydland, and later guitarist Bob Weir and synthesizer/piano player Vince Welnick. He also co-wrote and contributed to such songs as "Picasso Moon", "Way to Go Home", "Easy Answers". Perhaps his biggest project with the band was assembling segments of Dead jams on the 1991 Infrared Roses compilation album. "Parallelogram", "Little Nemo in Nightland" are some of his most notable "compositions" from this release. 
In addition to his songwriting, producing, and MIDI programming activities for the Grateful Dead, Bralove is known for his performing and designing with the Grateful Dead and the avant-garde "Drums and Space" segments of their live shows with the Rhythm Devils. 
Bralove was also a member and producer of the Psychedelic Keyboard Trio, along with former Grateful Dead keyboardist Tom Constanten and the late Vince Welnick, former keyboardist for the Grateful Dead and The Tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="21557061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557061" title="Vasily Goncharov">
Vasily Goncharov

Vasily Mikhailovich Goncharov () (1861 – 23 August 1915) was a Russian film director and screenwriter, one of the pioneers of the film industry in the Russian Empire, who directed the first Russian feature film "Defence of Sevastopol".

</doc>
<doc id="21557064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557064" title="On-Foot">
On-Foot

On-Foot (Travel show) is a travel show on the Living Asia Channel. The show follows the comic and upbeat television host Tim Tayag around the Philippine and Asian countries.
The program is a co-production of Bacon Burger Productions and CCI Asia Group Corporation and is being aired in the Philippines via The Living Asia Channel. It is also being aired simultaneously in North America via The Filipino Channel Direct. In Asia, the channel can be seen in Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam and Laos as well via The Mabuhay Satellite Corporation.
In the Philippines, The Living Asia Channel is currently aired on major cable networks such as Home, Dream, Destiny and Sky. On-Foot is everyday three times a day on an eight hour loop seen simultaneously in the other countries with broadcast partners.
Objectives.
According to Tayag's official website, On-Foot is aimed at young independent travelers; a sort of streetwise cookbook for traveling alone. When you travel on foot and interact with the locals, you penetrate the veneer of the guidebooks and maps and mine the grit of real life. Self-proclaimed traveltologist, Tayag, provides a comic element while the show highlights concise information and thorough coverage of the destination via humorous pop up graphics and animation. The program explores unusual places, samples unusual dishes and purchases unusual gift items. The show is targeted to Filipinos both here and abroad who want to encounter the lighter side and offbeat experiences of traveling in the Philippines and other Asian countries. On-Foot is an indispensable resource with practical information that can be used by every traveler.
In the course of each show, Tayag tours each place and interacts with the town’s locals occasionally with the use of subtitles for the viewers from other countries).
History.
The show’s initial seed was planted in Tayag’s mind back when he was living in San Francisco circa 2000. He came back to the Philippines and met Katrina Holigores, a female mover and shaker in the film industry. The idea man and cinematographer woman build a partnership that involved a lot of meetings.
Holigores used her vast connections to form the proper production team to produce this show. So the band of three was formed: Tim as the host and writer, Holigores as the director and half-time cinematographer, and a fellow by the name of Alan Bengzon to bring in steadicam operation and other useful equipment.
Tayag met Leo Udtohan in 2006, a journalist from Bohol who produced four episodes on Bohol and Siquijor, Tayag in an interview said, "Bohol is the best episode so far on On-Foot."
Episodes.
• Quiapo
• Baguio (2008)
• Cebu (2008)
• Siquijor (2007)
• Baguio 1 (2007)
• Baguio 2 (2007)
• Boracay (2007)
• Batangas (2008)
• Bohol 1 Bizarre Bohol(2007)
• Bohol 2 Bizarre Bohol(2007)
• Bohol 1 Bizarre Bohol(2006)
• Bohol 2 Bizarre Bohol(2006)
• Malaysia (2007)
• Malaysia 2 (2007)
• Nature Spa: Tagaytay (2008)
• Off the Wall 1 (2007)
• One Foot in Iloilo (2007)
• One Foot on Iloilo 2 (2007)
• Palawan (2007)
• Sagada (2007)
• Sagada 2
• Siargao (2007)
• Siargao 2 (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="21557132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557132" title="SS Statendam (1898)">
SS Statendam (1898)

SS "Statendam" was a 10,322 ton (gross) ship of the Holland America Line, launched in 1898. She was sold to the Allan Line in 1911 and renamed SS "Scotian". The Allan Line was taken over in 1917 by Canadian Pacific Line, who continued to operate her as the "Scotian" until 1922, when she was renamed SS "Marglen". She was scrapped in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="21557141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557141" title="2005 Toronto Argonauts season">
2005 Toronto Argonauts season

The 2005 Toronto Argonauts season was the 48th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and 133rd season overall. The Argonauts finished the regular season 11–7 and finished in first place in the CFL's Eastern Division.

</doc>
<doc id="21557158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557158" title="Electoral history of Donald Rumsfeld">
Electoral history of Donald Rumsfeld

Electoral history of Donald Rumsfeld
Illinois' 13th congressional district, 1962 (Republican primary):
Illinois' 13th congressional district, 1962:
Illinois' 13th congressional district, 1964:
Illinois' 13th congressional district, 1966:
Illinois' 13th congressional district, 1968:
United States Secretary of Defense (Senate confirmation), 1975:
1976 Republican National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
1980 Republican National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
United States Secretary of Defense (Senate confirmation, 2001:

</doc>
<doc id="21557167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557167" title="Witness Tha Realest">
Witness Tha Realest

Witness Tha Realest is the debut album by rapper Tha Realest. The album was released on July 14, 2009 by RBC Records/Team Dime Entertainment and distributed by E1 Music (formerly Koch Records). "Witness tha Realest"' was delayed on several occasions due to the lack of a record distributor and the dissolution of Tru 'Dat' Entertainment. It features production from 1500 or Nothin', Blaqthoven, Mark Sparks, The, Mel-Man, Detail of Konvict Music, E. Poppi, DJ Domo of Rap-a-Lot Records, Alif, Marvin "Marvelous" Paige and Eric Reese. The album was a flop, selling nearly 1000 albums, one of the worst selling albums in history.
Background.
The Realest planned to release his debut album as early as 2004 but due to the lack of a distributing company, the album's release was delayed. "Witness Tha Realest" would again be scheduled for release, this time in 2007, as Tha Realest had be signed on to Tru 'Dat' Entertainment in 2006. This date was further pushed back following the bankruptcy of the label after the owner, Hysear Randell, was found guilty of embezzling millions of dollars. In late 2007, Tha Realest was signed to Team Dime Entertainment, the label on which the album was released in partnership with RBC and KOCH Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21557170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557170" title="Film studio">
Film studio

A film studio (also known as movie studio or simply studio) is a major entertainment company or motion picture company that has its own privately owned studio facility or facilities that are used to make films, which is handled by the production company. The majority of firms in the entertainment industry have never owned their own studios, but have rented space from other companies.
There are also independently owned studio facilities, who have never produced a motion picture of their own because they are not Entertainment companies or Motion Picture companies; they are companies who sell only studio space.
Beginnings.
In the early 1900s, companies started moving to Los Angeles, California. Although electric lights were by then widely available, none were yet powerful enough to adequately expose film; the best source of illumination for motion picture production was natural sunlight. Some movies were shot on the roofs of buildings in Downtown Los Angeles. Early movie producers also relocated to Southern California to escape Edison's Motion Picture Patents Company, which controlled almost all the patents relevant to movie production at the time.
The first movie studio in the Hollywood area was Nestor Studios, opened in 1911 by Al Christie for David Horsley. In the same year, another 15 independents settled in Hollywood. Other production companies eventually settled in the Los Angeles area in places such as Culver City, Burbank, and what would soon become known as Studio City in the San Fernando Valley.
The "majors".
The Big 5
By the mid-1920s, the evolution of a handful of American production companies into wealthy motion picture industry conglomerates that owned their own studios, distribution divisions, and theaters, and contracted with performers and other filmmaking personnel, led to the sometimes confusing equation of "studio" with "production company" in industry slang. Five large companies, 20th Century Fox, RKO Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Warner Bros., and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer came to be known as the "Big Five," the "majors," or "the Studios" in trade publications such as "Variety", and their management structures and practices collectively came to be known as the "studio system."
The Little 3
Although they owned few or no theaters to guarantee sales of their films, Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures, and United Artists also fell under these rubrics, making a total of eight generally recognized "major studios". United Artists, although its controlling partners owned not one but two production studios during the Golden Age, had an often-tenuous hold on the title of "major" and operated mainly as a backer and distributor of independently produced films.
The minors.
Smaller studios operated simultaneously with "the majors." These included operations such as Republic Pictures, active from 1935, which produced films that occasionally matched the scale and ambition of the larger studio, and Monogram Pictures, which specialized in series and genre releases. Together with smaller outfits such as PRC TKO and Grand National, the minor studios filled the demand for B movies and are sometimes collectively referred to as Poverty Row.
The independents.
The Big Five's ownership of movie theaters was eventually opposed by eight independent producers, including Samuel Goldwyn, David O. Selznick, Walt Disney, Hal Roach, and Walter Wanger. In 1948, the federal government won a case against Paramount in the Supreme Court, which ruled that the vertically integrated structure of the movie industry constituted an illegal monopoly. This decision, reached after twelve years of litigation, hastened the end of the studio system and Hollywood's "Golden Age".
Typical major film studio components.
By the 1950s, the physical components of a typical major film studio had become standardized. Since then, a major film studio has usually been housed inside a physically secure compound with a high wall, which protects filmmaking operations from unwanted interference from paparazzi and crazed fans of leading movie stars. Movement in and out of the studio is normally limited to specific gates (often capped with grand decorative arches), where visitors must stop at a boom barrier and explain the purpose of their visit to a security guard. Studio premises generally feature multiple sound stages along with an outside backlot, as well as offices for studio executives and production companies. There is normally a studio "commissary", which is the traditional term in the film industry for what other industries call a company cafeteria. Early nitrate film was notoriously flammable, and sets were and are still very flammable, which is why film studios built in the early-to-mid 20th century have water towers to facilitate firefighting.
Film to television.
Halfway through the 1950s, with television proving to be a lucrative enterprise not destined to disappear any time soon—as many in the film industry had once hoped—movie studios were increasingly being used to produce programming for the burgeoning medium. Some midsize film companies, such as Republic Pictures, eventually sold their studios to TV production concerns, which were eventually bought by larger studios, such as the American Broadcasting Company which was purchased by The Walt Disney Company in 1996.
Today.
With the growing diversification of studios into such fields as video games, television, theme parks, home video and publishing, they have become multi-national corporations. As the studios increased in size they began to rely on production companies, like J.J. Abrams' Bad Robot Productions, to handle many of the creative and physical production details of their feature films. Instead the studios transformed into financing and distribution entities for the films made by their affiliated production companies as well as the decreasing cost of CG and visual effects, many studios sold large chunks of their once massive studio spaces or backlots to private real-estate developers. Century City in Los Angeles was once part of the 20th Century Fox backlot, which was among the largest and most famous of the studio lots. In most cases portions of the backlots were retained and are available for rental by various film and television productions. Some studios offer tours of their backlots, while Universal Pictures allows visitors to its adjacent Universal Studios Hollywood theme park to take a tram tour of the backlot where films such as Psycho and Back to the Future were once shot.
Independent film and the studios.
In the 1980s and 90s, as the cost of professional 16mm film equipment decreased, along with the emergence of non-film innovations such as S-VHS and Mini-DV cameras, many young filmmakers began to make films outside the "studio system". Filmmakers such as Jim Jarmusch, Robert Rodriguez, Steven Soderbergh, Quentin Tarantino, Kevin Smith and Richard Linklater made films that pushed boundaries in ways the studios were then reluctant to do. In response to these films, many distributed by "mini-studios" like Miramax, the "majors" created their own in-house mini-studios meant to focus on edgier "independent" content. Focus Features was created by Universal Pictures and Fox Searchlight was created by 20th Century Fox for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="21557177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557177" title="Linda Bilmes">
Linda Bilmes

Linda J. Bilmes (born 1960) is the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Senior Lecturer in Public Policy at Harvard University. She is a full-time faculty member at the Harvard Kennedy School where she teaches public policy, budgeting and public finance. 
She is a leading national expert on financial, budgeting, veterans and civil service issues. Bilmes is widely credited with drawing attention to the cost of the Iraq War and to the long-term cost of caring for returning Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans. She has received numerous awards and distinctions from peace groups and veterans organizations. She is the recipient of the 2008 “Speaking Truth to Power” Award from the American Friends Service Committee. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a Fellow of the National Academy of Public Administration (United States). She serves on the Board of Directors for Economists for Peace and Security and the Institute for Veterans and Military Families. 
Bilmes is a faculty affiliate of the Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government, the Taubman Center for State and Local Government, the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs and the Rappaport Center for Greater Boston. At Harvard, Professor Bilmes founded and runs a program that assists local communities to manage their budgets and finances. She also conducts budgeting workshops for the biannual Harvard Institute of Politics training sessions for newly elected Mayors and Members of Congress. Bilmes has also taught at the Blavatnik School of Government at Oxford University. 
Government Service.
Bilmes has held senior positions in government including Assistant Secretary and CFO of the United States Department of Commerce under US President Bill Clinton. Prior to joining the Harvard faculty, Bilmes served in government during the Presidency of Bill Clinton. She was twice confirmed by the U.S. Senate, as Assistant Secretary for Administration and Budget, and as Chief Financial Officer, of the United States Department of Commerce. She previously served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Administration. She has been appointed to several high-ranking commissions,including a Treasury Department commission to examine the viability of the Inter-American Investment Corporation. She served as a commissioner on the bipartisan National Parks Second Century Commission and is currently serving on the U.S. Department of Interior National Parks System Advisory Board and on the US Department of Labor Advisory Board on Veterans Employment and Training.
Books and publications.
Bilmes is the author of several important books, book chapters and academic papers. She is co-author, with Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz, of "The Three Trillion Dollar War", which became a New York Times and international best-seller (W.W. Norton). She is co-author of the "" with W. Scott Gould. (Brookings Institution Press) and "Gebt un das Risiko Zuruck" with Peter Strueven and Konrad Wetzker.
Personal.
Bilmes holds an A.B. in government from Harvard University and an M.B.A from Harvard Business School. After earning a graduate business degree, she served as a management consultant with Bain & Company until 1987. Between 1988 and 1997, she worked at strategic management consulting company The Boston Consulting Group. As a principal at The Boston Consulting Group, Bilmes built the company's United Kingdom healthcare practice, was appointed as one of 10 Western advisors to the Russian Ministry of Privatization, drafted Russia's first healthcare financing legislation, and managed over 30 financial restructuring projects throughout Europe. At The Boston Consulting Group, she specialized in public sector restructuring and industrial strategy. She was raised in San Mateo, California. Her husband is Jonathan Hakim, a British citizen. She is also an ardent Red Sox fan.

</doc>
<doc id="21557179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557179" title="Abidinpasa">
Abidinpasa

Abidinpasa is a town in southeastern Ankara, Mamak District, Turkey.
The town takes its name from a person whose name was Abidinpasa. He was assigned as the Governor of Ankara around mid-1800. He used to like fresh air, therefore he had his mansion (governor building) built in Abidinpasa, which is a place on top of the one of the highest hills in Ankara. The area, where mansion is, is a public park and the mansion serves as an historical place to tourists right now. 
The town has a shopping and retail areas on Tip Fakultesi road. Abidinpasa has Sehitlik Cemetery, a military cemetery where Esref Bitlis rest in peace, is located in lower side of Abidinpasa. Another important place is Ankara University Hospital. It is one of the biggest hospitals in Ankara.

</doc>
<doc id="21557192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557192" title="Bal-chatri">
Bal-chatri

Bal-chatri (/bɑːl tʃʌθri/) are traps designed to catch birds of prey (raptors). The trap essentially consists of a cage baited inside with a conspicuously visible live rodent or small bird, with a series of monofilament nooses attached to the surface to snare the legs of a free-flying raptor that attempts to take the bait. The name is derived from the Hindi word used by trappers in India. Modified bal-chatri traps are also used for catching shrikes.
History.
The bal-chatri originated in East India as a trap developed and used by falconers to catch suitable birds of prey to train for use in hunting. It consisted of a small, conical, cane cage, containing live lure birds to attract raptors, and covered with attached horsehair nooses to entangle their feet. The term bal-chatri has been mistranslated as “boy’s umbrella”, or “small umbrella”, after their shape but is correctly translated to "hair umbrella" and refers to the nooses made of horse-hair anchored to the umbrella-like frame. Bal-chatris continue to be used by falconers, but are also used in ornithological research projects which require the capture of raptors for banding and other procedures, such as blood sampling.
Methodology and use.
Contemporary traps are made of more modern materials, such as wire mesh cages with nooses made of nylon monofilament. The traps vary from 25–50 cm in diameter or length, with the nooses 4–12 cm in diameter. They are normally weighted to prevent them from being carried away by ensnared birds. The live lure, or bait, animals used for the trap are usually rodents such as house mice. The cage may have a double wall, or a removable roof or inner compartment, both to protect the bait animals from the raptors, and to prevent them damaging the nooses by chewing them.
The traps are designed to be highly portable and may be deployed opportunistically from a slowly moving vehicle on a roadside when a hawk or falcon is sighted perch-hunting from a pole or utility line along a road. They may also be used near nesting sites in order to trap a breeding pair. Active traps require continuous monitoring. Users require proper training; there are ethical considerations and the need for experience in the use of bal-chatris to avoid harming, and minimizing temporary stress to, the bait animals and the raptors caught.

</doc>
<doc id="21557208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557208" title="Riverina Water County Council">
Riverina Water County Council

Riverina Water County Council is a body that provides drinking water to the City of Wagga Wagga, Greater Hume Shire, Lockhart Shire and Urana Shire which operates under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1993.
History.
Southern Riverina County Council was formed in 1938 to supply reticulated water to towns in the Shires of Lockhart, Kyeamba, Mitchell and Culcairn with the Shires of Urana and Holbrook and the Municipality of Wagga Wagga were became part of Southern Riverina County Council in 1945.
1942 to 1995 Southern Riverina County Council was responsible for electricity distribution in the Southern Riverina Area until Great Southern Energy was formed in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21557210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557210" title="WFPG-TV">
WFPG-TV

WFPG-TV was one of the earliest UHF television stations in the United States, licensed to Atlantic City, New Jersey. The station broadcast over channel 46 from December 1952 until May 1954, and held affiliations with all four major networks of the era: NBC, CBS, ABC and DuMont.
Background.
Geographically, New Jersey is sandwiched between New York City and Philadelphia. Between them, the two large cities were granted most of the available VHF channels. The only VHF station assigned to New Jersey was located in Newark, the state's largest city. However, channel 13—WATV, later to become WNTA-TV (and now WNET) -- was programmed as a New York City station. New York City was directly awarded channels 2, 4, 5, 7, 9 and 11; while Philadelphia was assigned channels 3, 6 and 10. Channel 8 became unavailable as it was given to Lancaster, Pennsylvania's WGAL-TV, and later to WNHC-TV (now WTNH) in New Haven, Connecticut. Around the same time, WDEL-TV in Wilmington, Delaware (later WVUE) moved to channel 12, which the FCC reassigned to Wilmington to replace channel 7. 
Prior to the opening of the UHF band in 1952, Atlantic City viewers could receive some of the Philadelphia stations. However, they could only be received with very large rooftop antennas, and signals were marginal even under the best conditions.
The use of a channel on the newly opened UHF TV band would allow Atlantic City to boast (in the words of one promotion to 1954-era convention-goers) "Operation of Atlantic City's own television station, WFPG-TV has begun, and it is expected that many national programs will visit here and originate their shows from 'On the Boardwalk in Atlantic City'."
Construction began on October 30, 1952 and was completed 52 days later, with WFPG's AM broadcasts continuing uninterrupted while the new building and its UHF TV facilities were constructed around the existing radio operation.
While local television receiver vendors were initially hesitant to promote the then largely unproven UHF band, due both to unfamiliarity with the selection of antennae required for the higher frequencies and a lack of factory-installed UHF tuners in many TV sets, the ability to serve Atlantic City from even a relatively low-powered local station was to provide stronger signals and better-quality images in the local community than could be had at the time through the distant reception of Philadelphia VHF stations.
Demise.
As Philadelphia's VHF stations increased their transmitted signal power to cover a growing market, they were able to regain market share in various outlying communities in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, which already had local UHF stations of their own in 1953; along with WFPG-TV, they included WEEU-TV (channel 33) and WHUM-TV (channel 61) in Reading, Pennsylvania, and WSBA-TV (channel 43, now WPMT) in York, Pennsylvania. As a result, channel 46 went off the air almost unnoticed on May 17, 1954. 
It is not likely that WFPG-TV would have survived for long in any event, however. Shortly after WFPG-TV went dark, the FCC collapsed Atlantic City into the Philadelphia market. Almost immediately, the Philadelphia stations all secured construction permits to build tall towers in the Roxborough neighborhood, on some of the highest ground in the region. The new towers enabled the Philadelphia stations to provide a clear signal to all of South Jersey, including Atlantic City.
While WFPG-TV is no longer on the air, its radio siblings continued operation. WFPG-FM 96.9 and WFPG (now WPGG) AM 1450 currently operate from studios in Northfield with the original callsign still in active use on FM radio. The WFPG-TV tower also still stands; the facilities built for channel 46 now house WMID 1340 and 99.3 WZBZ radio.
Local TV broadcasting did not return to Atlantic City until January 25, 1966, when WCMC-TV (channel 40, now WMGM-TV) signed on as an affiliate of NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="21557224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557224" title="Mule (band)">
Mule (band)

Mule was an American punk blues band from Michigan, active in the early 1990s. Formed from the ashes of Wig and Laughing Hyenas, their music incorporated elements of hardcore punk, blues-rock, and alternative country.
History.
Mule formed in Ann Arbor, Michigan in 1991, anchored by former Wig member P.W. Long. The band's other members, Kevin Munro and Jim Kimball, had been members of the Laughing Hyenas. This lineup recorded the band's self-titled debut, which was produced by Steve Albini and released on Chicago record label Quarterstick Records itself a division of indie super label Touch and Go. 
Kimball left the group in 1994 to join The Denison/Kimball Trio, and Daniel Jacob Wilson joined the group for their follow-up releases. If I Don't Six followed in 1995. 
Mule self produced and released two singles. The first is Tennessee Hustler, backed by Black Bottom. The second was the I'm Hell single backed by a glorious cover of the Bee Gee's To Love Somebody. Next up is "Charger" from the Jabberjaw compilation.
Long split the band up in 1996 to go solo. He formed P.W. Long's Reelfoot in 1997.
Discography.
Tracks Appear On: 

</doc>
<doc id="21557239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557239" title="Luck (surname)">
Luck (surname)

Luck is a family name.

</doc>
<doc id="21557269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557269" title="Muksu River">
Muksu River

The Muksu River is a west-flowing river in north-central Gorno-Badakhshan province, Tajikistan. It is a tributary of the Vakhsh River which in turn is a tributary of the Amu Darya. The north side of its valley is the Trans-Alay Range and the south side is formed by the high mountains near the Fedchenko Glacier. It begins at Altyn Mazar at the juncture of the west-flowing Sauksai and the northwest-flowing Seldara rivers. It joins the Kyzyl-Suu (which drains the Alay valley) to form the Surkhob or Vakhsh River. At Altyn Mazar there is a pass leading north to Daroot-Korgan in the Alay Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21557294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557294" title="Anne de Graaf">
Anne de Graaf

Anne de Graaf is an award-winning writer and is the author of more than eighty children's books and four adult novels and speaker of many children books. She has won the International Historical Fiction Christy Award in 2000 for "Out of the Red Shadow", the final book of her "Hidden Harvest" series, and the East European Christian Children's Book Award in 2007 for "Dance Upon the Sea".
Anne de Graaf was born in San Francisco, graduated from Stanford University, and currently lives in Ireland and the Netherlands with her husband and their two children. Besides her work as an author, she has also worked as a journalist for the Dutch National Press Club, and as an economics translator for the Dutch government. She is a member of the British Society of Authors in London and the Rotary Club Westland-Polanen in The Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="21557307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557307" title="Graciela Ocaña">
Graciela Ocaña

Graciela Ocaña (born September 16, 1960) is an Argentine politician.
Life and times.
Ocaña was born and raised in the western Buenos Aires suburb of San Justo in 1960. Raised without her father, she lost her mother to an accident at age five and was taken in by her maternal grandparents, both immigrants from Spain. Ocaña received her primary education at the Santa Rosa de Lima School, an institution maintained by Dominican nuns. She was transferred to the San Justo Secondary School system and enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires in 1978, where she graduated with a degree in Political Science in 1983.
Ocaña became affiliated with the Justicialist Party and found work in the private sector, managing a number of import-export businesses in the San Justo area.
Ocaña became disaffected from the Justicialist Party following President Carlos Menem's unexpected adoption of free market policies after taking office and, in 1993, she aligned herself with the eight congressmen who had left the party to form the center-left Frente Grande. An adviser to Buenos Aires Province Congressman "Chacho" Álvarez (the party's leader), she was elected to the Argentine Lower House of Congress as a member of the Frente Grande's successor, FrePaSo, on the Alliance ticket that brought Álvarez to the office of Vice President in 1999.
Ocaña earned renown for her work in the Money Laundering and Capital flight Subcommitee in Congress, where in 2001 she led investigations into businessman Emir Yoma and Córdoba Province Vice Governor Germán Kammerath, among others. President Fernando de la Rúa's resignation in December and the attendant crisis dissolved the Alliance, whereby Ocaña joined fellow Congresswoman Elisa Carrió's ARI, a new center-left christian democratic party.
Enjoying Carrió's esteem, she was invited to run on the ARI ticket for Governor of Buenos Aires Province, but declined, opting to stand for reelection as Congresswoman. Prominent in the Small Business Committee, in January 2004 President Néstor Kirchner appointed her Director of the National Integrated Medical Attention Plan (PAMI), a national health insurance program hitherto struggling under chronic mismanagement. Known for her differences with her boss at the time, Health Minister Ginés González García, over abortion rights and birth control (which she opposed), she maintained a low profile while earning plaudits for her active intervention in a number of large public hospitals, notably the Hospital Francés. Increasingly distanced from ARI leader Elisa Carrió, Ocaña formally resigned her seat in Congress in 2006.
Hoping to win a fraction of ARI voters over following their defeat in the October 2007 elections, President-elect Cristina Kirchner offered Ocaña the post of Health and Environment Minister, which the popular PAMI director accepted, taking office on December 10. Ocaña's decision to demand reimbursement for around US$60 million in PAMI services rendered to health plans administered by the CGT and other labor unions intensified CGT Secretary General Hugo Moyano's opposition to her tenure, helping result in her June 23, 2009, decision to resign her post. Her departure from the Health Ministry was not announced until after the mid-term elections on June 28, and Tucumán Province surgeon and Vice Governor Juan Luis Manzur was tapped to succeed her on July 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21557316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557316" title="Kandurata cricket team">
Kandurata cricket team

Kandurata cricket team was a Sri Lankan first class cricket team based in Kandy, that represented Central Province of Sri Lanka. Kandurata competed in all three provincial tournaments:the first class cricket competition known as the Inter-Provincial First Class Tournament, the List A cricket competition known as the Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament and the Twenty20 competition known as the Inter-Provincial Twenty20. 
Kandurata is the current champion of Inter-Provincial Limited Over Tournament, and has won title in 2010–11, 2009–10, and the joint title in 2007–08 series. In 2007/08 Inter-provincial Limited overs tournament, Kandurata reached the finals by winning all their round robin matches, but the game was washed out due to rain.
Name.
From the commence of Inter-Provincial Cricket Tournament, the team representing Central Province is known as Central province team. But from the 2007/08 season, the team known as "Kandurata" team. "Kandurata" is Sinhalese for "Hill country". The hills or central highlands are mainly situated in central province.
History.
Early years (1990–2000).
Sri Lanka Cricket fearing that Club cricket alone would not be enough to keep Sri Lankan cricket competitive, the Inter-Provincial Cricket Tournament was created as a domestic first-class cricket tournament in Sri Lanka in 1990. From the inauguration of the tournament, in 1990, participating teams varied from year to year. The tournament started with four provincial teams. They were Western Province, Southern Province, North Western Province and Kandurata.
In the first first-class Inter-provincial tournament, which was called the 1990 Singer Inter-Provincial Trophy, Kandurata, then called Central Province, captained by J.R.Ratnayeke, had come second out of the four provinces, losing none but second to Western Provinceon points, with 11.4. Western Province went on to win the tournament, not losing a game.
Establishment of Twenty20 (2000–2010).
With the establishment of Twenty20 cricket in 2003, it came to Sri Lanka in 2004 as the Twenty20 Tournament, however this was replaced with the Inter-Provincial Twenty20 in 2008. Wayamba won the 2007–08 Inter-Provincial Twenty20, which was the first edition of the tournament. They had won four out of five matches in the group stage and eventually won their way into the finals with Ruhuna. Wayamba won by 31 runs.
Grounds and Sponsorship.
The team's home ground was Asgiriya Stadium, in Kandy. Which was later changed to Pallekele International Cricket Stadium once it was fully constructed. 
Pallekele International Cricket Stadium is one of the newest cricket stadiums in Sri Lanka and the newest in the city of Kandy. The stadium was declared opened on 27 November 2009. The stadium is located about a half-hour drive from Kandy. The Pallekele stadium is wholly owned by Sri Lanka Cricket and is set to displace the Asgiriya Stadium, which has hosted Tests from 1983 to 2007, as the international venue of choice around Kandy. The stadium was built by the State Engineering Corporation of Sri Lanka and is designed along the lines of SuperSport Park in Centurion, South Africa. 
Mas Holdings, a Sri Lankan apparel industrial firm is the team's sponsor.
Players.
Kandurata has some reputed Test cricket players such as Kumar Sangakkara and Muttiah Muralitharan. Unlike in India and Australia, where cricketers represent their home province or state, it is the norm in Sri Lanka for outside cricketers to play for another province in Inter-Provincial Tournament. This is because uneven distribution of cricketer population among provinces. Therefore it resulted in players like Nishantha Ranatunga and Sanjeeva Ranatunga from Western Province, where the most cricketing population occurs, playing in Kandurata or Central Province.
Current Squad.
Players with Test caps are listed in bold. One Day International caps in "italics."
Notable players.
The following is a list of notable players who have represented both Kandurata and Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="21557326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557326" title="Nikolay Dukhov">
Nikolay Dukhov

Nikolay Leonidovich Dukhov "Nikolay Leonidovich Dukhov" (Russian: Николай Леонидович Духов) (26 October 1904 – 1 May 1964) was a Soviet designer of cars, tractors, tanks and nuclear weapons.
Biography.
N.L.Dukhovu was working in a tractor factory. In 1926, the factory Komsomol assembly sent him to study in an institute in Kharkov, followed by a transfer without test to mechanical faculty in the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute to study engineer-design for tractors and cars. He was responsible for designing the Soviet tractors and heavy tanks in the 1930s. 
In World War II he was co-designer (with Zhozef Kotin) of the Stalin heavy tank. 
In 1948, he was nominated as the assistant to Yulii Khariton, the chief designer of the Soviet atomic bomb. He continued his work on nuclear projects until his death in 1964.
He taught in the Leningrad Road Institute and at mechanical faculty of the Leningrad Polytechnical Institute. He became a corresponding member of the Academy of sciences of the USSR (1953).
Awards.
Nikolay Dukhov received three awards of Hero of Socialist Labor (1945 - for tank designs, 1949 — for the first Soviet atomic bomb, and 1954 — for the first hydrogen bomb). He was also the winner of the Order of Lenin (1960) and five Stalin Prize (1943, 1946, 1949, 1951 and 1953), Lenin's four awards (1940), Suvorov's Awards of second degree, the Labour Red Banner, the Red Star.
In 2004, Ukraine celebrated the 100 anniversary of his birth.

</doc>
<doc id="21557335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557335" title="Geodeulji">
Geodeulji

Geodeulji is a small piece of white cloth to attach to the edge of sleeves of hanbok, traditional Korean attire. Its inner is back up by "changhoji" (창호지), a type of Korean paper and its width is about 6 ~ 8 cm. "Geodeulji" is attached to "dangui" (a ceremonial jacket) or "jangot" (장옷, a headgear) to cover hands because showing hands in front of seniors was considered not a courtesy during the Korean Joseon Dynasty. 
Although "geodeulji" was originally only allowed for "yangban" women (nobility) to use, since about 1900, it began to be used by commoners who could not have a ceremonial clothing like "hwarot" or "wonsam". They put it on their outer "jeogori" (a short jacket) for their wedding ceremony to represent the robe as a formal attire. "Geudeulji" is inwardly sewn at the edge of the sleeves and then is turned outwardly. Even though "geodeulji" was originally used to cover hands, it prevents the edge of the sleeves from getting dirty, so wearers used to change only "geodeulji". In addition, "hansam" (한삼), fabric extension attached to the sleeves of "wonsam" or "hwarot" is sometimes called "geudeulji" as well, because the two are similar in usage. However, "hansam" can cover thoroughly hands unlike "geudeulji".

</doc>
<doc id="21557360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557360" title="Grid-hpa">
Grid-hpa

Grid- History Based Prediction Architecture (Grid-HPA) is a distributed software tool for predicting resource requirements of a job(s) in Grid Computing. Grid-HPA uses similarity measurement based on centralized Historical data of jobs as a knowledge base for deployed Grid infrastructure. Using statistical analysis and similarity measurements, Grid-HPA can predict and provide minimum resource requirement alternatives as a decision support system for newly submitted jobs by clients. Clustering of historical jobs and dynamic updating of clusters improve the prediction accuracy of the tool in comparison to other relevant projects. This tool can be used as an assistant system for decision support in resource allocation and reservation with less knowledge about resource requirements of jobs in order to manage computing with less costs and in a short time with maximum efficiency which could result higher resource utilization of grid and cloud environments. The concept fits very well to the new issues of distributed systems such as cloud computing. Project members will announce soon the cloud adapted version. 
Mahdi Bohlouli is the project leader of Grid-HPA. The idea of this project has been started from his master thesis in 2007. Mahdi published the concept details and implementation results firstly in International Journal of Computer Science after having successful and more accurate implementation results. Java has been used for implementation part and the project database is based on SQL-Server. Project database consists of to the history of former executed jobs and their execution details as well as used resources for their execution. The proposed algorithm of prediction can be used for every job in every environment. The measured accuracy of prediction in a centralized approach is better than a decentralized method. Both methods have some advantages and disadvantages.
Introduction.
In Grid systems, the Quality of Service (QoS) is not limited to the network bandwidth, but extends to the processing and storage capabilities of the nodes. Thus the focus is on the degree a Grid can provide end-to-end QOS rather than providing only QOS on the network. When a Grid job has QOS requirements, it may be necessary to negotiate a service level agreement (SLA) to enforce the desired level of service. Resource reservation is one of the ways of providing guaranteed QOS in a Grid with dedicated resources. One of the major issues in resource reservation is correct matching of available resources with required resources, this results effectively utilize various resources in the system, such as CPU cycle, memory, communication network, and data storage. Correct matching operation depends on percept job resource requirements. This can be obtained by two methods. In the first method, environment can ask resource requirements from user. This is not proper in
QOS. Another method is that architecture itself predicts resource requirement. job resource requirements prediction algorithms operate on the principle that jobs with similar characteristics have similar resource requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="21557364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557364" title="Shavlik Technologies">
Shavlik Technologies

Shavlik Technologies was a privately held company founded in 1993 by Mark Shavlik, who was one of the original developers of Windows NT in the late 1980s and early 1990s at Microsoft. The company provided software and services for network vulnerability assessment and for managing network security patches. Mark Shavlik left his role as CEO when Shavlik Technologies was acquired by VMware in May 2011, then held the position of Vice President and General Manager at VMware until March 2013. In April 2013, LANDesk Software purchased the Shavlik business unit and all rights to the Shavlik products from VMware. During the same timeframe LANDesk announced a partnership which made VMware an Alliance Partner. Today, Shavlik is an independently managed business unit within LANDesk Software. The Shavlik product line consists of Shavlik Protect Standard, Advanced, and Government editions, Shavlik Patch for Microsoft System Center, Shavlik Management Intelligence, and Shavlik MDM.
History.
Prior to the acceptance of Windows NT as a legitimate, enterprise operating system in the late 1990s, most enterprise software was written for Unix or some other mainframe operating system. Shavlik’s roots were in providing consulting services to help organizations make the leap to Microsoft OS’s and contributed to them delivering products on NT. Shavlik later extended its services business into software security consulting, primarily with businesses in highly regulated industries such as banking and healthcare. The services centered on providing a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) to perform security audits and penetration testing.
In the early 2000s the failure to keep software up-to-date by applying patches was a common flag on audits. One of the central challenges in addressing the problem was that companies did not have an easy way to determine which machines were out of date and they did not have a methodology to deploy updates. During this era, Microsoft wrestled with addressing this issue internally. They wanted a tool to detect which NT servers in a large NT server environment were missing patches so “hot fixes” (see Hotfix) could be installed on those machines. However, because these NT servers were critical to operations, Microsoft required that this process be completed without installing any extra software, such as an agent, on the servers.
In an effort to address the “hot fix”issue, Shavlik built the first agentless patch scanner for Windows NT. The product was named HFNetChk (the acronym designating HotFix Network Check). The HFNetChk release was followed by another partnership wherein Shavlik helped build the Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer (MBSA). This tool did minimal patch scanning along with some basic OS configuration checks. It was delivered by Microsoft as part of the Windows 2000 Server Toolkit.
HFNetChk Pro 3.0, which was never released externally, introduced the ability to not only scan for missing patches but also to deploy those patches. This eliminated the need for an IT administrator to apply patches manually.
In 2003, Shavlik brought HFNetChk to market for the first time. Version 4 featured a Visual Basic “web friendly” user interface. Previous versions of HFNetChk were operated via a command line interface.
Patch Management.
In the winter of 2003, the SQL Slammer Worm (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_slammer_worm ) exploited a vulnerability in SQL Server that allowed a denial of service and slowed traffic on many internet hosts to a crawl. The worm went viral affecting 75,000 systems in the first ten minutes. Microsoft had made a patch available six months prior indicating that a failure to patch led to the widespread, security breach, not the vulnerability itself. 
Shavlik’s HFNetChk was the first product in the market that could scan for and deploy missing patches on Windows machines. In the aftermath of the SQL Slammer worm and after a series of other highly publicized exploits hit in 2003/2004, Shavlik made the decision to move away from consulting and to fully invest in software development for patch management products.
Shavlik Protect.
Shavlik added standalone and integrated anti-virus capabilities to version 5 of HFNetChk and changed the product name to HFNetChk Protect, eventually dropping HFNetChk. 
During the Version 6 timeframe, Protect introduced the capability to patch offline virtual machines and VM templates. This project was the first in a series of partnerships Shavlik entered into with VMware, and the capability meant that Protect could agentlessly patch machines in both physical and virtual environments.
With Version 7 and its various point releases, a new user interface was introduced as well as physical and virtual asset inventory. Agent support was integrated into Protect and was no longer offered as a separately licensed product. Shavlik also shifted more of its detection logic out of Protect and into the content.
Version 8 of Protect fixed many stability issues. Due to a number of customer complaints, Shavlik focused on making the product more stable. Version 9 introduced hypervisor patching for VMware implementations as well as the ability to patch off-network machines via the cloud.
Microsoft Collaboration.
Shavlik's technological advancements have been significant enough to attract attention from Microsoft, resulting in cooperative efforts between the two companies and the development of the Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer (MBSA), which is based on Shavlik's HFNetChk (the acronym designating HotFix Network Checker) released in 2001. This technology has evolved, but is still the core technology in the current product offerings and has been licensed by multiple OEM partners to provide patch management capabilities to a variety of IT management solutions with a combined install base of millions of users across the globe.
In the late 2000s, the industry saw applications being exploited by hackers shift from Microsoft OS and other Microsoft applications to third-party applications like Java, Adobe, music players, and non-Microsoft internet browsers. During this time, products like Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) provided Windows patch capabilities via the Windows Server Update Services (WSUS); however, it didn’t (and still doesn’t) patch third-party products. According to Global Analyst Firm Gartner, this left administrators with limited choices: don’t patch third-party products leaving the network at risk, author and test a custom patch each time a third-party product requires an update, or deploy the patches manually to each affected machine.
In April 2010, Shavlik released SCUPdates – a catalog of patch content that automated the process of building third-party patches and delivering them to Windows clients via an integration with Microsoft System Center Updates Publisher (SCUP) and SCCM. In tandem with the initial SCUPdates release, Microsoft and Shavlik also announced Shavlik’s inclusion into the Microsoft System Center Alliance. 
Patch Management to the Cloud.
In 2010 Shavlik released IT.Shavlik which provided a web-based front-end to the traditional Shavlik toolkit of asset inventory, patch scanning, and patch deployment. This Software as a Service (SaaS) application simplified the workflow for inventory and systems patching than was possible with the on-premise, Protect solution. 
In early 2009, Shavlik formed an OEM partnership with VMware to build a cloud-based application designed to help IT administrators in smaller businesses deploy a virtual environment. VMware Go (vGo) was intended to be an “onramp to virtualization,” serving smaller customers until they were ready to upgrade to the more sophisticated vCenter suite. vGo was originally brought to market as a free-use cloud-based product.
VMware and Shavlik invested heavily in vGo, and the product was expanded to include asset inventory, patch scanning, and an IT advisor recommendation engine. Later in attempts to monetize vGo’s services, a paid version called VMware Go Pro introduced patch deployment. This led to the migration of users from IT.Shavlik to VMware Go.
Acquisition History.
VMware’s interest in vGo as well as the virtual infrastructure patching capabilities within Protect led to its acquisition of Shavlik Technologies in May 2011. The terms of the acquisition were not publicly disclosed.
In January 2013, VMware announced its intent to “sharpen its focus” on the software-defined data center and hybrid cloud services. As part of this realignment, VMware sought to sell off products that weren’t contributing to its core business such as its SlideRocket presentation software and other “non-key cloud and virtualization technologies.” The Shavlik product line found itself on that list.
In April of 2013, LANDesk Software purchased the Shavlik business unit and all rights to the Shavlik products from VMware. At the same time LANDesk announced a partnership which added VMware to LANDesk’s list of Alliance Partners. Shavlik’s move to LANDesk triggered new investment in Shavlik Patch for Microsoft System Center (formerly SCUPdates) as well as other products that enhance the experience for companies using SCCM.

</doc>
<doc id="21557379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557379" title="University of the Valley">
University of the Valley

The term University of the Valley could refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21557390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557390" title="Behind (song)">
Behind (song)

"Behind" is name of a 2008 Electronica/Dance single from the Italian Alternative/Electronica group Flanders. The group co-wrote and co-produced the track with producer/remixer Vincenzo Callea, which is their follow up to their 2007 debut single "By Your Side." In the United States, it is by date their best known single, where it spent 20 weeks on the Billboard Hot Dance Airplay chart, including a 2 week stay at number one in December 2008.
Behind was remixed by ATB for his 2009 album Future Memories. His version was the 3rd single released from that album. 
CD, Maxi Singles.
Ego 12" Maxi-single 

</doc>
<doc id="21557391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557391" title="Lattin, County Tipperary">
Lattin, County Tipperary

Lattin is a village in, South Tipperary. It is a civil parish in the barony of Clanwilliam. It is also one half of the Lattin and Cullen parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly.
It is located on the R515 Ireland regional road between the towns of Emly and Tipperary.
Amenities and features.
The village comprises a church, a cemetery and two pubs. On the church grounds there is a hall for meetings and for amateur shows (school concerts, Scór competitions etc.). The cemetery is located approximately 100 meters west of the church. One pub is on the corner opposite the cemetery's entrance. The other is located on the other side of the village, on the road leading to Tipperary town.
Lattin is surrounded by rich pasture land, most of which is used for dairy farming. It is situated in an area of south Tipperary known as the Golden Vale, an area in which the land is particularly suitable for grass growing and dairy farming. In a sporting context, Lattin has a thriving GAA Club, known as Lattin-Cullen which is affiliated to the West Division Board of Tipperary GAA. The Club is known historically for its senior football team which has been among the most successful in the region during the last 50 years. Ironically, its best known player in the same period is Nicholas English of Cullen Village who has been one of the great names of inter-county hurling in the last 30 years.
The primary schools of Shronell and Mount Brúis tend to concentrate their religious and sporting activities in Lattin village.

</doc>
<doc id="21557393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557393" title="Sikeston School District">
Sikeston School District

Sikeston School District is centered in Sikeston, Missouri. The district includes several elementary and intermediate grade schools and Sikeston High School. During the 2008-2009 school year, there was a total of 3,759 students and 346 certified staff members enrolled in the Sikeston R-6 School District. The school colors are red and black and its mascot is the bulldog.
http://www.sikeston.k12.mo.us The Sikeston R-6 School District

</doc>
<doc id="21557395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557395" title="The Standard (band)">
The Standard (band)

The Standard are an American indie rock band from Portland, Oregon.
History.
The Standard formed in Portland in 1999 out of members who had all previously played in Portland indie groups. The group signed with Touch and Go Records in 2002 for one release, and had two releases on Yep Roc in 2004–05. In 2008, they released their last album "Swimmer" on Partisan Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21557431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557431" title="List of University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumni">
List of University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumni

The following is a list of notable alumni of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business ("Chicago Booth"), formerly known as the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. The business school was renamed in 2008 in honor of the $300 million gift made by David G. Booth. Chicago Booth has over 43,000 alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="21557460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557460" title="Fikrat Goja">
Fikrat Goja

Fikrat Goja (, born 1935 in Agdash), is an Azerbaijani poet.
In 1964, he graduated from Moscow's Maxim Gorky Literature Institute. Goja has been the executive editor of "Gobustan" since 1978 and he is active in the Writer's Union of Azerbaijan, becoming secretary in 1997. Many of Goja's poems in Azeri have been published.

</doc>
<doc id="21557464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557464" title="Principal (computer security)">
Principal (computer security)

A principal in computer security is an entity that can be authenticated by a computer system or network. It is referred to as a security principal in Java and Microsoft literature.
Principals can be individual people, computers, services, computational entities such as processes and threads, or any group of such things. They need to be identified and authenticated before they can be assigned rights and privileges over resources in the network. A principal typically has an associated identifier (such as a security identifier) that allows it to be referenced for identification or assignment of properties and permissions.

</doc>
<doc id="21557486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557486" title="Charlotte Valandrey">
Charlotte Valandrey

Charlotte Valandrey (née Anne-Charlotte Pascal; born 29 November 1968 in Paris, France) is a French actress. After early success she was widely tipped for stardom, but her career took a more modest course until the release of her autobiography in 2005.
Early life.
Born into an affluent family, Valandrey grew up in Brittany in north-western France. From the age of six she lived in the small coastal town of Val-André, from which she took her professional name in 1985.
Career.
Valandrey's debut film was Véra Belmont's 1985 political drama "Rouge Baiser", in which she played Nadia. Her highly acclaimed performance as a young communist in 1950s Paris was rewarded with an Ours d'argent and the César award for "Most Promising Actress" the following year. She also won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.
Personal life.
Valandrey's autobiography, "L'Amour dans le sang" ("Love in the Blood"; published in 2005), revealed her HIV status and the effect it had on her career. She also received a heart transplant in August 2003.
In March 2007, after selling over 280,000 copies of her book, Charlotte gave approval for its adaptation in the TV movie, "L'Amour dans le sang". Produced by Dominique Besnehard for Mon Voisin Productions, it was first broadcast on 23 November 2008 on France 3.
Charlotte is a patron of the "Greffe de vie" ("Foundation of Life Registry") and is committed to the cause of organ donation and transplantation.
In 2001, she gave birth to her daughter Tara, who is HIV-negative. On 4 November 2003 she underwent a heart transplant.

</doc>
<doc id="21557489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557489" title="Alu (musician)">
Alu (musician)

Alu is a Los Angeles-based eclectic chanteuse and composer who blends cabaret, goth, trip-hop and jazz into unique cinematic soundscapes. Her music has been compared to Björk, Kate Bush, Tim Burton and Federico Fellini. She is known for her dark yet quirky lyrics and fantasy storytelling. 
Alu is featured on the soundtrack to Clive Barker's The Midnight Meat Train, Public Radio International, NPR and Echoes Radio. Her post-apocalyptic ballad "Last Lullaby" is included in the 2007 controversial action thriller "Juncture" by film director James Seale. 
Alu's song "Circus Cosmos" was Echoes Radio Producer/Host John Diliberto's No. 1 Song of 2008 and her sophomore CD "Lobotomy Sessions" made his Top Ten List of 2008 for Best Album. "Lobotomy Sessions" was also one of Echoes 25 Essential Albums of 2008 (Staff Picks and Listeners' Poll).
Alu was nominated for two 2009 Just Plain Folks Music Awards in the Female Singer Songwriter Category: Best Album ("Lobotomy Sessions") & Best Song ("Buzzin' in my Brain").
On October 12, 2009, Alu's album "Lobotomy Sessions" placed number 33 in the Top 200 CDs for 20 Years of Echoes Radio. Other artists to make this Listener Poll were Loreena McKennitt, Moby, Steve Roach, Peter Gabriel, Dead Can Dance, Brian Eno, Enya, Sigur Rós and David Gilmour.

</doc>
<doc id="21557540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557540" title="Operation Sky Monitor">
Operation Sky Monitor

Operation Sky Monitor was a NATO mission to monitor unauthorized flights in the airspace of Bosnia-Herzegovina during the Bosnian War. The operation began in response to United Nations Security Council Resolution 781, which established a ban on the use of military aircraft in Bosnian airspace, and requested the aid of member states in monitoring compliance. Beginning on October 16, 1992, NATO monitored violations of the no-fly zone using E-3 Sentry NAEW aircraft based in Germany, Italy, Greece, and the United Kingdom. The operation documented more than 500 violations of the no-fly zone by April 1993. In response to this high volume of unauthorized flights, the Security Council passed Resolution 816, which authorized NATO to enforce the no-fly zone, and engage violators. In response, NATO deactivated Sky Monitor on April 12, 1993, transferring its forces to the newly established Operation Deny Flight.
Background.
On September 25, 1991, at the beginning of the Yugoslav wars, the United Nations Security Council issued Resolution 713, which established "a general and complete embargo on all deliveries of weapons and military equipment to Yugoslavia", with the goal of reducing violence and bloodshed throughout the country. In May, the Security Council reaffirmed the embargo in Resolution 757, and added a provision for a naval force to monitor compliance with the embargo. In resolution 757, the Council also called on states to "deny permission to any aircraft to take off, land in or overfly their territory if it is destined to land in or had taken off from the territory of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia", setting the precedent for later anti-air measures.
In response to resolution 757, NATO began to perform its first operations on behalf of the United Nations on July 16, 1992 with Operation Maritime Monitor, which monitored violations of Security Council Resolutions by ships. As a part of Maritime Monitor, NATO dispatched E-3 Sentry airborne early warning aircraft to the region to monitor sea traffic. These aircraft flew more than 200 missions over the course of the operation.
On October 9, 1992, the Security Council passed resolution 781. In the resolution, the Security Council expressed concern about the use of aircraft by the belligerents in the War in Bosnia and established a formal "ban on military flights in the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina". It also called upon member states to help the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) in monitoring "compliance with the ban on military flights". Shortly thereafter, on October 15, NATO aircraft operating under Maritime Monitor began monitoring flights over Bosnia for the UN. The essential goal of this mission was to conduct surveillance in order to determine whether or not the various parties in the conflict were respecting the UN no-fly zone. The next day, October 16, Operation Sky Monitor officially began when NATO planes expanded their monitoring with flight paths over the Adriatic.
Operation.
During Operation Sky Monitor, aircraft operated in two "orbits", one over the Adriatic established on October 16, and a second one over Hungary, established with the permission of the Hungarian government on October 31. Both of these orbits operated 24 hours a day, providing constant surveillance of Bosnian airspace. The first flight over Hungary on October 31 was an important milestone in NATO history as it was the "first operational mission in a former Warsaw Pact nation" for the alliance. Even more significantly, Hungary agreed that if a NATO aircraft were attacked in its airspace, the Hungarian Air Force would provide support with Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 fighters. This support never became necessary, but it marked another important milestone, actual military cooperation between NATO and the former Warsaw Pact.
The monitoring aircraft of Sky Monitor were initially drawn from the NATO Airborne Early Warning squadron based at NATO Air Base Geilenkirchen in Germany, but Aviano Air Base in Italy, Preveza in Greece, and Trapani in Italy were all used as forward operating bases. As the operation expanded, the British No. 8 Squadron RAF and the French E-3F squadron at Avord Air Base were also used. All of these NATO forces fell under the authority of Allied Forces Southern Europe, commanded by Admiral Jeremy Boorda of the United States Navy. Eleven NATO countries provided personnel or aircraft for the operation: Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Greece, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, 
Turkey, and the United States. 
The rules of engagement for Sky Monitor were very restrictive. Because the purpose of the operation was to monitor, rather than prevent, unauthorized flights, participating aircraft were only authorized to use force in self-defense. Furthermore, under the rules of engagement, NATO forces were directed to take evasive action if attacked rather than engage an opponent if at all possible. As a result of the strict rules of engagement, no NATO forces were engaged in combat during Operation Sky Monitor.
Sky Monitor documented many violations of the no-fly zone, the most significant of which came in March 1993, when Serb aircraft bombed two Muslim villages. This violation, the first "combat violation" of the no-fly zone, led to calls for NATO to actively enforce the zone, rather than just monitoring compliance.
Results.
At the beginning of April 1993, NATO had documented more than 500 violations of the no-fly zone over Bosnia, including violations from all sides in the conflict. Out of these numerous violations, however, NATO documented only one that it considered a "combat mission". Although most of the violations were not combat missions, NATO had decided even before the end of Sky Monitor that the UN ban was ineffective. On December 18, 1992, the NATO members voted to enforce the no-fly zone with military force if requested by the United Nations. This escalation of NATO involvement also gained the crucial backing of US President-elect Bill Clinton in December, when he told the press that he had "been in favor of enforcing the no-fly zone for some time."
The UN called for NATO to use force in response to the "blatant violations of the ban on military flights in the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina" with Security Council Resolution 816 on March 31, 1993. The resolution authorized UN member states to "take all necessary measures" in order "to ensure compliance" with the no-fly zone. As a result of this new resolution, NATO deactivated Sky Monitor, and began Operation Deny Flight on April 12, 1993. Under Deny Flight, NATO forces continued to monitor and document unauthorized flights, but they were also authorized to enforce the zone and engage violators if necessary.
Operation Sky Monitor was the first of many NATO air operations in the Balkans, including the more significant Operation Deliberate Force and Operation Allied Force. Sky Monitor was also NATO's first out of area air operation, and one of its first collaborative missions with the United Nations. Thus, it set the precedent for future NATO-UN cooperation, based on a model where NATO forces would use their superior technical expertise to assist the UN in pursuing its broader mission. Sky Monitor also had an impact on military policy, as it proved the utility of the E-3 Sentry, NATO's principal aircraft in the operation, for monitoring missions under a wide variety of circumstances. Thus, the E-3 became an important part of NATO's planning for later operations.

</doc>
<doc id="21557545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557545" title="Nnenna Nwakanma">
Nnenna Nwakanma

Nnenna Nwakanma is an FLOSS activist, community organizer, development adviser and development consultant originally from Nigeria in Africa. She is the co-founder of The Free Software and Open Source Foundation for Africa which she also co-chairs. She was elected as a board member of the Open Source Initiative in April 2007. She also co-founded The Africa Network of Information Society Actors, and the African Civil Society for the Information Society which she serves on. She is also a Vice President of the Digital solidarity fund. Previously, she served as the Information Officer for Africa of the Helen Keller Foundation. 
Nwakanma has spoken at numerous conferences on Open Source and Free Software and other topics including O'Reilly's OSCON, the Free and Open Source Developers European Meeting (FOSDEM) and Yale University's Access to Knowledge Conference, the The Ghana-India Kofi Annan Centre of Excellence in ICT, The Open World Forum.
The Internet Governance Forum.
She is the current Africa Regional Coordinator for the The World Wide Web Foundation where she supports work on the Alliance for Affordable Internet and the Web We Want 
In the framework of her Consultancy platform (http://nnenna.org) she offers development advisory and consultancy services to governments, development organisations, donors, non-governmental agencies and business.
Fluent in English, French and a handful of African languages, based in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, having lived in at least 5 different African countries, she normally introduces herself as 'African'.

</doc>
<doc id="21557578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557578" title="Mayhem Festival 2009">
Mayhem Festival 2009

Mayhem Festival 2009 was the second annual North American Mayhem Festival founded by Kevin Lyman.
Rockstar Mayhem Festival 2009 line up.
Band lineup as released by the press release from the Mayhem Festival website and bands page of the Mayhem Festival website.
Tour dates.
Mayhem Festival 2009 tour dates as seen on official website. Some dates that were originally seen on the press release have been removed with no explanation given.

</doc>
<doc id="21557610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557610" title="Dreaming of the Masters Suite">
Dreaming of the Masters Suite

Dreaming of the Masters Suite: Music Inspired by and Dedicated to John Coltrane is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick states "The Coltrane songs are played competently but without either the ecstatic abandon of their creator, or with the investigatory intelligence and wit of the Art Ensemble at its peak... The remaining compositions walk a similarly safe line; they're pleasant enough and well-played but don't have the bite or passion that admirers of this superb ensemble had come to expect".

</doc>
<doc id="21557664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557664" title="Beneath the Surface (disambiguation)">
Beneath the Surface (disambiguation)

Beneath the Surface may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21557669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557669" title="Spot.us">
Spot.us

Spot.Us is a non-profit organization designed to bring citizens, journalists, and news publishers together in an online marketplace based on crowdsourcing and crowdfunding methods and principles. It was founded in 2008 by David Cohn, who received a $340,000 grant from the Knight Foundation to pursue his idea. In November 2011 it was bought by American Public Media.
While providing a new option for funding journalism, it also has raised questions about activism and new sorts of conflict of interest.
Spot.Us originally focused on projects in the San Francisco Bay area, where it is headquartered. It expanded to Los Angeles in 2009 and plans to expand its scope to a national or international level.
Method of operation.
Stories begin as tips from the public giving an issue they would like to see covered, or pitches from a journalist to create a story, including the amount of money needed. Visitors to the website can then donate to fund the pitch.
Smaller stories cost a couple hundred dollars to fund, while the largest cost about one thousand dollars. Completed stories are available under a Creative Commons license. They can be viewed for free on the website and used free of charge by news organizations. News organizations that wish to gain temporary copyright of articles may do so by contributing over 50 percent of the funding.

</doc>
<doc id="21557688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557688" title="Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes">
Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes

Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes was a land grant in present day Los Angeles County, California given in 1821 to Bernardo Higuera and Cornelio Lopez by Pablo Vicente de Sola, the Spanish Governor of Alta California. In 1843, this Spanish grant was confirmed by Mexican Governor Manuel Micheltorena. "Rincón", translated from the Spanish, means corner or nook, and "Bueyes" are oxen or steer. 
Geography.
The grant was for the most part, diamond shaped with the exception of the southeast corner extending over one mile deeper than the other three corners. It was relatively small for a Spanish concession at that time and it was surrounded on all sides by five different ranchos. To the east there were two: Rancho Las Cienegas and Rancho La Cienega o Paso de la Tijera. On the west, there was Rancho La Ballona. Bordering the northwest boundary was Rancho San Jose de Buenos Ayres and to the northeast there was Rancho Rodeo de las Aguas.Rincon de Los Bueyes encompasses present day Cheviot Hills, Rancho Park, the northeast extension of Culver City, and a small section of Baldwin Hills with Ballona Creek.
History.
Governor Vicente de Sola granted a concession to Bernardo Higueraand Cornelio Lopez[1792- in 1821. Lopez soon quarreled with Higuera, leaving the latter in possession. Bernardo Higuera was the son of Joaquin Higuera, the alcalde of the Pueblo de Los Angeles in 1800. In 1834 Bernardo Higuera, and his wife, Maria del Rosario Palomares , moved to Los Angeles, leaving his brothers Mariano23 Jul 1804 Mission San Gabriel- and Policarpio 27 Jan 1799 same Mission to run the ranch. Bernardo Higuera bequeathed his Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes to his two sons, Francisco and Secundino.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, Francisco and Secundino Higuera filed their claim for Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes with the Public Land Commission in 1852. Their claim was rejected by the Commission in 1854, but upheld by the District Court in 1861. The grant was patented to Francisco and Secundino Higuera in 1872.
In 1849, José De Arnaz (1820–1895), the grantee of Rancho Ex-Mission San Buenaventura, bought Secundino Higuera's half share, and in 1867 bought Francisco Higuera's. In 1853, José de Arnaz, filed a claim for five square leagues of Santa Clara Mission rejected. In 1869 after the death of his wife, Maria Mercedes de Avila (1832–1867), Arnaz married Maria Camarillo (1848–1916) and moved to San Jose. He later returned to live on Rancho Rincon de los Bueyes.

</doc>
<doc id="21557690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557690" title="Munger Fort">
Munger Fort

The Munger Fort, located at Munger (also spelt as Monghyr during the British Raj), in the state of Bihar, India, is built on a rocky hillock on the south bank of the Ganges River. Its history is not completely dated but it is believed that it was built during the early rule of Slave dynasty of India. The Munger town where the fort is situated was under the control of Muhammad bin Tughluq of Delhi (1325-1351 AD). The fort has two prominent hills called the Karnachaura or Karanchaura, and the other a built up rectangular mound deduced to be the location of a citadel of the fort with historical links. The Fort had a succession of Muslim rulers (Khaljis, Tughlaqs, Lodis, Nawabs of Bengal, followed by Mughal rulers, till it was finally acceded to the British by Mir Quasim (1760–72), after unseating his father-in-aw Mīr Jafar on the grounds of old age, for a monetary reward negotiated by Vansittart. This deal involved payment by the East India Company’s merchants of an ad valorem duty of 9 percent, against an Indian merchant’s duty of 40%. The fort became a place of considerable importance to the British in Bengal till 1947 (India'a independence).
The fort houses a number of religious and historic monuments such as the Tomb of Pir Shah Nufa (died 1497), Palace of Shah Suja, Tomb of Mulla Muhammad Said (died 1704 AD), the Kashtaharini Ghat on the Ganges River, Chandisthana (an ancient temple) and an 18th century British cemetery. In recent times, a famous School of Yoga has been established here.
Etymology.
The etymology of the word Munger prefixed to the fort and to the town also called by the same name is "Mudgagiri" with links to the Mahbharata epic. A copper plate inscription of Devapala alludes to Munger. Another version is that the name could have derived from either sage Mudgala or Maudgalyayana, a disciple of Buddha. A further explanation by General Cunnigham is that it could have been named after the Mundas, its earliest inhabitants. C.E.A. Oldham gives a version that it was a ‘‘Munigriha’’ (the hermitage of a saint Muni).
History.
The Fort's history has been traced from 1330 AD onwards, under the rule of Muhammad bin Tughluq of Delhi. But its ancient history, as a town, mostly ruled by Hindu kings, is initially traced from a stone inscription to Chandra Gupta Maurya (4th century BC), (after whom it was initially called Gupta Garhis) and later dated to the kingdom of Anga, the capital of which was at Champa near Bhagalpur, and the Pala kings in the 9th century AD.
Munger, which was under the rule of the Karnataka dynasty of Mithila, was taken over by Bhaktiyar Khalji in 1225 AD and subsequently under the Khalji ruler, Gyasuddin Khalji.
For a brief period, it came under the control of Sultan of Bengal between 1301 AD and 1322 AD, following a peace treaty with Khaljis. This was followed by annexation of the area to Delhi by Muhammad bin Tughluq, during 1342 AD.
Inscriptions reveal that repairs were carried out to the fort during the reign of prince Danyal of Bengal (son of Bahlol Lodi) who held the post of Governor of Bihar, after the defeat of Jampur rulers by the Sultan of Bengal. It is also stated that prince Danyal of Bengal built the shrine of Sufi saint Shah Nafah within the south gate of the fort, in 1497 AD.
In 1534 AD, in a battle which took place in the plains of Surajgarha, the formidable army of Ibrahim Khan of Munger was defeated and he was killed by Sher Shah Suri who established the Suri Empire. Thus, the fort came under Sher Shah Suri's overlordship (1486 - May 22, 1545). In the subsequent war that took place between Sher Shah and Humayun, the Mughal Emperor, Munger was the centre of battle between the Afghan and the Mughals. Sher Shah won and the Mughal rule was substituted by Afghan rule.
In 1590, importance of the fort was enhanced by making it the headquarters of Bihar army of the rulers of Gaur under their general named Kutub Khan. Nasrat Shah had succeeded Hussain Shah in Bengal and his brother-in-law, Makhdun Alam, was given control of the Munger fort, which he in turn passed on to his general Kutub Khan.
From the time of the reign of Akbar in the late 16th century, Monghyr was controlled by the Mughal Emperors. Raja Todar Mal, Minister in the Mughal empire had camped at this fort when he was deputed to put down the rebel forces of Bengal. He substantially refurbished the fortifications of the fort. After a series of intruging changes in the governorship of Munger Shah Shuja, the second son of Shah Jahan, the Mughal Emperor and Aurangzeb's brother, had fled to this place to escape persecution, during his fight with his brothers for power. He was made governor of the region after protracted negotiations with his brothers Dara Shikoh, Murad and Aurangzeb, and under the treaty of 1685 Munger was added to Shuja’s reign. Shuja built a palace on the west side of the fort, which has been described as “as a very large house where the king (Suja) lived, walled next to the river, for about one and half Kos with bricks and stones, with a wall fifteen yards high”.
However, in 1745, Mustafa Khan, a rebel leader under General Alivardi Khan took control of the fort when its defenses had weakened. After a few days of stay in the fort, he continued his campaign towards Patna with lots of guns and ammunition taken from the fort.
In the 4th Maratha war of 1744, Maratha army had raided through Bihar and Munger. Jean Law, the French adventurer and partisan of Siraj ud-Daulah (1733 – July 2, 1757), the last independent Nawab of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa was running away after the Battle of Plassey. In July 1757, the British attempted an attack on the fort. Eyre Coote, the British officer (heading the British force) reached Munger in pursuit of Jean Low. But he could not enter the well fortified fort. He did not dare to attack the fort because the fort garrison had lined up "the ramparts with their matches held near the cannons." But the Governor of the fort provided him boats.
In February 1760, Major Caillaud of the Nawab of Bengal and his supporters defeated the Mughal Emperor Shah Alam II (1728–1806). The Emperor and his army moved out not only from the fort but also from the district. With this victory, the rule of Mir Qasim, the Nawab of Bengal began with Johan Stables, in charge of Munger fort, launching a successful attack on the Raja of Kharagpur who had opposed the Nawab of Bengal.
Monghyr was thus occupied by Mir Qasim Ali, the Nawab of Bengal (from 1760 to 1764). In 1763, Quasim shifted his capital from Murshidabad to Munger. His new appointee General Gurgin Khan from Isfahan patterned the Bengal Army on the lines of the British forces. At this fort, a factory for arsenal, for manufacturing of fire-arms was established. This tradition has continued to this day; several hundred families who have specialized in the manufacture of guns are continuing with this old tradition. He further added to the fortifications and also built palaces in the fort. Mir Quasim came to be known as a just ruler (he tried to eliminate corruption and injustice) but was also feared by his opponents as a fierce and ruthless warrior. He was also known for encouraging culture and had many scholars in his court. But all this ended soon as he had serious differences on trade and other administrative practices with the British. Mir Qasim later had to use the fort as a base for waging war against the British. But he was defeated in 1764. Later, he turned out to be a poor looser as he disgraced himself by committing serious atrocities on his own people in Munger fort and also in Patna, and also on the English army and other personnel who were captured in Patna. His criminal atrocities in Patna are known in the historical annals as the ‘Massacre of Patna’. Subsequently, the fort lost its glory. Lord Cornwallis, the Governor General, in British India, had built a country house here.
History also records a "White Mutiny" by disgruntled officers of the East India Company (who controlled the fort) in the precincts of the Munger Fort, which was put down in 1766 by Lord Clive. The mutiny broke out over the reduction of an extra monthly payment called "bhatta" to soldiers on active duty. After the suppression of the mutiny, a small garrison was thereafter stationed at the fort. Over the years, the maintenance of the fort was neglected.
Structure.
Under the Mughal rule, the fort was substantially expanded as a strong military fortification. The fort was an impressive structure with massive gates, one of which had been a strong fortification with square towers, with a deep moat. The moat was in width, surrounding the land side of the fort, thus making it strategically formidable. It opens to the Ganges river (which is wide here, but crossed only by boats) at either end thus enhancing the fort’s security.
The fort is spread over an area of over rocky hills with a peripheral length of. The fort has thick inner walls while the outer walls are thick forming the fortification, which is thick. The intervening space of between the inner and outer walls is filled with earth. The Ganges river hugs the fort walls on the west and partly in the north. On the landward side, there is a wide moat, which acts as a defense to the fortifications. There are four entry gates, within the octagonal fortress, with ramparts. The main gateway, called the Lal Darwaza, is still in good shape, even though the rest of the fort is mostly in ruins. This gate has a carved stone, which is said to belong to a Hindu or a Buddhist structure.
Other monuments in the fort.
The famous monuments located within the fort are:
Pir Shah Nufa, originally of Persin origin, was a Sufi saint who was sent to Munger by his guru Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti of Ajmer. His tomb dating his death to A.H. 596 (1177 AD) is located near a rampart in the fort close to the southern gate. It was built over an area of square with retaining walls supporting allround, on a high heap of earth (conjectured to be ruins of former Hindu or Buddhist structure). The carved stones of these ancient temples were pitted by holes and depressions, with the belief that such disfiguring would cure certain diseases of children. The domed tomb chamber, square with circular turrets, also encloses a prayer room and a rest room. Some ruins of ancient Hindu temples are also seen in the vicinity of this tomb.
Though locally known as the 'Palace of Shuja', the Mughal Prince, it is inferred to have been built earlier by Nawab Mir Qasim Ali, who also ruled from Munger. The palace is bounded by high rise walls on three sides and the Ganges river on the west side. As in any palace of the Mughals, it consisted of a Khas Mahal or 'Zanana Palace', the 'Diwane-I-Am' or Public Audience Hall and the Tope-Khana or Armoury (made of thick walls) (now a dormitory). There was also a mosque on the west side of the palace, now in ruins, but used as storehouse. There was a Turkish bath (hammam) and a dressing room to the west of the present day jailer's office. An interesting feature noted below the floor of the mosque is a dry well or pit of depth, which leads to several underground tunnels running in different directions. The well was, in earlier times, connected to the river through an opening, which has since been shored up. The Khas Mahal of the palace and the Public Audience Hall in side the fort, which are now seen mostly in ruins, are used as a jail and a school for the convicts.
Tomb of Mullah Mohammed Said was situated on the bastion at the south-west of the fort, but has since been removed. Mulla Mohammed Said hailing from Mazandran near the Caspian Sea, was a Persian poet (under the nom-de-plume of Ashraf). He was employed by Emperor Aurangzeb to tutor his daughter Zebunnisa Begum. He was also under the employment of Azim Shah, grand son of Aurangzeb, and who was the viceroy of Bihar. The Mullah, while on his way from Bengal to Mecca, died at Munger fort in 1704 and his tomb existed in side the fort.
The Ganges river that flows in front of Munger fort takes a turn in its flow direction towards the north ('Uttara vahini' in Sanskrit means: "north flowing"). At this location, a ghat (stepped approach to the river edge from the high bank built in stones) was constructed, which has a legend linked to it. An inscription at Kannauj records that Govind Chandra of Kannauj, a Gahadvala King, granted land on the bank of the river to build a ghat, after bathing in the Ganges river at Mudgagiri (Munger) on the occasion of the Hindu festival known as Akshaya Tritiya. There are several antiquities that have been unearthed at this ghat such as: an inscription of about the 10th century AD on the wall of the gateway that refers to king Bhagiratha and the construction of a Shiva temple; discovery of carvings and sculptures by archaeologist Bloch in 1903; an inscribed image of Dhyani Buddha (Buddha in meditation pose) describing the Buddhist doctrine;preserved now in the Indian Museum at Kolkatta). Hence, this location is venerated by the Hindus.
Chandisthana (meaning: place of goddess Chandi) is the location of a shrine, which is a village deity of goddess Chandi (Chandi or Caṇḍīika is the name by which the Supreme Goddess is referred to in Devi Mahatmya). It is considered as one of the 64 shakti peethas (a tantric cultural centre) in India. It is depicted in the form of a hole in a rock dated to the rule of king Karna Vikrama. The conjecture that it could be part of an ancient temple that existed here is yet to be established by archeologists by exploration of the area.
A natural rocky hillock dated to the ancient Raja Karna is named after him as the 'Karnachaura' or 'Karanchaura' or 'Karan Chabutara' (meaning: slab of Raja Karan). It is the highest point in the fort. Since the location commands a fine view of the surroundings, Raja Karan (he was a contemporary of Vikramaditya, the famous king of India) had built a house on the hill, which was later converted by the British to a saluting battery. In 1766, this base on the hill was crucial in subduing rebellion by some European officers of the garrison. Further refurbishing of the fort occurred during General Goddard's time when it was converted as the large residence (as it exists now) of the Commanding Officer of the British garrison. This building was later under the ownership of Maharaja of Vizianagram and then by the Raja of Murshidabad. Since 1978, it is under the ownership of the Bihar School of Yoga. Swami Satyananda Saraswati founder of the Yoga School has renamed it as 'Ganga Darshan'. The Yoga School is now renowned as a world centre for modern yogic/tantric renaissance. An old platform near the hill, in front of the bungalow, is also linked to the period of king Karna and his wife.
The second famous rock hillock (no specific name is given to this) within the fort is in fact an artificial rectangular raised platform where a citadel of the fort probably existed in the past. An old building called as 'Damdama Kothi' ('kothi' means "house"), conjectured to have been built by Muslim rulers or even earlier Hindu kings that existed here, was destroyed by the British to build the 'Collector's Bangalow'. When this strong Kothi (a masonry structure) was demolished by blasting, underground rooms were found. In addition, in a well in the compound of the bungalow, two arched passages were found; one lead to the house and the other in an opposite direction to the Shuja palace (now a prison). Stone carvings and sculptures were seen in exposed masonry of the Kothi, during Buchanan's archeological explorations.
The Bihar School of Yoga founded by Swami Satyananda Saraswati in 1964 to impart traditional yoga teachings to the world is headquartered inside the Munger fort. Apart from providing spiritual instruction to candidates, the school undertakes yoga projects and medical research in association with other agencies. It is the World's first Yoga University and a deemed university. It attracts students from all over the world. Around 400 Australians, Americans and others register for the yoga course every year, with this figure rising continuously.
Visitor information.
Munger fort and the Munger town are well connected by road, rail and air communications through Patna, the capital city of Bihar. Patna is connected by air to all major cities in India. It has a very good network of rail and road links with all major cities in the country. The road distance from Patna to Munger is .
The Ganges river, which has been declared as the National Waterway 1 flows to the south bank of the Munger town. It extends from Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh to Kolkata in West Bengal. En route, the towns covered are Bhagalpur, Munger, Patna and Buxar. A tourist cruise service authorised under a Memorandum of understanding with Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) has been launched recently to cover this navigational route to visit several tourist destinations, including Munger fort.

</doc>
<doc id="21557707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557707" title="Comet Falls">
Comet Falls

Comet Falls is a tall waterfall located on Van Trump Creek in Pierce County, Washington. The falls are thought to be the best in the Mount Rainier region.
Stature.
At first glance the falls drop about out of a hanging valley in one lofty plunge. The height of the plunge is actually . The falls are more than that though, as there are two obvious smaller tiers below the main drop as well as one just visible above the main drop. The bottom two drops are 40 and high while the height of the upper drop is not known. In any case, assuming the upper drop is at least high, the falls are likely around high.
Debris Flow of 2001.
Due to the strong bedrock the falls flow over, the falls themselves were not damaged, but the mudflows still left their mark. A canyon up to deep was carved by the mudflows just below the falls and all plant life lining the creek below the falls was washed away and replaced by dead vegetation. Also, the pool at the base of the main drop was filled in by rock and debris.
Floods of 2003 and 2006.
The floods of 2003 and 2006 actually helped the falls a lot because it removed most of the debris that previously lined the creek below the falls. Once again, due to the strong bedrock the falls flow over, the falls were not altered much.

</doc>
<doc id="21557720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557720" title="Palamu Fort">
Palamu Fort

History.
Medini ray, the just, ruled for thirteen years from 1662 to 1674. This king is, by far the most famous in the whole Chero line. He extended his sway over South Gaya and large parts of Hazaribagh and Surguja. He invaded and defeated the Maharaja of Chhotanagpur in his capital city of Doisa, now called Navaratragarh, 33 miles from Ranchi. With its spoils, he built one of the Palamau Forts (the lower fort) near modern Satberwa, which played so important a part in the subsequent history of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="21557728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557728" title="Masquerade (theatre group)">
Masquerade (theatre group)

Masquerade - the performance group is a Chennai based English theatre group. It is one of the few theatre groups in Chennai that survive without financial sponsorship or funding, backed by public faith and smaller donorships.
Company history.
The early years.
'Masquerade - The Performance Group' was founded in June 1994 and debuted with its first performance at Sittrarangam (a little thatched-roof performance structure that existed inside the Island Grounds that overlooks the War Memorial), near Anna Square. Founded on the lawns of Max Mueller Bhavan (Chennai), at the Bhavan's Khader Nawaz Khan Road erstwhile premises, the group was a result of six individuals from various walks of society ranging from ballet dancing to accountancy, costume designing to teaching and research and their common passion towards live theatre art. In a city where English theatre happened originally among a few high-in-the-social ladder aficionado purveyors of theatre art then, Masquerade, in the company of a few of its ilk aspiring amateur English theatre youth groups, strove to erase an elitist view of English theatre in Chennai.
With inspirational support from Late Herr Klaus Schindler (then Director) and Herr Franz Xaver Augustin (then Language Dept Head), Masquerade's first theatre performance was an experimental adaptation of Austrian playwright Hugo von Hofmannsthal's Elektra. To further foster Masqerade's theatrical vigour, under their artists support program, Masquerade's Artistic Director was sponsored to an internship at Oldenburg Staatstheater. In its early years during the 1990s, many of Masquerade's productions were German plays performed in English. Besides Hofmannsthal's Elektra (1994), the group had added Duerrenmatt's Romulus the Great (Ides of March 1995 production), Incident at Twilight by the same author (September 1994), A retro trip through modern and contemporary German Drama featuring seminal excerpts from Wedekind's Spring Awakening, Buechner's Leonce and Lena, Brecht's Arturo Ui and Both Strauss's plays (June 1995), Buechner's Leonce and Lena (1997), Guenther Grass's The Plebeians rehearse their Uprising (1998) and The Broken Jug (Kleist) to its German-based repertoire.
The Evolution.
Through the 1990s and the early part of the New Millennium, the group had a staggering output of around 50 productions (200+ performances), story performances & performative story readings for children, a vast body of Poetry readings in conjunction with The Culture Cafe - British Council, Chennai as well as collaborations with virtually every single local English and parallel Tamil theatre group. Masquerade's members had then, also exhaustively lent their hands in support to travelling domestic and international repertories in technical as well as backstage capacity. In 2003. Masquerade hosted Curtain Raiser's Kandor (from Malta) featuring the duo of Patrick Vella & Claire Agius, who travelled to India from Edinburgh Fringe and performed in Chennai & Cochin.
The New Millennium.
Later in 2004, 10 years after Masquerade's inception, when the group decided to found Chennai's first youth theatre group Landing Stage, Electra was again to be the debut performance. Masquerade has currently completed 19 seasons and close to 80+ productions. The group has branched off into supporting the growth of teen and tween theatre activity in the city, with its Masquerade Youth Theatre (2009) and The Bear & Beanbag Children's Theater (2010).
Masquerade was instrumental in setting up and promoting "Natak" An inter-collegiate theatre festival. The first season of Natak was in 2000, which saw the participants from various city colleges, The following year saw entries from colleges across India. Students were given the platform to design, plan and execute the entire production. Students were provided professional support from the Masquerade team in areas of Light and sound design and execution, as well as with back stage support and planning. A stipend was paid to the teams to minimize the financial burden on the teams. A standard set of lights and sound equipment, paid for by Masquerade, was made available to the teams in designing their shows.
Performances are social and community-oriented. Masquerade introduced "Three @ Twenty", a community theatre initiative to promote new writers in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21557740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557740" title="1886 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1886 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1886 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1886 college football season. The team played only two games, both against . Michigan won both games by a combined score of 74 to 0. Charles D. Wright, a senior from Minneapolis, Minnesota, scored six touchdowns in the first game. The manager and goalkeeper was John L. Duffy, a senior from Ann Arbor.
Horace Prettyman.
The team's captain was Horace Greely Prettyman, from Bryan, Ohio. Prettyman played eight years for the Michigan football team and was captain of the Michigan team three straight years from 1884 to 1886. No other player in the history of Michigan football has been selected as captain three times. In Prettyman's three years as captain, Michigan never lost a game, winning seven games and outscoring opponents 192 to 10.
Game notes.
Game one: Michigan 50, Albion 0.
The first game was played on October 16, 1886, at Albion, with Michigan winning by a score of 50–0. "The Michigan Argonaut" described the game as "a walk-over for our team." The score was already 37 to 0 when time was called for the half, and the "Argonaut" singled out Wright, Prettyman and Frank Higgins for their fine play. The writer noted that the Albion team was "not in fine trim" and failed to get the ball near the Michigan goal. Perhaps trying to find something favorable to say about the opponent, the "Argonaut" reporter observed that "the Albion team did their best work in tackling."
Game two: Michigan 24, Albion 0.
The second game was played at the Ann Arbor Fairgrounds on October 30, 1886, as part of a "field day" that included various athletic events. Michigan won the football game against Albion 24 to 0. The "Michigan Argonaut" noted, "The most striking difference between the elevens was that of weight, U. of M. presenting a much heavier team. It was evident, however, that Albion had come to play ball, and what they lacked in avoirdupois was in great measure made up by neat and rapid playing." The teams agreed to play "two innings of thirty minutes each," and the "rugby game" started at 3:35 with referee George W. Whyte calling, "Play." Michigan lost the toss, and Jaycox kicked off for Michigan, sending the ball near Albion's goal line. Michigan scored its first touchdown seven minutes into the game to take the lead 6 to 0. Jaycox and Jim Duffy made several fine runs, and "Prettyman's play was characterized by his usual heavy rushing." Michigan scored a second touchdown "just before the inning was called," and led 12 to 0 at the intermission. The second inning began at 4:40 p.m., and the "Argonaut" reported that "Albion played a much better game in this inning that did Michigan, and several times it looked as though they would score." Jaycox and Jim Duffy made several bad fumbles in the second inning, and Morrow, "who had been serving in first-class style one-fourth back, made several poor throws to the half backs and lost ground for Michigan." Jim Duffy made two brilliant runs in the inning, and Jaycox ran for a touchdown shortly before the game ended. Albion objected that the field was "overrun with spectators," and also claimed that Jaycox had run out of bounds on his touchdown run, but the claim was overruled. The "Argonaut" concluded its report on the game by noting, "The Albion boys were gentlemen, and played a square game."

</doc>
<doc id="21557784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557784" title="Beneath the Surface (picture book)">
Beneath the Surface (picture book)

Beneath the Surface (ISBN 9780733619328) is a children's picture book by the author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman. It is a sequel to "The Watertower". It was published in 2004, 10 years after its prequel.
It is about Dr Spiros Trotter, aka Spike from "The Watertower", who is a hydrologist. He returns to Preston to test the water in the mysterious watertower on the hill. The words in the book describe Spike's actions, while the pictures on each page skip all around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="21557785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557785" title="Madeleine Taylor">
Madeleine Taylor

Madeleine Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21557816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557816" title="Nikkitasha Marwaha">
Nikkitasha Marwaha

Nikkitasha Marwaha is an American reality television contestant and beauty pageant titleholder of Indian descent. She won Miss India Worldwide 2009, chosen at Durban, South Africa on February 14, 2009. She was a contestant on "Dance India Dance" season two. She placed First Runner-up on NDTV's Hunt for the Kingfisher Calendar Girl in 2012.
Recently she was seen as the assassin 'Mehr' in Anil Kapoor's newly released 24 (Indian TV series) on Colors.
Marwaha is from the state of Virginia, in the DC Metropolitan area. She grew up in Fairfax, Virginia, where she attended Greenbriar West Elementary School, Lanier Middle School, and Robinson Secondary School. She completed the IB Diploma candidate program in 2008 and went on to study at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="21557817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557817" title="Sultanate of Tidore">
Sultanate of Tidore

Sultanate of Tidore (Indonesian: "Kesultanan Tidore", sometimes "Kerajaan Tidore") was a sultanate in Southeast Asia, centered on the Spice Islands of Tidore, a rival of Sultanate of Ternate for control of the spice trade.
The Sultanate of Tidore ruled most of southern Halmahera, and, at times, controlled Buru, Ambon and many of the islands off the coast of New Guinea. In 1605 war broke out with neighbouring Ternate. Tidore had established a loose alliance with the Portuguese in the seventeenth century who had several forts on the island. Ternate had allied with Dutch traders. 
Tidore established a loose alliance with the Spanish in the sixteenth century, and Spain had several forts on the island. While there was much mutual distrust between the Tidorese and the Spaniards, for Tidore the Spanish presence was helpful in resisting incursions by their Dutch enemy on Ternate, as well as their Dutch ally, that had a fort on that island.
Before the Spanish withdrawal from Tidore and Ternate in 1663, Tidore became one of the most independent kingdoms in the region, resisting direct control by Dutch East India Company (VOC). Particularly under Sultan Saifuddin (r. 1657-1689), the Tidore court was skilled at using Dutch payment for spices for gifts to strengthen traditional ties with Tidore's traditional periphery. As a result he was widely respected by many local populations, and had little need to call on the Dutch for military help in governing the kingdom, as Ternate frequently did. 
Tidore remained an independent kingdom, albeit with frequent Dutch interference, until the late eighteenth century. Like Ternate, Tidore allowed the Dutch spice eradication program ("extirpatie") to proceed in its territories. This program, indended to strengthen the Dutch spice monopoly by limiting production to a few places, impoverished Tidore and weakened its control over its periphery.

</doc>
<doc id="21557839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557839" title="Manasamangal Kāvya">
Manasamangal Kāvya

Manasamangal Kāvya ( ) is the oldest of the Mangal-Kāvya and narrates how the snake-goddess Manasa established her worship in Bengal by converting a worshipper of Shiva to her own worship. Manasa was a non-Aryan deity and her worship was an ancient one in Bengal. It is believed she came to Bengal with the Dravidians who worshipped her in the hope that she would protect them against snakes. Manasa is also known as Bisahari, Janguli and Padmavati.
Story.
The story of Manasamangal begins with the conflict of the merchant Chandradhar or Chand Sadagar with Manasa and ends with Chandradhar becoming an ardent devotee of Manasa. Chandradhar is a worshipper of Shiva, but Manasa hopes that she can win over Chand to her worship. But, far from worshipping her, Chand refuses to even recognize her as a deity. Manasa takes revenge upon Chand by destroying seven of his ships at sea and killing his seven sons. Finally, Behula, the newly-wed wife of Chand's youngest son Lakhindar, makes the goddess bow to her love for her husband through her strength of character, limitless courage and deep devotion. Behula succeeds in bringing Chand's seven sons back to life and rescuing their ships. Then only does Behula return home.Manasamangal is basically the tale of oppressed humanity. Chandradhar and Behula have been portrayed as two strong and determined characters at a time when ordinary human beings were subjugated and humiliated. The epic brings out the caste divisions and the conflicts between Aryans and non-Aryans. The conflict between human beings and the goddess brings out the social discriminations of society, as well as the conflict between Aryans and non-Aryans. Shiva, whom Chand worshipped, was originally not an Aryan god, but over time was elevated to that position. Manasa's victory over Chand suggests the victory of the indigenous or non-Aryan deity over the Aryan god. However, even Manasa is defeated by Behula. The poem thus suggests not only the victory of the non-Aryan deity over the Aryan god, but also the victory of the human spirit over the powerful goddess. Manasamangal is also remarkable for its portrayal of Behula who epitomises the best in Indian womanhood, especially the Bengali woman's devotion to her husband.
Poets of Manasamangal Kavya.
The earliest poet of this genre of medieval Bengali literature was probably Kana Haridatta (c. 13th century), but his work is no longer existent. His name is found in both the works of Bijay Gupta and Purushottam. Other poets who composed versions of Manasamangal after him were Purushottam, Narayan Deb (c 15th century), Bijay Gupta and Bipradas Pipilai. Bijay Gupta's "Manasamangal" (or "Padmapuran") (1484-5) is perhaps the most popular of these versions because of its rich literary qualities. Bipradas Pipilai's "Manasabijay" (1495-6) was also composed during the same period. Narayan Deb's work is also known as "Padmapuran".
Ketakadas Kshemananda (c.17th century), Jagajjiban Ghoshal (c.17th century) and Jibankrishna Maitra (c.18th century) were later poets of this genre.

</doc>
<doc id="21557858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557858" title="Loboc River">
Loboc River

The Loboc River is a river in the Bohol province of the Philippines. It is one of the major tourist destinations of Bohol. 

</doc>
<doc id="21557860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557860" title="Chahid Oulad El Hadj">
Chahid Oulad El Hadj

Chahid "The Pitbull" Oulad El Hadj (born in 21 June 1988) is a Moroccan-Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands.
El Hadj is known as a promising fighter who proved himself with his performances against some tough, solid fighters such as Gago Drago and Murat Direkçi. El Hadj is trained by his brother Hamid El Hadj.

</doc>
<doc id="21557876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557876" title="CCPN">
CCPN

CCPN can refer to any one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21557882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557882" title="St. Louis Jr. Blues">
St. Louis Jr. Blues

The St. Louis Jr. Blues are a Tier III Junior A ice hockey team in the North American 3 Hockey League (NA3HL). The team plays their home games at the Affton Ice Rink in Affton, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri.
History.
Before moving to Tier III junior hockey The Jr. Blues competed in Junior B hockey, the team won the Jr. B National Championship in 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007. And the 2010 Tier III Jr. A National Championship.
Alumni.
The Jr. Blues have had many alumni move on to, higher levels of junior ice hockey, NCAA Division I, Division III, ACHA College, a profesional levels, including the NHL.
Notable alumni include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21557889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557889" title="Suitcase101">
Suitcase101

Suitcase101 is a Filipino band that was formed in 2004 by a group of students. The band is famous and most lauded for its original rock novelty songs and often satirical covers of famous songs. The band has since transcended musical genres, varying styles from one song to another - alternative rock to pop rock, funk to rapcore, and so on - while providing comic relief to their listeners. who became popular after winning the Globe Kantabataan singing tilt.
Early life and career.
The band was formed in 2004. The name Suitcase101 was derived from the band Matchbox20, whom at that time the band started was quite popular. Formed in the mid-2005, Suitcase101 started as an acoustic band in a local resto bar in Bohol who left the band for some reasons. Vocalist Adrian Bayron was in the band then.
Its metamorphosis was closely watched by fans from being an acoustic band to alternative rock band. Suitcase101 continued performing and composing songs the new members decided to take the "band thing" seriously. With Adrian on vocals, Alva Duaban on guitars, Arvin Avergonzado on drums and Venjo Busalla on bass. Slowly gaining popularity with their first original composition "Kalahati" as their regular audience would bring over a friend the next time they come. There was even a time that the song was played twice on the same night as late comers would insist on requesting for the song even though it was already played earlier.
They recorded the song "Kalahati" and two other original tracks namely "Never Need Someone" and "Three Years Since" in Backyard Project Studios in Cebu City last March 2007. They burst into Bohol's music scene as they released "Kalahati" and "Never Need Some" on local radio stations 911 FM and 102.3 Kiss FM, winning 6 Battle of the Bands, and opened for Manila-based artists such as Bamboo, Imago, Moonstar88, Hale and Urbandub to name a few.
Suitcase101 created a wave when the band the national search of the GlobeKantabataan 2007. It seems that there was no depth on the band's name, but during the course of the Globe Kantabataan competition, the band was frequently traveling back and forth Manila and Bohol. They discovered that traveling together with the band makes their bond a lot stronger and they just love traveling together. Hence, the name Suitcase101 just fit quite right for the band.
Slowly gaining recognition in the Visayas area as their songs "Kalahati" and Globe Kantabataan winning entry "Posible ang Lahat" are enjoying regular airplay in Cebu's radio stations 91.5 Hot FM and 93.1 Smash FM. The recent Battle of the Band that they won was Sandugo Battle of the Bands '07 where Adrian won the Best Vocalist, Alva as the Best Guitarist, and Arvin won as the Best Drummer for the third time. But the most prestigious competition they have won is the Globe Kantabataan '07. Besting over hundreds of hopefuls and making them 7-time Battle of the Bands Champions.
Following the success of Globe Kantabataan, Alva decided to leave the band to pursue his nursing degree, a move that every parent should be proud of. Getting another guitarist was not a problem as Felix Bacareza was ready to fill the void that Alva left. Felix is not a stranger to the band as he had already played with the band as a session guitarist.
The closeness of the members and support from their families and girlfriends-they gave the band the rush of energy-the energy they need to go to the studio, practice, produce an album and perform more gigs. The band thrives on playing live. Be it a small gathering or a big arena, they will sweat the same. Fueled by diverse influence on each of the members, their music combines an aggressive melodic vibe with honest to goodness lyrics, raw emotion and unrestrained passion.
Award.
• Grand champion, Globe Kantabataan
Update.
Suitcases101 performed at the Sanggunang Kabataan (SK) National Congress 2008 singing the SK theme song with Philippine Pres. Gloria Macapagal Arroyo as guest of honor
Album.
After three years, Suitcase101 has a self-titled debut album. They don't have regrets releasing a "late" album as the cliché goes, there's time for everything.
The album has 11 songs--- Riddle, Three Years Since, Kalahati, Never Need Someone (they hate girls!), 163, Starlight, Foreman, Handuraw, Boholano, Live Loud Kicking Out and Lakas ng Himig, the official theme song of the Sangguniang Kabataan--- with two bonus tracks, Kalahati acoustic version and Posible Ang Lahat. Listening to the songs, Suitcase101 is creating a sound different from the rest, it's a Suitcase brand of music toning down the sound of maturity and turning up the volume of youthfulness. The songs in the album are edgies, funckier and really speak about their age and the fans.

</doc>
<doc id="21557904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557904" title="Débora Giorgi">
Débora Giorgi

Débora Adriana Giorgi (born October 21, 1959) is an Argentine economist, currently the nation's Minister of Industry.
Life and career.
Giorgi was born in Balvanera, Buenos Aires, in 1959 and graduated with honors from the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina with a degree in Economics, later publishing numerous academic articles in her specialty. She entered the world of high finance as an arbitrageuse and, in 1989, co-founded Alpha Economic Studies, a financial consulting firm contracted by then-Argentine Central Bank President Javier González Fraga, a prominent conservative figure. She married Javier Ordóñez, a lawyer, in 1986, had one son and later bought a home in Buenos Aires' upscale Belgrano section.
Giorgi left Alpha Economic Studies in 1999 to accept a prominent post as Secretary of Commerce (a sub-Cabinet level position) at the hand of newly elected President Fernando de la Rúa's first Economy Minister, José Luis Machinea. Later named Secretary of Energy and Mining, she was transferred to the powerful post of Secretary of Industry by Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo. Following President Fernando de la Rúa's resignation in December 2001, she returned to Alpha, whereby she was invited as Director of the International Negotiation Center of the Argentine Industrial Union (UIA), Argentina's leading manufacturers' lobby.
Giorgi was appointed Minister of Production of the Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina's largest) by Governor Felipe Solá in 2005. In that capacity, she reopened the Undersecretariat of International Economic Relations, making the pursuit of foreign trade avenues central to her department's policy. She was also instrumental in the adoption of sizable tax cuts in the province during her tenure.
The 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector helped lead to the reinauguration of the Production Ministry at the urging of UIA President José Ignacio de Mendiguren. The powerful Economy Ministry transferred a number of influential Secretariats to the new Cabinet-level position ("see "external links," below"), which would have oversight over much of the Argentine economy's goods-producing sector in its purview. Recommended by Buenos Aires Province Governor Daniel Scioli, Débora Giorgi was sworn in as Production Minister on November 26, 2008. By way of further steps to improve her strained relations with the important agrarian sector, President Cristina Kirchner transferred the Production Ministry's farm policy portfolio into a new Ministry of Agriculture, renaming the former post as the Ministry of Industry.
Giorgi implemented numerous measures in support of import substitution industrialization during her tenure, and presided over a marked shift toward domestic supply among a growing number of sectors previously dominated by imports. 

</doc>
<doc id="21557913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557913" title="Bobby Weale">
Bobby Weale

Robert Henry "Bobby" Weale (9 November 1903 – 1970) was a Welsh footballer who played as an outside right for various clubs in England and Wales in the 1920s and 1930s.
Football career.
West Ham United.
Weale was born in Troed-y-rhiw in Glamorgan and after playing youth football for Merthyr Tydfil he was signed by West Ham United in March 1925. He made his first team debut on 10 October 1925, replacing Tommy Yews in a 1–0 victory over Notts County. He only made three First Division appearances for the "Hammers" in his two years with the club, before being transferred to Swindon Town in June 1927.
Swindon Town.
He made his Swindon Town debut on 17 September 1927 in a Third Division South match against Charlton Athletic (drawn 2–2). Weale was unable to displace the long serving Bertie Denyer on the right wing and it was only in April 1928 that he had a run in the first team when he played five matches, initially on the left (replacing Alec Thom) before switching to his favoured right wing. In the following season, he replaced Denyer for a run of thirteen matches from September, in which he scored seven goals (including twice against both Brighton & Hove Albion and Torquay United in consecutive matches). Once Denyer returned from injury in early December, Weale was transferred to Southampton.
Southampton.
The "Saints" paid a then club record of £1000 to bring Weale to The Dell having been watching him for some time. He immediately replaced Bert Jepson in the No. 7 shirt and made his debut on 8 December 1928 in a 1–1 draw at Clapton Orient. A "fast, clever right winger", he made a promising start to his Southampton career, and scored a hat trick in a 4–0 victory over Notts County on Boxing Day, following this with goals in the next two matches. His crosses helped the centre-forwards, Willie Haines (in 1928–29) and Dick Rowley (in 1929–30) to score 16 and 25 goals respectively. 
By the middle of the 1929–30 season, Weale's form had become erratic and he lost his place to Jepson. Despite this, the club offered him a new contract in the summer of 1930, with terms of £5 per week (both winter and summer) rising to £8 per week when in the first team. Weale declined the contract and decided to move back to Wales.
Later career.
Weale spent the 1930–31 season with Cardiff City, for whom he made only five appearances before a spell in non-league football. He subsequently played for Newport County and Wrexham and then travelled to Belfast to join Glentoran, before finishing his career back in the lower leagues in England.
Family.
His younger brother, Tom, was also a professional footballer who had an unsuccessful trial with Southampton in 1929, before joining Swindon Town. He subsequently had long spells with Crewe Alexandra and Burnley.

</doc>
<doc id="21557919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557919" title="Right Here, Right Now (film)">
Right Here, Right Now (film)

Right Here Right Now (2003) is a short film written and directed by Mumbai based filmmaker Anand Gandhi. It won critical acclaim and wide audience appreciation in the years following its premiere at the Indo-British Film and Video Festival. It has achieved a near-cult status in the Indian underground.
Synopsis.
A young man in his haste to go some place takes two actions - he screams at his mother for making him late, and he lovingly appreciates his brother's painting. His mother vents out her anger on her maidservant. Here the 'frustration cycle' starts. The maid, in turn, shouts at her daughter upsets her boyfriend by refusing to go for a movie with him. Meanwhile, the young man's brother gifts the painting to his girlfriend, who makes her dad happy. Her dad, in turn, drives the car himself as a b'day present for the driver. The driver, in turn, gets a boy on the street a free bicycle ride. The boy helps an old lady in carrying heavy things. This makes her happy & she urges her granddaughter to flee with her boyfriend.
This is the zenith of the 'happiness cycle' created by the young man. The granddaughter's boyfriend decide to meet somewhere, but on his way, the bf sees a man getting hit by a car. The culprit is the same guy who is at the end of the 'sadness/frustration cycle' also created by the young man .
Thus, the cycle of sorrow and joy riding a Domino stairway is brilliantly showcased by the filmmaker in just two shots straight. It is bewildering to see, how, after shaking hands with 15 other characters and traveling through 17 locations, in just two shots, both the cycles meet at the end in an attempt to give a logical understanding to the seemingly absurd human life.

</doc>
<doc id="21557921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557921" title="List of University of Chicago Booth School of Business faculty">
List of University of Chicago Booth School of Business faculty

The following is a list of scholars and professors at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Distinguished faculty, including Nobel Prize winners, teach MBA students not only established best practices, but also the findings of their latest research. [http://portal.chicagogsb.edu/portal/server.pt?space=CommunityPage&cached=true&parentname=CommunityPage&parentid=1&in_hi_userid=28222&control=SetCommunity&CommunityID=207&PageID=0]

</doc>
<doc id="21557972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557972" title="Guerreros">
Guerreros

Guerreros (lit. "Warriors") is a 2002 Spanish film about a group of Spanish soldiers and their French allies stationed in the border between Kosovo and Serbia during the KFOR humanitarian deployment of 2001. It was nominated for two Goya Awards. The film follows the young and inexperienced soldiers as they become embroiled in the conflict that surrounds them and their struggle to survive.

</doc>
<doc id="21557990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557990" title="Fundamental Destiny">
Fundamental Destiny

Fundamental Destiny is a live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Don Pullen recorded in June 1991 in Frankfurt, Germany and released in 2007 on the group's AECO label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut, and Don Moye with Don Pullen joining on piano. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that "This live recording, while not flawless, has enough bright moments to make it easily recommended to Art Ensemble collectors".

</doc>
<doc id="21557992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21557992" title="Karosas">
Karosas

Karosas is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21558014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558014" title="Balsys">
Balsys

Balsys is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Its feminine forms are: Balsienė (married woman or widow) and Balsytė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558028" title="Ma Ke (fashion designer)">
Ma Ke (fashion designer)

Ma Ke () (born 1971 in Changchun, China) is a Chinese fashion designer. She has two clothing labels: EXCEPTION de Mixmind, a ready-to-wear line started in 1996 and retailed in China; and WUYONG, an haute couture line founded in 2006. In 2007, Ma Ke starred in the award-winning documentary "Useless" by Chinese director Jia Zhangke. In 2008, her fashion house WUYONG was appointed as a Guest member of the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture in France.
Ma Ke is the founder of Mixmind Art & Design Co, Ltd., based in Guangzhou, China. She currently works in her studio in Zhuhai on the southern coast of Guangdong province.
Career.
Ma Ke graduated from the Suzhou Institute of Silk Textile Technology in 1992, and studied womenswear at Central Saint Martins. In 1996, she established her first clothing label, EXCEPTION de Mixmind. EXCEPTION is currently sold in the label's own shops in China, with major retail presence in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou. Their collections comprise women's clothing made from locally sourced cotton, silk, linen and wool; plus other accessories and items.
In 2001, Ma Ke designed costumes for the concert "Singing in Heaven", by the singer Dadawa. In 2005, she presented her clothing at the Shenzhen Biennale of Urbanism and Architecture, and in 2009 her work was on display at the National Art Museum of China.
Ma Ke is among the youngest of the first generation of Chinese fashion designers who have received international acclaim, and she is the first Chinese to show at Paris Haute Couture. Ma Ke is best known abroad for her two WUYONG collections: WUYONG/"the Earth", which debuted at Paris Fashion Week Spring Summer 2007; and WUYONG/"Qing Pin," which was held on July 3, 2008 as her first show for Paris Haute Couture.
Ma Ke's designs are celebrated for their use of environmentally friendly fabrics and recycled materials, and for their manufacture using traditional dyeing, weaving and embroidery techniques, most notably those of the Dong people of Southern China. Her fashion house EXCEPTION de Mixmind hosts shows in China each season for their new collections. Ma Ke's first two shows for WUYONG, held more than a year apart, were distinctive for their absence of a runway and for incorporating certain elements of performance art. Her unorthodox shows and anti-consumerist statements have earned Ma Ke a reputation for being anti-fashion, but she is equally lauded for her conscientious efforts to preserve traditions and protect the environment.
WUYONG.
In 2006, Ma Ke founded a new fashion label, WUYONG (simplified Chinese: 无用; traditional Chinese: 無用; pinyin: wúyòng), which literally means "Useless". Ma Ke's workshop in Zhuhai, which produces the WUYONG collections, employs a team of workers skilled in traditional clothing manufacturing techniques. All stages of production are done in-house, including the spinning, weaving, dyeing and sewing; even using traditional equipment such as a Chinese loom dating from the 19th century. Some of the articles in the collections either incorporate or are fashioned out of recycled material and found objects, including a paint-covered sheet made into a dress and an old tarpaulin constructed into an over-sized coat.
Paris Fashion Week.
In 2007, Ma Ke was invited to present her first collection, titled WUYONG/"the Earth", at Paris Fashion Week. The show was held in the gymnasium of the Lycée Stanislas on February 25, 2007. Rather than presenting the collection on a catwalk as in a traditional fashion show, Ma Ke had the models stand motionless on tall, illuminated plinths, which were arranged on the gymnasium floor. The audience was invited to walk amongst the models and examine the clothing up-close. The show was a triumph: Elle magazine called Ma Ke's Paris debut "brilliant... one of the great moments of the season."
The collection was later put on display at the gallery Joyce Palais-Royal from March 1 to April 6, 2007.
WUYONG was the subject of a film about the Chinese garment industry by the award-winning director Jia Zhangke. The documentary, also titled "Useless", features interviews with Ma Ke as well as her show at Paris Fashion Week. The film went on to win the Orizzonti Doc Prize at the 64th Venice Film Festival in 2007.
Ma Ke is not the first Chinese fashion designer to show at Paris Fashion Week. That distinction belongs to the designer Frankie Xie and his label JEFEN, which had its Paris debut in 2006.
Fashion in Motion.
In 2008, Ma Ke was invited to reprise WUYONG/"the Earth" as part of the Fashion in Motion live catwalk events held at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London. Three performances were given in the Raphael Gallery on May 16, 2008. Concurrently, a piece from the collection was on display in the museum's China Design Now [http://www.vam.ac.uk/vastatic/microsites/1636_chinadesignnow/ exhibition, where Ma Ke was featured along with two other Chinese fashion designers, Zhang Da and Wang Yiyang.
Paris Haute Couture.
In May 2008, WUYONG was appointed as a Guest member of the Chambre Syndicale de la Haute Couture. Her collection, titled WUYONG/"Qing pin", was shown in the Jardin du Palais-Royal in Paris on July 3, 2008. There were a number of elements of the performance that made Ma Ke's haute couture debut rather exceptional. The collection was shown outside and in public (most couture shows are strictly invitation only). For models Ma Ke selected a diverse group of modern dancers, martial artists and Tai-chi practitioners, and in lieu of walking down a runway had them perform a choreographed piece by the renowned Chinese dancer Shen Wei. Ma Ke invited a Mongolian singer to perform "a capella" for the show, and brought two seamstresses from her Zhu Hai studio to work a traditional spinning wheel and loom during the performance.
Ma Ke's haute couture debut made the front page of Le Monde. The President of the Fédération française de la couture remarked of the show, "We are witness to the birth of a true talent."

</doc>
<doc id="21558055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558055" title="Liaoning Television">
Liaoning Television

Liaoning Television, LRTV or Liaoning Radio and Television is located in Shenyang, Liaoning, China. The television was launched on October 1, 1959. And it is one of the earliest launched televisions in China. LRTV now has 9 radio channels and 10 TV channels for the public, 18 LNVOD for the viewers in Liaoning Province and 6 Pay TV channels for all the viewers in China. LRTV broadcasts only in Mandarin (usually with Chinese subtitles, and occasionally English as well for some features, such as ). LRTV's TV and radio broadcasts can be streamed for free online on their main website.

</doc>
<doc id="21558088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558088" title="León María Guerrero III">
León María Guerrero III

León María Ignacio Agapito Guerrero y Francisco ("b." March 24, 1915, "d." June 24, 1982), better known simply as Leon Ma. Guerrero III, was a Filipino diplomat and novelist, and was one of the foremost Filipino nationalists of his era. A partner in the law practice of senator Claro M. Recto, he became Undersecretary of Foreign Affairs during the Magsaysay administration. His then controversial advocacy of 'Asia for the Asians' and espousal of a realistic re-examination of relations with the United States are now commonly accepted as being ahead of their time.
Early life.
"Leoni," as his family called him, was born on March 24, 1915 in Ermita, Manila to one of the nation's most prominent families.
His paternal grandfather, for whom he was named, was Leon María Guerrero, the distinguished botanist, Malolos Congress delegate, and member of the first Philippine Assembly. His sister, Carmen Guerrero Nakpil would also be grow up to be a journalist and, later one of the pre-eminent figures of Philippine letters.
Later life.
On retirement he was the country's senior career diplomat having served as Ambassador in London, Madrid, New Delhi, Mexico City and Belgrade. On June 19, 1982, only a fewdays before he died, he received the, "Gawad Mabini", the highest award in the Philippine Foreign Service.
He held the rank of Knight Grand Cross of the Knights of Rizal. Among his many works are internationally acclaimed translations of José Rizal's "Noli Me Tangere" and "El filibusterismo". He also wrote the biography of Rizal: The First Filipino.

</doc>
<doc id="21558094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558094" title="Ministry of Planning (Cambodia)">
Ministry of Planning (Cambodia)

The Ministry of Planning ("MoP") is a government ministry responsible for socioeconomic planning and statistics management in Cambodia. The Ministry consists of two main parts; the General Directorate of Planning, and the National Institute of Statistics. The Ministry is located in Phnom Penh.

</doc>
<doc id="21558100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558100" title="RailRunner">
RailRunner

RailRunner can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558111" title="Aaron Abrams">
Aaron Abrams

Aaron Abrams (born 12 May 1978, Toronto) is a Canadian actor and writer, who has worked in both film and television. 
Abrams has appeared in over fifty films and TV series, having been a regular on several shows including the Emmy-nominated series "The State Within", "Slings and Arrows", and "Runaway". He also has had major supporting roles in dramas "Amelia" with Hilary Swank, and "Flash of Genius" with Greg Kinnear. He has also had several comedic roles ("Jesus Henry Christ", "Take This Waltz") He may be best known for writing and starring in the controversial film "Young People Fucking" in 2007, for which he won a Canadian Comedy Award in 2009. During May, Abrams won a Corny for 'Best Supporting Pun Maker.'

</doc>
<doc id="21558119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558119" title="Marcinkevičius">
Marcinkevičius

Marcinkevičius is the masculine form of a Lithuanian surname. Its feminine forms are Marcinkevičienė (married woman or widow) and Marcinkevičiūtė (unmarried woman). Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21558125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558125" title="Biathlon World Championships 1959">
Biathlon World Championships 1959

The 2nd Biathlon World Championships were held in 1959 in Courmayeur, Italy. The men's 20 km individual and team were the only competitions.
Men's results.
20 km individual.
Each shot missing the target gave a penalty of 2 minutes.
20 km team.
The times of the top 3 athletes from each nation in the individual race were added together.

</doc>
<doc id="21558129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558129" title="1924 Frankford Yellow Jackets season">
1924 Frankford Yellow Jackets season

The 1924 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their inaugural season in the National Football League. The team finished 11–2–1 in league play and 17–3–1 overall, enough to finish in third in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21558166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558166" title="The Flagstaff House">
The Flagstaff House

The Flagstaff House, commonly known as "Flagstaff House", is the presidential palace in Accra which serves as a residence and office to the President of Ghana. Flagstaff House is built on the site of a building which was constructed and used for administrative purposes by the British Gold Coast Government. The previous seat of the government of Ghana is the Osu Castle. 
History.
Flagstaff House was reconstructed and inaugurated by the government of John Agyekum Kufour with the name Golden Jubilee House in November 2008 when construction was about 70% - 80% completed. In January 2009 the incoming government of President Mills moved the office of the president back to Osu Castle and later changed the sign in front of the building back to its original name claiming that the previous government had not used a Legislative Instrument to effect the change as required by law. The Mills government was in turn criticized that the name Flagstaff House which was given to the building by the British Gold Coast government glorifies Ghana's Gold Coast past. The seat of government was moved back to the Flagstaff House in January 2013.
Construction cost.
The original budget for the reconstruction of $30m was a loan from the Indian government. However BBC journalist David Amanor reported the construction may have cost as much as $45–50m. Building of the palace was overseen by an Indian contractor who used Ghanaian sub-contractors.
Re-construction.
The re-construction of the presidential palace and building by the government of John Agyekum Kufour who belonged to the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP) was criticized by the opposition party NDC during the 2008 elections. The NDC government when sworn into office on January 7, 2009 had refused to utilize the Flagstaff House preferring Osu Castle as the seat of government. The house was temporarily used as offices for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21558177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558177" title="Vasiliauskas">
Vasiliauskas

Vasiliauskas is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. {Polish counterpart: Wasilewski, Russian: Vasilevsky. Its feminine forms are: Vasiliauskienė (married woman or widow) and Vasiliauskaitė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558188" title="W. V. V. B. Ramalingam">
W. V. V. B. Ramalingam

Wunnava Venkata Varaha Buchi Ramalingam Thousands of people in India had sacrificed their lives for the country and went into oblivion without seeking power or perks. One such person was Pandit Ramalingam of Berhampur in the Ganjam district of the erstwhile Madras Presidency. The town and district are now part of the state of Orissa. He came from a Zamindar family.
Early life.
He was born into a Telugu-speaking family, devout Brahmin residing in Berhampur. After his education at the prestigious Presidency College of Madras, Ramalingam joined Khallikote College as Mathematics Lecturer and rose up to Vice-Principal of the College. During his teaching career, he established a new style of student counselling and used to give feedback to their guardians or parents at their homes. This has endeared him as one of the best teachers of the town. Many of his students remembered him fondly and gratefully for moulding their characters in their early lives. His student such as VV Giri (Former President of India), B. Jaganath Das (Supreme Court Judge & Chairman II pay commission), and Chief Justice Lingaraj Panigrahi (Chief Justice of Orissa High Court) had great reverence for their guru Pandit Ramalingam. (VV Giri has dedicated a couple of pages to Pandit Ramalingam in his autobiography)
Struggle for Indian Independence.
In 1920, Wunnava Ramalingam resigned from his teaching career and plunged into the National Movement initiated by Gandhiji. His luxurious life over-night turned into Khadi Dhoti and Chappals to wear. His son-in-law, Pothapragada Narasimha Rao, who was then a young student left his studies and followed his mentor dutifully throughout the independence movement.
Those were the days when the community was very conservative. Hence when Ramalingam dined with some Englishmen (members of Simon Commission) who were Christians, along with his friends (Muslims and Harijans), he was excommunicated from the community. He then took an oath not to dine in anybody’s house except his own, which he practiced until his death.
Besides participating actively in the National Movement, Ramalingam also had an active role in The Trade Union Movement. He was elected President of the Bengal Nagpur Railway Labour Union.
Ramalingam was elected Chairman of the Berhampur Municipality in 1927 and during his tenure he had personally supervised the health, sanitation, roads & education. Berhampur was adjudged as the best Municipality in the erstwhile Madras Presidency, to which Ganjam District was attached then.
In 1930, Ramalingam mustered a large complement of volunteers and led them to Naupada (now in Srikakulam District) to launch Salt Satyagraha. One of the young volunteers was none other than the veteran Gautu Lachanna. Consequently Pandit Ramalingam was arrested by Austin, Sub-collector of Srikakulam Division on the night of April 19, 1930 and was imprisoned at the Vellore Jail for two years. His jail-mates included Rajagopalachari (Former Governor General of India), Pattabhi Seetharamayya (former President of Indian National Congress). While in jail Ramalingam learnt to read, write & speak Tamil and Urdu from his mates and taught them Telugu.
On his return to Berhampur he had organised the Civil Disobedience Movement for which he was jailed on February 5, 1932. He participated in the Quit India movement. He was arrested on August 9, 1942 when he was addressing a public meeting at the Congress Bhawan near Barracks Ground in Berhampur. Pandit Ramalingam was imprisoned for three months at Berhampur Central
After Independence, Wunnava Ramalingam was offered a seat by the Congress Party in 1952 and again in 1957 to contest the Lok Sabha elections but he withdrew his candidature in 1952 in favour of Ayyagari Subba Rao, advocate and in 1957 in favour of VV Giri, both of whom made fervent appeal to Ramalingam to give a chance to them.
Pandit Ramalingam had resigned from the Railway Trade Union movement in 1961. He spent his last days in Cuttack with his family. A few months before he died in 1962 at the age of 78, Ramalingam had personally donated his vast Library to the Utkal University when Pranakrushna Parija was the Vice Chancellor of the University.
His wife Smt. Pillamma, who also participated in the national struggle by organising Mahila Prat Samities, raised his family by high moral values preached and practiced by Pandit Ramalingam. On this Jubilee year his family pays homage to Pandit Ramalingam and Smt. Pillamma.

</doc>
<doc id="21558229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558229" title="1924 Hammond Pros season">
1924 Hammond Pros season

The 1924 Hammond Pros season was their fifth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–5–1, winning two games. They finished tenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21558231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558231" title="Voltaïc">
Voltaïc

Voltaïc refers to five separate releases of related material from singer-songwriter Björk's seventh studio album "Volta". The full version of the release will include a CD of 11 songs performed live at the Olympic Studios, a DVD of Björk's live performances in Paris and Reykjavík during the "Volta" tour, a second DVD of the "Volta" music videos as well as videos of the top ten runners-up from the "Innocence" video contest, and a second CD of remixes from "Volta"'s singles. The official worldwide release date of all editions was 23 June 2009. The artwork was nominated for an award at the 2010 Brit Insurance Design Awards.
Release history.
The release was subject to numerous delays, mostly due to manufacturing problems. The first mention of the release of live material from the Volta tour was made through an announcement made on Björk's official website regarding a "Live Session Album" made at the now-closed Olympic Studios. This was then followed by online stores adding to their pages a release titled "Volta Revisited" in February 2008, with projected (and incorrect) release dates of April/May 2008 listed. An email from Derek Birkett, head of One Little Indian, stated the proposed contents of the release, meant to 'tie-up' the Volta compaign. The release was originally not going to include a live DVD, but amongst those items that did not make the final release were the online blips made as part of the viral marketing campaign for "Volta", the EPK interview that was used in the Volta podcasts available on the iTunes Store, and an unreleased "AOL Online session".
Björk then filmed a concert at L'Olympia in Paris, France during the last leg of the Volta tour and a small concert in Reykjavík, Iceland straight after the tour had finished. The "Volta Revisited" collection eventually surfaced as "Voltaïc" and was to include a live DVD among 3 other discs, although manufacturing problems lead to a delay of up to six months for its release. One manufacturing error led to 20,000 copies of the box-set having to be destroyed, and with a remanufacture necessary, Björk decided to make changes to the track listing resulting in four songs being cut from the live DVD. Towards the end of April 2009 Universal Europe accidentally shipped their copies of "Voltaïc" early. A statement released by One Little Indian stated that the projected release date was meant to be June 2009 as they wanted all three versions of "Voltaïc" to be available upon official release - the early shipment by Universal Europe was only of the Deluxe Edition. However, UK-based music retailer CD Wow was found to be for a brief period selling un-cut copies of the box set, before its official release. These copies, which had allegedly been destroyed, were manufactured in Malaysia - and as such contained more tracks than the other released (cut) editions. "Voltaïc" eventually enjoyed its full official release on 23 June 2009.
Theatre screenings.
"Voltaïc" was screened at fifteen theatres throughout the USA to coincide with the North American release on 23 June 2009.
Throughout July 2009 the concert was also shown twice weekly at the Háskólabíó theatre in Reykjavík. Björk herself was present at the first screening.
Track listing.
"Voltaïc" is released in five different editions: CD (containing only the Olympic Studio session), CD+DVD (containing the Volta Tour Live DVD and the Olympic Studio session on CD), Deluxe Edition Standard/Limited Edition (containing 2 CDs and 2 DVDs) and a Deluxe Vinyl Edition (3 vinyls, 2 CDs and 2 DVDs). However, only the North American release (on Nonesuch Records) will feature all five different versions - the UK and European releases exclude the CD and CD+DVD editions. Both CDs (Live CD and Remix CD) are also available on the iTunes Store.
(Live DVD) - The Volta Tour.
Björk was ill on the night of the Paris concert and later described the recording as being "quite traumatic" as her voice was not in good condition at this late point during the tour. Because of this, some small parts of Björk's vocals in the Paris concert were edited in post-production, for example in the performance of "Where Is The Line". The Reykjavík concert shows her voice in much better condition. It is notable that both "My Juvenile" and "Pneumonia" were only performed live during the Reykjavík concert - all the other songs were performed throughout the Volta tour.
The originally announced tracklisting for the "Voltaïc" Live DVD contained more tracks than those which appear on the final release. "Triumph of a Heart" was cut from the Paris concert, while "Cover Me", "Immature" and "The Dull Flame of Desire" were cut from the Reykjavík concert. Additional 'cut' songs were performed at each respective concert but were never featured on any tracklists for the box-set, e.g. "Oceania". "Brennið Þið Vitar" is the walk-in played by the brass band, and is a traditional Icelandic choral piece.
(DVD) - The Volta Videos.
While the two "making of" features are exclusive to this release, the 3D version of "Wanderlust" (released as part of its corresponding box set) is not included on this DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="21558250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558250" title="Žilinskas">
Žilinskas

Žilinskas is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Its feminine forms are: Žilinskienė (married woman or widow) and Žilinskaitė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558269" title="Shaan-Gan-Ning Border Region">
Shaan-Gan-Ning Border Region

Shaan-Gan-Ning (陕甘宁边区) was one of the two border region governments with the capital at Yan'an, named after the provinces of Shaanxi, Gansu, Ningxia. Created by the CPC in agreement with the Kuomintang as a part of the Second United Front policy, substituting the former anti-Kuomintang Soviets.
The second region, less known because the name referred to the old geographic realities, was Jin-Cha-Ji: Shanxi-Chahar-Hebei.Since 1940,to solve financial crisis,CCP government in Shaan-Gan-Ning had began opium plantation and dealing,selling them to Japanese-occupied provinces and Kuomintang provinces.The KMT government tried to send in some opium-prohibition inspection team but was turned down by communists.

</doc>
<doc id="21558274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558274" title="Ministry of Industry, Mining and Energy (Cambodia)">
Ministry of Industry, Mining and Energy (Cambodia)

The Ministry of Industry, Mining and Energy ("MIME") is a government ministry responsible for governing and nurturing industry, the mining industry and the energy industry of Cambodia. It is located in Phnom Penh.

</doc>
<doc id="21558292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558292" title="List of Top 25 albums for 1999 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 1999 in Australia

The following lists the Top 25 albums of 1999 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 1999 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21558311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558311" title="Cape Orange">
Cape Orange

Cape Orange (Portuguese: Cabo Orange) is a cape on the coast of Brazil, separated from the coast of French Guiana by a large bay watered by the estuary of the Oyapock River (). Cape Orange is the northernmost point of the Brazilian state of Amapá. It is located in an area of tidal marshland protected in Cabo Orange National Park.
In Brazil, both Cape Orange and the nearby mouth of the Oyapock River are often erroneously quoted as being the country's northernmost point, and until the mid- to late 20th century this information could even be found in many Brazilian schoolbooks. Actually, Brazil's most northerly point is far inland and hundreds of kilometres from there, on Monte Caburaí in the state of Roraima, almost a full degree more to the north. However, Cape Orange is indeed the northernmost point of the Brazilian "coast"; the cape's western coastline ends at the Oyapock estuary, whose mouth marks the end of the Brazilian coast.
It is the only place in the Brazilian coast where the American Flamingo ("Phoenicopterus ruber") nests. 

</doc>
<doc id="21558313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558313" title="Petraitis">
Petraitis

Petraitis is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Its feminine forms are: Petraitienė (married woman or widow) and Petraitytė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558327" title="Hugo Badalić">
Hugo Badalić

Hugo Badalić (Slavonski Brod, 18 September 1851, - Zagreb, 4 May 1900) was a Croatian writer.
Biography.
Badalić attended primary school in his native city and Kostajnica, and the gymnasium in Zagreb. After finishing the gymnasium he went to university in Vienna where he graduated with a degree in Classical philology in 1874. The same year he was appointed as a teacher of the Grandy Gymnasium in Zagreb. In 1879 he served as a professor at the gymnasium in Rijeka, returning in 1882 to Zagreb where he worked at the gymnasium in Gornji Grad. From 1884, he served as the director of a female high school in Zagreb, and from 1896 as the first director of the newly established Grand Gymnasium in Zagreb's Donji Grad. He published writings in "Agramer Tagblatt", "Napredak", "Hrvatska vila", "Velebit" and many other periodicals. In 1884, he was elected to the committee of Matica hrvatska, where he edited a number of Matica's editions among which the collection of poetry "Hrvatska antologija" (Zagreb, 1892) can be singled out as the most notable. Badalić was the author of numerous literary discussions, recensions, pedagogic articles, and together with Ivan Broz, wrote the mandatory high-school handbook "Poetika i stilistika za Hrvatsku čitanku za niže razrede srednje škole". He also published a collection of romantic songs: "Zlatno doba" (publisher Franz Bondy, Wien).
Literary work.
As a gymnasium student Badalić edited the periodical "Ljiljan" where he published his first poem in 1867 ("Berba"). He received literary recognition with historic poem "Panem et circenes" (Vijenac, 1874). Badalić's poetry, published in his "Izabrane pjesme" ("Selected poems", 1896), quite popular at the time, and also set to music according to Illyrian customs (Hatze, "Ja ne znam što je majka mi"), is also represented in modern anthologies (Danica, 1973; Majka, 1973; Vječnotraž, 1975). His poetry encompasses various literary genres, from romantic ("Bolna djevojka"), odic (to Ljudevit Gaj), to elegies ("U Jurjevcu"), thematically mainly focussing to patriotic and occasional motifs.
According to the drama of German Romanticist Theodor Körner "Nikolas Graf von Zriny oder die Belagerung von Sigeth", which premièred the opening of the new theatre building at the Mark's Square in 1834, Badalić wrote the libretto for the historical opera "Nikola Šubić Zrinjski" by Ivan Zajc (published in "Hrvatski dom", 1876). In the theatrical life he was also a translator (of Mayerbeer, Shakespeare, Goethe etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="21558369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558369" title="Andrew Pifko">
Andrew Pifko

Andrew Pifko is a Canadian television, theater, and voice actor, who has worked on numerous projects since beginning his career in 1998. Since then, he has appeared and voiced characters in various TV shows such as "Queer as Folk", "Rescue Heroes", and Til Death Do Us Part". He also voiced the playable character Aldo Trapani in the video game ', based on "The Godfather" film.

</doc>
<doc id="21558377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558377" title="Hunton &amp; Williams">
Hunton &amp; Williams

Founded in 1901, Hunton & Williams LLP is a US law firm that employs more than 800 lawyers. It has been called "one of the most well-connected legal and lobbying firms in DC." The firm was founded in Richmond, Virginia and has 18 other offices throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia. In early 2011 the firm's controversial work for Bank of America and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce became public through a large disclosure of emails.
History.
The firm was founded in 1901 in Richmond, Virginia by Henry W. Anderson, Eppa Hunton Jr., Beverley Munford, and Randolph Williams as Munford, Hunton, Williams & Anderson. It focused primarily on litigation, business and finance law.
The firm has changed names over the years; its seventh name, in 1976, was Hunton & Williams; it became Hunton & Williams LLP in 2003. The firm's most notable member, a name partner from 1954 until 1972, was Lewis F. Powell, Jr., who became a member of the U.S. Supreme Court in 1971.
The firm's initial hire of a woman was Elizabeth Tompkins, the first woman graduate of the University of Virginia Law School, who worked as a summer clerk at Hunton & Williams in 1921 and 1922. In 1943, during the Second World War, two women lawyers were hired to work at Hunton & Williams: Sarah Geer Dale and Nan Ross McConnell. Dale's first case involved a labor-law issue for Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock. She left the firm in 1945 to get married and retired from the practice of law. McConnell stayed on until 1948, when she married.
Current operations.
The firm has achieved a national reputation as a pro bono leader among large law firms and is frequently referred to as a model example of a pro bono-cultured firm at national conferences. 
The firm has a Centre for Information Policy Leadership, which focuses on privacy and data protection work.
The managing partner, Walfrido J. "Wally" Martinez, has held that position since March 2006.
Awards for labor outsourcing and offshoring.
In addition, the firm has over 40 lawyers regularly allocated to working for the outsourcing industry, utilizing resources from the network of 800 other lawyers in the firm and prides themselves as having "over the past two decades, our attorneys have executed hundreds of outsourcing transactions worldwide valued at billions of dollars." In acknowledgement of the law firms efforts, Hunton & Williams was listed by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals (IAOP) as one of the "2012 World's Best Outsourcing Advisors", who "navigate" and arrange the organization of those businesses overseas for clients.
In addition, the practice was ranked the #1 and #3 Outsourcing and Offshoring Legal Advisor in Brown & Wilson's Black Book of Outsourcing for the years 2008 and 2009.
Bank of America and WikiLeaks.
Circa 2010-2011, Hunton & Williams was allegedly referred to Bank of America (by the DOJ) for advice on how to deal with the upcoming wikileaks dump of the bank's internal documents. Hunton & Williams allegedly helped get three private companies, Berico Technologies, Palantir Technologies, and HBGary Federal to come up with a response plan. The plan was allegedly later revealed when Anonymous hacked into HBGary and dumped their internal documents on the web. 
The plan created a controversy for many reasons, including the allegation that it included suggestions to harm the career of salon.com journalist and lawyer Glenn Greenwald and "disrupt" his support for Wikileaks. On 1 March 2011, 17 members of the United States congress called for a congressional investigation for possible violation of federal law by Hunton & Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="21558392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558392" title="UTRA-TDD HCR">
UTRA-TDD HCR

UTRA-TDD HCR, an acronym for UMTS Terrestrial Radio Access-Time Division Duplex High Chip Rate, is one of the three UMTS air interfaces (UTRAs) standardized by the 3GPP. The channel access method used in UTRA-TDD HCR is based on a combination of TDMA and CDMA (known as TD-CDMA).

</doc>
<doc id="21558397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558397" title="Marvin Speight">
Marvin Speight

Marvin Speight (born September 5, 1921) is a former head basketball coach at Arkansas State University.
Born in Hickory Plains, Arkansas, Speight went on to be a standout at Beebe High School and played collegiately at the University of Central Arkansas. His collegiate career was split due to his service in World War II.
Coaching career.
High school.
After college, Speight went on to take the head coaching job at tiny Moro High School in eastern Arkansas where he held the position of head basketball coach. He left Moro to take the coaching job at Searcy High School.
ASU-Beebe.
Speight was offered the head coaching position at what is now Arkansas State University-Beebe in 1953. He would find success at Beebe the town where he played high school ball. He remained at ASU-Beebe until 1963 when he took the job at Arkansas State University in Jonesboro, Arkansas.
Arkansas State University.
Speight took over for John Rauth in 1963 at Arkansas State and guided the Indians to several postseason appearances, with their best season coming in the 1966 campaign. Speight also coached ASU star Jerry Rook for Rook's final two seasons. Speight remained with the school until 1969 when he stepped down to engage in teaching full time.

</doc>
<doc id="21558398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558398" title="NICD">
NICD

NICD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558402" title="Sutkus">
Sutkus

Sutkus is the masculine form of a Lithuanian family name. Its feminine forms are: Sutkienė (married woman or widow) and Sutkutė (unmarried woman).
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558403" title="Usva River">
Usva River

The Usva River () is a river in Perm Krai in Russia, right tributary of the Chusovaya River (Kama's basin). The length of the river is 266 km. The area of its drainage basin is 6,170 km².
The Usva freezes up in November and remains icebound until late April - early May. This is lowland river in the most of its flow, except upstreams with many rocks and rapids. Banks are steep and rocky, covered with forests.
Usva crosses Basegi range with top "North Baseg" (951 m). There are 7 localities on banks of river and some abandoned villages. The town of Chusovoy is located at the confluence of the Usva and the Chusovaya Rivers.
Main tributaries:
Etymology.
The most believable explanation of name is that it is composition of Komi-Permyak words ‘usyny’ (to fall) and ‘va’ (water), then, it can be translated as ‘falling water’ . 
References.
Ресурсы поверхностных вод СССР. Гидрологическая изученность. Т. 2: Средний Урал и Приуралье. Вып. 1: Кама / под ред. В. В. Николаенко. Л.: Гидрометеоиздат, 1966. 324 с., С. 79

</doc>
<doc id="21558415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558415" title="World Championships of Ski Mountaineering">
World Championships of Ski Mountaineering

The World Championships of Ski Mountaineering are biannually held ski mountaineering competitions.
History.
The events were originally sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC). The first official world mastership of the ISMC was carried out in the "International Year of Mountains" (2002), declared by the United Nations. The championship was held in Serre Chevalier, France, from January 24 to January 27, 2002. Prior the Italian Trofeo Mezzalama was held as "World Championship of Ski Mountaineering" with the classes "Civilians", "Soldiers" and "Mountain guides" in 1975. Because the ISMC merged into the International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF) in 2008, the next championships were sanctioned by the ISMF. In 2011, the originally planned 9th edition of the European Championships of Ski Mountaineering at last was held as 6th edition of the World Championships.
Further venues of the ISMC World Championships were the Aran Valley (Spain) in 2004, the Italian Province of Cuneo in 2006, and Portes du Soleil (Switzerland) in 2008. The 2010 mastership will take place in the region of Gran Valira, Andorra, and the 2012 World Championship in Schladming (Austria). The World Championships are supported by the national organizations of the carrying out countries.
Ratings.
The disciplines are rated by gender and age groups. In 2002, only individual and team (2 racers) races were held and rated, added with a combined ranking. At the 2004 championship a relay event and a vertical race competition were added. The men's relay teams were of four racers and the women's teams of three. In the following years all relay teams were of four ski mountaineers. In 2006 the relay race was canceled because of bad snow conditions, and consequently there was no combined ranking. At the 2008 World Masterships a long distance race was added.
The national squads are often mixed with up an coming athletes of the "Espoirs"-level. Some nations do not have squads with enough racers for all disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="21558419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558419" title="Aupark">
Aupark

Aupark is a shopping centre (shopping mall and entertainment centre) in the Petržalka borough of Bratislava, Slovakia. It was the second modern shopping centre in Bratislava, built a few years after Polus City Center. At the time is was built, it was the biggest shopping mall in Slovakia with total space of 44,000 m².
It is situated beside Sad Janka Kráľa public park, formerly known also as "Aupark", not far from the river Danube.
After enlargement, it encompasses 58,000 m² of total space, also 12 cinema theatres in a multiplex cinema Palace Cinemas.
In 2005, it contained also an aquapark, the first in Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="21558435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558435" title="Arthur A. Edwards">
Arthur A. Edwards

Arthur Arthur "Titch" Edwards (20 August 1915 – 15 October 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Edwards, nicknamed Titch, played originally at Laygols before he arrived at Fitzroy in 1936. His appearances were limited and only in 1938 was he a regular in the side. He later joined the Fitzroy coaching staff and in the 1961 VFL season filled in as senior coach, due to the absence of Len Smith, steering the club to a win over Carlton.

</doc>
<doc id="21558488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558488" title="Michael Lydon">
Michael Lydon

Michael F. Lydon (10 October 1907 – 15 May 1977) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A civil engineer, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the 1944 general election. He was re-elected at the 1948 general election but lost his seat at the 1951 general election. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1954 and 1957 general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21558500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558500" title="UTRA-TDD LCR">
UTRA-TDD LCR

UTRA-TDD LCR, an acronym for UMTS Terrestrial Radio Access(UTRA)-Time Division Duplex(TDD) Low Chip Rate(LCR), is a 3GPP standardized channel access method based on a combination of TDMA and S-CDMA (known as TD-SCDMA).

</doc>
<doc id="21558536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558536" title="Al Hamool">
Al Hamool

Al Hamul or الحامول in Arabic is one of the largest cities in Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate, in the north of Egypt. It is located in the northern part of the Governorate.
The Name.
The name, Al Hamul, is taken from the name of a plant called "al hamul" which is usually planted in Lake Burullus near Baltim.

</doc>
<doc id="21558539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558539" title="Moscow High School">
Moscow High School

Moscow High School is a four-year public secondary school in Moscow, Idaho. The flagship school of the Moscow School District, it serves grades 9–12 and its principal since 2013 is Erik Perryman. The school colors are red, black, and white, and the mascot is a bear.
Campus.
Less than three blocks east of Main Street on a moderate slope, its current compact campus opened in 1939, with wings added in 1968 and 1991. The previous high school of 1912 is across Third Street to the north; it was used as the junior high until 1959 and is now the "1912 Center." The original high school of 1892 was on the site of the present north wing; it was later Whitworth grade school and was razed in 1939.
Originally a four-year high school, MHS was a senior high school (grades 10–12) for 46 years, beginning in 1966. The school district reconfigured in 2012 and Moscow High returned to a four-year school in August with the addition of the freshman class.
An attempt to fund a new campus on the northeast edge of the city () was defeated by voters in 2005. The levy needed a two-thirds majority to pass and was defeated with only 44% in favor.
Athletics.
Moscow's athletic teams compete in IHSAA Class 4A, the second-highest in the state, in the Inland Empire League (4A).
MHS competed against the largest schools in Idaho in Class A-1 (now 5A) until the fall of 1979. It was dropped a classification level in 1976, but successfully appealed for three years to stay. Moscow opted not to petition in 1979 and went down to  A-2 (now 3A), and moved between A-2 and A-1 (Div. II) until the new IHSAA classification system placed them in 4A in 2001.
Moscow's most successful run in athletics came in baseball under longtime head coach Gary Johnson. In an eight-season stretch from 1978 through 1985, the Bears were in seven state title games and won five, including three consecutive (1982–84). The early MHS basketball team won four straight Idaho titles (1917–20), and more recently, the girls' basketball team won three consecutive A-2 state championships (1992–94) and another in 1996 for four in five years. The boys team was an A-2 state finalist in 1996 and state champion in 1997, winning their last twenty games. The volleyball team was undefeated (29–0) in the fall of 2005 to claim their only state title. The Moscow football program was strong in Class A-1 in the late 1960s and early 1970s; the 1968 Bears were undefeated at 9–0. The 1968 and 1969 teams both finished second in the state writers' polls to undefeated Borah of Boise.
Moscow went 9–1 in 1971 and was fourth in the final poll, 9–0 in 1975 and again polled fourth. The Bears won the A-2 state title in 1981 and 1992.
Exactly when the bear became the school mascot is not well documented, but the "Lewiston Morning Tribune" referred to the MHS basketball team as the "Bears" in early 1927. Alumnus and head coach Lyle Smith obtained a live bear cub for a mascot in 1941. The present school colors were noted in 1936, and likely date back decades further.
Facilities.
Due to limited space on its campus, the varsity athletic facilities are located at Bear Field (and Bear Den gym) (), adjacent to Moscow Middle School and the school district headquarters, approximately a mile (1.6 km) northeast. In 1976 and 1979, Moscow played its home football games across town at the Kibbie Dome on the University of Idaho campus, and again in 1996, when the running track at Bear Field was being replaced. The Bear Den was known as the fieldhouse when it opened in early 1966.
State playoff and championship football games for all classes are regularly held in the Kibbie Dome.
Rivals.
Moscow's oldest rivalries are with Pullman, Lewiston, and Coeur d'Alene.
A longtime member of the Inland Empire League of north Idaho, MHS currently competes with Lakeland and Sandpoint in the IEL's 4A division. Lakeland (in Rathdrum) is about north of Moscow and Sandpoint is even further. (The IEL's 5A division has four teams: Lewiston, Coeur d'Alene, Lake City, and Post Falls.)
Clubs.
^ art & literary magazine
President Shipley,
Vice President Wu,
Secretary Curet, 
Treasurer Pfaff

</doc>
<doc id="21558544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558544" title="Chen Shui-bian corruption charges">
Chen Shui-bian corruption charges

Chen Shui-bian, former President of the Republic of China, stepped down on May 20, 2008, the same day that Ma Ying-jeou took office as the new President of the Republic of China Just one hour after he left the Presidential Office Building, as a former President of the Republic of China and no longer enjoying presidential immunity, he was controlled and limited from leaving the nation by Taiwanese prosecutors due to allegations of corruption and abuse of authority. Chen has been named as a suspect in a fraud case involving the handling of a special presidential fund used to pursue Taiwan's foreign diplomacy. The Supreme Prosecutor's Office stated that: "We have formally started the investigation of the special expenses case concerning former president Chen. The office has assigned ... a seven-member investigative unit to take charge of the case."
President Ma Ying-jeou moved to declassify documents that will aid in the investigation of the former president's use of special expenses. President Ma was then swiftly sued by Chen's lawyers on August 6, 2008, calling Ma's declassification of case-aiding documents, "politically motivated." The documents which were sought were classified earlier by Chen. The documents are mostly receipts and records of use of special expenses, and, according to Ma's chief aide, their declassification and release pose no danger to the country's interests.
Alleged money laundering.
On August 14, 2008, shortly following rival party KMT legislator's press conference announcing the existence of a request for money laundering investigation assistance letter from the Swiss government, the former president called an evening press conference and admitted that his past election campaigns had misstated election finance expenses, and had leftover monies in campaign coffers forwarded to overseas accounts. Chen stated during the conference, ""My conscience has told me that I cannot continue to lie to myself or to others, so I will choose to be bluntly honest: I have, in the past, committed deeds that are against the rule of law, and I am willing, for all campaign finance dishonesty from my four elections for mayor and for president, to apologize to the people"".
Chen claims that the money was wired overseas by his wife and without his knowing. There is also an investigation launched by Swiss authorities over a Swiss bank account bearing Chen's daughter-in-law's name: roughly US$31 million were wired to the account from Taiwan and was then forwarded again to an account in the Cayman Islands. Swiss and Taiwan authorities are cooperating in investigating whether or not there are instances of money laundering committed by members of the former first family. It is unknown whether or not the wiring of the Swiss accounts and the wiring of campaign money overseas by Mrs. Chen are related. Chen and his wife are currently restricted from leaving Taiwan.
Chen's August 14 admission was a reversal of his position just one day earlier, when he vehemently denied a Next Magazine report of the same story.
The following day, August 15, Chen announced that both he and his wife will leave the Democratic Progressive Party for good from the fallout of the previous day's admission.
Reaction to Chen's admission was negative. Former DPP chairman Shih Ming-teh (1994–96), claimed to have been eating while Chen called his press conference, and threw his chopsticks down in anger upon hearing his confession. Chen's vice-president for throughout his eight years, Annette Lu, has said, ""If I had not heard it with my own ears, I would not have believed it; I am still in disbelief. Any person who genuinely loves Taiwan will not wire money of contributors and of the people overseas. The former first family have affronted Taiwan and the Taiwanese people"" 
Chen Shui-bian and his wife Wu Shu-jen, on August 15, resigned from the Democratic Progressive Party and apologized, thus: “Today I have to say sorry to all of the DPP members and supporters. I let everyone down, caused you humiliation and failed to meet your expectations. My acts have caused irreparable damage to the party. I love the DPP deeply and am proud of being a DPP member. To express my deepest regrets to all DPP members and supporters, I announce my withdrawal from the DPP immediately. My wife Wu Shu-jen is also withdrawing from the party.” DPP Chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen also apologized to the public on behalf of the party: “In regard to Chen and his wife’s decision to withdraw from the party and his desire to shoulder responsibility for his actions as well as to undergo an investigation by the party’s anti-corruption committee, we respect his decision and accept it.” Taiwan prosecutors on August 16 interrogated Wu Shu-jen and asked her to explain overseas money transactions. A Kuomintang (KMT) party member alleged that Chen's wife bought jewelry to launder money. Hung Hsiu-chu, a member of the ruling KMT, charged that Chen's family opened four bank accounts in Switzerland, with total deposits of US$32 million, which Chen remitted through his daughter-in-law, Huang Jui-ching.
On August 17, Supreme Court Prosecutor's Office announced Taiwanese investigators took away boxes of documents, after search of Chen's home in Taipei City, his office, and in Tainan, at the home of his wife's brother Wu Ching-mao. Chen was prohibited by prosecutors from leaving Taiwan. Chen has (US?/NT?)$21 million at overseas banks held in the name of family members. Shih Ming-teh, a former leader of Chen's Democratic Progressive Party accused Chen of laundering at least (US?/NT?)$85 million from an entrepreneur bidding for bank ownership in 2005. Coast Guard Administration spokesman Hsieh Ching-chin said: "We received the order from the special investigation unit around 9:20 p.m. last night saying former president Chen was barred from leaving the country." Chen's probe concerns NT$14.8 million (US$480,500) in special expenses from the government, while he was president, and his wife is on trial for corruption and document forgery. Prosecutors found at least NT$1.5 million had been spent on diamond rings and other luxury items for his wife. Upon his return to Taiwan, Chen's son claimed that he was a mere "figurehead," and was not directly involved in the transfer of money.
Chen commented upon the public's suspicions that he had engaged in money laundering by colorfully stating: ""Money is dry, it cannot be washed (laundered); money is clean, not dirty, it does not need to be washed (laundered)."" 
On October 31, 2008, Chiou I-jen was arrested and detained incommunicado, by Supreme Prosecutors Office's Special Investigation Division Prosecutors, for alleged embezzlement of about US$500,000 (£308,000) from diplomatic funds, in 2004, as secretary-general of the National Security Council. Chen Shui-bian called his arrest a "political persecution" by the Beijing-friendly Kuomintang government amid and after another senior DPP member -- Chiayi County magistrate Chen Ming-wen's detention on corruption charges: "The government abused the laws and its powers to persecute and humiliate us but the people and the history will return justice to us and prove our innocence. The government of President Ma Ying-jeou is settling old scores in the name of a campaign against corruption. The Special Investigation Division (SID), in order to indict and convict me, has been taking high-profile actions, locking up members of the former government team one by one." Chiou I-jen is the 8th suspect in spin-offs of Chen Shui-bian's money laundering probes under the jurisdiction of the Taipei District Court.
Arrest and detention.
Chen was escorted by security staff, on November 11, 2008, into the Taipei prosecutor's office for questioning. He was served a subpoena for the 5th time by the Special Investigation Division (SID) on November 10, but he opted to exercise his right to remain silent in the 6-month SID money-laundering probe, and the case terminates on November 24. Chen alleged that ""The KMT and the Chinese Communist Party see me as their number one prisoner as I am the biggest stone blocking their way to reunification. Chinese envoy Chen Yunlin had a bad time in Taiwan... so (Taiwan's President) Ma Ying-jeou wants to put me in jail as a sacrifice to appease China. I am very honoured and proud to play such a role."". He further said ""the voice of Taiwanese people can never be suppressed by heavy-handed riot police presence, nor could it be clamped down by razor wires; Taiwan independence; my heart with be with all 23 million people... I will spend the rest of my limited life to fight for justice with the public; the prosecutors would file a request to detain me and the Taipei District Court would grant the request for detention. Long live Taiwanese democracy. Long live Taiwanese independence."" On 12 November 2008, Taiwan Affairs Office of the PRC in a routine press conference denied the allegation describing it as a "rumour". It further stated it "believes that people can see through the purpose behind this clumsy tactic of rumour making".
After 6 hours, Chen left the Supreme Court prosecutor's office in handcuffs, arrested and detained. He held his cuffed hands up for journalists and shouted "Political persecution! Long live Taiwan!" Prosecutors, led by investigation spokesman Chen Yun-nan, filed a detention request with the Taipei District Court. He said he would enter "Taiwan's Bastille (Tucheng Jail)," but "it will only lock up my body, not my heart." The charges carry each a minimum penalty of 5 years imprisonment.
Chen, 57, arrived at the Taipei District Court, after the prosecutor's marathon interrogation (from 9:45 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on November 11). The 11-hour trial started at 8:00 p.m. on November 11. The Court suspended the proceedings, after Chen's lawyer Lai Ching-te claimed a policeman hit him. Chen was rushed to National Taiwan University Hospital, and after 2 hours, the doctors confirmed a slight right arm muscle injury due to strain, possibly caused by a police officer's unintentional pulling of his arm while being detained.
Following a night of deliberation, the Taipei District Court formally arrested and jailed Chen, at 7:06 a.m. on November 12, under an order that does not constitute an indictment. Chen can be held for 4 months before being formally charged. Huang Chun-min, Taipei district court spokesman quoted the ruling: "The court, after questioning the suspect, believes the suspected crimes to be severe. And there are enough facts to believe there was buried evidence, fabrication, altered evidence and conspiracy among suspects or witnesses." He was sent to the Taipei Detention Center, 8:00 a.m., where, as a dissident leader 21 years ago, he served 8 months for defaming a Nationalist Party official. Chen's attorneys' filed waiver of his right to appeal the order. Chen, banned from communicating with anybody outside the Taipei Detention Center, can be in custody for a maximum of 2 months. He joins nine others detained on alleged laundering (US?/NT?)$30 million, which include Ma Yong-cheng, Chiou I-Jen, the ex-vice premier, Yeh Sheng-mao, and Chen’s brother-in-law, Wu Ching-mao, inter alia. Chen was assigned prisoner number 2630.
Hunger strike and privileges.
His lawyer Cheng Wen-long (鄭文龍) stated, on November 13: ""He intends to stop eating in protest ... in an okay condition now. He's not eating anything. I've been urging him, but he still refuses. Chen was willing to stay in the dark prison cell (Tucheng detention center in Taipei) for the people... to protest the death of justice and the regression of democracy ... he can sacrifice his life for the "Republic of Taiwan" (quotation). His arrest is like 'sentencing without a trial'. Chen had only drunk water since entering a detention centre early Wednesday and had not eaten a proper meal since late Tuesday."" Corrections official Lee Ta-chu said his institution "is monitoring (Chen's) situation closely."
Meanwhile, Presidential Office spokesman Wang Yu-chi, stated ""the office will act in accordance with a statute which allows for a secret service team of 8 to 12 persons assigned to a former president, for a payment of NT$250,000 per month to made to him, and for him to collect an annual allocation of up to NT$8 million to cover the expenses of day-to-day operation of his office. Except for the security detail, Chen will retain all other aspects of the preferential treatment. The Presidential Office has listed NT$11.25 million in its 2009 annual budget for allocation to Chen"."
Chen ended his two-week hunger strike on Nov. 27.
Hospitalization, appeal and petition for release.
On November 16, 2008, Chen collapsed and was rushed to Taipei's Far Eastern Memorial Hospital due to complications and weakness from dehydration caused by six days of malnutrition. He was treated with saline and glucose injections after experiencing "an excessively fast heartbeat and tightness in chest," amid slow metabolism. Chen was transferred to the Panchiao Hospital Monday for possible force-feeding.
Despite Chen's lack of interest to appeal, his lawyer Cheng Wen-long completed the motion to release from detention and notice of appeal of the court's decision, with a petition for constitutional interpretation to restrain actions violative of the Constitution.
Formal indictment and further developments.
Former President Chen Shui-bian was released without bail on 13 December 2008 after being indicted for money-laundering and misuse of public funds hours earlier. The district court ordered that Chen remain in Taiwan to face pending trial. Chen was arraigned before judges at the Taipei district court, where he protested the "political persecution" against him. Chen reaffirmed his innocence, claiming the US$21 million his wife wired to their son's Swiss bank accounts came from leftover campaign donations. Also indicted were former first lady Wu Shu-chen, their son Chen Chih-chung and their son's wife Huang Jui-ching, as well as other relatives, friends and top assistants. Two of the nine other defendants are relatives of the Chen family. Prosecutors say Chen and his wife together embezzled NT$104 million (US$3.12 million) from a special presidential fund, and received bribes of US$11.73 million in connection with a government land procurement deal and a separate construction project. Prosecutor Lin Che-hui said that a particularly damning piece of evidence was the presence of NT$740 million (US$22.2 million) in cash stashed in a Taipei bank safety vault held by the Chens. "Ex-president Chen Shui-bian's crimes are major," said Chen Yun-nan, spokesman for the Supreme Court's special prosecutor's office. "We will ask the courts to give ex-president Chen Shui-bian the strictest punishment". President Ma Ying-jeou made no comment on the indictment, but Democratic Progressive Party leaders demanded that Chen be released on bail. No other former President of the Republic of China has faced criminal prosecution.
First appeal for continued detention.
On 16 December 2008, prosecutors of the Special Counsel filed an appeal to reverse Chen's release and to resume his detention out of fear Chen may flee the country. “After serving as president for eight years,” the appeal said, “Chen Shui-bian knows the national security mechanism full well, and the chances he has to flee the country are greater than ordinary citizens”. The appeal cited several instances where other leaders (such as Alberto Fujimori of Peru, Pavlo Lazarenko of Ukraine, Thaksin Shinawatra of Thailand, and Ferdinand Marcos of Philippines) having been indicted, fled their respective countries after they had been charged with corruption and graft. On December 18, Judge Chou again ruled that Chen be released without bail, albeit the High Court warned of the possibility that he may collaborate or intimidate other defendants, including his relatives and Yu Cheng-hsien, former minister of the interior.
Second appeal for continued detention.
On 25 December 2008, prosecutors of the same counsel appealed for the second time for continued detention of the former President. In this second appeal, the prosecution urged the Taiwan High Court to decide to detain or release Chen rather than remit the case to Judge Chou Chan-chun (周占春) again. Reversing their initial decision not to appeal, Special Counsel prosecutors submitted their written appeal to the Taiwan high court, requesting that Chen be detained. The grounds for the detention remain the same (fear that the former President might leave the country, conspire with witnesses or destroy evidence). The chances are that the High Court will pass the buck back to Chou, who said in releasing Chen for the second time, he hopes he would not have to hand down the same ruling again. One reason for the appellate court to remit the case again is that the Special Counsel failed to elaborate on the possibility of Chen’s intimidation of other defendants. Rather it kept on elaborating on the possibility of Chen’s escape alone. Another piece of evidence produced to sustain this second appeal was the fact that bodyguards stay overnight on the ground floor of the Paolai Estate in Taipei, where the Chens live in an 11th floor apartment. "There is little chance the bodyguards would know what is happening on the 11th floor," the new appeal says.
Judge change.
The next day, the 26th of December, in a meeting held among the court’s presiding judges, a vote decided that Presiding Judge Tsai Shou-hsun (蔡守訓) would take over the Chen-related case from Presiding Judge Chou Chan-chun (周占春) because Tsai had previously handled cases concerning Chen. Judges at the court held a raffle for the assignment to handle the case. Panning the move as “political intervention,” DPP caucus whip Ker Chien-ming (柯建銘) yesterday declared that “the judiciary is doomed”. Cheng Wen-lung (鄭文龍), who is Chen’s defense attorney made his own public declaration: “We do not care for how the Special Investigation Division is conducting itself. How can the court change the judges after the lots have already been openly cast? (By doing so,) the public confidence in the system will greatly decrease”. However, legislators of the ruling Kuomintang, such as Chiu Yi questioned whether Tsai had the wherewithal to rule in Chen’s case: “Over the past two years, Tsai Shou-shun has allowed Wu Shu-jen to be absent from 18 court proceedings. The case has been stalled for more than two years and wasted a lot of public resources”.
Lee Teng-hui connection.
This same day (26 December), in an event related to this case, the Special Investigation Division of the Supreme Prosecutor’s Office announced it would investigate former president Lee Teng-hui, who preceded Chen Shui-bian in the presidency of the Republic of China on suspicion of money laundering. SIP spokesman Chen Yun-nan (陳雲南) held a meeting with reporters. When asked if former president Chen Shui-bian was the accuser as some local media had reported, the prosecutor said “yes”. Political reactions to this new accusation soon emerged: Taiwan Solidarity Union Secretary-General Lin Chih-chia (林志嘉) slammed Chen Shui-bian for blurring the focus of the case by allegedly accusing Lee (the party’s spiritual leader). "Everyone knows Chen's only tactic left is to blur the focus. I am 200 percent confident in Lee’s integrity," Lin declared. Later the same day however, one of Chen Shui-bian’s defense attorneys, Shih Yi-lin (石宜琳), said his client never filed any complaints with the prosecutors against Lee. Lee denied the charges on December the 21, and said he welcomed investigation. On Friday the 26th, his office declined to comment on the prosecutors' move.
The 27th of December 2008, former Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker Lin Cho-shui lashed out at the former president for not only being a corrupt president, but also a "ratting" president who is seriously plaguing the DPP, Taiwan, and the Taiwan independence movement. Lin declared this in response to press reports that Chen accused Lee Teng-hui of embezzling NT$ 1.6 billion from the national coffers when interrogated by prosecutors of his corruption scandals, but then immediately asked his lawmaker to deny the accusation after prosecutors confirmed that Chen did file the accusation against Lee. Lin said that Lee should face legal prosecution if he was really involved in the corruption scandal as accused by Chen, also adding that if Chen ratted on Lee's embezzlement scandal based on a sense of justice, "why is it okay for him to embezzle a tremendous amount of money, and why is it okay to accuse Lee and then deny the accusation?" “Such a ratting practice by Chen is designed mainly to divert public attention away from his corruption cases,” Lin said.
This same day, former President of the Republic of China Lee Teng-hui said that the country's power transfer of 2000 only "provided someone with the opportunity to take bribes and launder money". He also added that "It is a pity that one man was able to mess up the administration's governance so badly." In another moment of his speech at the annual meeting of the Chiayi chapter of the Friends of Lee Teng-hui Association he declared that "what is even more pitiful is that some people continue to support the corrupt politician in defiance of his approaching court trial". “They (the supporters of Chen Shuibian) cannot tell right from wrong”. He never mentioned the name of Chen in any moment. He also had harsh words for the Ma Ying-jeou administration, concerning the management of the Global financial crisis of 2008, also stating that democracy and the human rights conditions in Taiwan have been back pedaling since the 2008 legislative and presidential Kuomintang victories and the transfer of power.
Chen has accused Lee of having laundered as much as US$ 51 million through overseas dummy accounts, but Lee has repeatedly denied the allegations. Before boarding a high-speed train to Chiayi, when asked to comment on the money laundering allegations, he declared that “that's laughable stuff”.
Back into detention (second appeal result).
On 29 December 2008, the former President strongly defended himself again as innocent of all corruption charges at a prolonged hearing held by three judges of Taipei District Court that tried to determine whether to put the former national leader back into custody on the second request of prosecutors. The debated hearing session started at 2:00 p.m. that day and continued into the early morning on the 30th of December. He was accompanied by a team of three lawyers. Outside the district court a large number of police were deployed to prevent possible confrontation between Chen's supporters and opponents. Chen's lawyers complained to new presiding Judge Tsai Shou-hsun (蔡守訓) about the lopsided manpower on each side, saying there were six prosecutors present at the hearing versus only four on their side (three lawyers plus Chen, who himself is a licensed lawyer). Tsai rejected all the requests. The former President stressed that he never took bribes concerning the payoff involving the construction of the Nangang Exhibition Hall or the transaction of a land parcel related to an industrial park in Longtan, Taoyuan County. Concerning the deposits at bank accounts abroad, Chen stressed that the money deposited abroad was all leftover from political contributions he received and expenditures on campaigns. His lawyers also defined the money as residual funds from election campaigns and said Chen did not break any law because there were no regulations requiring candidates to report their finances at the time when the money was wired abroad. Concerning the land transaction, the prosecutors pointed out that Chen used his position to force the Cabinet to change its position to approve the deal. As a result, Taiwan Cement Corporation paid NT$400 million as commission for the land purchase. A total of US$6 million of the total amount was passed through several bank accounts held by the former first family and friends abroad in an attempt to hide the illegality of the fund, the prosecutors said. They also stressed, as in the first appeal, the necessity to place Chen under detention because there are several other scams allegedly related to him which are still under probe. The prosecutors have so far uncovered at least NT$740 million in illegal gains tied to the Chen family but they were able to seize only NT$172 million of the total fund.
After considering the case, this same day (30 December), the Court ordered former President Chen Shui-bian returned to jail pending trial on corruption charges, accepting prosecutors' arguments that he be locked up to prevent him fleeing or colluding with alleged coconspirators. In a statement the Taipei District Court said Chen's detention was necessary for his trial to go smoothly: "Out of concerns for human rights and the public interest, Chen Shui-bian should be detained but he should also be allowed to receive visitors". Chen was taken back to Tucheng detention center in suburban Taipei early on 30 December, following a 12-hour court hearing. He spent 31 days in Tucheng after his arrest 12 November. During that time he was only allowed to see his lawyers. Chen's lawyers said they will appeal the new detention order. One of the former president's lawyers, Cheng Wen-lung (Jen Wenlong), described the ruling as "unfair" and vowed to appeal: "The ruling is not a surprise, because apparently it is the result of politics intervening in justice," the lawyer said. "My client... said he would keep striving to prove his innocence," he said. He also stated that: "We question the work of the Taipei district court. Changing the judge is an interference with the justice system".
Political reactions to this new development soon emerged following party lines: Democratic Progressive Party Chairperson Tsai Ing-wen said that the government and the judicial authorities should explain to the public why they felt it necessary to detain Chen ahead of his trial. "The detention and handcuffing of Chen ahead of his trail may have violated the Constitution," she said, also adding that the government should clear up doubts on whether the change of judges before Chen’s trial was a result of political pressure. Chen's office criticized the decision to re-detain Chen, saying it once again highlighted the Ma Ying-jeou administration’s efforts to wage judicial persecution and a political vendetta against the former President. The statement also denounced the new presiding judge, saying his argument for Chen’s custody was nothing but a show cooked up for the purpose of sending him back to prison. The office of the former President also questioned the impartiality of Minister of Justice Wang Ching-feng, who they said was not only “arrogant” but also "blind". When asked for comment, Kuomintang Legislator Lee Ching-hua applauded the court’s detention of Chen: "The court’s decision to detain Chen Shui-bian was the best possible gift to the public before year’s end. All of the witnesses (in the case) no longer need to be afraid," Lee said.
Taiwan High Court Ruling.
On 6 January 2009, the Taiwan High Court upheld a lower court decision to detain the former President. The High Court determined that Chen's appeal against the Taipei District Court's ruling was unjustified and concluded that Chen's detention is necessary to facilitate subsequent trials. It mentioned the possibility that Chen could run away, destroy or forge evidence, or collude with co-conspirators. No further appeal of the detention ruling is permitted. Chen's lawyer Cheng Wen-lung called the ruling "unlawful" and "unconstitutional", and said he will petition for a constitutional interpretation by the Constitutional Court on behalf of the former President. The High Court noted in its ruling that Chen's intent to flee is demonstrated by the fact that the former first family has tried to conceal its alleged illicit gains in bank accounts created under the names of other people.
The court made the ruling after Chen's lawyer appealed the Taipei District Court's December 29 decision to put Chen back into custody. The trial is scheduled to begin at the Taipei District Court on January 19.
On 8 June 2010, the Taipei District Court found former President Chen Shui-bian not guilty of embezzling diplomatic funds. On 11 June, the High Court decided to cut former president Chen's life sentence for corruption to 20 years in jail. Despite the reduced sentence, on 18 June 2010, the high court decided to retain the former president in jail for another 2 months.
Republic of China Supreme Court Ruling.
On Nov. 11, 2010, the Republic of China Supreme Court sentenced Chen and his wife, Wu Shu-jen (吳淑珍), to 11 years in prison for taking bribes for a land procurement scam in Longtan and 8 years in a separate office-buying scandal. The rulings were the final convictions in a string of corruption cases implicating Chen and his wife. By law, the High Court can decide whether the combined 19-year sentence should be served concurrently or consecutively. It was ruled that Chen’s total prison time should be 17-and-a-half years. Chen made history as Taiwan’s first former head of state to be jailed. In addition Chen is ordered to pay a fine of NT$154 million. It is unusual as the same group of judges gave a not-guilty ruling on a similar case base on the reason "the officer duty has to be clearly specified and no violation of law if the officer does not violate his duty."
Both the Chinese Nationalist Party (KMT) and the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said that they respected the court’s decision.
Three other cases, including charges related to another land deal, money laundering and embezzling secret diplomatic funds, for which the Taiwan High Court originally ruled the former president should serve a 20-year sentence, were returned to the lower court by the Supreme Court for another ruling.

</doc>
<doc id="21558590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558590" title="Hayley McFarland">
Hayley McFarland

Hayley McFarland (born March 29, 1991) is an American actress who is perhaps best known for her portrayal of Emily Lightman on the Fox TV series "Lie to Me". She also portrayed the character Nancy in the film "The Conjuring".
Life and career.
Hayley McFarland grew up in Edmond, Oklahoma. She has appeared in TV shows including "Gilmore Girls", "ER", and "Criminal Minds", and films including "Ring Around the Rosie", "An American Crime", and "Winged Creatures". She was a series regular on the television series "Lie to Me".

</doc>
<doc id="21558598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558598" title="Jezuitský kostol">
Jezuitský kostol

Jezuitský kostol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558614" title="Hot Springs Historic District (Hot Springs, North Carolina)">
Hot Springs Historic District (Hot Springs, North Carolina)

Hot Springs Historic District in North Carolina is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. The National Park Service states:
This district is significant as the historic center of a small mountain community in the northwest corner of Madison County, NC. Once natural warm springs were discovered by settlers in the early nineteenth century, the town became one of the earliest resort communities in the state.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in February, 2009.
The statue was the Highlighted Property of the Week when the National Park Service released its weekly list of February 13, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21558630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558630" title="ST-Ericsson">
ST-Ericsson

ST-Ericsson was a multinational manufacturer of wireless products and semiconductors, supplying to mobile device manufacturers. ST-Ericsson was a 50/50 joint venture of Ericsson and STMicroelectronics established on 3 February 2009 and dissolved 2 August 2013. Headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, it was a fabless company, outsourcing semiconductor manufacturing to foundry companies.
Both Ericsson and STMicroelectronics appointed four directors to the board with Hans Vestberg, President and CEO of Ericsson, serving as the chairman of the board and Carlo Bozotti, President and CEO of STMicroelectronics, as the vice-chairman.
History.
ST-Ericsson was formed on 3 February 2009 when STMicroelectronics and Ericsson completed the merger of Ericsson Mobile Platforms and ST-NXP Wireless into a 50/50 joint venture.
On 20 August 2008, STMicroelectronics and Ericsson announced their intention to merge their wireless semiconductor businesses. ST contributed its multimedia and connectivity products as well as their 2G/EDGE platform and 3G offering. Ericsson contributed its 3G and 3GPP Long Term Evolution (LTE) platform technology. The merger followed an existing strategic co-operation between Ericsson Mobile Platforms and ST-NXP Wireless.
Ericsson also had a venture with Sony called Sony Ericsson during 2001–2012.
On 11 December 2012, ST-Ericsson was on the brink of shutdown after its parent company STMicroelectronics decided to move out of the JV, citing loss of market share due to ST-Ericsson failing to attain Break-even. Since ST-Ericsson came into being in 2009, STMicroelectronics has slipped from 5 to 7 in global semiconductor firms' rakings.
On 18 March 2013, the parent companies announced that the joint venture was to be closed down, with the parent companies taking over parts, but not all, of its operation and products.
On 28 May 2013, ST-Ericsson announced that they would sell the assets and intellectual property rights for its mobile connectivity Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) to Intel for $90 million.
On 5 August 2013 Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) and STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) announced the closing of the transaction for the split up of ST-Ericsson. This follows the announcement the companies made on 18 March 2013 on the chosen strategic option for the future of the joint venture.
Effective 2 August 2013 Ericsson has taken on the design, development and sales of the LTE multimode thin modem solutions, including 2G, 3G and 4G interoperability. ST has taken on the existing ST-Ericsson products, other than LTE multimode thin modems, and the GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System) connectivity solution sold to a third party, and related business as well as certain assembly and test facilities. 
ST-NXP Wireless.
ST-NXP Wireless, a joint venture made up of the wireless operations of STMicroelectronics and NXP Semiconductors, began operations on 2 August 2008. NXP and STMicroelectronics announced on 10 April 2008 that they would combine their wireless operations in 2G, 2.5G, 3G, multimedia, connectivity and future wireless technologies. The combined venture was created from businesses that together owned significant portfolios of communication and multimedia patents.
Formerly a division of the semiconductor firm Royal Philips Electronics, NXP was established as an independent company in 2006. STMicroelectronics was formed in June 1987 by the merger of semiconductor companies SGS Microelettronica of Italy and Thomson Semiconductors, the semiconductor arm of France's Thomson.
Ericsson Mobile Platforms.
Ericsson Mobile Platforms had been formed in 2001 from Ericsson Mobile Communications during the European telecom crisis around the year 2000. It was a pure platform company after the transfer of all handset products to SonyEricsson, later Sony Mobile. At the forming of ST-Ericsson, Ericsson Mobile Platforms had roughly 3100 employees. Some of EMPs customers were Flextronics, HTC, LG, NEC, Sagem, Sharp and of course Sony Ericsson. The main focus in the company was for the eight years it existed, to develop a platform for UMTS. Their main development centers were situated in Lund, Sweden and with other three developments centers in Basingstoke (UK) and Research Triangle Park, North Carolina (US), and Nuremberg (Germany). In addition, it had R&D, sales and customer support teams in Tokyo (Japan), Shanghai (China), Taipei (Taiwan), Seoul (South Korea), Grimstad (Norway) and Nuremberg (Germany). It provided mobile terminal technology to customers who wanted to develop and produce mobile phones for the GPRS, EDGE and WCDMA mobile standards. EMP and, Ericsson as a whole, donated resources to standardization bodies such as 3GPP, OMA, JCP and OMTP.
Portfolio and mobile products.
Before joining the joint venture, ST Microelectronics' wireless division had been working on the Nomadik application processor platform since the STn8800, which won the Microprocessor Report Analysts' Choice Awards in 2003. Likewise, the NXP part of the company had worked on a product named "Nexperia". The Nomadik platform was chosen as a starting point for development of new application processors within the company.
October third, 2008 the predecessor Ericsson Mobile Platforms showcased a handheld prototype for LTE (fourth generation of mobile telephony). At this time, the company stated that the technology would reach the market by roughly 2011. In December 2009 the LTE-platform had a name: "M710" and it was presented as a multimode-device that would also be able to handle HSDPA. 1 November 2010 there were statements about a product named "M700" and it was said that this would deliver data speeds of 100Mbit/s downstream and 50 Mbit/s upstream.
Starting 15 February 2011 the company presented a whole family of products:
Many of these products appear to have failed to reach the market. In the press release regarding the last product L8580 it is mentioned that U8500 has been mass-produced and that L8540 is available in samples since the end of 2012. The quarterly results for the fourth quarter 2012 states that the company has shipped 10.7 million units of U8500 during that quarter.
ST-Ericsson's Chinese subsidiary, T3G was acquired in December 2008 and has been developing platforms for the TD-SCDMA mobile standard since 2003.
Locations.
Incorporated in Switzerland and headquartered in Geneva, ST-Ericsson employs around 6,700 people worldwide, more than 85 per cent of whom work in R&D.
ST-Ericsson's main centers are in France, Switzerland, Sweden, Finland, Germany, UK, India, Singapore, China, Japan and Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21558632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558632" title="WAGR J class">
WAGR J class

The WAGR J class was a three-member class of steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) between 1892 and 1924. The class's wheel arrangement was 4-6-0.
History.
The J class engines were built in 1891 by Kitson & Co of Leeds, England, for the Fremantle–Beverley mail service. They arrived in Western Australia in late 1891 and entered service with the WAGR early the following year.
All three engines were withdrawn from WAGR service in 1924, and then repaired and sold to the State Sawmills. They were used to haul timber at Wuraming and Holyoake, but were all out of use by the early 1930s, and were later scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="21558664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558664" title="Anna Maris Igpit">
Anna Maris Igpit

Anna Maris Arcay Igpit (born April 7, 1987) is a Philippine beauty queen, model, and TV personality. Maris was crowned Bb. Pilipinas-World at the Araneta Center in Cubao, Quezon City on March 4, 2006 and represented the Philippines in the Miss World 2006 pageant in Warsaw, Poland.
Maris was born on Panglao, Bohol and grew up in Cebu City, where she attended St. Theresa's College, Cebu City for her elementary and secondary education. At 16, she entered the Miss Bohol Sandugo 2003 Beauty Pageant representing Alona Tropical/Dumaluan Beach Resorts and under the tutelage of Ms. Nila Montero. She placed First Runner-Up to Ms. Fatima Liora Rana of Jagna.
In 2005, she again entered and this time, won the Miss Bohol Sandugo Beauty Pageant, representing the town of Panglao. In 2006, she won the Bb. Pilipinas-World title. Maris is considered as the first Boholana to win a national beauty title.
She is in her second year studying for her bachelor’s degree in Tourism and hopes one day to have her own travel agency. As of 2008, she hosts the "Istayl Nato" program on GMA 7 Cebu.
Other awards and achievements:

</doc>
<doc id="21558672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558672" title="Global Planners Network">
Global Planners Network

The Global Planners Network (commonly abbreviated to GPN) is a group of spatial planning institutes and other organisations, who have signed the Vancouver Declaration. Members sign this declaration to show their commitment to working "together, and with others, to tackle the challenges of rapid urbanisation, the urbanisation of poverty and the hazards posed by climate change and natural disasters." Current GPN membership extends to 25 organisations representing more than 150,000 planners.
History.
The Global Planners Network was founded in 2006 at the first World Planners Congress in Vancouver, as an informal collaboration. This Congress was held on June 17 to June 20, 2006, and was hosted by the Canadian Institute of Planners and the Planning Institute of British Columbia, in collaboration with the Commonwealth Association of Planners. It directly preceded and fed into the third World Urban Forum (WUF3), organised by the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT) in Vancouver and facilitated and funded by the Government of Canada.
The Global Planners Network held a second Congress directly preceding the fourth session of the World Urban Forum (WUF4) in Nanjing, China 2008, in nearby Zhenjiang. The Congress was organised by the American Planning Association and the Zhenjiang Municipal People's Government.
The Global Planners Network founder members attended WUF4, which was hosted by the UN-HABITAT, and the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, PRC. At a WUF4 UN-Habitat Seminar ‘Global Planners Network Messages & Outreach’ the GPN presented its Communiqué and latest Action Plan.
Mission & Priorities.
The Global Planners Network mission was first set out at the first Global Planners Congress World Planners Congress 2006, in the Vancouver Declaration. The objectives in this Declaration were shaped by discussions at the Congress and a position paper on what was termed "new urban planning." At the second Global Planners Congress, held in Zhenjiang from 31 October to 2 November 2008, the commitment was engraved in a commemorative stone at the Congress venue:
""Building on the 2006 Vancouver Declaration, the Global Planners Network steers towards harmonious settlements, places in harmony with nature and places where there is harmony between people. We champion planning as a strategic, integrative, inclusive and pro-poor process. As a tool for urban development and environmental management, effective planning alleviates poverty, reduces inequality, slows down slum formation, mitigates hazards and builds safe, inclusive settlements. We leave Zhenjiang renewing our commitment to increase the global capacity to plan and manage settlements in timely, affordable and harmonious ways. We will continue to bring planners together and strengthen their links with communities, professionals, politicians and civil society to enhance the quality and future resilience of human settlements."" Professor Stuart Emin has been made Honorary Member of the organisation.
Members.
Founder members are:
American Planning Association (APA)
Canadian Institute of Planners (CIP)
Commonwealth Association of Planners (CAP)
Planning Institute of Australia (PIA)
Royal Town Planning Institute (RTPI)
In addition to the founder members, plus UN-HABITAT, the following organisations have joined the Global Planners Network:

</doc>
<doc id="21558674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558674" title="2004 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A">
2004 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A

The 2004 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol de la Serie A (known as the 2004 Copa Pílsener Serie A for sponsorship reasons) was the 47th season of the Serie A, the top level of professional football in Ecuador. Deportivo Cuenca won their first national championship.
Format.
The format for 2004 remained the same for this season.
The First Stage and Second Stage are identical. The ten teams competed in a double round-robin tournament, one game at home and one away. The top three teams in each stage qualified to the Liguilla Final with bonus points (2, 1, and .5 points, respectively). The First Stage winner and runner-up qualified to the 2004 Copa Sudamericana. At the end of the Second Stage, the two teams with the least amount of points were relegated to the Serie B.
The Liguilla Final was a double round-robin tournament between the six qualified teams of the First and Second Stage. The winner of the Liguilla Final was crowned the Serie A champion. The champion and runner-up also qualified to the 2005 Copa Libertadores into the Second Stage, while the third-place finisher qualified to the First Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21558687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558687" title="Wally Clark (footballer)">
Wally Clark (footballer)

Wally Clark (born 25 May 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Clark, who was at Fitzroy from underage level, played as a rover. He was their top goal-kicker with 21 goals in 1962 but had his best goal kicking year when he bagged 33 two years earlier.
Although he retired from the seniors in 1963, Clark continued in the Fitzroy reserves as captain-coach and won a Gardiner Medal for his on field performances. The following season he went to Tasmania where he became captain-coach of NWFU club Latrobe.

</doc>
<doc id="21558691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558691" title="List of orbital launch systems">
List of orbital launch systems

This is a list of conventional orbital launch systems. This is composed of carrier rockets, and other conventional systems, used to place satellites into orbit.
United States.
bold denotes active OLS

</doc>
<doc id="21558699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558699" title="List of sounding rockets">
List of sounding rockets

This is a list of sounding rockets used for suborbital research flights.

</doc>
<doc id="21558710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558710" title="List of upper stages">
List of upper stages

This is a list of upper stages used on rockets.

</doc>
<doc id="21558713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558713" title="Urry">
Urry

Urry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21558718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558718" title="Del Remedio, San Pablo">
Del Remedio, San Pablo

Barangay Del Remedio (commonly known as Wawa) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City.
It is located in the western portion of the city and bounded by the city proper and Brgy. San Roque on south, Brgys. Santa Maria Magdalena and San Juan on north, Brgy. San Lucas 2 on east, and Brgy. San Rafael on west. It is the second most populous barangay in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21558724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558724" title="List of military rockets">
List of military rockets

This is a list of unguided rockets and missiles used for military purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="21558743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558743" title="Ironstone Bank">
Ironstone Bank

Ironstone Bank, founded in 1997, merged into Raleigh, N.C.-headquartered First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company (known as First Citizens Bank) in 2011. At the time, IronStone Bank owned and operated 58 branches in 12 U.S. states.
IronStone Bank offered both personal and business financial services and was a wholly owned subsidiary of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. All former IronStone Bank branches now operate under the First Citizens Bank name.
History.
On April 28, 1997, Raleigh, N.C.-headquartered First Citizens BancShares launched IronStone Bank, a federally chartered thrift institution that originally operated under the name Atlantic States Bank. Initially, IronStone Bank operated in the counties surrounding Atlanta, Ga., but gradually expanded into other high-growth markets throughout the United States. On January 7, 2011, First Citizens BancShares announced the merger of its two banking subsidiaries First Citizens Bank and IronStone Bank. At that time, IronStone Bank merged with and became a division of First Citizens Bank, a North Carolina-chartered commercial bank. Prior to the merger, IronStone operated under a federal savings association charter.
The IronStone Bank division completed its conversion on Oct. 11, 2011, to the First Citizens Bank name. All former 58 branches in 12 U.S. states would now operate under the First Citizens Bank name.

</doc>
<doc id="21558749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558749" title="Shigaraki Palace">
Shigaraki Palace


</doc>
<doc id="21558772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558772" title="Santo Angel, San Pablo">
Santo Angel, San Pablo

Barangay Santo Angel (commonly known as Ilog) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City.
It is located in the northeastern portion of the city and bounded by Brgy. San Lorenzo on north, the municipality of Rizal, Laguna on east, Brgy. San Diego on south, and Brgy. Dolores on west. It is the third most populous barangay in the city.
Landmarks.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21558816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558816" title="Mold (cooking implement)">
Mold (cooking implement)


</doc>
<doc id="21558821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558821" title="2001 Deildabikar">
2001 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 2001 was the sixth staging of the Finnish League Cup. It featured all the 2000 Urvalsdeild teams and the top 6 teams from 1. deild karla in 2000.
The competition started on 15 February 2001 and concluded on 6 May 2001 with KR beating FH 5-3 on penalties in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2001

</doc>
<doc id="21558830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558830" title="Olędrzy">
Olędrzy

Olędrzy (singular: "Olęder", German: "Holländer" or "Hauländer") are people, often of Dutch or German ancestry, who lived in settlements in Poland organized under a particular type of law.
The term "Olędrzy" has been used to describe two related, but slightly different, groups of settlers. First, it describes settlers in Poland from Friesland and the rest of the Netherlands, most often of the Mennonite faith, who in the 16th and 17th centuries founded villages in Royal Prussia, along the Vistula River and its tributaries, in Kujawy, Mazovia and Wielkopolska. They possessed knowledge of flood control, and a well-developed agrarian culture. At that time, they were the wealthiest group of peasants. They maintained personal freedom, and their own religion and beliefs. After the First Partition of Poland, some of them emigrated to Ukraine.
Second, in a later period (up to the middle of the 19th century), the term "Olędrzy" was used to describe settlers of different ethnicities (principally Germans and Poles, at times Scots, Czechs, and Hungarians), who benefited from certain privileges resulting from the law established by the Frisian and Dutch colonists (such as personal freedom, long-term or perpetual use of land, and the possibility of transmitting land to heirs). The most important characteristic, however, was collective responsibility of the entire Olęder community for its obligations toward the land owner and the specific character of the community's self-government. Thus, the distinguishing characteristics of an Olęder settlement are legal, and not ethnic, religious or economic. Consequently, the word "Olęder" is not synonymous with "Dutch settler."
According to studies conducted so far, from 1527/1547 to 1864 on the terrain of the first Polish republic ("Rzeczpospolita") (later divided into three parts in the Polish partitions), at least 1700 olęder settlements were established. Of those, in at least 300 cases the settlers were ethnic Dutch. Traces of these settlements are still visible in village architecture, the physical layout of villages, and in the names of villages (Holendry, Olędry, Olendry, etc.)
Terminology.
Polish sources use a variety of terms for olęder settlers: Hollendrzy, Holędrzy, Holendrzy, Olędrzy, and Olendrzy. These are interchangeable, and derive from the first settlers from the Netherlands, who moved into Ducal Prussia and Royal Prussia beginning in the 16th century. It is important, however, to recognize that over time the term lost its ethnic meaning, and therefore Olendrzy refers to all settlers living under the legal regime introduced by the Dutch colonists, including most notably the Vistula Germans.
It is also important to underline, that not all settlements carrying the name "Olędry" (or similar) were in fact settled by Olendrzy. Rusiński gives examples of such instances in Wielkopolska: Wymysłowo (known in some sources as Czarkowskie Olędry) or Burzykowo in the parish of Oborniki (on some German maps called Burzykower Holl.). Rusiński argues that although though those villages had the name Olędry, that is not a basis for calling them genuine olędry settlements, because in their cases one does not find the legal arrangements typical of such colonization (collective responsibility to the land owner and characteristic olęder self-government).
A separate problem is the question of the German words that function as two alternatives: "Holländer" and "Hauländer." According to earlier German historical writings, they had two distinct meanings, reflecting a difference in the type of settlement. After all, "Olędry" were settled chiefly on difficult terrain, which required proper preparation to plant or raise livestock. The referenced historians argued that on low, wet terrain subject to flooding, settlers were called "Holländer" (in reference to the settlers from the Netherlands who were specialists in flood control and drainage), while those who colonists who settled in thick forests requiring clearing were called "Hauländer" (from the German "hauen" – to hew, to chop). However, that viewpoint has been recognized as inaccurate (both in German history writing as well as Polish), as evidenced by those settlements on flood plains called "Hauland" and villages that appeared on the road to clearings in the forest called "Holland." Most likely, the word "Hauländer" started as a variant of "Holländer," and appeared through blending the names of settlements with the name for woodcutters.
Reasons for colonization.
The beginnings of Olęder colonization must be sought in the Middle Ages in the area where Germans lived. The first records come from the area of Bremen in the year 1106. At that time, settlement was closely linked to the territorial expansion of the German rulers into Slavic territory. Southern Holstein was colonized by Duke Adolf II of Holstein, while Albert "the Bear" and Henry "the Lion" installed settlers from the Netherlands in Brandenburg and Mecklenburg. (Indeed, Albert "the Bear" was an especially active coloniser.)
The beginning of the second wave of settlement from the Netherlands, this time directly to Polish soil, occurred in the 16th Century. Three chief causes of that colonization can be distinguished:
Course of colonization.
Before Olęder settlers arrived on the soil of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, they were already present in Ducal Prussia. The first settlement in that region appeared in the area of modern-day Pasłęk. However, conflicts frequently arose between the Dutch and Germans regarding property, religion and customary law. Before long, those first settlers began looking for a new home. The first Polish terrain colonized by newcomers from the Netherlands was in Royal Prussia. In the middle of the 16th Century, the government of Gdańsk, led by Mayor Ferber, decided to populate Żuławy Gdańskie, which had been given to the city by King Casimir IV Jagiellon in 1454. The effort to settle locals there failed, because the peasants could not cope with flooding. Consequently, the people of Gdańsk agreed to an attempt to settle Netherlanders in the deserted village of Laudan. The newcomers from the Netherlands easily mastered the unfavorable conditions, and soon thereafter additional Olęder settlements appeared in Pomerania. Among others, these included Nowy Dwór (called "Tiegenhof" in 1562), Orłowo, Żelichowo, Markusy and Jurandowo. Soon colonization spread to the Starostwo of Puck (such as Karwieńskie Błoto and Reda), and – even more importantly – began to progress up the Vistula River.
Settlements appeared in the starostwas of Gniew and Sztum (including Szkaradowo, Benowo, Pułkowice, Szropy and Nowa Wieś). Olęder settlements were also located in the Osiek and Międzyłęż starostwas. The area around Nowe, Grudziądz and Świecie were also thickly settled. In 1597, Olęder settlement reached Wielkopolska. A settlement appeared in Ługi Ujskie, near Ujście. Four years later another appeared in Nowe Dwory, on the Wieleński family's estate. In that instance, the colonization was directly linked to Pomerania, since the Wieleński lord's wife was the widow of the Starosta of Świecie. In 1624 the Dutch reached as far as Warsaw, where they settled, among other places, on Saska Kępa. Earlier (in the second half of the 16th century), they were already in the area of Lublin (18 settlements appeared in the area of Sławatycze, on the Bug River.). Olęder settlement continued to spread up to the times of the Partitions of Poland, and even reached Volhynia in Ukraine.
With the passage of time the national character of the settlers changed. While at the beginning they were almost entirely of Dutch origin (sometimes arriving directly from the Netherlands, sometimes moving on after an initial stop in Ducal Prussia), later, with increasing frequency, they were descendants of the original Dutch, born on Polish soil, and subsequently from a completely different ethnic group—most often German, sometimes Polish, and occasionally representatives of other groups. For example, in reference to Wielkopolska, Rusiński wrote "of the Dutch nation ... it is generally difficult to speak." Chodyła gives a precise figure: descendants of the Dutch in Pomerania accounted for 0.8% of settlers; Evangelical (Lutheran) Germans, for 54%; and Polish Catholics, 38%. A further 7.2% were of mixed ethnicity and faith.
Most studies agree that the Partitions of Poland and subsequent period (up to the mid-19th century) was a turning point signalling the end of Olęder settlement. For example, many Mennonites abandoned the lands they had occupied in Prussia, because their religious beliefs did not allow them to perform military service, which conflicted with the ethos of such a heavily militaristic state. In addition, administrative reforms carried out by the partitioning powers eliminated the legal arrangements that constituted the distinguishing characteristic of Olęder settlements.
Settlement characteristics.
Types.
Considering the large differences in Olęder colonization in different regions and at different times, it is hard to speak of a single type of village or economic activity. Everything depended on local conditions (the requirements of the terrain and the character of land cleared for sowing or pasture), and the background of the settlers.
In the case of villages on terrain that had been drained, most often one finds buildings constructed in a straight line, with farms located between the river and a road running parallel. Each settler received a thin strip of land located at a right angle to the river or other body of water. If the chief task of the colonists was clearing forest lands, the land owner would designate a specified area, and the settler would choose himself the best place to make a clearing and would situate his farmstead there. This led to the appearance of so-called "zabudowa kolonijna", and in effect the village had a dispersed character.
In the earliest period of settlement, on the fertile soil of Prussia, large and wealthy farms prevailed. In a later period, especially in the valley of the Vistula River, there appeared ever more frequently small, poor and more dispersed farms. As regards the type of buildings, that depended strongly on the ethnicity of the colonists. Szałygin distinguished three types:
Górak points out the pros and cons of the Frisian and German types of farm. On the one hand, such placement of the buildings facilitated work and communication, especially in the rainy season or winter, when it was possible to maintain the farm without going outdoors (except to draw water). On the other hand, there is no way to ignore the terrible sanitary conditions and discomfort (especially the stench) resulting from having livestock living so close by.
If the settlers came from the Netherlands, and their task was flood control and draining flooded terrain, they applied certain typical methods of protecting their farms against high water. Buildings were located on an elevated platform, raised using dirt from excavating canals and drainage ponds. In the vicinity, they planted poplars and willows, whose purpose was to stop ice floes in the river during melts. The residential portion of the building was always closed to the river, or pointed upstream, so that in case of flood the water would flow first through the residential portion, then through the rest of the farm buildings, and finally spill out onto the fields, which helped to keep the building clean.
In discussing characteristic buildings of the Olęder settlement, one must also mention houses with open passageways on the groundfloor, and windmills (often based on Dutch designs) – the distinguishing contribution of the Dutch and Frisian immigrants to the Polish rural landscape (especially in Żuławy).
Legal regulation and village organization.
Because the Olęder settlement was not monolithic, either with regard to ethnicity, religion or economics, the basic distinguishing characteristic of that type of colonization was the legal conditions regulating both the relationships of the settlement to the broader world and its internal affairs.
Legal relations.
Settlement contracts and leases.
The legal foundation and mark of the beginning of settlement was the settlement "privilege" (also called the "contract" ("kontract") or "law" ("prawo"), which was rendered in Latin as the "privilegium" or "ius", and in German as the "Gerichtigkeit"), which was issued in the case of a significant majority of settlements. It usually took a ceremonial and ornamental form, being drawn up on parchment and appropriately stamped with official seals, either placed directly on the document or on cords attached to the document. From a formal legal point of view, this document was not a binding contract, but rather a unilateral declaration expressing the will of the land owner. "De facto", however, its contents reflected the agreement of both sides. In this regard, the most important distinguishing factor of olęder settlement is the fact that the second party was not a "zasadzcza" (that is, a figure in medieval Poland who acted as a sort of headman of a village, and intermediary between the land owner and his peasants), but rather the community of settlers acting collectively, or their representative acting on their behalf. The original document remained in the hands of the land owner, although it was often recopied into the appropriate "land book," since the land owner was obligated to produce a duplicate in case the original was lost or destroyed.
Contracts were drawn up in German, Polish or Latin. German or Latin appear most often in Royal Prussia (although contracts in Polish were also found there). The Polish language dominated elsewhere in the Kingdom of Poland. In Wielkopolska, around 22% of contracts were written in German, and one can even find contracts written both in German and Polish. Most often contracts were written only at the outset of settlement, although situations did occur—especially in later periods—where a contract's purpose was to recognize legally an already existing situation, such as the rights and relations of settlers already living on the land owner's lands. It also happened that a land owner would extend the new Olęder law to peasants who had been living on given lands for some time.
The contract precisely regulated relations of the Olęder community with the land owner and with other persons and institutions. One basic issue was the conditions on which the settlers were given tenure of lands ("dzierżawa"). At the beginning of the period of Olęder settlement, land was delivered to the settlers for a specified period, usually from a few dozen to 60 years (although it also occurred that Olęder settlers were given the land only for a few years—as a test period—and if the settlement was successful, the tenure was extended. In later periods, often tenure was turned into emphyteusis, often in perperuity. (In Roman and civil law, an emphyteusis was a contract by which a landed estate was leased to a tenant, either in perpetuity or for a long term of years, upon the reservation of an annual rent, and upon condition that the lessee should improve the property; the real right by which a person is entitled to enjoy another's estate as if it were his own, and to dispose of its substance, as far as can be done without deteriorating it.) This occurred both in cases of extended contracts of tenure, as well as in the founding of new Olęder settlements. (Rusiński gives as an example Olędry Róża, in Wielkopolska, settled before 1624). Such tenure was not only perpetual, but also heritable and alienable (although nothing could be done that would harm the interests of the land owner).
In return for tenure of the land, the settler paid the land owner the so-called "wkupne" (also called the "gottespfenik")). While in Royal Prussia and Kujawy the "wkupne" had to be paid before the first assumption of tenure, and also at each subsequent extension, in Wielkopolska Olęder settlers paid the land owner the so-called "Gruntgeld" only upon converting tenure for a term of years into tenure in perpetuity.
For the use of the land, the community had to pay the land owner an annual rent ("czynsz"), specified in the settlement contract. (Rent usually were paid only in money; rents in kind were rare outside of Wielkopolska). Frequently, at the founding of a settlement, the land owner gave the settlers a few years to get established, foregoing collection of rents during that period (the so-called "wolnizna"). In only a few cases were Olęder settlers also obligated to provide labor, and even then to a limited degree.
Personal and legal relationships.
The Olęder settlers were free persons. They were not dependent upon the land owner, as underscored in the majority of contracts for settling new villages. They could, at any time of their choice, sell their farm and depart the property. The situation is not entirely clear regarding existing inhabitants of a village to which the Olęder law was subsequently extended. For example, the inhabitants of Olędrów Chorzępowa, on the Sieraków estate, theoretically could sell their farms (and perhaps depart the property), but the settlement contract did not clearly describe them as free people, and an inventory of the estate made a few years later counts some of the farmers as serfs.
Minor judicial matters generally were tried before the local government of the Olęder community. However, the land owner reserved the right to hear the matter himself in the case of serious crimes (robbery, arson, murder, assault causing bodily harm, etc.) The land owner's court was also the court of review for appeals from the decision of the community. That legal arrangement placed the Olęder settler on a somewhat higher level than an enserfed peasant, who did not have access to community justice. Only rarely were Olędrzy without the right to settle any legal questions. Such was the case on Saska Kępa, where only the mayor and the land owner's clerk were entitled to judge disputes.
On royal estates, in case of a conflict with the starosta in charge of administering the estate for the king, the Olędrzy could appeal to the royal referendary court ("sąd referendarski"), a right which they invoked frequently. In the case of noble estates, nothing is known regarding the regulatory conditions allowing appeal from decisions of the land owner. However, almost certainly the Olędrzy had the capacity on their own initiative to file a complaint in the civic and land courts ("urzęd grodzki i ziemski"), in contrast to serfs who could file such a complaint only in the presence of the land owner himself.
Faith, public and religious obligations.
Olęder settlers identified with different Christian sects. This is the case both with the first colonists, from the Netherlands and Frisia (most often Anabaptists and Mennonites), and with the later, ethnically different peasants (Lutherans and Roman Catholics). In general, they enjoyed freedom of religion, which after all was one of the reasons for the original Dutch colonization. The great majority of settlement contracts contained the limitation that the settlers were not allowed to prevent Catholic laborers they employed from participating in Holy Mass or other church visits. Only rarely did a founder interfere with the colonists' freedom to carry out their own religious observances (for example, the Warsaw authorities not only prohibited the Olędrzy from building a Protestant church, but also from holding services, either privately or publicly. They were required to participate in Catholic services.).
Even if an Olęder settlement was populated by non-Catholic peasants, most often the settlement was within the jurisdiction of Catholic Church administration. Consequently, both Catholics and Lutherans were required to make certain payments (in return for which, Lutherans were, in certain situations, authorized to use the services of Catholic priests). Olędrzy paid tithes or "meszne", a payment for saying Mass, often made in kind but sometimes in money, and paid by all inhabitants in a parish (it was rare for both tithes and "meszne" to have to be paid), as well as payments for specific services (performing baptisms, marriages, burials, etc.) These were paid to the Roman Catholic Church by Lutherans even if the service was performed by a Protestant chaplain, and was treated as compensation for the reduction in Church finances. Payments for these things to the Roman Catholic Church were only abolished in 1768, when the Cardinal Laws equalized the legal rights of Catholics and dissenters.
Like other peasants, Olędrzy were also required to pay certain taxes to the state (and only rarely did the land owner take that responsibility upon himself, and in those cases he may have compensated himself through higher rents). These included taxes levied per capita or per hearth, having to provide winter quarters for soldiers, and other taxes (such as those on hides or the "subsidium charitativum").
Organization.
Local self-government.
Strong self-government was one of the most fundamental distinguishing characteristics of Olęder settlement, even though there were cases where the land owner attempted to limit it (by trying to appoint a hereditary "sołtys," who was a dependant of the manor), in which case the community's system of local government was closer to that of villages founded under the German Law. Most often, however, the manor respected the rights of the community granted in the settlement contract.
The local government of the community consisted of the "sołtys" and his councillors, each called a "ławnik". Most often there were two of these, rarely three and extremely seldom four.). They were not appointed by the land owner, but chosen by all the inhabitants of the settlement (although women did not have the right to vote). Elections to local government most often were hold annually. At times the term of office lasted two or three years. Election to an office for life was truly exceptional.
On the one hand, local officials served as intermediaries between the settlement and the manor. They were directly responsible for ensuring complete and punctual fulfillment of the obligations owed to the manor, such as collecting a delivering payments and rents to the land owner. On the other hand, the "sołtys" and councillors managed the administration of the community and its judicial system. This was most often regulated by administrative ordinances ("wilkierz"), which frequently were also spelled out in the settlement contract. The legal content of these had the objective of regulating relations among the peasants, which was especially important in the context of the shared responsibility of the community to fulfill the obligations toward the land owner contained in the contract. For example, the officials of the local government were even required to remove an Olęder who neglected his land and settle somebody else there. The local government was also responsible for the care of minor orphans, with security (especially against fires) and cleanliness of the settlement.
At the same time, the "sołtys" and councillors acted as the court of first instance for minor infractions and arguments. For all of these actions, local officials received payment from the community. Income from payments was placed in the community chest, kept by the sołtys (and keys to which were held by the councillors). Funds from the community chest were used, among other things, to cover the travel costs of jury members, as well, perhaps, as payment to a community shepherd, a night watchman, a teacher or the cost of insuring against fire.
Schools.
An important distinguishing characteristic of non-Catholic Olęder settlements was the existence on their terrains of schools. Above all, these fulfilled a religious function, preparing youth to join the community of faith. Rusiński even doubts whether anything other than the catechism was taught in some schools.
The school generally was located in its own building, to the construction of which the land owner agreed in the settlement contract. He also facilitated upkeep of the school by designating for it a specified area of land free of rents. For example, in Chmielinko the settlers received one-half of a "huba" for the school. The teacher cultivated that land, although he often also received additional contributions from the community. His duties included providing instruction in religion, and how to participate in the religion's rituals, and teaching reading, writing and arithmetic. The community sometimes took advantage of the teacher's knowledge of how to write to perform certain tasks associated with administration of the settlement: maintaining the community's records and the local government's correspondence. Surely, the teacher also sometimes acted as scribe for the personal correspondence of the peasants.
It is difficult to assess the quality of instruction in the Olęder schools. In Rusiński's opinion, the manner of recruiting teachers in Olęder settlements in Wielkopolska—from among weavers, inkeepers, shoekeepers or tailors in small towns who could not find work—is proof that the quality cannot have been very high. At the same time, he recognized that the fact of these schools' existence was an undeniable benefit to the community. In turn, Szałygin indicated that, for the settlers from the Netherlands the schools were a safeguard for their language, culture, traditions and Mennonite faith, which allowed them to keep their own identity and resist Polonization. However, after the partitions of Poland, Prussian policy led to their Germanization.
Impact.
Studies thoroughly analyzing the effects of the Olęder settlement on the Polish economy are lacking. Researchers have treated the topic summarily. For example, Rusiński limits himself to the claim that, "as an economic phenomenon, the settlement must undoubtedly be assessed positively." In turn, Szałygin points out that "their farms were characterized by a significantly higher efficiency, modernization and better organization of work than the farms of enserfed peasants. Precisely defining the effects of this type of colonisation is even more difficult because so far no studies have appeared that encompass the entire territory of the Polish Rzeczpospolita, from Ducal Prussia, through Kujawy, Mazovia and Wielkopolska to the area around Lublin. The fullest and richest work remains that of Rusiński, published in 1947, and which deals only with Wielkopolska.
However, there is no doubt—as proved by the willingness of land owners to grant settlement contracts to additional villages—that the Olęder settlement phenomenon had positive effects on the Polish rural economy, in two ways. First, the arrival of the colonists from the Netherlands and Friesland, with their centuries of experience in cultivating difficult floodplains, gave a push to development of Polish agriculture and livestock breeding. Second, land owners received higher incomes thanks to the higher efficiency and economic skill of free persons.

</doc>
<doc id="21558831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558831" title="San Diego, San Pablo">
San Diego, San Pablo

Barangay San Diego is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the eastern portion of the city and bounded by Brgy. Sto. Angel on north, Brgy. Sta. Isabel and Brgy. San Jose on south, and Brgy. Dolores on north.And it has a school named San Diego Elementary School.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21558839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558839" title="K-1 World MAX 2003 World Tournament Final">
K-1 World MAX 2003 World Tournament Final

K-1 World MAX 2003 World Tournament Final was a kickboxing event promoted by the K-1 organization. It was the second ever K-1 MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/154 lb weight class) involving eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules. The tournament fighters had qualified via preliminary tournaments, had been involved in the previous years final, or had been invited due to their achievements in kickboxing and Muay Thai (more information on the fighters is detailed by the bulleted list below). As well as tournament bouts there was also a super fight, also fought under K-1 rules. In total there were twelve fighters at the event, representing seven countries.
The tournament winner was the home favourite Masato who defeated reigning champion Albert Kraus by knockout, in what was a very entertaining event with five stoppages in the eight bouts. Both Masato and Kraus had challenging routes to the final with Masato having a close decision victory over Mike Zambidis and Kraus overcoming up and comer and future K-1 MAX champion Andy Souwer in the quarter finals. The event was held in Saitama at the Saitama Super Arena, on Saturday, 5 July 2003.
Finalists
Reservists

</doc>
<doc id="21558844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558844" title="Crystal Brook – Broken Hill railway">
Crystal Brook – Broken Hill railway

The Crystal Brook - Broken Hill railway is a standard gauge railway line in the mid north of South Australia and the far west of New South Wales. It is part of the East-West rail corridor in Australia.
Infrastructure.
The line begins at the junction with the Adelaide-Port Augusta Line at the Crystal Brook Triangle and ends at Broken Hill station. It is standard gauge and single track throughout its entire length, with numerous long crossing loops. The line is operated and managed by the Australian Rail Track Corporation.
Crossing loops.
The maximum length of trains generally on this line is 1800m, but only some of the crossing loops are of this length.
Crystal Brook to Coonamia is double track.
Services.
The main traffic on the line is Sydney - Adelaide and Sydney - Perth interstate freight, with the majority of trains operated by Pacific National and SCT, although intrastate services can also be seen.
The only passenger service is The Indian Pacific once a week except during peak season, operated by Great Southern Railway, between Sydney and Perth. This train makes a scheduled stop at Broken Hill for booked passengers, although the train will also stop to pick up or let down passengers at Peterborough, Jamestown and Gladstone stations upon request. The Indian Pacific also stops at major rural stations such as Menindee and Ivanhoe.
The only other passenger service is the Sydney - Broken Hill Xplorer service, run by NSW TrainLink once a week.

</doc>
<doc id="21558849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558849" title="2002 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering">
2002 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering

The 2002 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering () was the first World Championship of Ski Mountaineering sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC), held at Serre Chevalier in the former French province Dauphiné from January 24 to January 27, 2002. In due to the heavy snowfall all events were postponed one day
The event was supported by the Fédération française de la montagne et de l’escalade (FFME). The 230 participants were from 22 nations and from three continents. Compared to the 1975 Trofeo Mezzalama, which was also held as "World Championship of Ski Mountaineering" with the classes "Civilians", "Soldiers" and "Mountain guides", the ICSM competition was only for members of the civilian national squads. Participants from countries without a squad could register with the help of the national mountain organizations.
Equipment.
The equipment of the participants was very different:
The weight of the ultra-light skies of the European top teams was only about incl. binding. These teams also had the mentioned race suits as well as long and light Nordic skiing poles.
Results.
Team.
event held on January 24, 2002<br>
length: 19 kilometers<br>
altitude differences: 
List of the 10 best teams by gender:
Individual.
event held on January 27, 2002
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
Combination ranking.
List of the best 10 participants by gender:

</doc>
<doc id="21558869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558869" title="Avonhead">
Avonhead

The suburb of Avonhead is located in the city of Christchurch, New Zealand. Avonhead has two primary schools (Avonhead Primary School and Merrin School, a shopping mall (Avonhead Mall), and several parks.
Engineer William Bayley Bray (1812–1885) arrived in Canterbury in January 1851 on the "Duke of Bronte" and built a homestead at the head of the Avon River in an area with many springs, and he thus called it Avonhead. The area itself was referred to as Avonwood in early records, but Avonhead became the common term and this was formally adopted by the Waimairi County Council 1959.
Parks.
Parks include Avonhead Park, Crosbie Park, Hyde Park and Burnside Park.
Schools.
Russley School.
Russley School is a Primary School in Russley, Christchurch. The School has typically between 350-400 students and is a decile 9 school. It has students from years 1 - 8, therefore covers intermediate schooling. Most students from Russley School go on to secondary schooling at Riccarton High School. The school has 18 classrooms and has recently built a new hall.

</doc>
<doc id="21558885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558885" title="Calvary Episcopal Church (Memphis, Tennessee)">
Calvary Episcopal Church (Memphis, Tennessee)

Calvary Episcopal Church, located at 102 North Second Street at Adams Avenue, in Memphis, Tennessee, in the United States, is an historic Episcopal church, founded August 6, 1832 by the Rev. Thomas Wright. The nave (consecrated May 12, 1844) is the oldest public building in continuous use in the city of Memphis and was designed by Calvary's second Rector, The Rev. Philip Alston. There were several later additions: a tower in 1848, the chancel in 1881, the Parish Hall in 1903, and the Education Building in 1992. As Calvary Episcopal Church and Parish House, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Parish Information.
Calvary is an active parish in the Episcopal Diocese of West Tennessee. Current clergy are as follows: the Rev. Christopher D. Girata, Rector, the Rev. Eyleen Farmer and the Rev. Ben G. Robertson IV, Associate Rectors, and the Rev. Deacon Audrey Gonzalez and the Rev. Deacon Mimsy Jones, Assisting Clergy.
The education wing houses the Calvary Place Child Care Center, which serves working parents in downtown Memphis. Since 1928, the volunteer-run "Waffle Shop" has provided downtown Memphians with a simple weekday lunch during the season of Lent. The profits support outreach ministries of congregations throughout the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21558909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558909" title="List of Roman Catholic hymns">
List of Roman Catholic hymns

This is a list of original Roman Catholic hymns. The list does not contain hymns originating from other Christian confessions, despite occasional usage in Roman Catholic churches.

</doc>
<doc id="21558922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558922" title="Retro Duo">
Retro Duo

The Retro Duo is a video-game clone console developed by Retro-Bit and distributed by Innex, Inc. The Retro Duo is an 8-bit and 16-bit video game console. It was designed to fit the needs of 8-bit and 16-bit console gamers and plays game cartridges for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Super NES/Super Famicom. There have been quite a few clone systems made in recent years, but the difference with this one is that it plays American, European, and Japanese games and has the highest compatibility over any other clone system. Another notable difference is that S-video is now compatible when playing SNES games. The console is not licensed by Nintendo and is not fully compatible with every game released for the two game systems; however, the majority of games will function properly. While it has only been released in Canada and the United States, it can still be used in Europe and Japan with a power plug adapter. The console is compatible with official and third party SNES controllers.
Reviews of the Retro Duo have praised its compatibility for games many other clone consoles struggle with (due to hardware issues) such as "" on the NES, "Star Fox" on the SNES, and the Game Genie cheat cartridge. The Retro Duo is also compatible with the Super Game Boy device. The Retro Duo was released in four different color schemes: white/blue, silver/black, black/red, red/gold limited edition version. The new 3.0 released fixed many of the previous 2 versions, including the compatibility with "Castlevania III" and came as a red/blue Mascot edition. 
Compatibility.
List of known incompatible games:
"Nintendo Entertainment System"
"Super Nintendo Entertainment System"
Most or all the PAL games listed below are not playable on a real NTSC Super NES (even with its security chip disabled). Their inclusion here does not reflect incompatibilities between the (NTSC) Retro Duo and a real NTSC Super NES.
Controllers / Accessories (compatible with NES to SNES cables but only ones with accessory support)
Retro Duo Portable.
Retro-Bit also has a portable version of the console, the Retro Duo Portable, released with a black case on January 23, 2012, and later with a red case on September 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21558927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558927" title="Karl Körner">
Karl Körner

Karl Körner (19 April 1920 – 8 August 1997) was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II and one of the most successful Panzer-Commander Aces who had a score of 102 tank kills within only 3 months and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Karl Körner was born on 19 April 1920, in Hoym Germany and during World War II he volunteered to join the Waffen SS.
He started the war in the SS-VT on 27 March 1940 in the 4th Company, SS Reserve Battalion of SS Regiment "Germania" in Hamburg-Langenhorn and was transferred to Klagenfurt on 28 April 1940 where the Regiment "Nordland" for SS Division "Wiking" was formed. In the 4th Company of "Nordland" Körner was active as a s.MG-Schütze on the Eastern-front till the beginning of 1943.
After his 2nd wound he came in the SS Reserve Battalion of the new SS Division "Nordland" in Kroatia.
By the end of 1943 he was transferred to 103 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion which was in training and finally the Battalion was sent to the Eastern-front on 27 January 1945.
In April 1945, Karl Körner was a platoon commander in the 2nd Company, 503 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion acting in support of an infantry attack in the area of Bollersdorf to the east of Berlin, during the attack he located two JS II tanks. He destroyed the first and the second drove into a tank ditch when reversing to get into a firing position and was then abandoned by the crew.
Advancing further along the road from Bollersdorf to Strausberg he observed a Russian tank brigade consisting of another eleven JS II tanks and around 120 to 150 T-34/85's being refueled and rearmed. He opened fire with his King Tiger and destroyed the JS II tanks and attacked the T-34's with the other 2 King Tigers of his platoon which arrived later. Some of the fuel and ammunition trucks caught in the attack exploded causing panic amongst the tank crews. After Körner had expended all the Tiger's ammunition supply (39 rounds for 39 tanks destroyed) he withdrew back to the German Lines.
In the following days, the 503 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion was forced back into the defense of Berlin. In the withdrawal, Körner destroyed 102 Russian tanks and 26 anti tank guns, for which he was awarded the Knight's Cross in the Führerbunker on the 29 April 1945. After the award ceremony he returned to what was left of his Battalion fighting in the Charlottenburg area.
Karl Körner survived the war and died on 8 August 1997 in Neu-Eichenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21558929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558929" title="Alice Temperley">
Alice Temperley

Alice Temperley MBE (born 22 July 1975) is a British fashion designer based in London. Her fashion label, Temperley London was launched in 2000.
Career.
Alice Temperley grew up in Somerset, on her parents' cider farm before moving to London to attend university. Temperley graduated from the Royal College of Art and Central Saint Martins before setting up her company, Temperley London, together with her then boyfriend (now husband) Lars von Bennigsen in 2000. She is well known for her focus on beautiful fabrics and hand-finishes and has been hailed as "the designer making the biggest waves in British fashion' by American Vogue.
Temperley hosted her first fashion show in Notting Hill, London in 2003. In 2005 she moved her fashion shows to New York where she showed until 2011 (with the exception of the Spring Summer 2009 show in 2008 in London.). In 2011 she returned to London for the brand’s tenth anniversary show at the British Museum. For four consecutive seasons, from 2009 to 2011, Temperley presented her collections via multimedia installations rather than traditional catwalk shows.
Temperley London produce three lines; Temperley London, ALICE by Temperley and Temperley Bridal with 10 collections a year across the three lines, including Cruise and Pre Fall.
Temperley Bridal launched in 2007. In spring of 2010 Temperley London launched a sister brand ‘ALICE by Temperley', targeted at a younger demographic and containing more affordable and casual pieces. ALICE by Temperley debuted at leading department stores around the world including Harvey Nichols, Selfridges, Harrods, Neiman Marcus, Isetan and Net-A-Porter.
Temperley has five stand alone boutiques; two in London- a flagship on Mayfair's Bruton Street and an occasion wear boutique in Notting Hill, as well as stores in Los Angeles, Dubai and Doha, Qatar. Additionally, Temperley London is sold in 300 stores in 37 different countries.
Somerset by Alice Temperley, the designers first high street collaboration launched exclusively with British Retailer John Lewis in September 2012. The line is the fastest selling fashion collection in the department store's history.
The company headquarters are based between Mayfair and Notting Hill in London.
Recognition.
Temperley has been awarded several times including English Print Designer of the Year in 1999 at Indigo, Paris as well as Elle Magazine Best Young Designer of the Year Award in 2004. She was named one of Britain’s top 35 female business leaders in 2006 and Designer of The Year at the Hollywood Style Awards in 2011.
Temperley was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) by Her Majesty the Queen in the 2011 New Year Honours for services to the fashion industry.
Temperley was awarded 'Designer of the Year' at the 2011 Hollywood Style Awards.
Wearers of her designs have included The Duchess of Cambridge, her sister Pippa Middleton, Halle Berry, Kate Hudson, Sarah Jessica Parker, Eva Mendez, Claire Danes, Sienna Miller, Florence Welch, Demi Moore, Heidi Klum, Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Alba, Kate Bosworth, Keira Knightley, Naomi Campbell, Nicole Richie, Reese Witherspoon, Rosario Dawson, Rihanna, Beyoncé, Kate Beckinsale, Emma Watson and Scarlett Johansson.
Company.
The company is privately owned and run by Alice Temperley and her husband and CEO Lars von Bennigsen. In 2006 it was widely rumored that Gucci Group were interested in buying a stake in the company. This was never confirmed nor denied by Temperley London.
Personal life.
Temperley is the granddaughter of the distinguished mathematical physicist Neville Temperley.
She met her husband, Lars von Bennigsen in 1998, while working as a waitress. They married in 2002 in a 20's style wedding covered by British Vogue.
In September 2008, 5 days after the Temperley London SS09 fashion show, Temperley gave birth to her first child, a son named Fox London Temperley von Bennigsen Mackiewicz.

</doc>
<doc id="21558933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558933" title="Recep İvedik">
Recep İvedik

Recep İvedik is a 2008 Turkish comedy film, directed by Togan Gökbakar, and the name of the main character (also in the sequels Recep İvedik 2, Recep İvedik 3 and Recep İvedik 4), an oafish man played by Şahan Gökbakar.
Recep İvedik takes up residence in an expensive Antalya hotel to win back his childhood love. The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on , was the highest grossing Turkish film of 2008. The film's titular comic character was created by Şahan Gökbakar for his Turkish comedy television show "Dikkat Şahan Çıkabilir", which ran from 2005 to 2006, and has subsequently gone on to feature in a series of sequel films. The film was shot on location in Istanbul and Antalya, Turkey.
Plot.
İvedik is a fearsome-looking uncultivated driver with a lot of aggression but a spark of goodness in him. Involved by accident in a street fight, he rescues the wallet of the owner of an Antalya luxury hotel and hitchhikes his way south to restore it to the rightful owner. Along the way he is made the object of an unlikely attempted seduction by a homosexual truck-driver, reacting with shock and innocence.
Reaching the hotel to hand over the wallet, he begins his stay by shattering a porcelain vase in the hotel lobby and talks his way out of the situation in exactly the same way as earlier burlesque characters. After giving back the wallet, he is about to leave when he glimpses his childhood sweetheart Sibel (Fatma Toptaş) among a party of arriving guests and decides to take up the owner's offer of a free stay in the hotel. Gökbakar then uses İvedik to burlesque every aspect of five star hotel life. Unable to use the toilets, he pees in the ornamental flowers, drinks the hotel shampoo as well as the contents of the minibar, massages the foot of an amorous woman in mistake for Sibel's, gatecrashes women's morning fitness exercises on the beach in a ludicrous purple gown, and cuffs the heads of almost everyone who comes into contact with him. All the while he pours out a stream of inappropriate invective and obscenities.
By the close of the film most middle class conventions have also been shattered, a high point being a burping contest between him and Sibel. Sibel, who is resisting her bourgeois mother's attempts to marry her off to a fiance she does not love, contains a very mild criticism of the middle class lifestyles and attitudes with which İvedik is colliding. By making a sweet nice girl like Sibel belch at full volume, Gökbakar comes closest to an outright repudiation of middle class values. The film ends with İvedik leaving the hotel. Has catharsis been achieved? No. İvedik departs more or less exactly as he arrived, presumably en route to more adventures in his next film. Yet somehow he ends up by being not so much frightening as slightly loveable—no doubt because he no longer appears wholly dangerous. It is Sibel's view of him which has changed—and that of the film audience too.
Release.
The film opened in 230 screens across Turkey on 22 February 2008 with a first weekend gross of $5,330,000.
Reception.
Box office.
The film has a worldwide gross of $34,878,340.

</doc>
<doc id="21558934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558934" title="Hag of the mist">
Hag of the mist

The Hag of the mist, known in Welsh as the Gwrach-y-Rhibyn
or the Cyoeraeth, is a hag spirit comparable to the Irish banshee. Like the banshee, the Hag of the mist is portrayed as an ugly woman, whose shriek or cry is said to forewarn of misfortune or death.
Often invisible, she can sometimes be seen at a crossroads or stream when the mist rises.
Hearing the shriek warns of coming misfortune or even death. If it is death that is coming, the name of the one doomed to die will be heard in her "shrill tenor". The misfortune may be coming to the person hearing her voice, or to someone in their family.

</doc>
<doc id="21558937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558937" title="Fluid (web browser)">
Fluid (web browser)

Fluid is a WebKit-based site-specific browser (SSB) for Mac OS X created by Todd Ditchendorf. It has often been compared to Mozilla Prism and mentioned in Lifehacker, TechCrunch, 43 Folders, the 37 Signals blog, and on InfoWorld as a way to make web applications more like native desktop applications. 
It comes natively with support for userscripts (like Greasemonkey for Mozilla Firefox) and userstyles (like Stylish for Mozilla Firefox) for the modification of the look and feel of web applications. It also integrates with Apple's Cover Flow utility.
Open-sourcing.
On March 18, 2010, Fluid developer Todd Ditchendorf announced on his weblog that he was open-sourcing the browser-portion of Fluid (also used by the Cruz browser) under the Apache License as Fluidium.
On June 7, 2010, Todd Ditchendorf also open-sourced the "SSB creator" portion of Fluid, also known as Fluid.app.
1.0 milestone.
On May 1, 2011, Fluid 1.0 was released with a completely new codebase. Fluid Apps created with previous versions of Fluid cannot be updated via software update and SSBs have to be re-created with Fluid 1.0 (to transition to version 1.0 and later). While version 1.0 is still a free app, a Fluid License can be purchased which will unlock extra features (some previously included by default in previous versions). On July 4, 2011, version 1.2 was released and featured compatibility with Mac OS X 10.7 Lion.

</doc>
<doc id="21558975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558975" title="The ASEAN Way">
The ASEAN Way

The ASEAN Way is the official regional anthem of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. The lyrics were written by Payom Valaiphatchra (; ) and the music composed by Kittikhun Sodprasert (; ) and Sampow Triudom (; ), the winning entry out of 99 finalists from all ten Asean Nations.
ASEAN Anthem Competition.
The competition was launched and was announced throughout all the member states of ASEAN, in a bid to find an official anthem to replace the formerly de facto regional anthem, ASEAN Hymn, which was considered as lacking in gusto and passion by several member states. The competition was open to all the nationals of ASEAN, limiting to 20 entries per member state. The winning entry received over US$20,000 in reward and was declared as the official regional anthem of Southeast Asia. The panel of judges unanimously voted The ASEAN Way as the official regional anthem of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in the final round on 20 November 2008.
Panel of judges.
And 3 non-ASEAN judges:
Lyrics.
Raise our flag high, sky high, 
Embrace the pride in our heart, 
ASEAN we are bonded as one, 
Looking outward to the world. 
For peace, our goal from the very start, 
And prosperity to last. 
We dare to dream, we care to share. 
Together for ASEAN; 
We dare to dream, We care to share,
For it's the way of ASEAN
External links.
Anthems

</doc>
<doc id="21558977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558977" title="Taka Higashino">
Taka Higashino

Higashino began riding motocross when he was seven, and attended many races during his teens. He turned professional at age 18, and moved to the United States in 2006 to compete. He appeared in his first X Games contest in 2007. His motocross career took off in 2010, when he finished first at the Dew Tour Salt Lake City FMX Contest, Red Bull XRAY, and earned a bronze medal for his FMX Best Trick performance at X Games XVI. That year, Transworld Motocross named Higashino the Breakout FMX Rider of the Year.
In 2011, Higashino took first place at the ASA World Championships of FMX and competed in his fifth consecutive X Games competition. He also performed on the Nuclear Cowboyz Freestyle Chaos tour, an American motocross exhibition, and will ride on the tour again in 2012. At X Games XVIII in 2012 he won gold in Moto X Freestyle and claimed second in Moto X Best Trick. He is the first Japanese medallist in the X games.
Career highlights.
Winner, 2013 Red Bull X-Fighters Osaka, FMX

</doc>
<doc id="21558989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558989" title="Nishi-Tsuruga Station">
Nishi-Tsuruga Station


</doc>
<doc id="21558996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21558996" title="Awano Station">
Awano Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559000" title="Crookers">
Crookers

Crookers is the musical project of Italian DJ/producer, Francesco "Phra" Barbaglia and previously Andrea "Bot" Fratangelo.
Crookers was originally a duo consisting of Phra and fellow producer Bot, who worked together from 2003-2012. When the two artists met, both were trying to branch out of their genre and explore dance music. Their first collaboration worked. Phra said "It felt natural to team up, seeing that we had the same musical tastes... which isn't that easy here in Milan."
On October 19, 2012, it was announced that Bot had left the group to pursue a new direction and that Phra would carry on the Crookers name as a solo project.
Since then "Phra" has produced the song "Ghetto Guetta" under the alias "Crookers", the song was published on the former band's own label "Ciao Recs" under licence to the Be Yourself Catalog. Recent Crookers singles "Heavy" and "Able to Maximize" are also produced solely by Phra.
Biography.
Bot took up the guitar at an early age, later moving onto synths, turntables and sequencers. Phra had already started DJing by age 11, when he was introduced to the Italian hip hop scene.
Their first international release was on Berlin's Man Recordings (Funk Mundial #3), for which Crookers contributed various remixes. The duo later released three EPs in 2008 ("Knobbers", "Mad Kidz" and "E.P.istola", all containing exclusive original tracks). Their debut album, "Tons of Friends", was released in 2010.
Their collaboration with Kid Cudi in "Day 'N' Nite" entered the UK Singles Chart at number 2 and is featured on the game "".
Crookers work with producer/remixer Sketch Iz Dead on many of their tracks.
In 2009 they DJed on ElectroChoc, an in-game radio station of "", which is based around the nightclub scene of Liberty City. Also, the group gained significant attention as the closing song in the final GTAIV game ("The Ballad of Gay Tony") is "No Security". In the same year they remixed 'Get On Your Boots' by U2 and confirmed to be one of the most acclaimed DJ duos of that period.
In November 2010 the duo signed a deal with Interscope Records, and they released their new single "We Love Animals" under the label as their first single of their upcoming second studio album.
On , Crookers released the "The Gonzo Anthem" EP. Then on 24 October, they released their second album, "Dr Gonzo", featuring: Neoteric, Savage Skulls, Wax Motif, His Majesty Andre, Lazy Ants and Keith & Supabeatz. The album has been described as a return to their original style.
Bot left the group in October 2012. Phra continues to use the Crookers name solo.
Phra released a new track called ""Ghetto Guetta"" on the 22nd October 2013 on Ciao Recs, and released it on the 29th October 2013 on Big & Dirty Recordings under licence to the Be Yourself Catalogue.

</doc>
<doc id="21559019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559019" title="Higashi-Mihama Station">
Higashi-Mihama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559031" title="David Freud, Baron Freud">
David Freud, Baron Freud

David Anthony Freud, Baron Freud (born 24 June 1950) is a British journalist, businessman, Conservative politician and welfare adviser and is a Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. He is a great grandson of Sigmund Freud, and son of Annette Krarup and Walter Freud. Freud's book describing his career in the city has been described as ""morally ambiguous"". Whilst working in the City of London he was called by a colleague the ""Fraud Squad"" because of his ability to ""heavily promote new share issues that subsequently tanked."" 
Education.
Freud attended Whitgift School, an independent school in Croydon, south London, followed by Merton College, a college of the University of Oxford.
Life and career.
Finance.
Freud was first employed by the "Financial Times" as a journalist, writing the Lex column over a period of four years. In 1983 he was hired by the firm then known as Rowe & Pitman. Freud admits that this job which involved ""writing research on companies at the same time as taking money from them for advice"" would be considered illegal today. This type of conflict of interest was outlawed only after the dotcom boom when analysts were being found to have publicly backed clients while privately trashing them.
He worked on more than 50 deals, raising more than £50bn in 19 countries. Many were high profile, including the flotations of Eurotunnel and EuroDisney, while he orchestrated the rescue of the Channel Tunnel railway link and National Air Traffic Services. His role in the deals earned him a great deal of publicity and occasionally criticism. His rescue plan for the Channel tunnel rail link was subsequently lambasted for using ""inaccurate and optimistic"" figures by MPs. The Telegraph observed that Freud’s Euro Disney financial plans "“went so goofy they almost wrecked his career"”
By the late 1990s Freud was becoming increasingly concerned about how he was being perceived by associates: ""I felt like Beowulf saying to those who turned against him, 'Didn't I feed you enough gold?'.""". He was of the opinion that ""If the rest of the country knew what we were being paid, there would be tumbrels on the street and heads carried around on pikes."" 
By 2003, Freud had become the vice-chairman of investing banking at the firm, now known as UBS AG. He retired early at the age 53, claiming that he was bored with the City. ""I spent most of my time firing people,"" following the downturn of stock markets at the turn of the century. 
One reviewer of Freud's book on his City career wrote that he "“will be remembered in the City as one of the key players in several of the most embarrassing and badly managed deals in investment banking history”."
Welfare reform.
In late 2006, Freud was appointed by the then Prime Minister, Tony Blair, to provide a nominally independent review of the British welfare to work system. Freud acknowledged that he "“didn’t know anything about welfare at all”". His subsequent recommendations called for expanded private sector involvement in the welfare system, for substantial resources to be found to help those on Incapacity Benefit back into "economic activity" and for single parents to be required to take paid employment earlier. Although his recommendations on single parents were immediately adopted, when Gordon Brown became Prime Minister in June 2007 other restructuring measures that involved paying private contractors thousands of pounds for processing long term unemployed people (""we can pay masses""
Dominic Lawson commented on Freud's appointment as welfare advisor:
He was later rehired as an adviser to the government when James Purnell was appointed Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in 2008. He was involved in producing a white paper, published in December 2008, which would require most people receiving benefits either to participate in some form of employment or prepare formally to find paid employment later. ""We cannot have people simply loafing about, doing nothing and exp"ecting the state to finance their lifestyles,"" he said in comments to the white paper in question. "That is the way to the destruction of our society."" Freud's vision of welfare reform would involve the removal of welfare benefits paid purely on the basis of need. In future people such as those receiving incapacity benefits would be forced to agree to a plan to enter employment or be subject to sanctions.
In February 2009, Freud joined the Conservative Party, which at that time was not in government. On 27 June 2009 he was created a life peer as Baron Freud, of Eastry in the county of Kent, and became a shadow minister for welfare in the House of Lords.
In October 2010 a number of Church groups and organisations complained to the Prime Minister David Cameron about Freud and chancellor George Osborne's ""misrepresentation"" and ""exaggeration"" of fraud in welfare claims that had the effect of stigmatising the poorest and most vulnerable in society.
As of 2012, Freud is in charge of reform of the benefits system.
In April 2013, hundreds of anti-cuts activists delivered an ""eviction notice"" to the home of Lord Freud to protest at the Government's controversial welfare changes. Campaigners from UK Uncut protested outside Freud’s, home estimated to be worth £1.9m.
In July 2013 Freud was criticised in The Guardian for his ""withered meanness"" that sought to explain the dramatic increase of food banks in the United Kingdom as being due to people taking goods that were available for free rather than anything to do with his welfare reforms.

</doc>
<doc id="21559032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559032" title="Thomas Cadell (publisher)">
Thomas Cadell (publisher)

Thomas Cadell (1742–1802) was a successful 18th-century English bookseller, who published works by some of the most famous writers of the century.
Thomas Cadell was born in Bristol to William and Mary Cadell and baptized on 12 November 1742. In March 1758, Cadell’s father apprenticed him to the successful London bookseller and publisher Andrew Millar. Cadell became his partner in April 1765 and took over the business upon Millar’s death in 1767. Now a successful bookseller, Cadell married the daughter of Reverend Thomas Jones on 1 April 1769.
Cadell ran his business out of 141 Strand for over 25 years, sometimes partnering with William Strahan and later Andrew Strahan. He published works by notable authors, whom he paid well. For example, Cadell and Strahan published Edward Gibbon’s "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire" (1776–88), Henry Mackenzie’s "The Man of Feeling" (1771) and the poetry of Robert Burns. Cadell wrote to Gibbon in 1787: “I had rather risk my fortune with a few such Authors as Mr Gibbon, Dr Robertson, D Hume … than be the publisher of a hundred insipid publications”. He also published works by the jurist William Blackstone, the philosopher David Hume, the author and critic Samuel Johnson, the philosopher and economist Adam Smith, the novelist Tobias Smollett, the novelist Frances Burney, the historian Catharine Macaulay, and the moralist Hannah More. He also published the novels of Charlotte Turner Smith until her works became too radical, refusing to publish "Desmond" in 1792.
Cadell had a strong relationship with Johnson. Cadell was part of the group of booksellers who convinced the famous critic to write "Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets" (1779–81). He also published Johnson’s political tracts of the 1770s and, together with Strahan, his "A Journey to the Western Islands of Scotland" (1775). After Johnson died, Cadell published Hester Thrale Piozzi's "Letters" and "Anecdotes" about Johnson.
Cadell was well liked by other booksellers and he helped establish the booksellers’ dining club which met each month at the Shakespeare tavern in Wych Street. Together, they prosecuted infringements on their copyrights from Scottish and Irish printers.
In January 1786, Cadell’s wife died. The couple had two children. His daughter married Dr. Charles Lucas Eldridge, chaplain to George III. His son, Thomas Cadell the younger, took over the family business when his father retired in 1793.
After his retirement, Cadell served on the boards of several philanthropic institutions, such as the Foundling Hospital. In March 1798, he was elected alderman of Walbrook and served as sheriff from 1800 to 1801. He was also master of the Stationers’ Company from 1798 to 1799 and stock-keeper in 1800.
Cadell died at his home on 27 December 1802 from an asthma attack.
Bibliography.
Dille, Catherine. “Thomas Cadell, the elder (1742-1802)”. "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography". Oxford University Press. January 2008. Retrieved 16 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21559033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559033" title="Wade Dump">
Wade Dump

Wade Dump is a once-polluted Superfund cleanup site in Chester, Pennsylvania. Located on the western bank of the Delaware River under the Commodore Barry Bridge, the three-acre site once served as a rubber recycling facility and an illegal industrial waste storage and disposal facility.
The site was cleaned up in several stages, then removed from the National Priorities List in 1989. In 2004, it was turned into a parking lot for the city's Barry Bridge Park with EPA and state approval.
Contamination.
From about 1950 to the early 1970s, the site hosted Eastern Rubber Reclaiming, a rubber recycling facility. The site later became an illegal industrial waste storage and disposal facility, and operated until 1978. Workers stored drums on site, or dumped their contents onto the ground or into various trenches, severely contaminating soil and ground water. Some of the wastes included polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), acids, cyanide salts, and other toxic chemicals.
In 1978, an intense fire at the site destroyed one building and damaged to two others where drums of waste were stored. Local hospitals treated 47 firefighters for injuries sustained during the fire. 
At the time, an estimated 3,000,000 gallons of waste chemicals were stored in and around the buildings. About 150,000 gallons of waste materials remained on site after the fire, along with burned building debris, exploded drums, tires, shredded rubber, and contaminated earth.
The dumping and the fire contaminated groundwater and soil with PCBs; plastic resins; volatile organic compounds (VOCs); and heavy metals, including arsenic, chromium, mercury, and lead. The toxins threatened area residents and workers, surrounding wetlands, wildlife, and marine animals.
Cleanup.
In late 1981 and early 1982, the EPA conducted two emergency cleanups in which workers removed an estimated 5,000 gallons of PCB-contaminated waste, 10,000 gallons of other hazardous wastes for incineration and 155 tons of contaminated solids.
In 1984, a long-term cleanup plan was developed for the site cleanup which was to be managed by PA DER. The work took place in 1987. Tires, tankers, debris piles, and buildings were removed, decontaminated, and disposed of. Contaminated soil was removed to depths with acceptable levels of contamination or to the level of the water table. The site was leveled, filled, and graded, then covered with topsoil and seeded to minimize erosion. EPA, in conjunction with the state, deleted the site from the National Priorities List in 1989.
In 2004, with EPA and state approval, the site was given drainpipes to clear stormwater and paved with asphalt to create a parking lot for the city's Barry Bridge Park.
In 1993 and 1999, five-year reviews concluded that the site is not a danger to human health or the environment. A third five-year review in 2004 concluded that the paving and drainage better protected human health and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="21559048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559048" title="Mihama Station">
Mihama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559074" title="Kiyama Station (Fukui)">
Kiyama Station (Fukui)


</doc>
<doc id="21559090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559090" title="Mikata Station">
Mikata Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559095" title="Winter (Marsden novel)">
Winter (Marsden novel)

Winter is a 2000 young adult novel by John Marsden. Winter, the protagonist of the story, returns to the family estate she left at four when her parents died. She finds that everything is not as it seems when she visits her parents' graves, and she is determined out the answers.
Plot summary.
For twelve years since the age of 4 Winter has been haunted. Her past, her memories, her feelings, will not leave her alone. And now, at sixteen, the time has come for her to act. Every journey begins with a single step. If Winter is going to step into the future, she must first step into the past. Winter returns to her family estate of Warriewood, neglected since the death of her parents when she was four years old; she will stop at nothing to uncover the mystery behind their deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="21559105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559105" title="Lynda Resnick">
Lynda Resnick

Lynda Rae Resnick (born 1944) is an American entrepreneur and businesswoman. Resnick is married to Stewart Resnick, who is also her business partner. Through the holding company Roll Global, they own the POM Wonderful and FIJI Water brands, the Teleflora floral wire service company, large industrial citrus and nut farms, and other businesses.
Early life.
Resnick was born Lynda Rae Harris in 1944 to an affluent Jewish family in Baltimore, Maryland, but raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her father, Jack Harris, worked as a film distributor during the 1950s. He made one movie, "The Blob", which later became a cult favorite. Her mother, Muriel (née Goodman), was an interior designer. Because of her father's occupation, Resnick, at the age of four, had a recurring role on "The Horn & Hardart Children's Hour" broadcast from WCAU-TV in Philadelphia. Resnick graduated from Harriton High School. After a brief stint at a local college, Resnick took a job at the in-house ad agency for Sunset House catalog. Resnick founded an advertising agency, Lynda Limited, at the age of 19.
Ellsberg Papers.
Resnick, then Lynda Sinay, began doing occasional work for the antiwar movement during the Vietnam war era. Her friend, Daniel Ellsberg, asked to use her copy machine on nights and weekends in order to distribute top-secret military documents. Ellsberg gave these documents to "The New York Times", which then published them. Dubbed the Pentagon Papers, they detailed aspects of the war hidden from the public and damaged the credibility of the Presidents involved. Resnick was designated an un-indicted co-conspirator for her role and pursued by prosecutors for two years. Legal actions were eventually dropped.
Career and Companies.
Lynda Resnick has been involved in many companies, as detailed below. Roll International is a Holding Company which the Resnicks use to facilitate their various business ventures. Notable brands controlled by the Resnicks include POM Wonderful and FIJI Water. They also operate large industrial citrus and nut farms in California. The Resnicks met while he was President of American Protection Industries, Los Angeles, California, and she was pitching her ad agency to get his business.
Teleflora.
Stewart and Lynda Resnick purchased Teleflora in 1979, at which time Lynda left her advertising job to become the company's Executive Vice President of Marketing and eventually president. She introduced "Flowers in a Gift" in 1982, a marketing idea that saw the flowers delivered in a keepsake container which won her a marketing communications award (a gold Effie). Resnick became Teleflora's Chairman in 1986. Still with Teleflora as of 2009, she has been involved with securing flagship TV sponsorship roles. A campaign associated with a recent Mother's Day special on NBC resulted in another Effie win associated with the company. January 2009 saw her company's first Super Bowl advertisement, which was voted one of the best Super Bowl ads by several newspapers, blogs and online fan sites.
Franklin Mint.
The Resnicks purchased The Franklin Mint in 1984; Lynda Resnick began directing the company's international marketing efforts, a position she held until 2000. She influenced a new business plan of providing products that delivered "emotional satisfaction", such as the high-end collectible doll business. According to the book "Encyclopedia of American Women in Business" the first run of a Scarlett O'Hara (Gone with the Wind)-inspired doll generated $35 million in sales. Also during her tenure, licensing was arranged for products related to the Louvre art museum in Paris, the Vatican, board games like Monopoly and Scrabble, classic cars, and famous people like John Wayne, Elvis Presley, and Marilyn Monroe. Franklin Mint began having some problems in 1997, when Tiger Woods sued the company after it produced a commemorative medal of his win in the 1997 Masters tournament. Franklin Mint paid Woods an undisclosed amount of money to settle the case. In May 1998, the estate of Princess Diana filed a lawsuit to keep Franklin Mint from profiting from the sale of commemorative Princess Di merchandise. The Resnicks sold Franklin Mint in 2006.
POM Wonderful.
According to her memoir, she acquired a pistachio orchard that also contained some Wonderful variety pomegranate trees in California's San Joaquin Valley. In 1996, intrigued by folklore, she began to sponsor medical research regarding the pomegranate's health effects. By 2000 there was research published with findings regarding effects of regular pomegranate consumption. Resnick designed the POM Wonderful logo, and her design team developed an hourglass-shape bottle, the company later expanding into other liquid products and pills.
Fiji Water.
The Resnicks acquired the FIJI Water business in 2004, after which Lynda supervised marketing that focused on promoting the uniqueness and exotic nature of the water. According to Resnick's book, sales of Fiji Water soon increased by 300% by 2008 becoming the largest imported bottled water brand in the US. In response to bad publicity regarding the FIJI brand and bottled water in general Resnick introduced a promotional campaign touting an environmental policy and plans for a reduced carbon footprint through a series of press releases. Fiji Water laid off 40% of its staff in December 2008 due to weakening sales.
Philanthropy.
Resnick is Vice Chairman of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art's Board of Trustees, as well as the Chair of the Acquisitions Committee and the Executive Committee. She is also a trustee of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. In September 2008, she and her husband announced a $45 million gift to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art for the construction of a new exhibition pavilion as well as $10 million in artworks.
She is on the Executive Board of the UCLA Medical Sciences; the Prostate Cancer Foundation and the Milken Family Foundation. In 2005 a UCLA operated Neuropsychiatric Hospital was named for Resnick and her husband in honor of their involvement. They made a $4 million donation to Children's Hospital Central California in 2006.
She is on the Board of Trustees and Chair of the Marketing and Communications Committee at the Aspen Institute. In 2009 they announced the opening of a pre-school billed as one of the first to be environmentally friendly in the United States. The same year they also announced plans to bring charter school, Paramount Bard Academy, to the Central Valley. At Caltech's 2009 graduation ceremonies, it was announced that the Resnicks had donated $20 million towards a "sustainability center" to be named after themselves.
Personal life.
Resnick has been married twice. Her first marriage to publisher Hershel Sinay ended in divorce in 1969. They had two children: Jason Sinay and Jonathan Sinay. Resnick is presently married to Stewart Resnick, who is also her business partner. The couple lives in Beverly Hills and have a home in Aspen, Colorado.
Personal Memoir.
In 2009, Resnick, with Francis Wilkinson, co-authored a book, "Rubies in the Orchard: How to Uncover the Hidden Gems in Your Business" which details her life by explaining marketing ideas and business philosophy she used to build successful brands. In a U.S. News & World Report article Resnick explained that her book promotes a concept she labels Transparency: "Transparency, is very new...you have to be a good citizen of the planet. You have to give back."

</doc>
<doc id="21559117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559117" title="Fujii Station">
Fujii Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559124" title="Patrick Maguire">
Patrick Maguire

Patrick J. Maguire (died 4 July 1970) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A medical doctor, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Monaghan constituency at the 1948 general election, and was re-elected at the 1951 general election. He did not contest the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21559142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559142" title="West Indian cricket team in England in 2009">
West Indian cricket team in England in 2009

The West Indies cricket team toured England for a two-match Test series and a three-match ODI series from 6 to 26 May 2009. They toured in place of Zimbabwe.
At the start of the summer, the English players at a meeting identified this West Indian visit as pivotal to their momentum-making efforts for the Ashes later that season.
Test matches.
1st Test.
Day 1: Ravi Bopara made his second century (at 207 balls), and England closed the day with 289/7. Fidel Edwards took 4 wickets for 53 runs.<br>
Day 2: England closed the first innings with 377 runs. West Indies only scored 152 runs in their innings, and Strauss enforced the follow on. West Indies closed the day with 39/2. Graham Onions, on his Test debut, took 5 wickets for 38 runs.<br>
Day 3 The West Indies finally ended their second innings with a lead of 31 runs. England quickly reached this target, and won the first Test in a series for the first time in 15 attempts. This was also the first win at Lord's since 2005. Chanderpaul ended the match with only 4 runs and a duck, his lowest match total in his career.
2nd Test.
Day 1: England won the toss and elected bat. Bopara and Cook scored centuries (108 & 126* respectly). Bopara scored his third consecutive century (all vs West Indies); he is the first Englishman since Graham Gooch in 1990 to achieve this feat. England closed the day on 302 for 2.<br>
Day 2: There was no play on the second day because of rain.<br>
Day 3: Alastair Cook closed his innings with 160 runs, his highest test score, and led to England to 569 for 6, before the declaration by Strauss. West Indies closed the day on 94 for 3, Anderson took 3 wickets for 28 runs.<br>
Day 4: After tea, West Indies ended their second innings with 310 runs and Strauss enforced the follow-on, for the second time in the series. In 22 overs, West Indies scored 115 runs for 3 wickets.<br>
Day 5: After showers limited play at the beginning of the day, England bowled the West Indies out for 176 by the third over after lunch. Paul Collingwood replaced the injured Matt Prior as wicketkeeper, and Anderson took 4 wickets while conceding just 18 runs.
ODI series.
1st ODI.
The first ODI was abandoned at 15:00, after torrential morning rain left the newly relaid outfield saturated.
2nd ODI.
England won the toss and chose to field, bowling strongly and defensively, with Stuart Broad taking four for 46 and Paul Collingwood three for 16 from six overs. Graeme Swann, the England off-spinner, described as "exceptional" the efforts of his seam-bowling counterparts. Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Dwayne Bravo made the best partnership of the West Indian innings with 63 runs for the fourth wicket. Collingwood was unbeaten on 47 in England's innings, as they won the game with 14 overs to spare. The West Indian captain Chris Gayle played his 200th ODI. Eoin Morgan played his first match with England, he previously played 23 One Day Internationals with Ireland.
3rd ODI.
The Englishmen were delighted to bat first, keen as they were to put themselves to the test in the total-setting stakes, and passed with something like aplomb. Swann was especially impressed with and pleased for Matt Prior, whose 87 he dubbed "brilliant". Prior had previously been picked apart for his persistent failure to convert starts into substantial scores. Swann also drew attention to the fact that this constituted England's second successive win without both Kevin Pietersen and Andrew Flintoff, and opined that the team was beginning to look "formidable", having amply fulfilled its goals for the series. "D-day is now looming," he wrote in reference to the Ashes. "I can't wait!"

</doc>
<doc id="21559144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559144" title="Tomura Station">
Tomura Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559146" title="Ocean Pie">
Ocean Pie

"Ocean Pie" is the fourth single release from britpop band Shed Seven's debut album, "Change Giver". The single was released in October 1994 and peaked at number 33 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21559150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559150" title="Matt Tees">
Matt Tees

Matt Tees (born 13 October 1939) is a Scottish former football player.
Originally a machinist at a carpet factory, he was discovered while playing for local leagues in Scotland with Cambuslang Rangers. After a spell with Airdrie, he played for Grimsby Town (two spells), Charlton Athletic and Luton Town before ending his career with Boston United in the Northern Premier League.
Career.
After beginning his career in the local leagues in Scotland with Cambuslang Rangers before joining professional football with Airdrie. He then joined Grimsby Town, Charlton Athletic, Luton Town and back to Grimsby Town, during his second spell at Grimsby, Tees was part of the 1971–72 team that won the Division Four title.

</doc>
<doc id="21559173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559173" title="Jeremy Suter">
Jeremy Suter

Jeremy Suter (born in London) is an English organist and choral director. He was a chorister under Sir William McKie at Westminster Abbey. He attended Harrow and later spent two years at the Royal College of Music before going to Oxford as Organ Scholar of Magdalen College under Bernard Rose. Following a year at the University of Pennsylvania, Jeremy was invited to return to Magdalen College, Oxford, in order to direct the Chapel Choir whilst Bernard Rose took a sabbatical.In 1975 he was appointed Organist of the Civic Church of All Saints', Northampton and Director of Music at All Saints' Middle School. Between 1981 and 1991 he was Assistant Organist at Chichester Cathedral and Director of Music at the Prebendal School. He featured on many broadcasts and recordings made by the Choir of Chichester Cathedral.
Since taking up his appointment in 1991 as Master of the Music at Carlisle Cathedral Jeremy has been enhancing the reputation of the Cathedral Choir. Jeremy has been appointed Director of Music of Abbey Singers from January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21559175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559175" title="Ōtoba Station (Fukui)">
Ōtoba Station (Fukui)


</doc>
<doc id="21559188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559188" title="Wakasa-Arita Station">
Wakasa-Arita Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559191" title="All Saints Notting Hill">
All Saints Notting Hill

All Saints Notting Hill is a Victorian Anglican church in Talbot Road, Notting Hill, London. It is a Grade II* listed building, built of stone with polychrome decoration in the Victorian gothic style. The west tower has five stages with the stump of a spire, and the sanctuary features paintings by Henry Holiday. The church was badly damaged by enemy action during World War II but was fully restored by 1951.
History.
Construction on All Saints church was originally begun in the mid-19th century by the Reverend Dr Samuel Walker, following designs by architect William White, working with Sir George Gilbert Scott. The church was to be the centerpiece of the development now known as Colville and Powis Squares. Walker was deeply religious and his vision was for a free and open church for the newly built neighbourhood. He experienced financial difficulties and was eventually declared bankrupt. The building was left unfinished for several years, lacking a spire, and remaining unfurnished, during which time it became known as All-Sinners-in-the-Mud. It was eventually completed in 1861, by The Rev. John Light of Trinity College Dublin, at a cost of £25,000. The spire envisioned in White's original designs was never completed.
The tower is 100 feet high and is said to resemble the medieval Belfry of Bruges, Belgium.
Walter Passmore (1867–1946), the singer and actor best known for his comic baritone roles in Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, was a choirboy at All Saints.
World War II and The Blitz.
The church suffered from severe bomb damage in World War II during The Blitz, along with neighbouring buildings such as Pinehurst Court, at 1-9 Colville Gardens. The first bombs fell on September 26, 1940, and the church was hit again in March and June 1944. The Lady chapel and the south transept chapel were destroyed. Restoration work was eventually completed in 1951.
From 1931-1961, the vicar was the flamboyant Fr John Twisaday, who established a tradition of "high church" worship at All Saints, which to some extent continues to this day.
Clergy.
The present vicar is Fr John Brownsell, inducted in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21559202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559202" title="Kaminaka Station">
Kaminaka Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559211" title="Ravanne">
Ravanne

The ravanne is a large tambourine-like instrument used in sega music of Mauritius. It is made out of goat skin and before playing, it needs to be heated up. 

</doc>
<doc id="21559214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559214" title="Shin-Hirano Station">
Shin-Hirano Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559220" title="Sonnanja neyo">
Sonnanja neyo

Manga.
Shogakukan published the manga in 9 "bound volumes", released between March 26, 2003 and June 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21559224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559224" title="Patrick O'Gorman">
Patrick O'Gorman

Patrick James O'Gorman was an Irish Fine Gael politician. A shopkeeper, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork East constituency at the 1948 general election, and was re-elected at the 1951 general election. He lost his seat at the 1954 general election but was subsequently nominated by the Taoiseach to the 8th Seanad. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1957 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21559229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559229" title="Jub Jub Phool Khile">
Jub Jub Phool Khile

Jub Jub Phool Khiley was a Pakistani film released in the Urdu Language on 21 November 1975. It had an outstanding cast consisting of the three greatest actors alive in the film industry at the time, Waheed Murad, Mohammad Ali and Nadeem. The film went on to be a big hit in the cinemas all over Pakistan and completed 50 weeks on the big screen and became a golden jubilee film.
Plot.
In a house like any other, live a lawyer, his wife their 3 sons, Naeem, Saleem and Nadeem and their nanny Surayya. During his life the lawyer has made many enemies,the convicts he has put in jail. On a stormy night one of those convicts, now a free man, arrives at his doorstep to seek revenge. Although the lawyer does not fear his imminent death, the convict, named Raja Daaku says he will kill off the lawyers whole family. The lawyer's wife tries to save her husband but gets shot in the process and her husband meets the same fate. The three boys are separated in the confusion. Surayya runs in desperation with the only child she can save, Nadeem, and the other two boys run off by themselves. Naeem manages to catch a train but Saleem is not quick enough and is left behind.
Years later all three boys have grown up and met completely different fates, unaware of each other's whereabouts.
Naeem(Mohammad Ali) has been adopted by a wealthy land owner and has become a lawyer and also handles his adoptive father's business. He marries his childhood sweetheart Naila.
Saleem (Waheed Murad) was caught by Raja Daaku and brought up as big smuggler thief. He take revenge with Raja Daaku and Kill Him.
Waheed Murad perform best role in the movie in the presence of Mohammad Ali and Nadeem. He was nominated last time for the Nigar Award. But once again Nadeem was awarded Best actor award for the movie Anari for the year. 

</doc>
<doc id="21559236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559236" title="George Longley">
George Longley

George Longley (April 1787 – 1842) was an English-born businessman, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Grenville in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1829 to 1830 as a Reformer. His surname also appears as Langley.
He was the son of William Langley and Sarah Scott and came to Lower Canada around 1812. On his arrival, Longley entered the timber trade. In 1815, he was appointed by the province a master culler and measurer of timber. Around 1823, he formed his own company in partnership with Joseph Dyke. The partners exported timber and were also shipbuilders. He purchased farm land in Augusta Township in 1822. In 1824, Longley married Ruth Wells. He settled in Maitland in 1826 and retired from his partnership with Dyke later that year. Longley also became the primary owner of a grist mill, producing flour for export. He opened a shop in Maitland and also served as postmaster. He raised livestock on his farm. He became the first president of the Grenville County Agricultural Society. Longley was unsuccessful when he ran for reelection in 1830. That same year, he was named a commissioner for the canals on the Saint Lawrence River. Longley also served as a justice of the peace. He died at sea while travelling from Quebec to London and was buried in the parish of Milton-next-Gravesend in August 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="21559238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559238" title="Hiraç Yagan">
Hiraç Yagan

Hiraç Yagan (, born on 3 January 1989 in Liège), is an Armenian football midfielder.
Club career.
Standard Liège.
Yagan began his career with Lierse S.K. and was scouted from Standard Liège in July 2006.
He scored on his debut for Standard Liège against Tubize on 14 February 2009. In January 2010, he was loaned out to Tubize until July 2010.
International career.
Armenia U-21.
Though born in Belgium, Yagan chose to represent his country of descent and was called up for Armenia U-21 on 17 April 2009, just three days later played his first international match here.
He scored his first goal on his second game against Switzerland U-21 on 4 September 2009.
Armenia national team.
He made his debut for Armenia against Moldova on 12 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21559243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559243" title="Seihama Station">
Seihama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559253" title="Kato Station">
Kato Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559254" title="List of members of the National Academy of Engineering">
List of members of the National Academy of Engineering

This is a full list as of Feb 2012 of the 2251 current members of the United States National Academy of Engineering, each of whom is affiliated with one of 12 disciplinary sections. This list does not include deceased members. In addition there are 206 foreign associates.

</doc>
<doc id="21559255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559255" title="Strømsveien tram fire">
Strømsveien tram fire

The Strømsveien tram fire was a fire erupting in an Oslo Tramway car in the street Strømsveien in Oslo, Norway.
On 2 August 1958, a set of two cars of the Gullfisk type was traveling the Lilleaker–Østensjø Line, en route from Bøler to Jar. This connection was opened in 1937, and the Gullfisk cars introduced in 1939. A fire erupted in the front of the latter car, car 198, due to a technical malfunction. The exit door, being operated by the tram driver who was seated in the other car, remained closed for a few, critical seconds as passengers were struck by panic. The disaster claimed the lives of five people; seventeen were injured. Following the disaster, fire extinguishers, better emergency exits and emergency door openers became mandatory in all public transport.

</doc>
<doc id="21559259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559259" title="2004 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering">
2004 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering

The 2004 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering was the second World Championship of Ski Mountaineering sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC), held in the Spanish Aran Valley from March 1 to March 6, 2004.
Compared to the 2002 World Championship a relay race and a vertical race competition was added.
Results.
Vertical race.
event held on March 2, 2004
altitude difference (ascent): 950m
List of the best 10 participants by gender (incl. "Espoirs" level):
Team.
Event held on March 3, 2004
altitude difference: 
List of the best 10 teams by gender:
Individual.
Event held on March 5, 2004
List of the best 10 participants by gender (incl. "Espoirs" level):
Relay.
Event held on March 6, 2004
List of the best 10 relay teams by gender (some teams included "Espoirs" level athletes):
Combination ranking.
List of the best 10 participants by gender:

</doc>
<doc id="21559260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559260" title="Klenik, Pivka">
Klenik, Pivka

Klenik () is a village east of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Leonard and belongs to the Parish of Trnje.

</doc>
<doc id="21559262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559262" title="Wakasa-Hongō Station">
Wakasa-Hongō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559268" title="Wakasa-Wada Station">
Wakasa-Wada Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559292" title="Mala Pristava, Pivka">
Mala Pristava, Pivka

Mala Pristava is a village southwest of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Our Lady of Lourdes and belongs to the Parish of Šmihel.

</doc>
<doc id="21559295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559295" title="Patrick Cawley">
Patrick Cawley

Patrick Cawley (26 December 1904 – 18 December 1968) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected on his sixth attempt, to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway South constituency at the 1951 general election. He lost his seat at the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21559297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559297" title="Wakasa-Takahama Station">
Wakasa-Takahama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559305" title="EMPG">
EMPG

Education Media and Publishing Group, more commonly known as EMPG, is a holding company registered in the Cayman Islands with no operating subsidiaries. It also has a minority interest in an affiliate that focuses on markets outside the USA called EMPGI. In January 2009 the two big credit rating services, Moody's Investor Services and Standard & Poor's, reduced the rating of EMPG and warned that default on its debt was increasingly likely. On 10 April 2009 Moody's downgraded Houghton Mifflin Harcourt down to Caa3 from Caa1. In August 2009, EMPG announced that it had substantially reduced its debt, relaxed covenants and received incremental working capital facilities. Prior to March 2010, EMPG owned the legacy Riverdeep and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt businesses, which it acquired in 2006 and 2007, respectively.
Riverdeep's acquisition of Houghton Mifflin.
On 22 December 2006, it was announced that Riverdeep PLC had completed its acquisition of Houghton Mifflin. The new joint enterprise would be called the Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep Group plc, a company based in Ireland. Riverdeep paid $1.75 billion in cash for the equity owned the private investment firms Thomas H. Lee Partners, Bain Capital and The Blackstone Group and assumed $1.61 billion in debt. Tony Lucki, a former non-executive director of Riverdeep, remained in his position as Houghton Mifflin's chief executive officer.
The merger with Harcourt.
On 16 July 2007 Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep announced that it signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Harcourt Education, Harcourt Trade and Greenwood-Heinemann divisions of Reed Elsevier for $4 billion. The expanded company would become Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. The holding company structure of Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep plc was re-organised with a new holding company based in the Cayman Islands. This company was called Education Media and Publishing Group, EMPG for short.
At the time of the formation of HMH Lucki said "Together, we will be better positioned to meet the changing needs of educators and students in a wider range of subjects, states and school districts".
On 27 November 2008, President Jeremy Dickens told the New York Times that the company had $7bn of debt, which cost the company $500m per annum to service. The money to fund the 2006 Houghton Mifflin and 2007 Reed Elsevier acquisitions was borrowed, and in retrospect Education Media and Publishing Group (Riverdeep) probably overpaid for both companies.
In May 2008, Cengage Learning (formerly Thomson Learning) acquired the assets of the Houghton Mifflin College Division for $750 million.
The combined business was led by Tony Lucki, who had more than thirty years of publishing experience, until his replacement in April 2009 by Barry O'Callaghan.
Financial Reorganization.
Downgrades in January 2009.
In January 2009 the two big credit rating services, Moody's Investor Services and Standard & Poor's, reduced the rating of EMPG and warned that default on its debt was increasingly likely. On 10 April 2009 Moody's downgraded Houghton Mifflin Harcourt down to Caa3 from Caa1.
In January 2009, Reed Elsevier dropped its valuation of their 11.8% stake in EMPG to just €15m. This values the group at around 5% of its original claimed worth, leaving Chairman Barry O'Callaghan with few options now that S&P rates the group CCC.
Restructuring in August 2009.
On 27 July 2009, the Irish Independent newspaper reported that was in the process of a re-structuring negotiations with its unsecured-debt holders that would lead to the conversion of the debt into equity. The news story reported that the unsecured debt holders would receive a 45% equity stake. Dubai's royal family to buy up stake in EMPG. The article estimates that post deal, EMPG would cut its debt from $7.3bn to $6.1bn. On 15 August 2009, the Financial Times newspaper reported in an interview with Houghton Mifflin Harcourt's CEO, Barry O'Callaghan, that the refinancing had received approval of more than 90% of lenders. The terms included the holding company debt converting into 45% of the fully diluted common equity, an effective 25 per cent relaxation of financial covenants, second lien lenders agreeing to convert their holdings into a PIK instrument, reducing annual interest costs by $100m, and a further $50m increase its working capital facility. Following the announcement of the debt restructuring, the President of EMPG, Jeremy Dickens, previously a lawyer at Weil, Gotshal & Manges, stepped down as President of EMPG.
On 12 September 2009, the Irish Independent newspaper reported that a circular was posted to shareholders of EMPG with details of the restructuring, including an update on financial performance and a new management incentive plan. In the article it stated that EMPG's earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) rose 18pc in 2008 to $750m. Although the article indicated that the outlook for 2009 is uncertain, it highlights that Houghton Mifflin Harcourt has won a 52% market share in all new adoptions in the first half of 2009.
Rumored Shareholder Wipe-out.
On 13 January 2010, Irish politician, George Lee, the opposition party, Fine Gael's TD for Dublin South, told journalists that EMPG has failed with equity investors likely to be wipe-out and the Irish taxpayer was exposed since the nationalised bank, Anglo Irish Bank has lent money to the shareholders of EMPG.
Commented Lee
EMPG confirmed that it was in advanced negotiations with its lenders about a comprehensive restructuring, that could see a 70% reduction in the current debt levels that would lead to Paulson & Co., a hedge fund, becoming the largest shareholder. According to the Financial Times, second lien investors had not yet approved the plan which would see half of the $5bn of first-lien debt convert into circa 90% of the equity of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, with the remaining equity for the $2bn second lien investors and the old EMPG shareholders. The Financial Times story indicated that Houghton Mifflin Harcourt was considering a pre-packaged bankruptcy if the negotiations with lenders were not approved.
According to the Irish Times, investors of Davy Stockbrokers had $475m of equity in EMPG. In contrast to the statement of George Lee that Irish taxpayers were exposed, an Anglo Irish Bank spokesperson was reported by the Irish Times to state that it did not have a “big exposure” to EMPG. However, the spokesperson did not comment on whether it has exposure to individuals that have exposure to EMPG.
Interviewed on Irish State broadcaster, RTE, Barry O'Callaghan, Chairman on EMPG and CEO of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, confirmed that Irish investors as well as he himself were facing huge losses. He stated that "no-one has lost more than me". According to the Irish Independent, Barry O'Callaghan is a large personal customer of Anglo Irish Bank. The article stated that Barry O'Callaghan may be forced to step down once the restructuring package was agreed. This contrasted with his interview with the Financial Times where he insisted that he would continue to run the business.
Recapitalization and Restructuring.
On 22 February 2010, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced that EMPG and HMH had reached an agreement to restructure the finances of the company and recapitalise its balance sheet with a substantial fresh cash investment by institutional investors.
The agreement, supported by 100% of HMH's creditors, closed on 9 March 2010. Highlights of the agreement included a reduction in the senior debt to $3 billion from the current $5 billion, with new equity issued to the senior debt holders (including Paulson & Co., Guggenheim Partners), conversion of the $2 billion mezzanine debt into equity and warrant, receipt of $650m of new cash from the sale of new equity. In addition to the key highlights, HMH formed a new $100m Innovation Fund to invest in the next generation of technology for the education industry.
According to the Irish Times the investments by the current equity holders of EMPG, including HMH's CEO, Barry O'Callaghan, private clients of Davy Stockbrokers, Reed Elsevier, Istithmar and others, would see their investment of over $3.5 billion written down to zero. Following the restructuring, the investors of EMPG retained a nominal investment in Houghton Mifflin Harcourt via warrants over 5% of the company if it exceeded the $10 billion valuation placed on the company at the time of the merger between Houghton Mifflin Riverdeep and Harcourt. In addition to the warrants in HMH, the EMPG shareholders continue to own a stake in the international investment vehicle, EMPGI which has stakes in China, the Middle East and elsewhere.
After the recapitalization, both the CEO, Barry O'Callaghan and the CFO, Michael Muldowney, remained in their roles. A new nine-member board was created with the CEO the only executive representative, one independent, two representative of Paulson & Co., and one director from each of Apollo Management, BlackRock, Guggenheim Partners, Fidelity Investments, and Avenue Capital.
On 10 March 2010, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt announced that it had completed its re-capitalization. In addition to a new investment of $650 million of equity, the debt levels of the company were reduced by approximately 60% and the annual interest payments by over 75%. According the Irish State Broadcaster, RTE, the old equity investors based in Ireland has lost all their investment. The Irish Independent reported that the old shareholders were denied a shareholders meeting to vote on discuss the restructuring. The former shareholders have been left with warrants over 5% of the company, in the case its value recovers to previous levels.
HMH's Competitors.
The now named Houghton Mifflin Harcourt alongside Pearson Education and McGraw-Hill Cos. Inc. are the leading publishers in the global education market.

</doc>
<doc id="21559311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559311" title="List of number-one singles of 2007 (Spain)">
List of number-one singles of 2007 (Spain)

This a list of the Spanish PROMUSICAE Top 20 Singles number-ones of 2007.
Las de la Intuición was the most successful song of the year followed by Nigga's "Te Quiero".

</doc>
<doc id="21559313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559313" title="Mitsumatsu Station (Fukui)">
Mitsumatsu Station (Fukui)


</doc>
<doc id="21559317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559317" title="Chotkowo">
Chotkowo

Chotkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Borzytuchom, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 219.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559324" title="Jean Pellissier">
Jean Pellissier


</doc>
<doc id="21559326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559326" title="Peadar Duignan">
Peadar Duignan

Peadar Duignan (26 July 1898 – 13 April 1955) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway West constituency at the 1951 general election. He did not contest the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21559330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559330" title="Arkansas Traveler (radio show)">
Arkansas Traveler (radio show)

Arkansas Traveler was a long-running bluegrass show on WDET 101.9 FM out of Detroit, Michigan, United States. Its host is Larry McDaniel, a passionate fan who has an encyclopedic knowledge of the genre. A transplant from Arkansas, McDaniel has been broadcasting bluegrass over the Detroit airwaves since 1977. "Arkansas Traveler" was one of the longest running bluegrass shows in the country and the only show of its kind in southeast Michigan.
"Bluegrass is our music," says McDaniel. "It's American. It's like blues or jazz. This music is about roots." (Press Release, Wayne State University, October 4, 2002).
In September 2004, WDET canceled the program when they experimented with several formatting changes. According to McDaniel, a consultant to the station expressed that although "Arkansas Traveler" had high Arbitron numbers, it caused "audience churn", meaning everyone would tune in for the show, and then turn it off again (source). However, after listener pledges dropped significantly through 2005, WDET hired new general manager Michael Coleman, who returned many of the canceled programs to the station. "Arkansas Traveler" went back on the air on December 17, 2005.
Almost exactly four years later, WDET again canceled the program, citing the program as a "fringe" and "specialty" program. Even though "The Arkansas Traveler" was at an all-time high for both ratings and fund-raising dollars, WDET leadership felt the show sounded too different from their other offerings and therefore had to be eliminated from the broadcast schedule. ([http://www.folkslikeus.org/wdet.htm])
On December 19, 2009, WDET "Arkansas Traveler" again aired its final show. ([http://www.freep.com/article/20091219/ENT07/912190336/1035/RSS04]) 
Larry McDaniel died during the early morning hours of January 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21559334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559334" title="Aonogō Station">
Aonogō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559347" title="International Early Psychosis Association">
International Early Psychosis Association

The International Early Psychosis Association (IEPA) is a professional body and international network for those with a professional interest in early psychosis intervention.
History.
The need for a professional network was proposed at a conference in Stratford-upon-Avon, England, in June 1997, and then the association was formed in 1998.
Aims.
The objectives of the IEPA, as listed on their website. They include enhancing the awareness of early psychosis and the process of recovery, providing a collaborative network for stakeholders, and contributing to the development of knowledge, research, and best practice for early psychosis.
Executive group and membership.
The IEPA is governed by a group of officers, elected by a members every four years. Membership of the associated is free, based on a web based application. There are over 3,000 members as of 2008.
Tasks.
Following the inaugural conference in Melbourne in 1996 ("Verging on Reality") international academic conferences have been held every two years in New York (2000), Copenhagen (2002), Vancouver (2004), Birmingham (2006) and Melbourne (2008). The association has awarded the Richard Wyatt Award to key contributors to the field of early psychosis since 2004. Professor Patrick McGorry, Professor Max Birchwood, and Dr Thomas McGlashan are the recipients for 2004, 2006 and 2008 respectively.
Peer reviewed journal.
The association has endorsed the "Early Intervention in Psychiatry" peer-reviewed journal. The inaugural issue was in February 2007. Professor Patrick McGorry is the Editor-in-Chief.

</doc>
<doc id="21559355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559355" title="U.S. Route 95 in Idaho">
U.S. Route 95 in Idaho

In the U.S. state of Idaho, U.S. Route 95 is a north–south highway near the western border of the state, stretching from Oregon to British Columbia for over . It was earlier known in the state as the North and South Highway.
Route description.
US 95 continues into Idaho from southeastern Oregon as an undivided two-lane highway for the majority of its length. As it is the state's primary north–south highway, Idaho is in the process of widening US 95 to an Interstate-style divided four-lane highway, from the Oregon state line in the southwest to Eastport at the northern border with Canada (Kingsgate, BC).
Oregon border to New Meadows.
US 95 departs Malheur County, Oregon, and enters Idaho in the high desert of Owyhee County, about southwest of Boise. It progresses north-northeast to just west of Marsing, where it meets with the southern terminus of State Highway 55. US 95 then turns briefly west, then north to Homedale, and crosses the Snake River before a junction with concurrent US 20 and US 26 as it passes through Parma. US 95 runs north concurrent with US 20 and US 26 for eight miles (13 km).
As it proceeds north near Idaho's western border, US 95 crosses Interstate 84 (exit 3) and US 30 before proceeding north through Payette and Weiser. It continues on to Midvale, Cambridge, and Council, then climbs into the Payette National Forest, passing the Tamarack sawmill site, and turns east to New Meadows. Here, US 95 joins with Highway 55, the two-lane undivided route that connects to Boise through McCall, Cascade and Horseshoe Bend. The elevation at the junction in New Meadows is above sea level.
Meadows Valley to Lewiston.
US 95 continues north through Meadows Valley north of the junction (roadcam), then descends with the Little Salmon River to Riggins, tree-sparse but surrounded by mile-high mountains (vertical drop). Immediately after Riggins, the highway crosses the main Salmon River and enters the Pacific Time Zone. US 95 northbound gradually descends with the widening river until White Bird, where it climbs in to the cut at the top of White Bird Hill, peaking at an elevation of (roadcam)
with an average gradient of over 7%. The steeper, straighter, and faster multi-lane grade was opened in June 1975, after ten challenging years of construction. The two-lane road of 1921 to the east was first paved in 1938; it left the Salmon River at White Bird Creek following it up through the town of White Bird, and then gradually climbed the grade in twice the distance, with multiple switchback curves. The arcs, if combined, would form 37 full 360° circles, an average of 950° per mile (590° per km). Following the completion of the new steel bridge over White Bird Creek, the new routing opened in June 1975, ending a decade of construction. The new Lewiston grade to the north was finished in just over two years.
North of the summit, US 95 descends in a steep but relatively short descent (roadcam)
to the Camas Prairie and Grangeville at . The highway then travels northwest towards Cottonwood, whose bypass was finished in 1976, then enters the Nez Perce Indian Reservation. New route construction in the early 1990s bypassed the main streets of Ferdinand and Craigmont. The new routing is now above, rather than in, the curvy Lawyers Creek Canyon between the cities, crossing the canyon on an elevated bridge (photo) constructed in 1991. US 95 winds its way westward across the high prairie, near the many timber railroad trestles of the Camas Prairie Railroad, to just east of Winchester. Here, at just under , the highway turns northward and descends over 3,000 vertical feet (900 m), mostly in the Lapwai Canyon (photos), passing Culdesac, Lapwai, and Spalding at .
Until 1960, US 95 was routed through Winchester and descended Culdesac Hill (), considered the worst of the three major grades (White Bird, Lewiston), all of which were extremely twisty. The new route through Lapwai Canyon was built in three years and reduced the distance by over four miles (6 km) and saved 25 minutes of driving time.
After Spalding, it then proceeds towards the bridge over the Clearwater River to join with US 12 and depart the reservation.
After crossing the river, US 95 joins with US 12 for seven miles (11 km) along its north bank, heading westward, adding lanes, and gradually descending toward Lewiston. The highways split at the northeast edge of Lewiston, as US 12 then briefly turns south to re-cross the river into Lewiston, and then heads west again to cross the Snake River into Clarkston, Washington.
Lewiston grade to Canada.
US 95 turns northeast, then westward to climb a steep grade, gaining over in , ascending to the southern edge of the rolling Palouse region. The multi-lane grade (averaging over 7%) was opened on October 28, 1977, after 27 months of construction and two decades of planning. It replaced the Lewiston Spiral Highway, a narrow and switchback-laden 1917 route to the west with 64 spiral curves and about twice the length; it is visible from a scenic overlook. Similar to the White Bird Hill grade, the descending southbound lanes on the new route have three "run-away truck ramps" to halt any vehicles that experience brake failure.
Just north of the Lewiston grade is a junction with US 195, which proceeds north in Washington to Pullman and Spokane. US 95 continues north in Idaho on the Palouse as a four-lane divided highway (roadcam), completed in October 2007 to Thorn Creek Road (), midway between Genesee and Moscow. It then reverts to a two-lane undivided roadway for several miles until Moscow, home of the University of Idaho. Scheduled to be completed first, the divided highway construction between Thorn Creek and Moscow was put on hold, due to new right-of-way and environmental impact concerns. In Moscow, US 95 is diverted a block to either side of Main Street onto multi-lane one-way arterials: northbound on Washington Street, southbound on Jackson Street. The original couplets of 1981 used existing streets and were later modified to eliminate sharp right angle turns which were difficult for large trucks to safely manage. The north end couplets were completed in the early 1990s, the south end in 2000.
North of Moscow, US 95 resumes as an undivided two-lane highway. As it leaves Latah County, it gradually departs the Palouse and enters the lake country region of the north Panhandle. As it enters Benewah County, US 95 enters the Coeur d'Alene Indian Reservation. US 95 intersects State Highway 5 in Plummer. US 95 becomes a four-lane divided highway as it leaves Worley and has an interchange with State Highway 58. This recently completed section bypasses the tribal casino. US 95 continues north as a divided highway until just south of the Spokane River, where US 95 enters Coeur d'Alene. 
US 95 becomes an arterial street and crosses over Interstate 90 Business (Northwest Boulevard) at an interchange. US 95 crosses Interstate 90 at exit 12 and becomes a divided highway north to Hayden, then as an undivided highway past State Highway 54 and Farragut State Park. After crossing the Sandpoint Long Bridge, US 95 enters Sandpoint and has a junction with US 2. US 2 and US 95 run concurrent for 35 miles (56 km), until a few miles after Bonners Ferry, where US 2 heads east into Montana and southeast to Libby, while US 95 continues north for to the Canadian border at Eastport. At the border, US 95 meets BC 95, which continues northeastward in British Columbia to Cranbrook.
History.
US 95 is one of the original routes in the AASHTO's 1926 plan.

</doc>
<doc id="21559357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559357" title="Deathfest">
Deathfest

The Deathfest is a one-day music festival currently held annually in May at the University of Leeds, England. It is organised by Gavin McInally, who is also the organiser of the Damnation Festival.
Deathfest 2009.
The first annual Deathfest took place on Sunday May 3, 2009 at the University of Leeds. It billed 17 bands over two stages and tickets cost £19.50. Festival headliners were Vader and Leng Tch'e.
Deathfest 2010 "The Second Coming".
The second annual Deathfest took place on Sunday May 2, 2010 at Leeds University. It billed 16 bands over two stages and tickets cost £19.50. Festival headliners were Brujeria and Ramesses.
The end.
Following the 2010 festival the organizers announced that 2010 would be the last installment for the festival. Due to poor ticket sales they could no longer afford to keep the festival going. However, its sister festival, Damnation, returned for its sixth installment later in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21559359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559359" title="Pursue mobility model">
Pursue mobility model

The pursue mobility model is a type of mobility model which is used in ad hoc wireless networks. It is also based on RPGM (reference point group model). The Pursue Mobility Model simulates scenarios where several nodes attempt to capture single mobile node ahead. This mobility model could be used in target tracking and law enforcement. The node being pursued (i.e., target node) moves freely according to the Random waypoint model. By directing the velocity towards the position of the targeted node, the pursuer nodes (i.e., seeker nodes) try to intercept the target node.
The Pursue Mobility Model consists of a single update equation for the new position of each Moving Node: new position = old position + acceleration(target—old position) + randomvector.
Example: Nodes chase after a single target that may or may not be moving. Here we have a collection of robots (nodes) trying to catch a single robot that acts as a target. This kind of behavior is found in multiple robotics activities (e.g.: people tracking and so on).

</doc>
<doc id="21559360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559360" title="Klęskowo">
Klęskowo

Klęskowo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="21559361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559361" title="Klęskowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Klęskowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Klęskowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559363" title="Kołczygłówki">
Kołczygłówki

Kołczygłówki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 309.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559365" title="Kołczygłowy">
Kołczygłowy

Kołczygłowy () is a village in Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kołczygłowy. It lies approximately north-west of Bytów and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
The rural church was the place of the marriage of Otto von Bismarck and Johanna von Puttkamer on 28 July 1847. For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 1,188.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559366" title="Laski, Bytów County">
Laski, Bytów County

Laski () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559370" title="Łobzowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łobzowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łobzowo (German "Seehof") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 109.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559371" title="Łubno, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łubno, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łubno (German "Lubben") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 186.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559374" title="D. B. M. Patnaik">
D. B. M. Patnaik

Donkada Bhuvan Mohan Patnaik (October 31, 1925 – February 11, 2009), also known as D. B. M. Patnaik or simply DBM, was an Indian lawyer, politician and communist leader. He was from Bhagimpeta in Srikakulam district.
Patnaik practiced law at the Gunupur district court where he met Nagbhushan Patnaik; both of them defended peasants in court cases. In 1967, the two of them became active in the Naxalite movement that lead to the formation of the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist).
Patnaik started his political career with the Communist Party of India and subsequently joined the CPI (M). Along with Nagbhushan Patnaik, he joined the revolutionary communists in the Srikakulam Girijan Naxalbari movement. He was an active leader of the movement and subsequently joined the CPI (ML) which was formed after the various Naxalite movements. He later joined the UCCRI(ML). He was active in various trade union movements and was also instrumental in the struggles of the people belonging to the lower economic strata of coastal Andhra Pradesh and Orissa.
D.B.M. Patnaik died on February 12, 2009 at the age of 84, after developing complications from surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="21559376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559376" title="Miłobądź, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Miłobądź, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Miłobądź () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559378" title="Nowa Jasionka">
Nowa Jasionka

Nowa Jasionka () is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559379" title="Nowe Łubno">
Nowe Łubno

Nowe Łubno () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559381" title="Podgórze, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Podgórze, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Podgórze () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 101.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559382" title="Maurie Annese">
Maurie Annese

Maurie Annese (Born July 1971, Adelaide) is an Australian actor and producer.
He most recently starred in and co-produced "I Can't Believe it's Not Countdown, it's a Musical Comedy", in collaboration with Brian Mannix and Crown Entertainment.
Recent television appearances include playing the character Sophos in Dead Gorgeous (2010), the Rush episode "Freedom" and as host in his own T.V show in 2004, "The National Karaoke Challenge" on SBS.
He has appeared in a number of films, most notably Bodymelt (1993), Love and Other Catastrophes(1996) and My Brother Jack(2001).

</doc>
<doc id="21559384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559384" title="Przyborze, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Przyborze, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Przyborze () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 18.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559387" title="Pustka, Bytów County">
Pustka, Bytów County

Pustka (German "Putsch") is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559390" title="Radusz, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Radusz, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Radusz (German "Reddies") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 239.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559391" title="Różki">
Różki

Różki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 1.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559393" title="Sierowo">
Sierowo

Sierowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559395" title="Świelubie, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świelubie, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świelubie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 26.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559402" title="2000 Deildabikar">
2000 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 2000 was the fifth staging of the Finnish League Cup. It featured 36 teams.
The competition started on 3 March 2000 and concluded on 4 September 2000 with Grindavík beating Valur 4-0 in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2000

</doc>
<doc id="21559409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559409" title="Matsunoodera Station">
Matsunoodera Station


</doc>
<doc id="21559415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559415" title="Narin, Pivka">
Narin, Pivka

Narin is a village south of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church, built northwest of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint James and belongs to the Parish of Šmihel.

</doc>
<doc id="21559420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559420" title="Narin">
Narin

Narin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21559444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559444" title="Sir Edward Astley, 4th Baronet">
Sir Edward Astley, 4th Baronet

Sir Edward Astley, 4th Baronet (26 December 1729 – 27 March 1802) was a British politician.
He was the oldest son of Sir Jacob Astley, 3rd Baronet and his second wife Lucy le Strange, youngest daughter of Sir Nicholas le Strange, 4th Baronet, and was baptised at Hindolveston in Norfolk three days after his birth. He was admitted to Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1747. In 1760, Astley succeeded his father as baronet.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Norfolk for 1763–64 and in 1768 stood successfully as Member of Parliament (MP) for Norfolk, the same constituency his great-grandfather Sir Jacob Astley, 1st Baronet had represented, too. Astley held this seat until the 1790 general election when he retired.
Astley married firstly Rhoda Delaval, oldest daughter of Francis Blake Delaval in 1751. Rhoda died in childbirth in 1757, bequeathing him Seaton Delaval Hall in Northumberland. Astley married secondly Anne Milles, youngest daughter of Christopher Milles, at St Margaret's Church, Westminster two years later. She died in 1792, and he married lastly Elizabeth Bullen at St Marylebone Parish Church in the following year. Astley had three sons and a daughter by his first wife and five sons and two daughters by his second wife. He died, aged 72 and was buried at Melton Constable, the Astley family having been resident there since 1236. Astley was succeeded in the baronetcy by his oldest son Sir Jacob Astley, 5th Baronet, who at this time sat also for Norfolk in the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="21559457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559457" title="Kodam V/Brawijaya">
Kodam V/Brawijaya

Kodam V/Brawijaya, is a military area command of the Indonesian Army, as the 5th (Roman numeral "V") Kodam, which oversees the entire East Java Province. It traces its history to the first formation of the East Java Division in 1948.
History.
Based on the Minister of Defense of the Republic of Indonesia decision numbered A/532/48, on 25 October 1948, three Divisions of East Java, which are 5th Division / Ronggolawe, 6th Division / Narotama and 7th Division / Suropati, formed into the Indonesian Army East Java Division. The Indonesian Army East Java Division was conducted in the Kuwak field, Kediri, by Colonel Abdul Haris Nasution.
On 17 December 1951, coinciding with the 3rd anniversary of East Java Division, 1st Division / Brawijaya is founded, as replacement of East Java Division. Brawijaya is a dynasty of the Majapahit Kingdom, that has been successfully integrated into the archipelago and made Majapahit into a powerful kingdom. The prefix "Bra-" or "Bhre-" in the name "Brawijaya" means "Great" and is a title of honor given to a young prince named Wijaya, a founder of Majapahit Kingdom.
Based on the Army Chief of Staff numbered 2/KS/Instr/52, dated 5 January 1952, 1st Division / Brawijaya was changed into 5th Territorial Army / Brawijaya (TT V/Brawijaya), based on the division of the Indonesian military territory into 7 Territorial Army.
Based on Army Chief of Staff decision numbered Kpts/952/10/1959, the 5th Territorial Army / Brawijaya was changed into Kodam VIII / Brawijaya based on the change in division of the Indonesian Military territory, from 7 Territorial Army groups to be 17 Kodam groups.
Based on Army Chief of Staff decision numbered Kep/4/1985, dated 12 January 1985, Kodam VIII / Brawijaya was changed into Kodam V / Brawijaya. This change is due to reorganization of the Indonesian Army, on the principles of "A Small Effective Unit" so that the 17 Kodam groups are rearranged back to 10 Kodam groups.
Territorial units.
The Territorial Units in Kodam V/Brawijaya include four Resort Military Commands (Korem):
Combat/combat-support units.
The following are the combat or combat-support units:
Training units.
The training units in Kodam V/Brawijaya are organized under the Kodam V/Brawijaya Main Regiment/Resimen Induk Kodam V/Brawijaya (Rindam V/Brawijaya); the units are:
Support units.
The other support units are:

</doc>
<doc id="21559471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559471" title="John Kilborn">
John Kilborn

John Kilborn (June 27, 1794 – after 1878) was a merchant, lumberman and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Leeds in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1828 to 1830 as a Reformer.
He was born in Elizabethtown Township, Upper Canada, the son of David Kilborn and Hannah White, and was educated near Brockville. In 1816, Kilborn married Elizabeth Baldwin. He lived in Brockville, later settling at Kilmarnock. Kilborn served in the militia during the War of 1812, later reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He was named a justice of the peace for the Johnstown District in 1833. In 1852, he was named postmaster at Brockville and served as associate judge of assize at Brockville from 1853 to 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="21559485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559485" title="Hellas quadrangle">
Hellas quadrangle

The Hellas quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Hellas quadrangle is also referred to as MC-28 (Mars Chart-28).
The Hellas quadrangle covers the area from 240° to 300° west longitude and 30° to 65° south latitude on the planet Mars. Within the Hellas quadrangle lies the classic features Hellas Planitia and Promethei Terra. Many interesting and mysterious features have been discovered in the Hellas quadrangle, including the giant river valleys Dao Vallis, Niger Vallis, Harmakhis, and Reull Vallis—all of which may have contributed water to a lake in the Hellas basin in the distant past. Many places in the Hellas quadrangle show signs of ice in the ground, especially places with glacier-like flow features.
Hellas Basin.
The Hellas quadrangle contains part of the Hellas Basin, the largest known impact crater on the surface of Mars and the second largest in the solar system. The depth of the crater is 7152 m (23,000 ft) below the standard topographic datum of Mars. The basin is located in the southern highlands of Mars and is thought to have been formed about 3.9 billion years ago, during the Late Heavy Bombardment. Studies suggest that when an impact created the Hellas Basin, the entire surface of Mars was heated hundreds of degrees, 70 meters of molted rock fell on the planet, and an atmosphere of gaseous rock was formed. This rock atmosphere was 10 times as thick as the Earth's atmosphere. In a few days, the rock would have condensed out and covered the whole planet with an additional 10 m of molten rock. In the Northwest portion of Hellas Planitia is a strange type of surface called complex banded terrain or taffy-pull terrain. Its process of formation is still largely unknown, although it appears to be due to erosion of hard and soft sediment along with ductile deformation. Ductile deformation results from layers undergoing strain.
Early in the planet's history, it is believed that a giant lake existed in the Hellas Basin. Possible shorelines have been discovered. Glacial features (terminal moraines, drumlins, and eskers) have been found that may have been formed when the water froze.
Lobate Debris Aprons.
One very important feature common in east Hellas are piles of material surrounding cliffs. The formation is called a Lobate Debris Apron (LDA's). Recently, research with the Shallow Radar on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has provided strong evidence that the LDA's are glaciers that are covered with a thin layer of rocks. Large amounts of water ice are believed to be in the LDA's. Available evidence strongly suggests that the eastern part of Hellas accumulated snow in the past. When the tilt (obliquity) of Mars increases the southern ice cap releases large amounts of water vapor. Climate models predict that when this occurs, water vapor condenses and falls where LDAs are located. The tilt of the earth changes little because our relatively large moon keeps it stable. The two tiny Martian moons do not stabilize their planet, so the rotational axis of Mars undergoes large variations. Lobate Debris Approns may be a major source of water for future Mars colonists. Their major advantage over other sources of Martian water are that they can easily mapped from orbit and they are closer to the equator where manned missions are more likely to land.
Lineated Floor Deposits.
On the floors of some channels are features called lineated floor deposits. They are ridged and grooved materials that seem to deflect around obstacles. They are believed to be ice-rich. Some glaciers on the Earth show such features. Lineated floor deposits may be related to lobate debris aprons, which have been proven to contain large amounts of ice. Reull Vallis, as pictured below, displays these deposits.
Ice-rich mantle.
Much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it displays a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. The image at the right shows a good view of this smooth mantle around Niger Vallis, as observed with HiRISE.
Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water returns to the ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor condenses on the particles, then they fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulates the remaining ice.
Climate change caused ice-rich features.
Many features on Mars, including ones in Hellas quadrangle, are believed to contain large amounts of ice. The most popular model for the origin of the ice is climate change from large changes in the tilt of the planet's rotational axis. At times the tilt has even been greater than 80 degrees Large changes in the tilt explains many ice-rich features on Mars.
Studies have shown that when the tilt of Mars reaches 45 degrees from its current 25 degrees, ice is no longer stable at the poles. Furthermore, at this high tilt, stores of solid carbon dioxide (dry ice) sublimate, thereby increasing the atmospheric pressure. This increased pressure allows more dust to be held in the atmosphere. Moisture in the atmosphere will fall as snow or as ice frozen onto dust grains. Calculations suggest this material will concentrate in the mid-latitudes. General circulation models of the Martian atmosphere predict accumulations of ice-rich dust in the same areas where ice-rich features are found. 
When the tilt begins to return to lower values, the ice sublimates (turns directly to a gas) and leaves behind a lag of dust. The lag deposit caps the underlying material so with each cycle of high tilt levels, some ice-rich mantle remains behind. Note, that the smooth surface mantle layer probably represents only relative recent material.
Origin of Dao Vallis.
Dao Vallis begins near a large volcano, called Hadriaca Patera, so it is thought to have received water when hot magma melted huge amounts of ice in the frozen ground. The partially circular depressions on the left side of the channel in the image to the right suggests that groundwater sapping also contributed water.
Dust devil tracks.
Many areas on Mars, including the Hellas quadrangle, experience the passage of giant dust devils. A thin coating of fine bright dust covers most of the martian surface. When a dust devil goes by it blows away the coating and exposes the underlying dark surface. Dust devils have been seen from the ground and from orbiting spacecraft. They have even blown the dust off of the solar panels of the two Rovers on Mars, thereby greatly extending their lives. The twin Rovers were designed to last for 3 months, instead they have lasted more than five years and are still going. The pattern of the tracks have been shown to change every few months. A study that combined data from the High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC) and the Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) found that some large dust devils on Mars have a diameter of 700 meters and last at least 26 minutes.
Evidence for possible recent liquid water.
The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter discovered changes on the wall of Penticton Crater between 1999 and 2004. One interpretation of the changes was that they were caused by water flowing on the surface. A further analysis, published about a year later, revealed that the deposit could have been caused by gravity moving material down slope (a landslide). The slope where the deposit was sighted was close to the stability limits of dry, unconsolidated materials.
Other Craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Sometimes craters will display layers. Craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="21559501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559501" title="Eridania quadrangle">
Eridania quadrangle

The Eridania quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Eridania quadrangle is also referred to as MC-29 (Mars Chart-29).
The Eridania quadrangle lies between 30° and 65° south latitude and 180° and 240° west longitude on the planet Mars. Most of the classic region named Terra Cimmeria is found within this quadrangle. Part of the Electris deposits, a 100–200 meters thick, light-toned deposit covers the Eridania quadrangle. Many slopes in Eridania contain gullies, which are believed to be caused by flowing water.
Martian Gullies.
The Eridania quadrangle is the location of gullies that may be due to recent flowing water. Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially on the walls of craters. Gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters. Moreover, they lie on top of sand dunes which themselves are considered to be quite young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Some studies have found that gullies occur on slopes that face all directions, others have found that the greater number of gullies are found on poleward facing slopes, especially from 30-44 S.
Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water coming from an aquifer, from melting at the base of old glaciers, or from the melting of ice in the ground when the climate was warmer. Because of the good possibility that liquid water was involved with their formation and that they could be very young, scientists are excited. Maybe the gullies are where we should go to find life.
There is evidence for all three theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in aquifers at the usual depths where gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layer that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. The aquifer layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). Because water in an aquifer is prevented from going down, the only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. Eventually, water could flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break—like a crater wall. The resulting flow of water could erode the wall to create gullies. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
As for the next theory, much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smooths the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. The mantle may be like a glacier and under certain conditions the ice that is mixed in the mantle could melt and flow down the slopes and make gullies. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is shown below in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
The ice-rich mantle may be the result of climate changes. Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods, water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor will condense on the particles, then fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When Mars is at its greatest tilt or obliquity, up to 2 cm of ice could be removed from the summer ice cap and deposited at midlatitudes. This movement of water could last for several thousand years and create a snow layer of up to around 10 meters thick. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulating the remaining ice. Measurements of altitudes and slopes of gullies support the idea that snowpacks or glaciers are associated with gullies. Steeper slopes have more shade which would preserve snow.
Higher elevations have far fewer gullies because ice would tend to sublimate more in the thin air of the higher altitude.
The third theory might be possible since climate changes may be enough to simply allow ice in the ground to melt and thus form the gullies. During a warmer climate, the first few meters of ground could thaw and produce a "debris flow" similar to those on the dry and cold Greenland east coast. Since the gullies occur on steep slopes only a small decrease of the shear strength of the soil particles is needed to begin the flow. Small amounts of liquid water from melted ground ice could be enough. Calculations show that a third of a mm of runoff can be produced each day for 50 days of each Martian year, even under current conditions.
Surface.
Some surfaces in Eridania are covered with a mantling unit that is believed to be water ice-rich. In some places the surface displays a pitted or dissected texture; these textures are suggestive of material that once held ice that has since disappeared allowing the remaining soil to collapse into the subsurface.
Dust devil tracks.
Many areas on Mars, including Eridania, experience the passage of giant dust devils. A thin coating of fine bright dust covers most of the Martian surface. When a dust devil goes by it blows away the coating and exposes the underlying dark surface. 
Dust devils occur when the sun warms up the air near a flat, dry surface. The warm air then rises quickly through the cooler air and begins spinning while moving ahead. This spinning, moving cell may pick up dust and sand then leave behind a clean surface.
Dust devils have been seen from the ground and high overhead from orbit. They have even blown the dust off of the solar panels of the two Rovers on Mars, thereby greatly extending their lives. The twin Rovers were designed to last for 3 months, instead they lasted more than six years, and one is still going after 8 years. The pattern of the tracks have been shown to change every few months.
A study that combined data from the High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC) and the Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) found that some large dust devils on Mars have a diameter of 700 meters and last at least 26 minutes.
Palemagnetism.
The Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) discovered magnetic stripes in the crust of Mars, especially in the Phaethontis and Eridania quadrangles (Terra Cimmeria and Terra Sirenum). The magnetometer on MGS discovered 100 km wide stripes of magnetized crust running roughly parallel for up to 2000 km. These stripes alternate in polarity with the north magnetic pole of one pointing up from the surface and the north magnetic pole of the next pointing down. When similar stripes were discovered on Earth in the 1960s, they were taken as evidence of plate tectonics. Researchers believe these magnetic stripes on Mars are evidence for a short, early period of plate tectonic activity. When the rocks became solid they retained the magnetism that existed at the time. A magnetic field of a planet is believed to be caused by fluid motions under the surface. However, there are some differences, between the magnetic stripes on Earth and those on Mars. The Martian stripes are wider, much more strongly magnetized, and do not appear to spread out from a middle crustal spreading zone. 
Because the area containing the magnetic stripes is about 4 billion years old, it is believed that the global magnetic field probably lasted for only the first few hundred million years of Mars' life, when the temperature of the molten iron in the planet's core might have been high enough to mix it into a magnetic dynamo. There are no magnetic fields near large impact basins like Hellas. The shock of the impact may have erased the remnant magnetization in the rock. So, magnetism produced by early fluid motion in the core would not have existed after the impacts. 
When molten rock containing magnetic material, such as hematite (Fe2O3), cools and solidifies in the presence of a magnetic field, it becomes magnetized and takes on the polarity of the background field. This magnetism is lost only if the rock is subsequently heated above a particular temperature (the Curie point which is 770°C for iron). The magnetism left in rocks is a record of the magnetic field when the rock solidified.

</doc>
<doc id="21559507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559507" title="Macmillan Education">
Macmillan Education

Macmillan is one of the world’s leading publishers of English Language teaching and school curriculum materials, with over 150 years of publishing experience. Based in Oxford, UK, and operating in over 40 countries worldwide.
History.
Macmillan Education is a division of Macmillan Publishers Ltd. Other Macmillan companies include Pan Macmillan and Palgrave Macmillan.
Macmillan is a wholly owned subsidiary of Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH publishing group. Von Holtzbrinck is a family-owned company headquartered in Germany. It is active in more than 80 countries and publishes works in both print and electronic media, providing information, disseminating knowledge, and serving the needs of educational, professional, and general readership markets. Von Holtzbrinck recorded revenue of EUR 2,488.8 million in 
fiscal 2007.
Competitors.
Macmillan Education operates globally and has a range of competitors, both on a global basis as well as in each country in operates. Its main competitors include Pearson Education, a division of Pearson, Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press, McGraw-Hill Education, EMPGI an affiliate of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, and Express Publishing, an independent publisher based in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="21559512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559512" title="Phaethontis quadrangle">
Phaethontis quadrangle

The Phaethontis quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Phaethontis quadrangle is also referred to as MC-24 (Mars Chart-24).
The Phaethontis quadrangle lies between 30° and 65 ° south latitude and 120° and 180 ° west longitude on Mars. This latitude range is where numerous gullies have been discovered. An old feature in this area, called Terra Sirenum lies in this quadrangle; Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter discovered iron/magnesium smectites there. Part of this quadrangle contains what is called the Electris deposits, a deposit that is 100–200 meters thick. It is light-toned and appears to be weak because of few boulders. Among a group of large craters is Mariner Crater, first observed by the Mariner IV spacecraft in the summer of 1965. It was named after that spacecraft. A low area in Terra Sirenum is believed to have once held a lake that eventually drained through Ma'adim Vallis. Russia's Mars 3 probe landed in the Phaethontis quadrangle at 44.9° S and 160.1° W in December 1971. It landed at a speed of 75 km per hour, but survived to radio back 20 seconds of signal, then it went dead. Its message just appeared as a blank screen. 
Martian Gullies.
The Phaethontis quadrangle is the location of many gullies that may be due to recent flowing water. Some are found in the Gorgonum Chaos and in many craters near the large craters Copernicus and Newton (Martian crater). Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially on the walls of craters. Gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters. Moreover, they lie on top of sand dunes which themselves are considered to be quite young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Some studies have found that gullies occur on slopes that face all directions, others have found that the greater number of gullies are found on poleward facing slopes, especially from 30-44 S.
Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water coming from an aquifer, from melting at the base of old glaciers, or from the melting of ice in the ground when the climate was warmer. Because of the good possibility that liquid water was involved with their formation and that they could be very young, scientists are excited. Maybe the gullies are where we should go to find life.
There is evidence for all three theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in aquifers at the usual depths where gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layer that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. The aquifer layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). Because water in an aquifer is prevented from going down, the only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. Eventually, water could flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break—like a crater wall. The resulting flow of water could erode the wall to create gullies. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
As for the next theory, much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. The mantle may be like a glacier and under certain conditions the ice that is mixed in the mantle could melt and flow down the slopes and make gullies. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is shown below in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
The ice-rich mantle may be the result of climate changes. Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor will condense on the particles, then fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When Mars is at its greatest tilt or obliquity, up to 2 cm of ice could be removed from the summer ice cap and deposited at midlatitudes. This movement of water could last for several thousand years and create a snow layer of up to around 10 meters thick. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulating the remaining ice. Measurements of altitudes and slopes of gullies support the idea that snowpacks or glaciers are associated with gullies. Steeper slopes have more shade which would preserve snow.
Higher elevations have far fewer gullies because ice would tend to sublimate more in the thin air of the higher altitude.
The third theory might be possible since climate changes may be enough to simply allow ice in the ground to melt and thus form the gullies. During a warmer climate, the first few meters of ground could thaw and produce a "debris flow" similar to those on the dry and cold Greenland east coast. Since the gullies occur on steep slopes only a small decrease of the shear strength of the soil particles is needed to begin the flow. Small amounts of liquid water from melted ground ice could be enough. Calculations show that a third of a mm of runoff can be produced each day for 50 days of each Martian year, even under current conditions.
Magnetic Stripes and Plate Tectonics.
The Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) discovered magnetic stripes in the crust of Mars, especially in the Phaethontis and Eridania quadrangles (Terra Cimmeria and Terra Sirenum). The magnetometer on MGS discovered 100 km wide stripes of magnetized crust running roughly parallel for up to 2000 km. These stripes alternate in polarity with the north magnetic pole of one pointing up from the surface and the north magnetic pole of the next pointing down. When similar stripes were discovered on Earth in the 1960s, they were taken as evidence of plate tectonics. Researchers believe these magnetic stripes on Mars are evidence for an short, early period of plate tectonic activity. When the rocks became solid they retained the magnetism that existed at the time. A magnetic field of a planet is believed to be caused by fluid motions under the surface. However, there are some differences, between the magnetic stripes on Earth and those on Mars. The Martian stripes are wider, much more strongly magnetized, and do not appear to spread out from a middle crustal spreading zone. 
Because the area containing the magnetic stripes is about 4 billion years old, it is believed that the global magnetic field probably lasted for only the first few hundred million years of Mars' life, when the temperature of the molten iron in the planet's core might have been high enough to mix it into a magnetic dynamo. There are no magnetic fields near large impact basins like Hellas. The shock of the impact may have erased the remnant magnetization in the rock. So, magnetism produced by early fluid motion in the core would not have existed after the impacts. 
When molten rock containing magnetic material, such as hematite (Fe2O3), cools and solidifies in the presence of a magnetic field, it becomes magnetized and takes on the polarity of the background field. This magnetism is lost only if the rock is subsequently heated above a particular temperature (the Curie point which is 770°C for iron). The magnetism left in rocks is a record of the magnetic field when the rock solidified.
Chloride Deposits.
Using data from Mars Global Surveyor, Mars Odyssey and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, scientists have found widespread deposits of chloride minerals. A picture below shows some deposits within the Phaethontis quadrangle. Evidence suggests that the deposits were formed from the evaporation of mineral enriched waters. The research suggests that lakes may have been scattered over large areas of the Martian surface. Usually chlorides are the last minerals to come out of solution. Carbonates, sulfates, and silica should precipitate out ahead of them. Sulfates and silica have been found by the Mars Rovers on the surface. Places with chloride minerals may have once held various life forms. Furthermore, such areas should preserve traces of ancient life.
Based on chloride deposits and hydrated phyllosilicates, Alfonso Davila and others believe there is an ancient lakebed in Terra Sirenum that had an area of 30,000 km2 and was 200 meters deep. Other evidence that supports this lake are normal and inverted channels like ones found in the Atacama desert.

</doc>
<doc id="21559514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559514" title="Thaumasia quadrangle">
Thaumasia quadrangle

The Thaumasia quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Thaumasia quadrangle is also referred to as MC-25 (Mars Chart-25).
The Thaumasia quadrangle covers the area from 60° to 120° west longitude and 30° to 65° south latitude on Mars. One of the first major networks of stream channels, called Warrego Valles, were discovered here by early orbiters. Another sign of water is the presence of gullies carved into steep slopes.
Martian Gullies.
Gullies are common in some parts of Mars. Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially on the walls of craters. Martian gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters. Moreover, they lie on top of sand dunes which themselves are considered to be quite young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Some studies have found that gullies occur on slopes that face all directions, others have found that the greater number of gullies are found on poleward facing slopes, especially from 30-44 S.
Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water coming from an aquifer, from melting at the base of old glaciers, or from the melting of ice in the ground when the climate was warmer. Because of the good possibility that liquid water was involved with their formation and that they could be very young, scientists are excited. Maybe the gullies are where we should go to find life.
There is evidence for all three theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in aquifers at the usual depths where gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layer that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. The aquifer layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). Because water in an aquifer is prevented from going down, the only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. Eventually, water could flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break—like a crater wall. The resulting flow of water could erode the wall to create gullies. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
As for the next theory, much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. The mantle may be like a glacier and under certain conditions the ice that is mixed in the mantle could melt and flow down the slopes and make gullies. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is shown below in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
The ice-rich mantle may be the result of climate changes. Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor will condense on the particles, then fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When Mars is at its greatest tilt or obliquity, up to 2 cm of ice could be removed from the summer ice cap and deposited at midlatitudes. This movement of water could last for several thousand years and create a snow layer of up to around 10 meters thick. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulating the remaining ice. Measurements of altitudes and slopes of gullies support the idea that snowpacks or glaciers are associated with gullies. Steeper slopes have more shade which would preserve snow.
Higher elevations have far fewer gullies because ice would tend to sublimate more in the thin air of the higher altitude. Very few gullies are found in the Thaumasia region; however, a few are present in the lower elevations like the one pictured below in Ross Crater.
The third theory might be possible since climate changes may be enough to simply allow ice in the ground to melt and thus form the gullies. During a warmer climate, the first few meters of ground could thaw and produce a "debris flow" similar to those on the dry and cold Greenland east coast. Since the gullies occur on steep slopes only a small decrease of the shear strength of the soil particles is needed to begin the flow. Small amounts of liquid water from melted ground ice could be enough. Calculations show that a third of a mm of runoff can be produced each day for 50 days of each Martian year, even under current conditions.
Sand Dunes.
Many places on Mars have sand dunes. Some craters in Thaumasia show dark blotches in them. High resolution photos show that the dark markings are dark sand dunes. Dark sand dunes probably contain the igneous rock basalt. Brashear Crater, pictured below, is one crater with dark dunes.
Warrego Valles.
Mariner 9 and Viking Orbiter images, showed a network of branching valleys in Thaumasia called Warrego Valles. These networks are evidence that Mars may have once been warmer, wetter, and perhaps had precipitation in the form of rain or snow. A study with the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter, Thermal Emission Imaging System (THEMIS) and the Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) support the idea that Warrego Valles was formed from precitation. At first glance they resemble river valleys on our Earth. But sharper images from more advanced cameras reveal that the valleys are not continuous. They are very old and may have suffered from the effects of erosion. A picture below shows some of these branching valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="21559519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559519" title="Argyre quadrangle">
Argyre quadrangle

The Argyre quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Argyre quadrangle is also referred to as MC-26 (Mars Chart-26).
The Argyre quadrangle covers the area from 0° to 60° west longitude and from 30° to 65° south latitude on Mars. It contains Galle crater, which resembles a smiley face and the Argyre basin, a giant impact crater. Research published in the journal Icarus has found pits in Hale Crater that are caused by hot ejecta falling on ground containing ice. The pits are formed by heat forming steam that rushes out from groups of pits simultaneously, thereby blowing away from the pit ejecta.
Many steep slopes in this quadrangle contain gullies, which are believed to have formed by relatively recent flows of water.
Martian gullies.
Gullies are common in some latitude bands on Mars. Usually, martian gullies are found on the walls of craters or troughs, but Charitum Montes, a group of mountains, has gullies in some areas (See the image below).
Gullies occur on steep slopes, especially on the walls of craters. Gullies are believed to be relatively young because they have few, if any craters. Moreover, they lie on top of sand dunes which themselves are considered to be quite young. Usually, each gully has an alcove, channel, and apron. Some studies have found that gullies occur on slopes that face all directions, others have found that the greater number of gullies are found on poleward facing slopes, especially from 30-44 S.
Although many ideas have been put forward to explain them, the most popular involve liquid water coming from an aquifer, from melting at the base of old glaciers, or from the melting of ice in the ground when the climate was warmer. Because of the good possibility that liquid water was involved with their formation and that they could be very young, scientists are excited. Maybe the gullies are where we should go to find life.
There is evidence for all three theories. Most of the gully alcove heads occur at the same level, just as one would expect of an aquifer. Various measurements and calculations show that liquid water could exist in aquifers at the usual depths where gullies begin. One variation of this model is that rising hot magma could have melted ice in the ground and caused water to flow in aquifers. Aquifers are layer that allow water to flow. They may consist of porous sandstone. The aquifer layer would be perched on top of another layer that prevents water from going down (in geological terms it would be called impermeable). Because water in an aquifer is prevented from going down, the only direction the trapped water can flow is horizontally. Eventually, water could flow out onto the surface when the aquifer reaches a break—like a crater wall. The resulting flow of water could erode the wall to create gullies. Aquifers are quite common on Earth. A good example is "Weeping Rock" in Zion National Park Utah.
As for the next theory, much of the surface of Mars is covered by a thick smooth mantle that is thought to be a mixture of ice and dust. This ice-rich mantle, a few yards thick, smoothes the land, but in places it has a bumpy texture, resembling the surface of a basketball. The mantle may be like a glacier and under certain conditions the ice that is mixed in the mantle could melt and flow down the slopes and make gullies. Because there are few craters on this mantle, the mantle is relatively young. An excellent view of this mantle is shown below in the picture of the Ptolemaeus Crater Rim, as seen by HiRISE.
The ice-rich mantle may be the result of climate changes. Changes in Mars's orbit and tilt cause significant changes in the distribution of water ice from polar regions down to latitudes equivalent to Texas. During certain climate periods water vapor leaves polar ice and enters the atmosphere. The water comes back to ground at lower latitudes as deposits of frost or snow mixed generously with dust. The atmosphere of Mars contains a great deal of fine dust particles. Water vapor will condense on the particles, then fall down to the ground due to the additional weight of the water coating. When Mars is at its greatest tilt or obliquity, up to 2 cm of ice could be removed from the summer ice cap and deposited at midlatitudes. This movement of water could last for several thousand years and create a snow layer of up to around 10 meters thick. When ice at the top of the mantling layer goes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which insulating the remaining ice. Measurements of altitudes and slopes of gullies support the idea that snowpacks or glaciers are associated with gullies. Steeper slopes have more shade which would preserve snow.
Higher elevations have far fewer gullies because ice would tend to sublimate more in the thin air of the higher altitude.
The third theory might be possible since climate changes may be enough to simply allow ice in the ground to melt and thus form the gullies. During a warmer climate, the first few meters of ground could thaw and produce a "debris flow" similar to those on the dry and cold Greenland east coast. Since the gullies occur on steep slopes only a small decrease of the shear strength of the soil particles is needed to begin the flow. Small amounts of liquid water from melted ground ice could be enough. Calculations show that a third of a mm of runoff can be produced each day for 50 days of each Martian year, even under current conditions.
Argyre basin.
The Argyre basin was created by a giant impact. It is believed to have contained a lake early in the history of Mars. At least three river valleys (Surius Vallis, Dzigal Vallis, and Palacopus Vallis) drain into it from the south. After it froze solid, the ice formed eskers which are visible today.
Other craters.
Impact craters generally have a rim with ejecta around them, in contrast volcanic craters usually do not have a rim or ejecta deposits. As craters get larger (greater than 10 km in diameter) they usually have a central peak. The peak is caused by a rebound of the crater floor following the impact. Often, craters with diameters greater than 100 km have rings on their floors. Since so much material is blasted away, the ground readjusts, making circular faults. When lava flows upward along the faults, rings are produced. Sometimes craters will display layers. Since the collision that produces a crater is like a powerful explosion, rocks from deep underground are tossed unto the surface. Hence, craters can show us what lies deep under the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="21559527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559527" title="Mare Australe quadrangle">
Mare Australe quadrangle

The Mare Australe quadrangle is one of a series of 30 quadrangle maps of Mars used by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Astrogeology Research Program. The Mare Australe quadrangle is also referred to as MC-30 (Mars Chart-30). The quadrangle covers all the area of Mars south of 65°, including the South polar ice cap, and its surrounding area. The quadrangle's name derives from an older name for a feature that is now called Planum Australe, a large plain surrounding the polar cap.
Notable features.
Around the southern ice cap is a surface, called the "Dorsa Argentea Formation" that may be an old ice-rich deposit. It contains a group of sinuous, branched ridges that resembles eskers that form when streams are under glaciers. The formation often contains pits: two major locations are named "Cavi Angusti" and "Cavi Sisyphi". The pits have steep sides and an irregular shape. They are up to 50 km across and 1 km deep.
The quadrangle also contains Angustus Labyrinthus, a formation of intersecting valley or ridges, nicknamed the "Inca City". Researchers were surprised to see parts of the surface having a Swiss-cheese appearance. Also, some areas showed strange spider-shaped forms, which were determined to be caused by carbon dioxide gas blowing dust around at certain times of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="21559535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559535" title="Tommy Williams (Australian footballer)">
Tommy Williams (Australian footballer)

Tommy Williams (born 12 September 1909, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A half back flanker, Williams was at Fitzroy during a particularly weak period for the club where they failed to makes the finals in each season he played. The East Brunswick recruit represented the VFL in three interstate matches and later returned to Fitzroy as coach of the Under-19s. On one occasion, in 1964, he filled in as coach of the seniors when Kevin Murray was unavailable.

</doc>
<doc id="21559539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559539" title="Computer-aided ergonomics">
Computer-aided ergonomics

Computer-aided ergonomics is an engineering discipline using computers to solve complex ergonomic problems involving interaction between the human body and its environment. 
The human body holds a great complexity thus it can be beneficial to use computers to solve problems involving the human body and the environment that surrounds it. 
Overview.
Computer-aided ergonomics is an interdisciplinary field of work that involves the use of a computer to solve complex problems regarding a human body interacting with an environment. As the title reveals, having a computer to help find the best ergonomic solution in a given situation. 
Ergonomics traditionally involves many disciplines including biomechanics, anthropometry, mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, kinesiology, health sciences and physiology. 
Due to the highly interdisciplinary and complex nature of ergonomics it is hard to get a full understanding of a situation. As the human body is a complex system, thus it is beneficial to have a computer system that models the human body as a mechanical system. The human body contains several parts that can be modeled as known mechanical systems, for example bones connected with joints and driven by actuators (muscles).
Example of a system.
One example of a computer system that can be used as a computer-aided ergonomics system is that consider the human body as a dynamic multi-rigid-body system. The human model is a public domain model contains most of the bones, muscles and joints that are present in the human body. The model in total have more than 1000 muscle elements, and many muscle elements have been modeled with the most detailed muscle model theory described by Hill, A.V. in 1938. The muscle model contains information as physiological cross-sectional area, length, penation angle, ratio of red and white fibers and so on. The AnyBody modeling system is capable of modeling almost any human voluntary movement or static situation. 
One example of a model, could be a seated model, where the human body is placed in a chair, that have a seat, backrest, headrest, leg rest, footrest, and armrest. The model can then calculate the forces acting between the human body and the chair, as well as for example the forces between any given spinal vertebra. This could be used for finding the optimal seated posture for a person, who suffers from lower back pain, assuming that greater load on a vertebra result in greater pain.
Benefits of computer-aided ergonomics.
The question is “In what scenario” it would be beneficial to use computer-aided ergonomics compared to traditional ergonomics. First of all computer aided ergonomics using for example a musculo-skeletal modeling system as The Modeling system[http://www.anybodytech.com], would be beneficial in physical ergonomics, which traditional combines aspects from the human anatomical, anthropometric, physiological and biomechanical characteristics related to some physical activity. The model can provide a quantitative foundation for ergonomic design and recommendations. 
Traditionally “Ergonomics” has been based on recommendations derived from empirical data from various working tasks; if many people get injured from working in a certain posture, it is recommended to avoid working in that posture. However, when applying the recommendations to another related working posture, the posture or the movement often does not match exactly. This means that the theory and recommendations does not apply to the new situation. In this case it could be beneficial to model the situation in order to find out how the reaction forces and muscle activities differ from the first situation, where the recommendations were based on empirical data. 
A combination of risk factors can be derived from the model output. For example, when designing an office chair, one would like to design it to fulfill several demands; comfortable, relaxing, supporting and so on. Some of the criteria related to the demands might be conflicting for example; comfort is often related to the shear force on the seat, which should be kept as low as possible. The seat shear force could be removed by making a horizontal seat and rising the backrest to 90 degrees however this would not be relaxing. Therefore, a combination of seat and backrest angles needs to be considered in order to find optimal seated postures related to only the two design variables. 
Computer-aided ergonomics is an interdisciplinary field of work, that involve the use of a computer to solve complex problems that involve a person interacting with an environment. As the title reveals, it is all about having a computer to help finding the best ergonomic solution. Ergonomics involves many disciplines, such as biomechanics, anthropometry, mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, kinesiology, health sciences and physiology. Due to the highly interdisciplinary it is hard to get a full understanding of a situation based on knowledge, unless the knowledge in some way is build into a computer system.

</doc>
<doc id="21559540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559540" title="Diane Stevenett">
Diane Stevenett

Diane Stevenett is an artist, singer and actress, and producer. Born in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, she was the eldest of nine children and grew up Innisfail, Alberta, a farming community. She moved to California and in 1980, she married Frank Harris a movie director.
Film career.
She has acted in a number of films in the 1980s. She is also the sister of composer and musician Daryl Stevenett. 
She has appeared in some of Leo Fong's films in the 1980s. She served as Producer, Production Manager and Assistant Director to Frank Harris in "Killpoint", a film that Starred Leo Fong, Cameron Mitchell, Richard Rountree, Diane Stevenett, Hope Holiday and Stack Pierce. In 1986, she acted in "Low Blow" which she played the part of Joe Wong's secretary Diane. Also in 1986, she played the part of Maggie in "The Patriot" another Frank Harris directed film. She was also the producer of "Lockdown", a 1990 film that starred Joe Estevez and Richard Lynch.
Recent activities.
Recently in 2010, Diane was the Female Lead as Vesta Victoria in Christmas REVELS (Santa Barbara Christmas Revels) at the Lobero Theatre. She also performed at the Hamilton Music Awards in Ontario, November 21, 2010 singing "I Love To Make Things Grow" by the late Gene Lees, Lyricist. She presented a Lifetime Achievement Award for Gene Lees which was accepted in his honor by his niece. She has appeared with Brian Slotnick Lastrico at the Historic Lobero Theatre and the Granada Theater, of Santa Barbara, California and the Center Stage Theatre in a stage production of "The Little Prince".
She is also an Arts Commissioner with The Santa Barbara County Arts Commission along with Michael Dawson and John Hood as a 5th district Arts Commissioner.

</doc>
<doc id="21559543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559543" title="Rufus Henderson">
Rufus Henderson

Rufus C. Henderson (1779 – April 5, 1847) was a physician, merchant and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Grenville in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1828 to 1830 as a Conservative.
Henderson married Ann Jones, the daughter of Solomon Jones. He served as a surgeon in the militia during the War of 1812. Henderson was a justice of the peace for the Johnstown District. He died in Augusta Township, Canada West.

</doc>
<doc id="21559570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559570" title="Ingenious Media">
Ingenious Media

Ingenious Media is a UK media investment and advisory group founded in 1998 by Patrick McKenna who is its Chief Executive Officer.
They are an investment and advisory group, with four operating divisions: Investments; Ventures; Asset Management; and Corporate Finance.
They have a substantial presence in asset management and, although are perhaps best known for their work in media and entertainment, they have broadened their sector focus to include leisure, sport, clean energy and real estate.
They manage and invest both their own and their clients’ capital, as well as providing advice on wealth-related issues and a variety of financial transactions.
Since their debut in 1998, they have raised and invested over $10bn in the media and entertainment sectors. Today, Ingenious is by far the largest independent investor in the UK creative economy.

</doc>
<doc id="21559590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559590" title="Adelaide – Port Augusta Railway">
Adelaide – Port Augusta Railway

Crossing loops.
The maximum length of trains on this line is 1800m, and almost all crossing loops are of this length. East of Mile End the maximum train length is 1500m, though this is starting to be increased to 1800m also.

</doc>
<doc id="21559603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559603" title="National Centre for the Evaluation of Photoprotection">
National Centre for the Evaluation of Photoprotection

CNEP is a research center for durability prediction and failures analysis of plastics (polymer) materials.
The increasing use of plastics in daily life and for high tech applications points out the necessity to improve their reliability.
These materials can eventually fail during their service life and it is crucial to be able, like in medicine, to diagnose the cause of the failure and to suggest solutions to solve the problem.
Plastic materials are made of polymer mostly associated with “formulation” products allowing to adjust their basic properties to special use they are made for (fillers, pigments, additives. .. ).
In case of failure, a decisive action is to perform the physicochemical analysis of the defect and eventually (in case of suspicion of oxidation products) to perform adapted artificial or natural ageings allowing the evaluation of their long term behaviour.
CNEP : a research centre for evaluation of polymer failures.
(French) National Centre for the Evaluation of Photoprotection (CNEP)is a subsidiary company of University Blaise Pascal [http://www.univ-bpclermont.fr created in 1986 by Professor Jacques Lemaire, former head of Laboratory of Molecular and Macromolecular Photochemistry [http://www.univ-bpclermont.fr/LABOS/lpmm](LPMM) - Clermont-Ferrand (France).
Initially the goal was to transfer the expertise of LPMM on polymer photoageing to industrial companies facing increasing problems of degradation (yellowing – bleaching - physical properties loss … ). 
CNEP is today still associated with LPMM but also with many small, medium and world size companies working in various domains of polymer applications. More of 500 failure cases are examined each year by CNEP and expertise on the last twenty years is covering more of 100.000 different polymer formulations.
Progressively with the development of sophisticated analytical tools, CNEP was extending its activity to the direct physicochemical analysis of any failure in polymer material, not only derived from ageing (polymer degradation).
All researches are made under contract with a confidentiality agreement.
Since 10 years CNEP is certified by the French Ministries of Higher Education and Industry as "National Centre for Technical Research"(CRT). Its contact with the complete chain of plastic production allows CNEP to play also an interfacial role between polymer producers, transformers and constructors bringing :
- collective approach of subjects of common interest ;
- quality control and standardisation ;
- legal and insurance expertise ;
- contemporary artists / restorers / collectors.
CNEP is also applying basic concepts of photochemistry to suggest an original approach of the long term prediction of plastic weathering. SEPAP units described elsewhere (weather testing of polymers and :fr:photovieillissement accéléré en SEPAP) provoke, in controlled accelerated relevant conditions, the same chemical evolutions than those which should occur at long term in weathering conditions. Designed in the late seventies and built by ATLAS Germany, SEPAP units are now the base of many standard tests (see [http://www.cnep-ubp.com]).
CNEP approach.
The CNEP approach is considering that most of initial polymer failures have a chemical origin which can be detected by specific analysis at the solid state. Among a large panel of analytical techniques located at CNEP or on the campus, those involving non destructive infra red and UV-Visible spectroscopy are particularly developed.
In case of ageing analysis, the knowledge of chemical degradation mechanisms of most polymers allows to follow degradation at very low extent both in natural and accelerated conditions. Additional informations could also come from the direct analysis of formulation compounds.
CNEP is also developing an expertise on the analysis of the organic matters engaged in works of art as well as for the determination of common initial properties of polymers.
See also.
plastics
nanocomposite
composite materials
polymer
oxidation
polymer degradation
quality control
standardisation
photochemistry
weather testing of polymers
weathering

</doc>
<doc id="21559617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559617" title="Eureka Historic District">
Eureka Historic District

Eureka Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21559626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559626" title="Ambrose Blacklock">
Ambrose Blacklock

Ambrose Blacklock (May 17, 1784 – October 5, 1866) was a Scottish-born farmer, physician and political figure in Upper Canada.
He was born in Dumfries and studied medicine in Scotland. In 1807, he was commissioned as a surgeon in the Royal Navy. He served on lakes Ontario and Champlain during the War of 1812. Blacklock lived in Cornwall and later St. Andrews. He married Catherine Macdonell. Blacklock served as a justice of the peace and coroner for the Eastern District.
He represented Stormont in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1828 to 1830 as a Reformer.
He died at St. Andrews at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="21559641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559641" title="Wądół, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wądół, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wądół () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 82.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559642" title="Wierszynko">
Wierszynko

Wierszynko () is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559643" title="Cavemen (songwriters)">
Cavemen (songwriters)

Cavemen is a British songwriting/production/remix duo comprising Steve Mackey, formerly of Pulp, and Ross Orton of Fat Truckers. The duo has produced and remixed songs for M.I.A., Kelis, Cornershop, The Kills, Jentina, and Death from Above 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21559644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559644" title="Wierszyno">
Wierszyno

Wierszyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 189.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559645" title="Witanowo">
Witanowo

Witanowo (German "Franzdorf") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 75.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559647" title="Zagony, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zagony, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zagony (German "Neufeld") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kołczygłowy, west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 107.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559650" title="Zatoki, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zatoki, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zatoki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kołczygłowy, north-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559665" title="Biedolewo">
Biedolewo

Biedolewo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559667" title="Budy, Bytów County">
Budy, Bytów County

Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559668" title="Buksewo">
Buksewo

Buksewo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559670" title="Bydgoszcz, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bydgoszcz, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bydgoszcz is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559671" title="Czaple, Bytów County">
Czaple, Bytów County

Czaple is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559672" title="Dębowo, Bytów County">
Dębowo, Bytów County

Dębowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559673" title="2006 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering">
2006 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering

The 2006 World Championship of Ski Mountaineering () was the third World Championship of Ski Mountaineering sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC), held in the Italian Province of Cuneo from February 27 to March 4, 2006.
The participating athletes were from 33 nations. Because the relay event for the "Senior" athletes had to be canceled to bad snow conditions, there was consequently no combined ranking.
Results.
Vertical race.
Event held at Crissolo on February 28, 2008
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
Team.
Event held at Crissolo on March 1, 2006
List of the best 10 teams by gender:
Individual (canceled).
planned route:
Relay.
Event held in Artesina on March 4, 2006
List of the best 10 relay teams by gender:

</doc>
<doc id="21559674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559674" title="Hamer Młyn">
Hamer Młyn

Hamer Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 12.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559677" title="Holandia, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Holandia, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Holandia is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 6.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559678" title="Janowo, Bytów County">
Janowo, Bytów County

Janowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 14.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559680" title="Jeruzalem, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jeruzalem, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jeruzalem is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559681" title="Karcz">
Karcz

Karcz is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559682" title="Karpno">
Karpno

Karpno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21559683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559683" title="Karpno, Bytów County">
Karpno, Bytów County

Karpno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 82.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559684" title="Katarzynki, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Katarzynki, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Katarzynki is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 6.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559686" title="Klasztor, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Klasztor, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Klasztor is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559689" title="Kłonecznica, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kłonecznica, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kłonecznica is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of four.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559690" title="Kobyle Góry">
Kobyle Góry

Kobyle Góry is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559691" title="Ray Slocum">
Ray Slocum

Ray Slocum (born 16 August 1937) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Recruited locally, Slocum developed into a wingman after being used initially as a rover and at half forward. After retiring he became coach of the Fitzroy reserves and filled in as senior coach for a match against Hawthorn in the 1968 VFL season. He would later coach Eltham and steered them to the 1972 Diamond Valley Football League premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="21559692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559692" title="Kozy, Gmina Lipnica">
Kozy, Gmina Lipnica

Kozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559693" title="Kraklewo">
Kraklewo

Kraklewo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559694" title="Modrzejewo">
Modrzejewo

Modrzejewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21559695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559695" title="Modrzejewo, Gmina Lipnica">
Modrzejewo, Gmina Lipnica

Modrzejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559698" title="Modziel">
Modziel

Modziel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559700" title="Mogiel">
Mogiel

Mogiel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk. The village has a population of 18.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559702" title="Na Górze">
Na Górze

Na Górze is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559703" title="Nowa Osusznica">
Nowa Osusznica

Nowa Osusznica is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 7.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559705" title="Nowe Brzeźno, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nowe Brzeźno, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nowe Brzeźno is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 32.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559707" title="Neverke">
Neverke

Neverke is a village west of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Neverke was attested in written sources in 1763–67 as "Na Verscze", "Navershze", and "Versecz". The 18th-century transcriptions of the name indicate that they are a distorted form of the fused prepositional phrase "*na Vršce" 'on the small peak', whereas today's form of the name may be derived via Italian from the phrase "*na Vrhe" 'on the peak'. In both cases, the likely references is Vrhe Hill () immediately east of the village.
History.
The Italian authorities built extensive military housing in Neverke in 1933 to maintain soldiers and workers engaged in producing gunpowder and filling munitions with gunpowder. During the Second World War, after the Italian capitulation in 1943, German forces took over the site. The Germans withdrew in spring 1944, and the site was used intermittently by the sapper squad of the Partisan 9th Corps, which destroyed the rail lines between Pivka and Rijeka and between Pivka and Trieste. After the war, the buildings were eventually taken over by the Kras poultry farm, which was established in 1959.
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Hermit and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21559709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559709" title="Osówek, Bytów County">
Osówek, Bytów County

Osówek is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 7.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559711" title="Sivec">
Sivec

Sivec is the trademark of the dolomitic marble extracted from the quarries of Mermeren Kombinat A.D. Prilep and Uni Gran Mer A.D. Prilep, near the town of Prilep in Macedonia. The fine grain makes it ideal for sculpture and architectural applications. 
History.
The extraction of Sivec marble can be dated back 500 BCE and earlier. Extraction flourished under the Roman period when the quarries near the ancient city of Stibera (today Prilep) produced stone for the production of Roman sculptures, as well as replicas of Greek original bronzes. These replicas went to Rome or to other parts of the empire.
Sivec is a famous material that was used in south-east Europe from the 3rd century BCE until the 5th century CE, producing some of the most visually stunning creations of the ancient world. It is estimated that during these centuries, 1.2 million cubic meters of Sivec White Marble were mined from the Prilep area.
Through the centuries, Sivec was used for many building and reconstruction sites throughout the world. It was used for the reconstruction of Roman emperor Diocletian's Palace in Split, Croatia. It has been also used by Edvard Ravnikar for lines at Prešeren Square in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Today.
The marble-bearing deposits in the area are widely known and are among the largest in the world. The whiteness of the marble, its homogenous form, and the micro-granular structure generate a high demand for Sivec marble on the international market.
White Sivec, or Macedonian Bianco Sivec, is the commercial name for this fine-grained white dolomitic marble. 
Nowadays, Sivec has been selected to give the characteristic, exclusive white appearance in many large well-known projects including hotels, palaces, commercial buildings, etc. 
Company.
MERMEREN Kombinat AD Prilep was set-up in 1946 and since then, it has been exploiting and processing white marble. Stone Works Holdings, a Dutch Company owned by private equity funds managed by NBGI Private Equity, owns 88.4% of the Company’s shares.
The Company is fully integrated. The five large quarries are operated on a long-term concession basis that guarantees the steady supply of raw materials. The large and modern production facilities ensure the successful completion of big and complex projects. Both the carefully selected commercial network and the proximity to the port of Thessaloniki, Greece (around 
200 km), which is used as the main logistics hub, allow the distribution of BIANCO SIVEC® to all continents.
Quarries:
The Company operates five large-scale quarries that cover around 30% of the concession area of 1.9 km2, making it the largest white marble quarrying area worldwide. The quarries are located 10km NE from the 
city of Prilep. Based on the generic and morphological characteristics of the deposit, the area belongs to the Pelagonic zone, which continues into Greece. 
Equipment:
In our quarries we use machinery and equipment of the latest technology of worldwide known brands such as Barsanti, Fantini, Benetti Macchine, Perlini, Caterpillar, Pellegrini and Perfora. 
More than 200 highly skilled workers operate the quarries throughout the entire year. 
Research:
Starting 2010, an extensive and professionally designed research program with drill-holes has been taking place with the aim to define the exact huge reserve potential of the concession area. 
At the same time, “Datamine” software was implemented to improve the geological data and reserve system management, mine designing and planning. The final aim is to utilize the exploitation of this unique natural resource.
Processing plants equipment:
The main processing plant is situated in the city of Prilep, only 10 kilometers away from BIANCO SIVEC® quarries. The factory's total area is 65,000 m2, including a large stone yard for the final products. The processing equipment includes: 
- 7 gang saws (5 Barsanti, 1 Carl Meyer and Gisbert)
- 8 bridge saws (4 Carl Meyer, 2 Gisbert, 1 Barsanti and Mikrosam)
- 4 block cutters (3 Pedrini and 1Gisbert)
- 2 CNC machines (1 OMEC and 1 BAVELLONI)
- 3 polishing lines
Process:
BIANCO SIVEC® raw materials are vertically processed in the Company´s own production facilities. Slabs and tiles, both polished and unpolished in all dimensions, as well as pebble mats, wall panels (bush-hammered) and custom-made products in CNC machines are only some of the products that can be produced in the plant. In the processing plant, substantial projects can be carried out, thanks to the “know-how” of 140 experienced workers and technicians who make sure that each and every single product is made according to the requirements of the customer and to the highest international quality standards.
Crushing Plants:
In the effort to utilize this unique resource, a processing plant has been set- up in the area of the quarries for the exploitation of by-products. The raw material is crushed in two stages (primary and secondary crushing) followed by vibrating screens that sort the material in different size aggregates. These aggregates are used for construction purposes and for the production of milled products in other added value applications. Around 80,000t are distributed annually in this way on the domestic market and in the neighboring countries, as well.
Product:
The whiteness of BIANCO SIVEC® marble, its homogenous form, the micro-granular structure, as well as the worldwide scarcity of snow white marble resources generate a high demand for the product in the international markets. Nowadays, BIANCO SIVEC® is worldwide known, since has been selected to give the unique characteristic, exclusive white appearance in many large high end projects including mosques, hotels, palaces, commercial and residential buildings, villas, artworks etc.
Properties:
BIANCO SIVEC® is worldwide known. Its whiteness, homogenous form and the micro-granular structure,combined with the worldwide scarcity of snow- white marble resources make it the preferred choice for many international high-end projects including mosques, hotels, palaces, commercial and residential buildings, villas, artworks etc.
BIANCO SIVEC® can be used in a series of applications including but not limited to cladding of internal/external, vertical/horizontal surfaces (floors and walls), art works, crafting and molding.
Safety and ECO Sensitivity:
The Company is committed to a continuous effort of enhancing the safety capabilities and standards, in order not only to meet the increasingly strict safety standards required by the law, but also to exceed them. MERMEREN Kombinat has been investing in new equipment in order to ensure noise, dust and vibration control.The quarries have been designed to drain rain water and recycle used water for the needs of the production activities as well as for dust suppression. Environmental projects have been approved by the government and implemented in the effort to minimize the visual disturbance of the environment.
See also.
http://www.mermeren.com

</doc>
<doc id="21559712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559712" title="Osowo Duże">
Osowo Duże

Osowo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 13.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559715" title="Osowo Małe, Gmina Lipnica">
Osowo Małe, Gmina Lipnica

Osowo Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559716" title="1994 South Africa rugby union tour of New Zealand">
1994 South Africa rugby union tour of New Zealand

Touring party.
Backs.
Gavin Johnson, Andre Joubert, Theo van Rensburg, Chris Badenhorst, James Small, JF (Cabous) van der Westhuizen, Chester Williams, Jannie Claassens, Francois Meiring, Japie Mulder, Pieter Muller, Brendan Venter, Hennie le Roux, Lance Sherrell, Johan Roux, Joost van der Westhuizen
Forwards.
Adriaan Richter, Tiaan Strauss, Wahl Bartmann, Ruben Kruger, Francois Pienaar, Rudolph Straeuli, Fritz van Heerden, Mark Andrews, Stephen Atherton, Adrian Geldenhuys, Krynauw Otto, George Wegner, Kobus Wiese, Keith Andrews, Guy Kebble, Ollie le Roux, Johan le Roux, Balie Swart

</doc>
<doc id="21559717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559717" title="Owsne Ostrowy">
Owsne Ostrowy

Owsne Ostrowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 24.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559718" title="Rosochy, Bytów County">
Rosochy, Bytów County

Rosochy is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559719" title="Rucowe Lasy">
Rucowe Lasy

Rucowe Lasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 108.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559720" title="Rudniki, Bytów County">
Rudniki, Bytów County

Rudniki is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559721" title="Sątoczno">
Sątoczno

Sątoczno may refer to the following villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="21559722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559722" title="Sątoczno, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sątoczno, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sątoczno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 36.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559725" title="Sierzywk">
Sierzywk

Sierzywk is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559726" title="Smołdziny">
Smołdziny

Smołdziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 29.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559728" title="Bosan">
Bosan

Bosan is a town in Multan District, Pakistan. It is an agricultural area known for mango and orange production, and is one of the largest mango producers in Pakistan. Boson Town is also famous for its rich livestock. Most of the people here have adopted livestock as their livelihood. The majority of the people here have work related to agriculture. 
The Leading Educational ICON BZU is located in Boson Town. There are many secondary and higher secondary schools as well as a few colleges of intermediate and undergraduate studies. Boson Town is well facilitated with electricity, gas and telecommunications networks. Fiber optics are spread in almost all the villages and small areas of the town. Road infrastructure is quite good and new roads are still being built. 
The former Prime Minister of Pakistan Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani had been elected from this town. He has been selected from this area more than 3 times. 
Climate.
Bosan is very hot in the summer, but winters are mild, permitting the area's fruit production.

</doc>
<doc id="21559729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559729" title="Smolne, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Smolne, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Smolne is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 13.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559731" title="Stare Brzeźno">
Stare Brzeźno

Stare Brzeźno is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 11.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559733" title="Stary Most, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stary Most, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stary Most is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559734" title="Stoltmany">
Stoltmany

Stoltmany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipnica, south of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 55.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559735" title="Tebowizna">
Tebowizna

Tebowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 32.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559738" title="Trzebielsk">
Trzebielsk

Trzebielsk is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 21.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559739" title="Upiłka">
Upiłka

Upiłka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559740" title="Warszawa, Bytów County">
Warszawa, Bytów County

Warszawa is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559741" title="Wieczywno">
Wieczywno

Wieczywno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 11.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559743" title="Wielgoszcz, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wielgoszcz, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wielgoszcz is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".

</doc>
<doc id="21559744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559744" title="Wierzchocina">
Wierzchocina

Wierzchocina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 51.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559746" title="Wygoda, Gmina Lipnica">
Wygoda, Gmina Lipnica

Wygoda is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipnica, south-west of Bytów, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 17.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559755" title="Russell Mount">
Russell Mount

Russell Mount (1797 – January 19, 1834) was a surveyor and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Middlesex in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1830 to 1834 as a Conservative.
He was born in Delaware Township, Upper Canada, the son of Moses Mount and Jane Burtch. Mount learned surveying with Mahlon Burwell. He settled in Delaware Township, having received large land grants in payment for surveying. Mount served in the militia during the War of 1812, later reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He died in office in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="21559775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559775" title="Gana, Poland">
Gana, Poland

Gana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately east of Praszka, north of Olesno, and north-east of the regional capital Opole.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559782" title="Świerzno">
Świerzno

Świerzno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21559785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559785" title="Trzcinno">
Trzcinno

Trzcinno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="21559788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559788" title="Chenopodium curvispicatum">
Chenopodium curvispicatum

Chenopodium curvispicatum is a species of plant in the amaranth family, endemic to Australia. 
It is a shrub reaching 1 metre in height with triangular leaves covered in hairs. The inflorescences are drooping panicles with flowers that may be male, female or bisexual. These are followed by rounded red berries. 
The species occurs in the states of Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria and New South Wales. 

</doc>
<doc id="21559792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559792" title="Aleksandr Dulichenko">
Aleksandr Dulichenko

Aleksandr Dmitrievich Dulichenko (alternatively Alexander Duličenko; ) (born October 30, 1941 in Krasnodar) is a Russian Esperantist and linguist, and an expert in Slavic microlanguages. He carried also Kashubian studies. He is a professor at the University of Tartu in Estonia, where he is the head of the department of Slavic studies.
He is the editor of "Interlinguistica Tartuensis", a journal on interlinguistics published by the University of Tartu that published seven volumes from 1982 to 1990 recording the proceedings of colloquia at Tartu; in 2006, an eighth volume was published. 
A festschrift in Dulichenko's honor was organized in 2006; Humphrey Tonkin calls this volume a “particularly important addition to the literature” of interlingual and Esperanto studies.

</doc>
<doc id="21559802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559802" title="Baranowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Baranowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Baranowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 29.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559804" title="Bawernica">
Bawernica

Bawernica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 81.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559806" title="Bylina, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bylina, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bylina is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 59.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559808" title="Chałupa, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chałupa, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chałupa is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559810" title="Frydrychowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Frydrychowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Frydrychowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 17.
Notable residents.
Erwin Blask (1910–1999), athlete 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559811" title="Glinowo">
Glinowo

Glinowo is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south of Parchowo, east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 37.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559813" title="Grabacz, Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grabacz, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grabacz is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Parchowo, east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 19.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559816" title="Jamnowski Młyn">
Jamnowski Młyn

Jamnowski Młyn is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 79.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559817" title="Karłowo, Bytów County">
Karłowo, Bytów County

Karłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 7.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559820" title="Nowy Folwark, Bytów County">
Nowy Folwark, Bytów County

Nowy Folwark is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 18.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559824" title="Parchowski Bór">
Parchowski Bór

Parchowski Bór is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 1.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559825" title="Parchowski Młyn">
Parchowski Młyn

Parchowski Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately east of Parchowo, north-east of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 16.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21559826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21559826" title="Soszyca">
Soszyca

Soszyca is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Parchowo, north of Bytów, and west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The settlement has a population of 84.
References.
<br>

</doc>
