<doc id="21568442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568442" title="Norma Dawson">
Norma Dawson

Professor Norma Dawson, Queens University Belfast, is a Northern Irish academic, author and educator.
She was appointed to a lectureship in the Faculty of Law in QUB in 1976, and became a senior lecturer in 1988, and professor of Law in 1995. She was head of the department of commercial and property law from 1989 to 1994, and director of the Law School and Dean of Faculty from 1994 to 1997. She chaired the university’s central student appeals committee from 2000 to 2004.
She teaches property law and intellectual property law. She was awarded a British Academy Senior Research Fellowship for 2005-2006 to pursue research on legal history. Her current research interests are in the fields of trade mark law, property law and legal history. She has written and published books and articles in the fields of land law, charity law, trade mark law and legal history.
Affiliations.
She is also vice president of the Irish Legal History Society, and a member of the society’s publications committee. She has been a trustee of the Hamlyn Trust, a member of the Broadcasting Council for N.I., the Law Reform Advisory Committee for Northern Ireland, the council of the Society of Legal Scholars, and the council of the Northern Ireland Medico-Legal Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21568447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568447" title="Otto Quante">
Otto Quante

Otto Quante (2 April 1875 in Minden/Westphalen – 20 February 1947 in Naumburg/Saale) was a German painter.
Quante initially studied ophthalmology. However, he gave up his practice in 1907 and dedicated himself to painting, where he became especially famous for his portrayals of the day-to-day lives of vagabonds. 
He studied art at the Malschule in Worpswede, the Badischen Landeskunstschule in Karlsruhe, and the Munich Art Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="21568449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568449" title="Arthur Burns (police officer)">
Arthur Burns (police officer)

Personal.
Arthur Burns was born on 18 November 1917 at Darley Abbey, Derbyshire, and educated at Kedleston Road School, where he was the school swimming champion. He played soccer for Derby Boys and rugby for Derby Rugby Football Club, before going to the local technical college.
Police background.
Burns joined the police in 1939, continuing a family tradition which had been started by his great-grandfather in 1840. After two years he volunteered for officer service in the Army and did his training in Scotland, where he acquired the nickname "Robbie". The family tradition ended when his daughter, Lynne Burns, retired from the Police Force, as a Ch Insp in the Derbyshire Constabulary in 1996.
Military Service.
Burns enlisted in 1942, initially into the Green Howards. On completion of his officer training he was commissioned into the 1st Battalion Duke of Wellington's Regiment (1DWR).
DSO Medal - Italy 1944.
1DWR began an assault on 6 October. During the night the attack was stopped by the CO Lt Col Sheil, and 'C' Company withdrew under heavy fire. 'A' Coy remained clinging to its position near the top. Lt Col Sheil visited Burns, who had observed that the Germans were least alert in the early afternoon. Sheil agreed with Burns suggestion that this would be the best time to attack the Germans. A second attack took place at about 15:30 on 8 October. 'C' Company led the advance with 'A' company in close support. 'C' Company was held up by heavy machine-gun and mortar fire on the reverse slope of the preceding ridge and Sheil was ordered to get 'A' company through. Whilst Burns and 'C' Company's commander, Captain Peter Hassle, were assessing the situation from the exposed ridge top they were joined by Lt Col Sheil. A decision was made to have 'B' company lead the attack and have 'A' company move through them onto the crest. A burst of Spandau fire opened up on the three officers and instantly killed Lt Col Sheil and wounded Captain Hassle in the arm. Burns then took command of both 'A' and 'C' Companies and after some hurried re-consolidation the attack continued. Burns personally led two platoons in an attack on two machine gun positions on the crest. Under intense fire they took control of the ridge, wiping out the machine-gun posts in the attack. The enemy counter-attacked twice through the night of 8–9 October, but were repulsed with heavy casualties and withdrew to pre-prepared positions further north. Following the capture of Monte Cece the award of a DSO was conferred on Captain Burns. Private Richard Henry Burton, a member of Burns' company, was awarded the Victoria Cross, for gallantry, in that same action.
Captain Burns citation in the December supplement to the London Gazette read:-
""For outstanding leadership and personal bravery in the face of strong enemy opposition during the attack and capture of Monte Cece on 8th and 9th October, 1944. The capture of the Monte Cece feature was vital to the advance as the feature was strongly held by the enemy and dominated forward company positions and the main axis of advance. This feature was 759 metres high with sheer slopes near the crest. It rained throughout the 8th and night 8th-9th October - conditions were well nigh impossible over ground which at the best of times was precipitous and difficult. Throughout the operation Capt. Burns led his men woith courage and cheerfulness. He took every opportunity to wipe out known enemy resistance. He inspired his men with his personal courage in the face of the enemy. It was this officer's leadership and his initiative in taking control when his commanding officer was killed, together with his total disregard for personal safety which undoubtedly inspired the men during the attack and capture of the objective, which was essential for the successful continuation of the battle""
Burns served with 1DWR in Palestine after the war. On demobilisation, he returned to Derby as a constable, until his DSO ribbon was spotted by the Chief Constable. He was then promoted rapidly to command the Derby CID
Post World War II police career.
In 1956 he was hand picked to the Colonial Office for two years' duty in Cyprus as an Assistant Commissioner of Police during the EOKA campaign. He was awarded a Colonial Police Medal at the end of his tour. 
He served as Deputy Chief Constable of Norwich City, and later in the same position in Essex. He subsequently became Chief Constable of Suffolk.
Queens Police Medal.
He was awarded the Queen's Police Medal in 1975 and was appointed OBE the following year.
After retiring on 30 June 1976 he settled at Duffield, Derbyshire. He died in 2008' aged 90. A widower, he was survived by his daughter Lynne.

</doc>
<doc id="21568454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568454" title="Michael Halfacre">
Michael Halfacre

Michael I. "Mike" Halfacre is an American lawyer and Republican party politician from New Jersey. A former congressional candidate and mayor of the Borough of Fair Haven, New Jersey, Halfacre is currently the Director of the Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control within the Office of the Attorney General in the state's Department of Law and Public Safety.
Biography.
Early life and personal information.
Halfacre is a lifelong resident of Fair Haven, New Jersey. He graduated Florida State University in 1988 with a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree in political science. Three years later, he received law degree from the University of Dayton School of Law. Halfacre is married with three children.
Political career.
Halfacre was a member of the Fair Haven Board of Education, and a member of the Borough Council from 1995 to 1997. He served as the town's mayor from 2007-2011. In 2009, Halfacre announced his candidacy for the House of Representatives in the 12th congressional district of New Jersey against six-term incumbent Democrat Rush Holt.

</doc>
<doc id="21568464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568464" title="Mervyn Alexander">
Mervyn Alexander

The Right Reverend Meryvn Alban Alexander (29 June 1925 — 14 August 2010) was the 8th Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Clifton (from 1974 to 2001). 
He was born on 29 June 1925 in Highbury, London, the eldest son of William and Grace Alexander. In 1926 the family moved from London to Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Education/Priesthood.
He began his education at Bishop Wordsworth's School in Salisbury. He later attended Prior Park College, Bath, then run by the Irish Christian Brothers. He trained for the priesthood at the Venerable English College, Rome and was ordained Priest on 18 July 1948 in the Leonine College, Rome. He continued his theological studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University, Rome, and obtained his Doctorate in Divinity in 1951.
Returning to England he was appointed curate in the Pro-Cathedral parish where he served from 1951 to 1964. He acted as Chaplain to the Bristol Maternity and Homeopathic Hospitals. He also became part-time Chaplain to the University of Bristol in 1953 and was appointed full-time Chaplain in 1964. During this time he opened the University Catholic Chaplaincy which continues to serve students today.
In 1967 he was appointed as Parish Priest of Our Lady of Lourdes, Weston-Super-Mare, until he became an Auxiliary Bishop on 25 April 1972, and, on 20 December 1974, he was ordained as the 8th Bishop of Clifton.
Posts.
In addition to his work in the diocese he held a number of national posts. He was a member of the Vatican Secretariat for Non-Believers (1973 to 1983), and Chairman of the National Commission for Non-Believers (1973 to 1983), Vice-Chairman of the Liturgy Commission (1977 to 1983), and also Episcopal President of the Catholic Child Welfare Council (1976 to 1983).
In 1982 he was Chairman of the committee concerned with spiritual preparation for the visit of Pope John Paul II to England and Wales. He was Chairman of the Committee for Art and Architecture from 1983 until 1999, as well as Episcopal Adviser to Marriage Encounter from 1980. He presided at a Diocesan Synod which took place from 1987 to 1988.
From the early 1990s until 1999, Bishop Alexander was the Patron of the Catholic Association Pilgrimage Hospitalité.
During 1996, Alexander organised a panel to review the Neocatechumenal Way and later 
banned the organisation within the Clifton Diocese.
In February 2001 Bishop Alexander was recognised by the University of Bristol for his contribution to the life of the City and the University and was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Laws (LLD). The commendation speech was given by the then Bishop of Bristol, Right Reverend Barry Rogerson.
Retirement.
He was succeeded as Bishop of Clifton by Bishop Declan Lang on 28 March 2001. On retiring as Bishop of Clifton he served as Parish Priest of St Joseph's, Weston-super-Mare. Bishop Mervyn died on 14 August 2010 at St Angela's Home, Clifton.

</doc>
<doc id="21568466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568466" title="Daniel Pope">
Daniel Pope

Daniel Pope is a former professional American football player who played punter for three seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs, Cincinnati Bengals, New York Jets, and New England Patriots. He attended Milton High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21568470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568470" title="Duncan Ferguson (political activist)">
Duncan Ferguson (political activist)

Duncan Ferguson (January 1, 1901 – April 29, 1974) was an American sculptor and political activist.
Childhood and education.
His father, John Calvin Ferguson (1866–1945) had taken a degree in theology from Boston University before he went to China in 1887 on behalf of the Methodist Episcopal Church to establish the University of Nanking and became its first president. John Calvin Ferguson became an expert on Chinese art, and the owner and publisher of two Shanghai newspapers, "Sin Wan Pao" and "The Shanghai Times", while his career extended into the area of Chinese government service. From 1907 Ferguson and his seven siblings divided their time between China and Newton, Massachusetts. Duncan Ferguson was educated at colleges in Rhode Island and Massachusetts. He did some studies in economics and English literature at Harvard University.
First marriage.
Ferguson left Brown University where he had received a teaching appointment in the English Department and instead took a position in Harvard's Fine Arts Department. Around this time Ferguson married Mary Manley; they separated in 1926, and later divorced.
Museum exhibits.
Following a psychological crisis (in 1924 he attempted suicide and was hospitalized; in his later life he sometimes would exhibit suicidal behaviour and threaten suicide) he eventually became established as a sculptor of distinction, creating a large number of works of sculpture always remarkable for their classical serenity and great individuality. He settled in New York and his works were displayed at the Brooklyn Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, and the Whitney Museum, among other venues. In 1929, a one-man art show at Halpert's Downtown Gallery marked the zenith of his New York period.
In 1931 he married his second wife, Alice Decker; this marriage, however, ended when she left him in 1936. In the mid-1930s, he began an academic career joining Louisiana State University, becoming instructor first, then assistant professor (sculpture, wood carving, stone cutting). At that time he also received a series of commissions occupying him with architectural sculpture such as reliefs.
Political radicalization.
In 1939, he underwent some fundamental transformations in political thinking, social behaviour and personal habits. He became radicalized and labelled himself a Trotskyist. Ferguson would go on to translate, among other writings, Trotsky's
"Nationalized Industry and Workers' Management" (written in 1938)
He left New Orleans, where he had married his third wife, Demila Sanders, and moved to Gambier, Ohio. At the end of 1941 Demila went to New York, shortly thereafter Ferguson arrived there, and they took a loft on West 21st Street in Manhattan, New York. Demila and Duncan Ferguson met with such Socialist Workers Party (SWP) leaders as J. Cannon, A. Goldman and F. Morrow. After having rejected the offer to become chairman of the Arts Department of Queens College, he found employment at the Crucible Steel plant where he worked as a lathe operator. He became a union shop steward and a delegate to the SWP's national conventions.
In January 1944 the Fergusons went to Mexico on behalf of the SWP in order to take care for Leon Trotsky's widow, Natalia Sedova, who continued to live in the house Coyoacán, a suburb of Mexico City, where Trotsky had been assassinated in August 1940. Demila complained about the conditions in Mexico and left at the end of 1944; Ferguson followed her to New York. For many years he was an active SWP member, writing articles under pseudonyms and doing translations from French language material. In the 1940s he was a member of the National Committee of the Civil Rights Committee, for several years he ran Pioneer Publishers (the SWP publishing house) and from 1956 to 1958 he was managing editor of the "International Socialist Review", the theoretical journal of the SWP. Later he was a member of the National Control Commission of the SWP.
Among the few pieces of sculpture, which Ferguson completed after becoming chiefly a party worker, were busts of Trotsky and James P. Cannon. Demila ultimately left her husband and, after a period of depression, Ferguson began an affair with Laura Slobe, an artist and member of the SWP. Their affair ended after a few years and she died in 1958. By the mid-1950s Ferguson's health worsened, so that he had to abandon his job and live off dividends from stock left to him by his father, who had died in 1945.
Last marriage.
He married once again, to Cleo Bell, a ceramist, and became committed to making some artistic comeback. In the meanwhile he had settled in Cleveland where he advanced to a new and final stage in his effort to unify his political and artistic lives. Troubles in his personal life continued and his relationship with Cleo also ended in divorce.
Last years and death.
In the 1960s he suffered a large stroke followed by some small ones, causing severe neurological problems. He spent his last years of life partly in Cleveland, partly in Southern California.
In 1973 he discovered that he had advanced cancer. He went to California for treatment. He slipped into a coma and died in a nursing home at Santa Monica, California on April 29, 1974, aged 73.
Duncan Ferguson's papers are kept at the Archives of American Art of the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="21568472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568472" title="Frank Caws">
Frank Caws

Francis Edward "Frank" Caws (21 August 1846 – 8 April 1905) was a British architect.
Caws was born at Seaview, Isle of Wight, the son of Silas Harvey Caws and his wife, Emma Matilda (née Cave). Caws later moved to and settled in Sunderland, via London. Caws' buildings in Sunderland include the Elephant Tea Rooms, Corder House, Sydenham House and the terraced Holmlands Park in Ashbrooke.
In 1874, a competition was held for Sunderland Town Hall on a site in Mowbray Park. The design the committee most liked was by Frank Caws, but this was disqualified for exceeding the stated cost. The new design competition for a town hall on Fawcett Street took place. This competition was judged by Alfred Waterhouse and won by the little known architect Brightwen Binyon, who had worked in Waterhouse’s office. The competition were dogged by accusations of corruption, but the building was built.
Caws' other constructions include Seaview Pier, St Luke's Parish Hall, Wallsend and New Dukes House, near Hexham.

</doc>
<doc id="21568473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568473" title="Gertrude Michael">
Gertrude Michael

Gertrude Michael (June 1, 1911 – December 31, 1964) was an American film, stage and television actress.
Biography.
Born as Lillian Gertrude Michael in Talladega, Alabama, she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14. She became a singer on the radio. She attended the University of Alabama and Converse College, Cincinnati. Her childhood home in Talladega, Alabama was destroyed by fire in 2007.
In 1929 in Cincinnati she made her stage debut in a stock company. She subsequently appeared on Broadway in Rachel Crothers' "Caught Wet" (1931). She entered the movies playing Richard Arlen's fiancée in "Wayward" (1932), but her best-remembered role is probably as Rita Ross in "Murder at the Vanities" (1934), one of the last pre-Code films, in which she sang an ode to marijuana ("Sweet Marijuana"). 
Among her television appearances, Michael was seen eleven times on "Fireside Theater" between 1950-1955 and three times on "Schlitz Playhouse". She also made a guest appearance on "Perry Mason" in 1958 as Helen Rucker in "The Case of the Sun Bather's Diary."
She had an affair with writer Paul Cain (aka Peter Ruric). After they broke up, Cain wrote the role of the alcoholic lover (based on Michael) in his only novel published during his lifetime, "Fast One". 
Michael died, aged 53, from undisclosed causes, in Beverly Hills, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21568488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568488" title="Ruth Maleczech">
Ruth Maleczech

Ruth Maleczech (January 8, 1939 – September 30, 2013) was an American avant-garde stage actress. She won three Obie Awards for Best Actress in her career, for "Hajj" (1983), "Through The Leaves", (1984) and "Lear" (1990). The last was widely acclaimed: her King Lear was portrayed as an imperious Southern matriarch.
Career.
Born as Ruth Sophia Reinprecht to Yugoslavian immigrant parents, in 1969 she changed her name to Ruth Maleczech (her mother's maiden name was Maletiç). Her first encounter with theater was as a witch in a class play at the age of eight, and performed in "Blithe Spirit" and "The Taming of the Shrew" in high school. In San Francisco, Maleczech played Emily in "Our Town" and worked backstage at the Actors Workshop. She took acting classes with Ronnie Davis, head of the San Francisco Mime Troupe, her first exposure to nontraditional dramatic forms.
Soon she left for New York, and eventually to Europe, where, at the Berliner Ensemble, she came into contact with the avant-garde. She also lived in Turkey, Morocco, Rhodes, and Paris. In Paris, Maleczech worked dubbing the voice of film actress Catherine Deneuve. Maleczech and her husband Lee Breuer helped create the Mabou Mines, an avant-garde theatre company, with David Warrilow, JoAnne Akalaitis and Philip Glass. In 2008, she was awarded a grant from the Foundation for Contemporary Arts Grants to Artists Award. In 2009 she won a Fellow Award in Theater Arts from United States Artists.
She also appeared in "The Crucible" and in "Anna", along with other roles in film and television, but her preferred medium was always stage.
Death.
Ruth Maleczech died at age 74 from cancer in Brooklyn. She is survived by her husband Lee, their son Lute, their daughter Clove, as well as her brother and her sister.

</doc>
<doc id="21568490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568490" title="Hyperdeformation">
Hyperdeformation

In nuclear physics, hyperdeformation is theoretically predicted states of an atomic nucleus with extremely elongated shape and very high angular momentum. Less elongated states, superdeformation, has been well observed, but the experimental evidence for hyperdeformation is more limited. Hyperdeformed states correspond to an axis ratio of 3:1. They would be caused by a third minimum in the Potential energy surface, the second causing superdeformation and the first minimum being normal deformation. Hyperdeformation is predicted to be found in 107Cd.

</doc>
<doc id="21568493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568493" title="Shara L. Aranoff">
Shara L. Aranoff

Shara L. Aranoff was the Chairman of the U.S. International Trade Commission from 2005 to 2014. Aranoff was nominated to the Commission by President George W. Bush on April 27, 2005 for the term ending December 16, 2012. Her nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on July 29, 2005, and she was sworn in as a member of the Commission on September 6, 2005. President Bush designated her Vice Chairman of the ITC for the term June 17, 2006 through June 16, 2008. He subsequently named her Chairman for the term June 17, 2008, through June 16, 2010.
Prior to her appointment Aranoff was Senior International Trade Counsel on the Democratic staff of the U.S. Senate Committee on Finance, where she was responsible for legislative and policy issues on international trade and investment, including the Trade Act of 2002; negotiations involving the World Trade Organization, the Free Trade Area of the Americas, and numerous free trade agreements; trade remedy laws; Trade Adjustment Assistance; and trade-related environment and labor issues. 
From June 1993 until her Senate Finance Committee appointment in January 2001, she served as an Attorney-Advisor in the Office of the General Counsel at the U.S. International Trade Commission. Earlier in her career, Shara Aranoff was an Associate at the Washington, D.C. law firm of Steptoe & Johnson, specializing in international trade and public international law. Prior to that, she served as a judicial clerk for the Honorable Herbert P. Wilkins, Associate Justice, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. 
Chairman Aranoff holds a bachelor of arts degree, from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. She received her J.D. from Harvard Law School. She attended the Graduate Institute of International Studies, in Geneva, Switzerland as a Fulbright Scholar from 1984-1985. 
Originally from Framingham, Massachusetts, Aranoff is married to David Korn; they have two children and reside in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21568504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568504" title="Mathieu Faye">
Mathieu Faye

Mathieu Faye (born 27 July 1958) is a former Senegalese basketball player. Faye competed for Senegal at the 1980 Summer Olympics, where he scored 57 points in 6 games. He won the 1983 Korać Cup with France's CSP Limoges basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="21568520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568520" title="Inga-Stina Ewbank">
Inga-Stina Ewbank

Professor Inga-Stina Ewbank SBS (13 June 1932 – 7 June 2004) was a Swedish-born academic and educator in Great Britain, Munich, Hong Kong and the United States, as well as an author and translator. She is believed to have been to date the only holder of an English chair of English Literature to have spoken no English until the age of 19 (in her case, having spoken only Swedish until that time).
Born as Inga-Stina Ekeblad, she attended school in Gothenburg before winning a scholarship to Carleton College, Minnesota. After graduating she had a string of research appointments: at Sheffield University (MA), at Liverpool University (as William Noble Fellow) from 1955 to 1957, and at the Shakespeare Institute of Birmingham University from 1957 to 1960. During the later part of this period she taught at the University of Munich.
She returned to Liverpool as Lecturer in 1960, and was promoted to a Senior Lecturership in 1970. Her interest in women's literature was demonstrated by "Their Proper Sphere: a study of the Brontë sisters as early-Victorian female novelists" (1966). In 1972 she became Reader in English literature at Bedford College, London.
In 1985 Professor Ewbank accepted a chair at the University of Leeds. Greatly in demand as a lecturer and at overseas conferences, she travelled widely, with spells as a visiting scholar at Harvard University and other American universities. From 1982 to 1997 she was a member of the University Grants Committee for the University of Hong Kong.
She was recognized as a scholar of Ibsen's works and worked increasingly in both England and Norway during the later part of her life.
Death.
She died in London on 7 June 2004, a week before her 72nd birthday.
Family.
In 1959 she married Roger Ewbank; they had one son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="21568533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568533" title="Arland Ussher">
Arland Ussher

Percival "Percy" Arland Ussher (b. 1899 - d. 1980) was an Anglo-Irish academic, essayist and translator.
Born in Battersea, London, he studied at Cambridge University for some time. In 1926 he published a translation of "The Midnight Court" ("Cúirt an Mheán-Oíche") by the Irish Gaelic-language poet, Brian Merriman.
He published "The Face and Mind of Ireland" (1949) and "Three Great Irishmen" (1952), a comparative study of Shaw, Yeats, and Joyce.
He moved to County Waterford to manage the family farm before moving to Dublin in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="21568538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568538" title="St Peter's Church, Derby">
St Peter's Church, Derby

St Peter's in the City is a Church of England parish church in the city of Derby, UK. It is one of Derby's city centre churches which is in full use for worship. The church building dates from the 11th century and recently celebrated its 950th anniversary. The tower has a peal of eight bells, which are rung before the Sunday morning services.
Church History.
First recorded around the reign of Edward the Confessor, around 1042 onwards, the church is recorded, along with three other churches in Derby, in the Domesday Book of 1086.
In 1137 the church came under the jurisdiction of the Abbots of nearby Darley Abbey until the mid 17th century and the dissolution of the monasteries. Rebuilding in 1338 instigated by the first curate, John de Crich, saw the south aisle and Chantry added. Although significantly rebuilt around 1350 in the decorated style the church retains Norman features at the eastern end of the church on the east wall of the nave and the arcade responds. Five light windows survive in the south and north aisles from the 14th century. The church is the only medieval church remaining in the city centre.
The original high-pitched roof was lowered in 1509, the walls over the nave arcades raised and clerestory windows inserted. The chancel arch was widened and the east end was shortened by a bay and a new east window installed. The tower was also rebuilt at this time. The bells, a familiar sound to Derbians, were cast and hung around 1636 and are still in regular use, one having never needed recasting.
The late 18th century saw galleries added to the nave but, in 1852 the chancel was restored and the pews, along with the impropriator's (lay rector's, see Chancel repair liability) gallery removed. Plaster was also removed and old roof timbers exposed. In the same decade the chancel and aisles were again restored and the large galleries at the west end of the nave removed. 1865 saw the south porch removed, the organ chamber made at the east end of the north aisle. In 1898, the west end of church and tower rebuilt were entirely rebuilt with great sympathy for the existing ancient east end of the church. In 1970, the present church and parish rooms, including meeting rooms, coffee rooms, office, kitchen and toilet facilities were added to the west end below the tower.
Historic Events.
The Black Death visited Derby in 1349. A third of the population died, including sixty clergy, one of whom was the vicar of St Peter's.
In 1530 Robert Liversage established a chapel for divine service. Each Friday, thirteen poor men and women were paid a silver penny for attending. People fought to be among the thirteen. The Liversage Almshouses are nearby on London Road, the vicar and churchwardens being ex-officio trustees because Robert Liversage’s 1531 will bequeathed most of his property to benefit the parish poor.
Joan Waste, a St Peter's parishioner and blind rope maker, was tried for heresy at what is now Derby Cathedral in 1556. She refused to deny her faith and was burned at the stake at Windmill Pit near Burton Road.
The plague again broke out in Derby in 1586, starting in St Peter's parish.
Around 1650, Oliver Cromwell stole an Elizabethan chair that had been presented to St Peter’s in 1593. Amazingly, the chair was discovered at auction in 1960, and a churchwarden was able to negotiate its return.
Robert Bakewell, the British metalsmith, who died in 1752, is buried in the churchyard.
William Cowper is said to have written, in 1768, the hymn "Hark my Soul it is the Lord" in the upper vestry at St Peter's.
St Peter's today.
During 2010, St Peter's Church raised £6,000 to rehouse and display the Florence Nightingale stained glass window in a back-lit position at the west of the north aisle. The window was originally commissioned in the late 1950s for the chapel at the Derbyshire Royal Infirmary, which has moved operations to Mickleover and is due for redevelopment. On 9 October 2010, the church rededicated the window in a service featuring the Hospital Choir and the Rolls Royce Male Voice Choir with original music by Dana and Anne de Waal. The Rt Rev Alastair Redfern, Bishop of Derby, presided. 
Although thought was given to closing the church because of small congregations in the late 1960s, the church now plays an important and active role in the City of Derby. In the summer of 2011, the second Derby BID (Business Improvement District) was formed with St Peter's Church at its geographical centre. The St Peter's Quarter exists to promote and enhance the area, as does the nearby Cathedral Quarter, Derby. Early in 2012, the church was enhanced to continue serving the community as it has for a thousand years. The improvements have enabled the church, as a building and a mission, to offer the St. Peter's Quarter, and the city as a whole, a variety of services. Derby City Chaplaincy uses St. Peter's as its central hub. The innovative "Christmas Lunch on Jesus" project has, for the last three years, provided many Derby families with a Christmas hamper delivered to their door.

</doc>
<doc id="21568544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568544" title="George Montgomerie, 15th Earl of Eglinton">
George Montgomerie, 15th Earl of Eglinton

George Arnulph Montgomerie, 15th Earl of Eglinton, 3rd Earl of Winton (23 February 1848 - 10 August 1919) was the third and youngest son of Archibald Montgomerie, 13th Earl of Eglinton and his first wife Theresa Newcomen.
Family.
Lord Eglinton married Janet Lucretia Cuninghame on 13 November 1873. They had several children:
Lord Eglinton died on 10 August 1919, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="21568546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568546" title="Ron Lewis (wide receiver)">
Ron Lewis (wide receiver)

Ronald Alexander Lewis is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Green Bay Packers in the National Football League. He graduated from William M. Raines High School in 1986 in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21568548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568548" title="QBS">
QBS

QBS, is a Japanese sub-unit of South Korean girl group T-ara, formed by in 2013. The sub-group consists of three members: Qri, Boram, Soyeon.
History.
In April 2013, T-ara's agency Core Contents Media formed a South Korean sub-group T-ara N4 consisting of members Eunjung, Areum, Jiyeon and Hyomin. Shortly after, it was announced that T-ara would form a Japanese sub-unit called QBS, consisting of the remaining members. The sub-group will focus on the Japanese market, and will release their debut single on June 26, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21568567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568567" title="Jair Reinoso">
Jair Reinoso

Jair Alexander Reinoso Moreno (born 7 June 1985 in Cali, Colombia) is a Colombian football striker currently playing for Chilean first division club Cobreloa.
Early years.
At 15 years of age he migrated to the United States, and although he had had a passion for soccer since childhood, it was there that he began to realize his goals and came to be recognized at an international level.
First division debut.
His debut in the first division came with Bolivian club Bolívar in the year 2008. Although he had been already a player for Tiro Federal in the Argentine first division, he didn't have the opportunity to make his debut in an official game.

</doc>
<doc id="21568575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568575" title="Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Animated Film">
Kansas City Film Critics Circle Award for Best Animated Film


</doc>
<doc id="21568576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568576" title="Kez McCorvey">
Kez McCorvey

Kezarrick Montines McCorvey is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for three seasons for the Detroit Lions (1995–1997). Although a standout wideout in college for the FSU Seminoles, Mccorvery was used primarily on special teams in the NFL and amassed only 2 career receptions (both in 1997). Kez McCorvey caught 192 passes from 1991–94, which is the second highest total in school history. His junior season in 1993 was particularly memorable for FSU fans as it culminated in the school's first national title. His total of 74 receptions that year was the second highest in FSU history. A two-time ACC selection, he was named to a pair of All-America teams as a senior and was a semifinalist for the Biletnikoff Trophy as a senior in 1994. He had at least one reception in each of the last 32 games of his FSU career.
After graduating with a degree in sociology, he started his pro football career in 1995 when he was drafted by the Detroit Lions (Round Five, pick #156). He was inducted into Florida State's Hall of Fame in 2005.
Since 2012, McCorvey is the receivers coach for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21568594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568594" title="Anatoliy Eiramdzhan">
Anatoliy Eiramdzhan

Anatoliy Nikolaievich Eiramdzhan (Ter-Grigoryan) - the famous Russian-Armenian film director, producer and writer was born January 3, 1937 in Baku (Azerbaijan SSR).
His father was Nikolay Nikolaevich Ter-Grigoryan, an accomplished teacher of music and the piano.
Anatoliy Eiramdzhan's mother, whose surname was taken by Anatoliy, is Arevik Nikitichna Eiramdzhan - the grand daughter of the famous Armenian writer Ghazaros Aghayan
(1840–1911).
In 1961 Anatoly graduated from the Azerbaijan Institute of Oil and Chemistry.
In 1972 he completed a three-year program at the Screenplay branch of the High Course of Scripwriters and Movie Directors (conducted by I.Olshansky). After graduating he began writing movie scripts.
Anatoly is also the author of short comic stories. He was honored as a winner of the prestigious "Golden Calf award " from the "Literary Newspaper" for 1972 - 1973.
In 1989 Anatoly began producing films from his own scripts. The film studio NOVIY ODEON was formed in Moscow in 1992 by Anatoly to focus on creating comedies. He also took on the responsibilities of screenwriter, art director and film director. During his career at Noviy Odeon, Anatoly was responsible for the creation of twenty films.
In 1995 the publishing house AUTHOR, Inc. of Moscow published Anatoly’s first book, titled “The Ladies' Man and Other Comedy Films".
Anatoly’s films consistently receive very high ratings and have large theatre and TV audiences.
In 2006 the publishing house “GOLOS-PRESS" published his second book, titled "From Everyone One Thread".
Since 2003 Anatoly lives and works in Miami, FL with his wife Oksana and his son Koka (Nikolay).
External links.
Official web site Anatoly Eiramdzhan - http://www.noviyodeon.com/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="21568600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568600" title="William Bulfin">
William Bulfin

William Bulfin (1864–1910) was the fourth son in a family of nine boys and one girl, the children of William Bulfin, of Derrinlough, Birr, County Offaly, Ireland, and Ellen Grogan of Croghan, County Offaly.
He attended the Classical Academy and the Presentation Schools in Birr, and the Royal Charter School at Banagher when it was under head-mastership of Dr. King Joyce.
His maternal uncle, Father Vincent Grogan, was Provincial for the Passionist Fathers of a province that included a monastery in Buenos Aires, Argentina. William Bulfin, the younger, emigrated to Argentina in 1884, with his elder brother, Peter. But they turned their backs on the city, and moved on out to the pampas.
Hundreds of Irish emigrants from Counties Longford and Westmeath had already settled the Argentine. They had with them letters of introduction to the Passionist Fathers in Buenos Aires. The Bulfins went to the ranch (estancia) of one of these, Juan Dowling, a native of County Longford. There he met the woman whom he would eventually marry, Anne O’Rourke (originally from Ballacurra, Ballymore, Westmeath.
Out on the pampas his preference was for the company of either the gauchos or the Irish, and observing both his own fellow-countrymen and the hard-riding Spanish-Indian cowboys he began to write homely sketches and stories about their lives for "The Southern Cross", a weekly paper in Buenos Aires, owned and edited by Michael Dineen from Cork.
Years later, he wrote in "The Southern Cross" about the vanishing gaucho in a way that showed how closely he had observed and been attracted by the vivid pattern of life on the Argentinian grasslands. He had his ranch, and his horses and his work at trooping or marking or herding sheep, and he drank his anis or cana, and took his mate under his own fig tree, and gambled with bone or cards or on horseracing at the pulperías of all the camps from the Arroyo Luna to the Medano Blanco, and along the frontier from Gainza to Melincue.
In 1902, relocated to the city he had initially rejected, Buenos Aires, he wrote: "It was a train brought me back to Buenos Aires from the camp. I mean it was the train which gave me the call ... t happened that I had not seen a train for four years ... I went to a certain railway station one afternoon to send a telegram to Buenos Aires, and while I was there the train came in. I do not know whether it was the engine, or a look at the passengers, or the roar and rattle of the wheels, or all of these things together, that set the wheels of memory revolving. The city life of student days came back, the city began to call. As I galloped home it struck me that the camp was not meant for me, after all. It was telling me to clear out. ‘You are not good enough for me’, it seemed to be saying. ‘Go away, go back to your cities, and fair weather after you; don’t be afraid that I’II miss you or a thousand like you.’ And what the city said was this’ Come back. For four and twenty years at home and abroad you have been keeping away from me. But it’s no use. You cannot help yourself. You were born in the open country...but you are mine. You must come. I am the hag that men call the spirit of city life-ugly, selfish, corrupt, insincere, but I call you and you must come."
He also wrote "Rambles In Eirinn" in 1902: a well-regarded account of his travels around the island of Ireland by bicycle.
A year after his arrival in the city he was sub-editing on "The Southern Cross", and shortly afterwards he was both proprietor and editor of that paper. The sketches he wrote were published in "The Southern Cross" and also, due to his friendship with Arthur Griffith, in the "United Irishman" and "Sinn Féin". Eventually they reached the "New York Daily News". They were published in book form in 1907 by Gill Publishing.
He died in 1910; his children included Eamon Bulfin, an Irish republican and political activist following the Irish Civil War, and Catalina Bulfin who would marry Sean MacBride, the son of Irish nationalist icons Major John MacBride and Maud Gonne. He had three other daughters, Mary (d. 1930), Aileen (d. 1935) and Anita Bulfin (died 1923). His brother Patrick (d. 1916) was Lord Mayor of Dublin in 1870 and was father of the British General Sir Edward Bulfin.

</doc>
<doc id="21568613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568613" title="Tom Bailey (American football)">
Tom Bailey (American football)

George Thomas Bailey (February 7, 1949 – September 2, 2005) was an American football running back in the National Football League. He was a 10th round selection (256th overall pick) in the 1971 NFL Draft out of Florida State University. He played four seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles (1971–1974). After his professional football career, Bailey earned an MBA from the University of South Florida and then began a successful executive career in multiple industries; the consumer products industry, the wholesale pharmaceutical industry,and his own successful IPO and corporation consulting firm. George (Tom) raised two children; Erin and Thomas with his wife Susan O'Shea Bailey in the Dallas, Texas area for the majority of his life. He died on September 2, 2005 in Jacksonville Beach, Florida due to a massive heart attack and complications from atherosclerosis. During his tenure at Florida State University, Tom Bailey held and still holds some of Florida State University's top athletic and running back statistics which include the first touchdown in the inaugural Peach Bowl. An endowment scholarship in his name was created by Florida State University athletic alumni in 2010, this scholarship being awarded to future Florida State University athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="21568642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568642" title="Shevin Smith">
Shevin Smith

Shevin Jamar Smith (born June 17, 1975 in Miami, Florida) is a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played two seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="21568665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568665" title="Ekspres Lviv">
Ekspres Lviv

Hockey Club Express (, "Ekspres") are an ice hockey team based in Lviv, Ukraine. They are currently playing in the Western Ukrainian Amateur Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="21568674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568674" title="Steve Baumgartner">
Steve Baumgartner

Steven John Baumgartner (born March 26, 1951 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for seven seasons for the New Orleans Saints and the Houston Oilers.

</doc>
<doc id="21568692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568692" title="Central Island">
Central Island

Central Island, also known as "Crocodile Island", is a volcanic island located in the middle of Lake Turkana in Kenya. It is also the location of Central Island National Park, which is governed by the Kenya Wildlife Service. 
It is composed of more than a dozen craters and cones, three of which are filled by small lakes. The two largest lakes partially fill craters up to a kilometre wide and about 80 m deep, the floors of which are near sea level. The highest point on the dominantly basaltic island reaches 550 m, about 190 m above the lake surface. An E-W-trending chain of small explosion craters cuts the eastern side of the 3-km-wide island. Several small islands to the SE represent partially submerged crater rims, and other cones and lava plugs lie beneath the lake surface near the island.
The youngest Central Islands tuffs and lavas may be as young as Holocene (Karson and Curtis, 1992). Fumarolic activity is concentrated along the NE-to-SE rim of the central crater, and sprays of sulfur from the fumaroles were observed by visitors in the 1930s. In 1974 intense emission of molten sulfur and steam clouds were seen from the mainland.

</doc>
<doc id="21568711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568711" title="Courage Campaign">
Courage Campaign

The Courage Campaign is a progressive grassroots advocacy organization based in California. With more than 750,000 members, the group works on a variety of progressive causes, such as LGBT equality (including the repeal of California’s Proposition 8 and the federal Defense of Marriage Act) and economic issues such as health insurance reform, tax reform, and job creation. They also organize around California ballot measures, leading the online efforts to successfully pass Proposition 30 and defeating Proposition 32 in 2012. The chair and founder of Courage Campaign is Rick Jacobs.
The organization relies heavily on online and grassroots organizing methods, including email, Facebook, and Twitter. Courage’s EqualityOnTrial.com, founded to cover the "Perry v. Schwarzenegger" trial when the courtroom forbade live television coverage, is the #1 Google search result for “Prop 8 Trial” and has received over five million views and 150,000 comments. Courage Campaign has produced a number of videos that have gone viral, including “Fidelity, Don’t Divorce Us” a four-minute video featuring same-sex couples who were married before the passage of Proposition 8 in which each couple makes the same request of the California Supreme Court: "Don't divorce us." The video is accompanied by the song Fidelity by Regina Spektor and to date has been viewed more than 1.5 million times.
Their efforts have been praised by former Speaker and current House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), who said of Jacobs and Courage on September 22, 2011, “Rick knows this better than anybody – we can do just so much in the Congress with our inside maneuvering. Without the outside mobilization, we cannot do the best possible job. So thank you, Rick Jacobs, thank you Courage, for making the future better.”

</doc>
<doc id="21568744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568744" title="Gustav Mezey">
Gustav Mezey

Gustav Mezey (also Gustav Masirevits, 1899–1981) was an Austrian artist.
In the early 1920s Hungarian-born Mezey embarked upon an artistic career that would span more than four decades. His outstanding talent and pioneering spirit made him one of Europe's most recognised commercial artists of his time. Producing advertisements for several well-known companies in Budapest, Belgrade, Trieste, Berlin and Vienna, he soon specialised in large outdoor poster designs for the newly emerging film industry. From the early 1930s to the late 1950s, he created movie posters and large-scale portraits of movie stars in his unique paint/airbrush technique for most of the classic European and American film producers, including UFA, Terra, Tobis, Sascha, MGM and Rank Organisation.
During this period Mezey refined his bold, exciting colour compositions to a trend-setting and unparalleled level; yet, in his lifetime, Gustav's talent and skills were only seen as professional tools of advertising. His surviving original artworks have since become rare and valued collector's items.

</doc>
<doc id="21568751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568751" title="Equidimensionality">
Equidimensionality

In mathematics, especially in topology, equidimensionality is a property of a space that the local dimension is the same everywhere.
A topological space "X" is said to be equidimensional if for all points "p" in "X" the dimension at "p" that is, dim "p"("X") is constant. The Euclidean space is an example of an equidimensional space. The disjoint union of two spaces "X" and "Y" (as topological spaces) of different dimension cedes an example of a non-equidimensional space.
An algebraic variety whose coordinate ring is a Cohen–Macaulay ring is equidimensional.

</doc>
<doc id="21568764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568764" title="Swango">
Swango

Swango may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="21568771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568771" title="Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field">
Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field

Drayton McLane Baseball Stadium at John H. Kobs Field is a college baseball stadium in East Lansing, Michigan. It is the home field for the Michigan State University Spartans college baseball team. The stadium holds roughly 4,600 people and opened for baseball in 1925. The facility received a $4.3 million renovation in 2009. The field itself is named after former MSU baseball coach John Kobs, and the stadium facility is named after former Houston Astros owner and Michigan State alumni Drayton McLane Jr., whose donation allowed for the construction of the new facility.
The first official game in the newly renovated stadium was played on April 4, 2009. Spartan pitcher Nolan Moody threw a no-hitter against Northwestern University. It marked MSU's first no-hitter in 16 years.
The numbers of two former players have been retired by the Spartans and hang on the right field fence: No. 36 Robin Roberts and No. 30 Kirk Gibson, which will be added in 2012. Also retired is number 25, worn by coach John Kobs and number 1 worn by coach Danny Litwhiler.
Prior to the baseball team's usage of the stadium, the football team used it from 1902 to 1923 before Spartan Stadium was opened.
High school and amateur baseball games also take place at Kobs Field. It was the largest baseball stadium in the Lansing area until the completion of Oldsmobile Park.

</doc>
<doc id="21568774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568774" title="Worldcolor">
Worldcolor

World Color Press Inc. ("Worldcolor") (formerly Quebecor World) was a company which provided high-value and comprehensive print, digital, and related services to businesses worldwide. World Color and its subsidiaries printed various commercial products, including comic books, magazines, brochures, direct mail and newspaper inserts, and directories, while also providing clients a broad range of pre-press services, such as desktop production and assembly. 
World Color was the first printer to make comic book printing a major part of its business plan, and throughout most of its history was the dominant North American printer of comics and associated publications. During its history, World Color was also at the forefront of many new technologies and printing innovations, including use of web offset presses, "pool shipping," rotogravure printing, computer technology, digital registration systems, and flexography.
World Color merged with Quebecor Printing in 1999; at the time World Color was the largest printer of consumer magazines in the United States and the third largest commercial printer in North America. Worldcolor was acquired by Quad/Graphics in early 2010.
History.
World Fair Color Printing.
World Color Press was founded in 1903 by the owners of the "St. Louis Star" under the name World's Fair Color Printing. The wholly owned subsidiary was created to handle color printing for the upcoming 1904 St. Louis World's Fair, the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, and was expected to disband at the World Fair's conclusion. Instead, the company name was shortened to World Color Printing and continued as a commercial printer, focusing on a new business: the color "funnies" section of the Sunday newspaper.
Comics.
Robert Grable and Roswell Messing, Sr., two "St. Louis Star" senior employees, purchased the company in 1922. As the popularity of the Sunday color comic section increased, the funnies quickly evolved into an American institution, and metropolitan papers increasingly began featuring comic supplements. As the first major printer of color sections, World Color Press was often the first choice for printing these sections, and by the early 1930s, the company had printing contracts with newspapers nationwide.
In the early 1930s, realizing the sales potential of the comics medium, company management attempted to maximize profits by reprinting the funnies in magazine format, thereby creating one of the first prototypes of the comic book. While the initial "comic books" were simply collections of previously published editions of the Sunday comic strips, by 1936 they contained original material.
World Color made the most of the idea and quickly emerged as the leading printer in this new field. To keep up with ever-increasing demand, the company began construction of a satellite printing plant in Sparta, Illinois. Opened in 1948, the Sparta plant was the most technologically advanced plant in the industry devoted solely to the printing of comic magazines. 
Within five years World Color Press became the largest producer of comic magazines in the industry. Comic book sales boomed during World War II and the postwar period, and throughout this period, World Color was the nation's leading comic book printer. (Comics were the most popular form of newsstand magazine.) 
In 1956, the company installed one of the first web-offset presses in its Sparta plant. This innovative printing process, in which rolls or "webs" of paper are fed through rubber-blanketed cylinders, producing tens of thousands of impressions an hour, helped lead the industry into the modern era of print technology. By the early 1970s, World Color purchased more equipment and expanded their plants, becoming the largest player in the comic and newsstand special-interest publication market.
By the early 1980s World Color Press printed most American comic books, including those of the industry giants Marvel and DC.
World Color's dominance in the field led to a 1984 lawsuit by Illinois-based First Comics, accusing them of anti-competitive practices. The suit was resolved in the spring of 1988. In 1985, DC Comics named World Color Press as one of the honorees in the company's 50th anniversary publication "Fifty Who Made DC Great".
Diversification and growth.
The development of the web-press in the 1950s enabled World Color to further diversify into the relatively new product lines of web-printed newsstand and special interest magazines. Equally important to the company's growth during the 1950s was its development of the "pool shipping" concept, a distribution method in which publications from different customers going to the same destination were shipped together, reducing freight costs and increasing the timeliness of deliveries. By establishing the first major pool shipping network to newsstands, the company was able to expand its customer base by offering the lowest distribution costs in the industry.
World Color computerized many aspects of its business in the 1960s, providing the company with more efficient production and distribution capabilities, as well as the ability to perform more complicated printing procedures and reproduce more complex data. In 1969, World Color started construction of a web-offset facility in Effingham, Illinois, approximately 120 miles northeast of Sparta. The new plant was designed to produce magazines printed on coated paper with extensive use of four-color printing. Success in this arena led to a 1971 expansion of the Effingham plant that nearly doubled its original size. The 1971 addition increased the company's ability to produce large-circulation monthly magazines printed on letter-press equipment.
Responding to a need to increase the company's flexibility in scheduling presses, in 1970, the company standardized the make and type of its presses. This change was expected to result in paper savings, more consistent quality, and schedule flexibility. Though it was a short-term risk, the strategy paid off with its clients, enabling the company to become a stronger competitor in the four-color, high-quality magazine market.
In 1975, the company expanded its gravure division by constructing a plant between Effingham and Sparta. Further expansions in client-base led to the 1980 construction of another new plant in Des Plaines, Illinois. By the beginning of the 1980s, the company had emerged as the leader in the printing and distribution of consumer publications, with sales of more than $371 million. During the 1980s, World Color added seven state-of-the-art printing facilities, strategically located throughout the United States, strengthening the company's reputation for providing low distribution costs. In 1985, World Color Press was listed as the fourth largest printer in North America, with sales totaling $544 million.
By 1993, World Color's core business was magazine printing; contracts with hundreds of leading periodicals, including "U.S. News & World Report", "Cosmopolitan", "Rolling Stone", and "Forbes", accounted for approximately half of the company's 1993 revenues. (The company came to the aid of competitor R.R. Donnelley & Sons in January 1995, printing 300,000 issues of "People" magazine for Donnelley after flood waters forced the closing of a Donnelley plant near Los Angeles.) During this period, World Color expanded its operations into a number of specialty services: catalog printing contracts generated more than a fifth of total revenues in 1993, and represented the company's fastest growing division.
Business acquisitions and mergers.
World Color's early dominance in the comics market led the company to diversify, their first move being the 1928 purchase of another St. Louis-based printer, Commercial Color Press, which specialized in printing weekly newspapers and circulars. This diversification helped the company survive the lean years of the Great Depression. 
In 1968, World Color was purchased by New York-based City Investing, prompting World Color to move its headquarters from St. Louis to New York.
In 1974, as World Color shifted focus to the high-end magazine market, the company purchased Louisville, Kentucky-based Fawcett Printing. This acquisition enabled World Color Press to add the rotogravure printing process to its repertoire.
In 1984, the investment giant Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. bought World Color from City Investing, providing the company with continued financial backing. In 1989, World Color acquired Chicago's Bradley Printing, and in December 1991, they acquired California's third-largest printer, George Rice & Sons. In January 1993, they purchased catalog/direct mail printer Alden Press. With these acquisitions, in just a few years World Color became a major player in the catalog and commercial publishing arenas.
World Color pursued major expansions in 1996 and 1997, purchasing Ringier America and Rand McNally's Book Services Group, thereby becoming second in size only to RR Donnelley. In 1999, the company merged with Quebecor Printing in a U.S. $2.7 billion deal to create Quebecor World (USA) Inc., moving its headquarters to Montreal. At the time of the merger, World Color operated 17 production, distribution, and sales facilities throughout the United States.
Financial struggles.
Quebecor World entered a difficult period in the early 2000s as the market has gradually shifted focus to digital media. Quebecor World filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on January 21, 2008, at the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. In May 2009, RR Donnelley tendered an unsolicited bid to purchase Quebecor World; this was rejected as the company emerged from creditor protection in July 2009 (having changed its name back to "Worldcolor Press"). On July 2, 2010, Quad/Graphics purchased Worldcolor.
Locations.
By the time of its purchase by Quad/Graphics, Worldcolor had facilities located in the U.S., Canada, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, the U.K., and Peru.
Corporate Governance.
Recent members of the board of directors of Worldcolor were:

</doc>
<doc id="21568781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568781" title="Suzanne Falkiner">
Suzanne Falkiner

Suzanne Falkiner is an Australian writer. Born in Sydney, she grew up in western New South Wales and was educated at the University of New South Wales, Columbia University and University of Technology, Sydney. After travelling extensively and working in various publishing and editing positions, she currently lives in Sydney and works as a full-time writer.

</doc>
<doc id="21568792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568792" title="The Teen Tamer">
The Teen Tamer

The Teen Tamer is a British reality show series. It consist of an expert giving advice to families whose teenagers present behavioural problems such as drug addictions, aggression, alcoholism, etc. The Teen Tamer provides the parents with skills to diminish and change for the better the bad conduct of their children.
Episodes.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0867106/

</doc>
<doc id="21568826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568826" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Newport News, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newport News, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Newport News, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21568840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568840" title="Farmington Civic Theatre">
Farmington Civic Theatre

The historic Farmington Civic Theater is located in downtown Farmington, Michigan. The theater opened in 1940 and is still operating. The Civic is a historical site and annually draws about 80,000 to downtown Farmington.
History.
In 1999 The city of Farmington bought the Farmington Civic Theater from the Hohler family. The Hohler family had operated the theater since its 1940 opening. Right after purchasing the theater the City renovated, adding new seating, an elevator, a new roof and updated the lobby, concessions area, and restrooms.
Now.
The Farmington Civic Theater has a blade marquee and facade in shades of red and off-white. The main floor seats 275 while the upper theater seats 132. Seating in the Civic's upper theater is “stadium seating” style auditorium. The theater has daily showings of intermediate and second-run movies.
Location.
The Civic is located at 33332 Grand River Avenue in Farmington, Michigan. It is just east of the Farmington Road and Grand River Avenue intersection in Downtown Farmington. Surrounding the Civic are over 150 stores, restaurants and shops. It is also located just 10 minutes away from 12 Oaks Mall in Novi, Michigan. The Farmington Civic Theater is less than 30 minutes from Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="21568860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568860" title="Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel">
Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel

"Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel" ( - The Light and the Shadow) is the second album by the Israeli rapper Subliminal, in collaboration with another Israeli rapper - The Shadow. It was released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21568869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568869" title="Grandpa in My Pocket">
Grandpa in My Pocket

Grandpa in My Pocket is a comedy drama series commissioned by Michael Carrington for CBeebies, the BBC's dedicated pre-school and nursery channel targeting children aged 1–6 years. The programme stars James Bolam as Grandpa, who owns a magical Shrinking Cap, which initially only his grandson Jason (played by Jay Ruckley) knows about. The cap enables him to shrink to about 4 or 5 inches tall, run very fast, and bring objects to life. This allows him to experience many magical adventures which are told via voice-over narration by Jason, including finding a hamster under the floorboards, bringing a home-made robot to life, and driving Jason's toy car and biplane. The programme also stars Josie Cable, Zara Ramm and Sam Ellis. According to the BBC press office, "Grandpa In My Pocket explores the hugely important relationship between grandchildren and grandparents by turning it on its head".
Following the success of the first series, a second was commissioned in March 2009, with a third filmed in 2010. A fourth series was produced in 2013 with broadcast beginning in 2014. For the fourth series, Jason, who is now a teenager, has moved with his family into a windmill which they have opened as a hotel. Jason's younger cousins Josh and Elsie (played by Harvey Thorn and Sezen Djouma) have come to stay for the summer, and the two become the series narrators as Grandpa decides to let them in on the secret of the Shrinking Cap.
Production.
The first three series of the show was set in the fictional location called "Sunnysands". The exterior scenes were filmed on location in the towns of Southwold and Aldeburgh, in Suffolk. The Masons' house was in Crabbe Street, Aldeburgh. The pier and the lighthouse were in Southwold. The bike and other shops were in Walberswick.
The Mason's windmill for the fourth series is Cley Windmill, located in Cley next the Sea in Norfolk.
A similar idea was used in "The Dandy" comic in the 1970s comic adventure strip "Peter's Pocket Grandpa", which was based on an earlier prose text story called "Jimmie's Pocket Grandpa" which had appeared in The Dandy in the 1940s. This was parodied in the adult satirical comic, Viz, with its strip entitled Mickey's Miniature Grandpa, who only thought he could shrink, but lacked the actual ability.

</doc>
<doc id="21568897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568897" title="James Dugdale">
James Dugdale

James Dugdale was an Oxford academic and administrator. He was Fellow and Master of University College, Oxford.
In 1547, Dugdale become a Fellow of University College. He was Master from 1558, but only for a short period, since he refused to support Queen Elizabeth I with the Oath of Supremacy. On 17 November 1561, he was summoned to appear in front of the Royal Visitors, failed to appear, and thus lost his Mastership of University College. Thomas Caius was elected Master later on the same day.
Dugdale had been collated Archdeacon of St Albans in 1557 but was deprived of the Archdeaconry in 1560 because of his Catholic sympathies and failure to sign the Oath of Supremacy.

</doc>
<doc id="21568923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568923" title="Charles Borden">
Charles Borden

Charles Borden (1911–1968) was an American sailor and writer. Born in Oakland, he received little formal education and first went to sea at the age of 13. Throughout his life, he sailed extensively throughout the Pacific and South Pacific, earning the trust and acknowledgment of many on the islands which he visited. He circled the globe four times and crossed the Pacific numerous times in his 17-foot boat. Charles decided to settle down with his wife, Eleanor, in the early 1950s at Spindrift Point near Muir Beach, California.
The small house Charles and Eleanor lived in was modeled on the interior of a ship, and constructed by noted architect Henry Hill. Of this special spot, Charles Borden proclaimed "Thoreau has always been my bible, and the Pacific has been my Walden--until I found this place."
Writing Career
Borden authored numerous books, many of which detailed his sailing life and focused on skippers he encountered on the seas, both male and female. His books include "Oceania", "He Sailed with Captain Cook", "South Sea Islands", "Hawaii: Fiftieth State", and perhaps his most well-known work, "Sea Quest: Global Adventuring in a Small Craft". Borden also wrote articles for journals and sea-craft related publications.

</doc>
<doc id="21568950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568950" title="Drew Johnson">
Drew Johnson

Jason Andrew “Drew” Johnson (born 1979 in Johnson City, Tennessee) is a political commentator who was the founder and first president of the Tennessee Center for Policy Research, a free market think tank and watchdog organization based in Nashville, Tennessee. The center is a member of the State Policy Network.
Early life.
Johnson earned a bachelor’s degree in political science from Belmont University and a Master of Public Policy degree from Pepperdine University. Prior to founding the Tennessee Center for Policy Research in 2004, Johnson served as a policy analyst at the Alexandria, Virginia-based National Taxpayers Union Foundation.
Career.
As a libertarian and fiscally conservative pundit, Johnson frequently authors columns and commentary pieces that have appeared in such newspapers and magazines as "Wall Street Journal", "Human Events", the "Atlanta Journal-Constitution" and the "Tennessean". 
Johnson has been a guest on such television programs as "The Situation Room", "Hannity & Colmes", CNN’s Glenn Beck and "The Big Story" with John Gibson. He has appeared on radio programs such as the Mike Gallagher radio show, the "Sean Hannity Show", the "Glenn Beck Program", the Andrew Wilkow show and NPR’s "All Things Considered". 
In February 2007, Johnson’s charges that environmental activist and former U.S. Vice President Al Gore consumed more electricity in his home every month than the average American household uses in an entire year received widespread media attention.
Johnson left TCPR at the end of 2009. In May 2011 the Taxpayers Protection Alliance announced that he would join that organization as a senior fellow. During the two and a half years he spent with the Taxpayer Protection Alliance in both Nashville and Washington, D.C., he also wrote a weekly column for Newsmax. 
In June 2012, the "Chattanooga Times Free Press" announced that he would be joining its staff on July 1 as opinion editor for the "Free Press" editorial page, writing editorials and a weekly column. On August 1, 2013 the newspaper announced that Johnson was terminated for violating the newspaper's standards in altering an editorial headline. The conservative outlet stated the alteration was "inappropriate" and that Johnson did not follow normal editing procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="21568952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568952" title="Nepal Trade Union Congress-Independent">
Nepal Trade Union Congress-Independent

The Nepal Trade Union Congress-Independent (NTUC-I) is a national trade union centre in Nepal. It was founded in 2008, as the merger of two organisations, the Nepal Trade Union Congress (NTUC) and the Democratic Congress of Nepali Trade Unions (DECONT). DECONT had split from the NTUC in 1997.
The NTUC-I is affiliated to the International Trade Union Confederation, and is politically linked to the Nepali Congress (NC) party.
Nepal Trade Union Congress - Independent its name to Nepal Trade Union Congress from the decision of .

</doc>
<doc id="21568965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568965" title="Coming Home Jamaica">
Coming Home Jamaica

Coming Home Jamaica is a 1998 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago originally released on the Atlantic label and reissued in 2002 on the Dreyfus label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Bahnamous Lee Bowie guesting on one track. The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell states that "the whole album seems to have a relaxed, carefree, even at times lackadaisical feeling... this AEC working holiday is not going to push many envelopes".
Track listing.
The 2002 reissue changes the track order and features three additional tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="21568984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568984" title="Henry Crimmel">
Henry Crimmel

Henry Crimmel (February 14, 1844 – October 10, 1917) was an American glassmaker who became well known in Ohio and Indiana. A German that came with his family to America at the age of eight years old, the American Civil War veteran started at the lowest level in glass making, and learned every aspect of the business. A skilled glassblower known for his glassmaking expertise and the recipient of two patents, he also worked in management in at least three glass factories – and was one of the co-founders of the Novelty Glass Company (of Fostoria) and the reorganized version of Sneath Glass Company. He retired with over 50 years in the industry.
Identity and origins.
In 1852, the Crimmel family emigrated from the Hessen region of what is now Germany to south Wheeling, Virginia. Wheeling had a German population that may have attracted the family. Immigrants from this time period often, upon arrival in the United States, would ride trains to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and then ride in boats down the Ohio River to settle in cities along way. An alternative route to Wheeling (from Baltimore) involved the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad and/or the National Road. Although Hessians had been making glass since the Middle Ages, it is not known if the Crimmel family members learned glassmaking skills in Europe. However, Henry Crimmel’s father and both brothers were also glassmakers. Germans were being recruited to work in glass factories during the 1850s. By the 1870s, family members lived across the river from Wheeling in Bellaire, Ohio.
American Civil War.
The city of Bellaire, located in Ohio across the Ohio River from the state of Virginia and the city Wheeling, assumed some strategic importance because of the railroads on both sides of the river and the fact that the Ohio River served as the border between the state of Ohio (pro-Union) and the state of Virginia (voted to secede from the Union). Bellaire became a staging area for Ohio and Indiana Union troops to cross into the South and move by rail using the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. There was some fear that rebels from Virginia would cross into Ohio through Bellaire. A training camp was located in the city, and numerous soldiers passed through the town to fight in the south. It is therefore not surprising that 17-year-old Henry Crimmel enlisted to fight in the Civil War. 
Henry Crimmel began his military career as a private, and finished as a bugler. By the end of the war, Crimmel’s cavalry unit was known as Company I of the 2nd Regiment, West Virginia Cavalry. During the war, the Regiment lost a total of 196 men that were killed, mortally wounded, or died from disease. The 2nd Regiment West Virginia Cavalry served in West Virginia, Virginia, and Maryland – including a battle in Lynchburg against an army under the command of Confederate General Jubal Early that involved a total of 40,000 troops. A battle in Winchester (a.k.a. Opequon) matched a total of 54,000 troops under command of General Philip Sheridan for the Union and General Jubal Early for the rebels. This Union victory is considered by many historians to be the most important battle of the Shenandoah Valley campaign. Crimmel served in the cavalry from 1861 until November 1864, when he was honorably discharged.
Glassmaking – the early years.
The Wheeling-Bellaire region was a good location for manufacturing because of its fuel and transportation resources. Bellaire (Belmont County) had coal, railroad service, and the Ohio River. Wheeling also had railroad service and the Ohio River. The National Road went through both cities. The first known glass factory for which Henry Crimmel worked was the Hobbs works in Wheeling, (West) Virginia. Glass had been made in Wheeling as early as 1821, and there were three “glass houses” by 1886. The Hobbs plant had a transportation advantage because it was located very close to the Ohio River. Henry Crimmel's brother Jacob also worked at the Hobbs plant, and there is a high probability that older brother John also worked at the same plant—simply because there were not many alternatives at the time. Many years later, one of Jacob Crimmel's American Flint magazine articles described working for the Hobbs Glass Works in 1861, meaning that he was about 13 years old when he starting working there. In the 1860s, duties for youngsters just getting started at glass works often involved adding coal and/or wood to furnaces.
Natural gas was discovered in 1887 in the Findley-Tiffin-Fostoria area of Ohio, and this caused many of the glass houses elsewhere to relocate to be near this low-cost resource. The Fostoria Glass Company started in December 1887, and both Henry and Jacob Crimmel were considered important craftsmen in its early years. Crimmel recipes for various colors of glass are thought to have been used in the early days of this glass works. Several Crimmel family members were involved in the startup of this plant, and Crimmels were also stockholders.
Although Jacob Crimmel would remain with Fostoria Glass through its eventual move to West Virginia, Henry Crimmel became involved with Novelty Glass Company of Fostoria. Novelty was located on the original Fostoria site for the Buttler Art Glass Company, which was destroyed by fire in 1889. Henry Crimmel and his son, A. C. Crimmel were among a group of six listed as the “incorporators”. Henry Crimmel was the plant manager, while son A. C. Crimmel was the new company’s secretary. The works opened in early 1891, making items such as figurine salt shakers, punch bowls, cups, and other blown-ware. Glass bottles were also one of the plant’s products, and in 1892 Henry received a patent for a bottle and stopper combination that could be resealed but not refilled. The original Novelty Glass Company was short-lived: it became part of the U.S. Glass Company (as Factory T) in mid-1892, and was destroyed by fire in 1893.
Glassmaking – the later years.
Glassmaking was a family business for the Crimmels. Brothers John, Henry, and Jacob Crimmel were glassmakers, and at times two or more of them worked at the same plant. One of Henry Crimmel’s sons was a partner with his father in the Sneath Glass Company, and two grandsons also worked at the Sneath plant and eventually became part of management. Three of Henry Crimmel’s great-grandsons eventually spent time at the plant long after Henry Crimmel’s death, and a great-great grandson worked briefly at Indiana Glass Company. Both John and Jacob Crimmel also had children that worked in the glass business.
In 1916, Henry Crimmel suffered a stroke, and was forced to completely retire. Although he recovered enough to take walks around town, he also had heart trouble. On October 10, 1917, he died from heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="21568998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21568998" title="Typhoon Maria (2006)">
Typhoon Maria (2006)

Typhoon Maria (international designation: 0607; JTWC designation: 09W) was a weak typhoon which brushed the southeastern coast of Japan during early August 2006. The seventh named storm of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season, Maria formed out of a tropical depression over the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean. On August 5, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the depression as a tropical storm while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) kept it as a depression. The storm quickly strengthened into a typhoon the next day, reaching its peak intensity with winds of 130 km/h (80 mph 10-minute winds) early on August 6. The storm gradually weakened as it began to recurve, causing it to parallel the southeastern coast of Japan. On August 9, Maria weakened into a tropical depression and later into an extratropical cyclone before dissipating on August 15. Maria had only minor effects in Japan, mainly heavy rains which were estimated to have peaked over 400 mm (15.7 in) on the Izu Peninsula. One person was killed after being struck by lightning and six others were injured.
Meteorological history.
On August 3, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began monitoring a tropical depression located to the southeast of Minami Torishima Island. The depression slowly developed as it moved towards the west-northwest. At 1630 UTC on August 5, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing system while it was located about 740 km (460 mi) east-northeast of the northern Mariana Islands. Deep convection was present around the center of circulation but the overall structure of the storm resembled a subtropical cyclone. However, the storm was likely to intensify as it was located within an area of low to moderate vertical wind shear with favorable diffulence aloft. Later that day, the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and gave it the name "Maria"; a name submitted by the United States and a common Chamorro feminine name. Maria continued towards the west-northwest along the edge of a broad subtropical ridge located east of Japan.
As the JMA issued their first advisory, the JTWC designated the system as Tropical Depression 09W while located about 280 km (175 mi) east-northeast of Iwo Jima. Early the next day, the JMA classified Maria as a severe tropical storm with winds of 95 km/h (60 mph 10-minute winds) while the JTWC reported that Maria had just become a tropical storm with winds reaching 75 km/h (45 mph 1-minute winds). The storm also had a slight northward relocation. Tracking towards the northwest, the storm intensified into a typhoon and reached its peak intensity with winds of 130 km/h (80 mph 10-minute winds) and minimum pressure of 975 hPa (mbar) at 0900 UTC. Around the same time, the JTWC assessed the storm to have reached its peak intensity with winds of 110 km/h (70 mph 1-minute winds). However, the JTWC operationally classified Maria as a minimal typhoon with winds of 120 km/h (75 mph 1-minute winds) on August 7.
On August 7, a banding eye feature developed with deep convection around the eastern portion of the storm. Later that day, the storm sharply recurved towards the northeast and paralleled the southern coastline of Honshu. As Maria made the turn, dry air began to enter the system, causing it to weaken. Along with the dry air, wind shear began to increase and the JMA downgraded Maria to a severe tropical storm early on August 8. The storm continued to weaken as it came very close to landfall near Tokyo, Japan on August 9. Both agencies downgraded Maria to a tropical depression early on August 9, with the JTWC issuing their final advisory at that time. Maria remained a tropical depression for another 24 hours before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone on August 10 while located about 835 km (520 mi) east-northeast of Tokyo. The extratropical remnants turned towards the north and dissipated late on August 14 over the Sea of Okhotsk.
Preparations and impact.
Weather officials warned residents about heavy rains, strong winds, and high waves in the Tōkai region, Kantō region, Kōshin'etsu region, and the Izu Islands between August 8 and 9. Seven flights out of Tokyo at Haneda airport were cancelled due to Maria. The JR Ito Line, an express train line, was temporarily shut down as a result of rain. As Maria brushed Japan, it produced heavy rains over the southeastern areas of the country. Yokota Air Base recorded 38.1 mm (1.5 in) of rainfall and winds up to 34 km/h (21 mph). Parts of the Izu Peninsula recorded rainfall in excess of 400 mm (15.7 in) over a two-day span, peaking at in Tokyo. In Gifu Prefecture, thunderstorms associated with the typhoon resulted in a landslide that knocked out power to 510 residences. One man was injured and two cows died after a small farm was severely damaged by high winds. Flooding and landslides affected dozens of homes in Chōshi, Chiba, prompting the evacuation of 63 families. One person was killed in Tokyo after being struck by lightning. Five people were injured when a plane headed for Tokyo encountered turbulence produced by Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="21569004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569004" title="Martin Erich Philipp">
Martin Erich Philipp

Martin Erich Philipp (1887 in Zwickau – 1978 in Dresden) was an influential German Jewish Artist.

</doc>
<doc id="21569029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569029" title="Cameron Stauth">
Cameron Stauth

Cameron L. Stauth (born November 23, 1948) is an American author and journalist who is best known for his narrative nonfiction accounts of true stories, and for his medical books.
Personal life.
Stauth was raised in Monmouth, Illinois, where he was a student-broadcaster at radio station WRAM, working for several years with play-by-play announcer Joe Tait, who was later inducted as a broadcaster into the National Basketball Association Hall of Fame. Stauth was also a reporter for the "Monmouth Review Atlas" and the "Galesburg Register Mail". He graduated from the University of Illinois College of Media in 1970, and has since resided on the West Coast. He has been married twice and lives with his children in Portland, Oregon.
Writing career.
Stauth has written 26 books, more than 100 magazine articles, and the stories for two films. He has been editor-in-chief of three magazines, and was an entertainment industry columnist.
Newspaper and Magazine Reporting.
In 1970 Stauth worked as a public relations specialist for the University of Illinois Sports Information Department, and as a general assignment reporter for the "Rockford Morning Star", while beginning his career as a freelance journalist and author. In 1971, concerned by a friend's illness, Stauth began to research integrative therapies for cancer, and wrote about this approach in a number of magazines. He later served as the public relations director of Santa Maria Hospital in Baja, California, most widely known for treating film star Steve McQueen when the actor sought end-stage treatment there for terminal lung cancer. In the 1980s Stauth co-founded the health-products firm Quantum, Inc., and the nonprofit Cancer Prevention Society. He became Editor of the "Journal of the Nutritional Academy" in 1979, and Editor of the "Journal of Health Science" in 1982. He was also a contributing editor on health and healing for "Let's Live", and "The New Age Journal". 
His early non-medical work included being Editor of "Eugene", the city magazine of Eugene, Oregon. The small magazine published the early writing of 1986 National Book Award winner Barry Lopez, 1987 National Book Award nominee Randy Shilts, and 1995 National Book Critics Award winner Mikal Gilmore. "Eugene" also published established authors such as Ken Kesey, Milton Friedman, Paul Krassner, and Norman Cousins. Stauth was also a columnist on the entertainment industry for "L.A. Business" and "California Business". In the 1980s and 1990s, Stauth published articles in "The New York Times Magazine", "Esquire", "People", "TV Guide", "California", "Prevention", "Good Housekeeping", "McCall's", "Sport", "Avenue", "Inside Sports", "American Health", "The Saturday Evening Post", "Golf Digest", and many other publications.
Medical Books.
Stauth's first book, 1981's "The New Approach to Cancer", was one of the earliest to describe integrative therapies for cancer patients, and was among the first to present a comprehensive lifestyle program for cancer prevention. Some of the book's concepts were controversial at that time, including the theory that nutrition plays a role in some forms of cancer. Two subsequent books also generated controversy: "Brain Longevity", co-authored by Dharma Singh Khalsa, M.D. in 1996, and "Healing the New Childhood Epidemics", co-authored by Kenneth Bock, M.D., in 2007. "Brain Longevity" proposed a multifaceted treatment program for Alzheimer's at a time when the disease was considered to be largely untreatable. "Healing the New Childhood Epidemics" asserted that in many cases autism is strongly influenced by multiple physical issues, including neurological inflammation, toxicity, nutrient deficits, endocrine imbalance, gastrointestinal disorders, and infection, and that it can be better controlled and sometimes reversed when these issues are resolved.
Stauth wrote two other medical books with Khalsa, "The Pain Cure", which described natural biomedical and mind-body therapies for chronic pain, and "Meditation as Medicine", an examination of mental control over illness. Stauth also wrote books about weight management and fitness, including "The False Fat Diet, One Body One Life," and 2003's "The Starch Blocker Diet", a reprise of his 1982 book "The Original Starch Blocker Diet". He also wrote a book on the emerging science of happiness, "What Happy People Know", with Dr. Dan Baker.
Narrative Nonfiction Books.
Stauth's first literary nonfiction account of a true story was "The Sweeps", written with Mark Christensen, a behind-the-scenes look at the creation of NBC's 1983 prime-time programs, including "Cheers" and "Family Ties". It was followed by "The Manhunter", a book about the rise and fall of the U.S. Marshal's Chief of International Operations.
Stauth also wrote two narrative nonfiction books about professional basketball. "The Franchise" described a season in the life of a National Basketball League general manager, Jack McCloskey, whose Detroit Pistons won the NBA championship in 1989 and 1990. "The Golden Boys" was an unauthorized depiction of the 1992 Olympic basketball team, known as the Dream Team, a team that is widely considered one of the best teams ever assembled in any sport.
Stauth's most recent book, "In the Name of God", is the true story of the fight to save children from faith-healing homicide, and will be published on October 15, 2013 by St. Martin's Press.
Films.
Stauth wrote the story for and was a producer of "Because Mommy Works", an NBC-TV film released in 1994. The movie was based on a true story Stauth wrote for "McCall's" magazine, "Why a Good Mother Lost Custody of Her Child." The article and the film were about a working mother in Oregon who lost custody of her son primarily because she worked outside the home at a time when her ex-husband's current wife did not. The movie, starring Anne Archer and John Heard, helped advance the legal principle that working outside the home should not be recognized as an issue in custody cases.
Stauth also wrote the story for the Lifetime Television film "Prison of Secrets", a true story about Lynn Schaffer and other female inmates in Hawaii who were sexually abused by prison authorities. The abuse, including coerced sex and forced prostitution, occurred over many years, and did not end until media accounts triggered a trial in 1992 that resulted in institutional changes in the Hawaiian prison system.
External links.
Charles Barkley's Basketball Seminars, Cameron Stauth, http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/related/to/Cameron+Stauth/
Books by Cameron Stauth, http://www.goodreads.com/author/list/52200.Cameron_Stauth
Cameron Stauth books available, http://www.barnesandnoble.com/c/cameron-stauth
Books by this Author, http://authors.simonandschuster.com/Cameron-Stauth/1499916
Lysine Helped CFIDS Sufferer, http://www.altmd.com/Articles/Lysine--Encyclopedia-of-Alternative-Medicine
Stauth collectible editions, http://www.abebooks.com/Stauth-Cameron/author/2245228
Excerpt "Brain Longevity", http://www.dailyom.com/library/000/000/000000364.html
Video interviews Stauth, http://www.ovguide.com/cameron-stauth-9202a8c04000641f800000000af20c...
Article citations, http://www.connection.ebscohost.com/tag/STAUTH%252C%2BCameron

</doc>
<doc id="21569042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569042" title="Salvia pentstemonoides">
Salvia pentstemonoides

Salvia pentstemonoides (Big red sage) is a herbaceous perennial that is rare in nature and native to only a few locations in Texas, including the Edwards Plateau. The plant remains endangered due to destruction of habitat and browsing by deer. A severe drought in the 1950s may have contributed to its decline.
Big red sage was thought to be extinct beginning around 1946, until it was rediscovered by botanist Marshall Enquist in 1980 while shooting pictures for his "Wildflowers of the Texas Hill Country". At first, Enquist didn't realize he had taken a photo of an 'extinct' plant. He identified it as "Salvia pentstemonoides" from a guide book which didn't state that the plant was considered extinct. "Wildflowers of the Texas Hill Country" was finally published in 1987, without "S. pentstemonoides". That year, Enquist began thinking about adding some more wildflowers—including "S. pentstemonoides"—to a second edition. While inquiring about the plant, he was surprised to learn that it had been considered extinct for many years. In 1988, Enquist received the Donovan Stewart Correll Memorial Award from the Native Plant Society of Texas for his rediscovery of "Salvia pentstemonoides".
History and taxonomy.
The first written account of the plant was in 1845, when it was collected by botanist Ferdinand Lindheimer, who sent a sample to botanist George Engelmann. Engelmann sent it to Carl Sigismund Kunth and Peter Karl Bouché in Germany, who first published and named the plant in 1848. It was also documented growing along Salado Creek in San Antonio in 1849. The specific epithet "pentstemonoides" is frequently misspelled as ""penstemonoides"". The plant was originally named after an early spelling of "Penstemon" by Carl Linnaeus that added an extra "t". Since it was first described and named as ""pentstemonoides"", that spelling is considered the correct one. As the name suggests, the plant resembles penstemon.
Description.
"Salvia pentstemonoides" typically grows in limestone rock along seeps or creeks, reaching up to 5 feet tall with square stems, often with long basal leaves in addition to opposite cauline leaves. The leaves are mistletoe-green colored, lancelike in shape, growing in a basal rosette. Numerous flowering stalks grow from the rosette, with inflorescences that are 8-12 inches long, having whorls of loosely packed flowers. The 1 inch flowers are beetroot-purple colored, with a .5 inch calyx that is the color of red wine. The leaves give off a lemon-lime scent when brushed or rubbed, and are edible, like many red-flowered salvias. 
In cultivation, "Salvia pentstemonoides" likes fast-draining soil with limestone or ground oystershells added. It prefers morning sun with high shade, but grows well in full sun in areas of high humidity. Deep weekly watering is also preferred. The plant is hardy to about and easily propagated by seed; propagation through cuttings is possible and clumps can be divided provided it's done with care. It is very attractive to hummingbirds.

</doc>
<doc id="21569043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569043" title="Bill Scheft">
Bill Scheft

Bill Scheft (born February 15, 1957, Boston) is an American comedy writer and novelist. He is best known for being a staff writer for David Letterman since 1991, during which time he has been nominated for 15 Emmy awards. He ran a weekly humor column "The Show" in "Sports Illustrated" from 2002 to 2005. A collection of his columns, "The Best of "The Show"," was published by Warner Books in 2005.
Scheft is the author of four novels: "The Ringer" (2002), "Time Won't Let Me" (2005), "Everything Hurts" (2009) and "Shrink Thyself" (June 2014, Rare Bird Books). "Time Won't Let Me" was a finalist for the 2006 Thurber Prize for American Humor. Both "The Ringer" and "Everything Hurts" have been optioned for film.
Scheft is the nephew of the late Herbert Warren Wind, the legendary golf and profile writer for "The New Yorker" and "Sports Illustrated". In 2011, he co-edited and wrote a foreword for the collection, "America's Gift to Golf: Herbert Warren Wind on The Masters." 
Scheft graduated from Harvard College in 1979 with honors. He is married to comedian Adrianne Tolsch.

</doc>
<doc id="21569090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569090" title="Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley">
Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley

Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley ("née" FitzClarence; August 1796 – 10 April 1837) was the eldest daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom and his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan.
On 13 August 1825, she married Philip Sidney, later an M.P. and the 1st Baron De L'Isle and Dudley of Penshurst in the County of Kent.
She bore four children, three daughters and a son:
She died in childbirth in 1837, just after drawing a sketch of her ailing father. She was his favourite child and her death caused him intense grief. She was remembered as a woman of great wit, charm and gaiety.

</doc>
<doc id="21569112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569112" title="Lake Tahoma">
Lake Tahoma

Lake Tahoma is a private lake in the mountains of Western North Carolina, United States, in McDowell County fed from the waters of Buck Creek, located about 5 miles from downtown Marion. Lake Tahoma is a private lake in which there is a ban on speedboats and jetskis.
There is a local legend about a ghost that haunts the Lake Tahoma Dam. Not able to deal with her pregnancy, legend has it that, on prom night, a teenaged girl jumped from the dam to her death. Today, she still haunts the dam. It is said that on prom night if one goes to the dam and places his keys on the hood of the car and then walks around it, when he returns, the keys will have disappeared. Ghost or not, Lake Tahoma is one of the most breathtaking places in America.
Notes.
Lake Tahoma was featured on Apollo Creed Travels.

</doc>
<doc id="21569154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569154" title="Internet Symphony No. 1">
Internet Symphony No. 1

The Internet Symphony No. 1 - "Eroica", is a piece written by renowned Chinese composer Tan Dun for the YouTube Symphony Orchestra. It was the first of such events where musicians around the world play the same piece virtually via the internet, and the best performers selected were arranged into an internet symphony orchestra, featured on YouTube. In addition to submitting a performance of the Internet Symphony No.1 ("Eroica"), musicians were also allowed to submit a video of themselves playing one of the other selected pieces. The best performers were invited to play at New York City's Carnegie Hall on April 15, 2009, with all expenses paid by YouTube. Winners were decided by the most number of votes cast by YouTube users.
The symphony was 4 minutes and 3 seconds long, the orchestra was commissioned by Google/YouTube and the work was published by G. Schirmer Inc.. It was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra on October, 2008. Unconventionally, Tan Dun has included disc brakes and rims from automobiles as additional instruments. Tan also embedded a main theme from the first movement of Beethoven's "Eroica" Symphony, into his work.
The Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra, as a partner of the YouTube Symphony Orchestra Project, has created a Chinese orchestral version of Tan's Internet Symphony No.1, using the percussion instruments of the Beijing opera and ancient Chinese instruments like Bianzhong and guqin. It was rearranged by HKCO's Associate Conductor Chew Hee-Chiat, and conducted by Artistic Director and Principal Conductor Yan Huichang.

</doc>
<doc id="21569176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569176" title="Jimmy and the Soulblazers">
Jimmy and the Soulblazers

Jimmy and The Soulblazers (also known as Change and Clockwork) are an American soul and funk band from Alliance, Ohio. Since 1966 they have played for audiences across the East Coast and Midwest of the United States.
Career.
Signed with Kapp Records (a division of MCA Records, now Universal Music Group) in 1970 as Change, they released two singles. In 1972, they called themselves The Joneses, and combined their Motown and R&B with more rock songs and their own compositions. Although they were still performing as The Joneses, in 1973 they released a supposedly self-titled album of original songs and covers, "Clockwork" on Greene Bottle Records, a division of Famous Music. "Clockwork" was re-released in 2010, on the Homespun Records label.
Their vocals and musicianship have kept them a regional favorite for many years. In 2002, a new album, "It's About Time", was released. A mixture of Motown hits with a few lesser known soul tunes, it also featured the Soulblazers' longtime cover of "Goin' Out of My Head" a Little Anthony tune, "With A Little Help From My Friends", a Joe Cocker cover, and a cover of "Grazin' In The Grass." They also have added a horn section to their lineup. The band has spawned other groups such as Copperfield...Avenue...Agatha Brooke...PW Blues Band ...Sorge Brothers Band...and Groove Warehaus.
They have been the opening act for Martha Reeves & the Vandellas, the O'Jays, Smokey Robinson & the Miracles, Three Dog Night, Uriah Heep, Gladys Knight & the Pips, Sly & the Family Stone, James Gang, Jr. Walker and the All Stars, the Four Tops, Ray Charles, Frankie Valli, and Mitch Ryder & the Detroit Wheels.

</doc>
<doc id="21569177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569177" title="1924 Minneapolis Marines season">
1924 Minneapolis Marines season

The 1924 Minneapolis Marines season was their fourth in the league and final as the Marines. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 2–5–2, losing six games. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21569183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569183" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in York County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21569185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569185" title="Eccentrix Remixes">
Eccentrix Remixes

Eccentrix Remixes is a 1999 remix album by Yello. It was released on January 25, 1999 through Mercury Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="21569215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569215" title="Maltby Lake">
Maltby Lake

Maltby Lake is located on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia. It is located 10 km North of Victoria, British Columbia in the Tod Creek Watershed. The lake is the headwaters for the watershed, which eventually feeds the world class Butchart Gardens.
Maltby Lake is a pristine freshwater source in the middle of a semi rural developing area on the Saanich Peninsula on Vancouver Island. The lake and the surrounding area of pristine land hosts an abundance of wildlife, exotic aquatic life (including freshwater jellyfish) and one of the largest Douglas fir trees in the greater Victoria area.
For almost a century, until 2008, the lake and surrounding lands had been owned by a single extended family, which developed the property minimally. The first dwelling, an 1860s hunting cabin turned farm house, still stands. Motorized watercraft have been banned by the family since the '50s; the lake provides a potable drinking water source for the few residents there. As land taxes continue to rise (in the order of 500x in the last 40 years), the owners endeavour to maintain this idyllic setting.
Maltby Lake is the most important water body in the Tod Creek Watershed and possibly on the entire Saanich Peninsula. It contributes to the catchment area of Tod Creek which is estimated to be 22.8 km2 (8.8 mi2). Maltby Lake,
Prospect Lake, Durrance Lake and Quarry Lake are all in the Tod Creek drainage area.
Several studies have been conducted on the Lake, including a Camosun College Environmental Study, a PhD on Frogs and an ongoing study on the hydrology and hydrogeology of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21569247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569247" title="Pristiophorus">
Pristiophorus

Pristiophorus is a genus of sawsharks found in the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans. Members of this genus differ from the Sixgill Sawshark "(Pliotrema warreni)" in having five gill slits. Their rostral sawteeth lack prominent transverse ridges on the basal ledges, and the large teeth are not posteriorly serrated.
Species.
There are currently seven recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="21569266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569266" title="Sarye pyeollam">
Sarye pyeollam

Sarye pyeollam is a kind of practical guide written by Korean scholar Yi Jae (李縡 1680 ∼ 1746) of the Joseon Dynasty, which that records and describes important rites and ceremonies based on Neo-Confucianism. The title is translated into "Easy Manual of the Four Rites" or "Convenient Reference to the Four Rites". It consists of 8 volumes in 4 books and was published in 1844 by his descendant, Yi Gwang-jeong (李光正).

</doc>
<doc id="21569286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569286" title="Robert Rodriguez filmography">
Robert Rodriguez filmography

Robert Anthony Rodríguez is an American film director, film producer, writer, composer, cinematographer and film editor. He has contributed to many projects as combination of the six. Less commonly, Rodriguez has also worked as a second unit director, animator and a visual effects supervisor.
Despite being rejected from the University of Texas' film school due to poor academic promise of the Arts, Robert Rodriguez created his first 16mm short film "Bedhead" which opened many doors for him. Rodriguez then created his first feature length film "El Mariachi" which was picked up by Columbia Pictures. After directing the television film "Road Racers", Rodriguez continued work in Hollywood.
"El Mariachi", was the first of Rodriguez "Mexico Trilogy" that included "Desperado" and "Once Upon a Time in Mexico". Rodriguez continued working on several other film series including the crime-horror film hybrid "From Dusk Till Dawn" and the family-oriented adventure film series "Spy Kids". Rodriguez has also collaborated with film director Quentin Tarantino on various projects including "Four Rooms", "From Dusk Til Dawn", "Kill Bill Vol. 2", "Sin City" and "Grindhouse".
Films.
Highest-grossing films.
This is a list of the top 10 highest domestic-grossing films in which Rodriguez has written, directed, or produced, according to Box Office Mojo. This does not include films in which he had a minor role or appeared as a participant, according to the same site. Rodriguez's films have grossed domestically a total of more than US$590 million, with an average of $54 million per film.

</doc>
<doc id="21569309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569309" title="Frogner stadion">
Frogner stadion

Frogner stadion is a sports stadium in Oslo, Norway, which has artificial ice in the winter for speed skating and bandy. The artificial grass is used in the summertime for soccer and American football. It is located close to the Frogner Park, between the park and Majorstuen. One match, Norway-Belarus, was played here at the Bandy World Championship 2013.[http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?hl=en&sl=sv&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.worldbandy.com%2Fwcs%2Ftemplate1.asp%3Fpid%3D15%26mid%3D80%26pageid%3D85%26t%3DFrogner%2520Stadion]
History.
It opened in 1901, and was built by the speed skating club Kristiania Skøiteklub. In 1914, the stadium was moved to its current position, due to the 1914 Jubilee Exhibition. At the inaugural race in 1914, two speed skating world records were set by Oscar Mathisen, in 500 m and 1,500 m. In 1928, Oslo Municipality took over responsibility for the stadium.
Frogner stadion was the most important skating arena in Norway until 1940. A long series of championships were held at Frogner stadion, both in figure skating and in speed skating. A total of 23 speed skating world records have been set at the stadium (including some not officially listed). Seventeen of the records from Frogner are listed among the official ISU world records in speed skating.
Outside the stadium are statues of Oscar Mathisen and Sonja Henie.
Frogner stadion has been the venue for international matches both in football and bandy, as well as international track and field athletics competitions. The venue hosted the Norwegian Athletics Championships in 1906, 1911, 1912, 1914, 1917, 1918, 1920, 1922 and 1924.
After the rebuild in 2010 it also became the homefield of the Oslo Vikings American football, currently the second best team in Norway.
Speed skating world records at Frogner stadion.
Men's records.
In 1911, Nikolay Strunnikov skated the 5,000 m distance in a world record time of 8:37.2. This record was originally not approved by ISU, but is now listed among the world records. Oscar Mathisen set two records on 17 and 18 February 1912. The 500 m time was 44.2, while the 10,000 m record was 17:46.3. He improved his own record twice in 1913, first in Trondhjem and later at Frogner, and the new record was 17:22.6.
Oscar Mathisen set two world records at the opening of the new stadium in 1914. The time was 43.7 over 500 m and 2:19.4 over 1,500 m. In 1916, Oscar Mathisen set a world record over 5,000 m, with the time 8:36.3. In 1921, Harald Strøm set the record 8:27.7, and in 1922 he improved his own record to 8:26.5, both at Frogner stadion. Strøm's 5,000 m record from 1922 lasted seven years, the longest lasting of all world records set at Frogner, until it was beaten by Ivar Ballangrud in Davos in 1929.
In 1932, Clas Thunberg skated the 1,000 m distance in 1:27.4, better than the world record, but this time is not registered as an official record. In 1936, Allan Potts set a world record over 500 m, with the time 42.4, improving on Hans Engnestangen's time from Davos three years earlier. This record lasted only 12 days, when Engnestangen set another world record in Davos. Ivar Ballangrud set a world record at Frogner over 5,000 m in 1936, with the time 8:17.2, and this record lasted five years.
Women's records.
Several records from Frogner stadion from the 1930s are not listed as official world records. Those that are listed are Synnøve Lie's 50.3 over 500 m in 1934, and Laila Schou Nilsen's 49.3 in 1935. Verné Lesche set a world record over 1,000 m in 1934, with 1:45.7. For the 1,500 m distance, three world records set at Frogner stadium are listed: Synnøve Lie's 3:08.1 in 1932, Undis Blikken's 2:40.0 in 1934, and Laila Schou Nilsen's 2:38.1 in 1937.
Transport.
The stadium is served by a nearby light rail station on the Frogner Line; the station is named Frogner stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="21569313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569313" title="Geoffrey Douglas Hale Carpenter">
Geoffrey Douglas Hale Carpenter

G.D. Hale Carpenter MBE MA DM FRS (Eton, Berkshire, 26 October 1882 – Oxford, 30 January 1953) was a British entomologist and physician. He worked first at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and in Uganda, on tse-tse flies and sleeping sickness. His main work in zoology was on mimicry in butterflies, an interest he developed in Uganda and Tanganyika.
He succeeded E.B. Poulton as Hope Professor of Zoology at Oxford University from 1933–1948.
Biography.
Carpenter was a son of Philip Herbert Carpenter DSc FRS, a schoolmaster at Eton College, a grandson of the naturalist and physiologist William Benjamin Carpenter, and a great-grandson of Lant Carpenter, a Unitarian minister.
Carpenter attended St Catherine's College, Oxford, graduating in 1904. He then studied medicine at St George's Hospital, London, graduating MB ChB (the standard medical degree at the University of London) in 1908. He then joined the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and took the DM in 1913 with a dissertation on the tsetse fly ("Glossina palpalis") and sleeping sickness.
In 1919 he married Amy Frances Thomas-Peter from Cornwall. The marriage had no issue.
Career.
In 1910 he joined the Colonial Medical Service, where he worked in Uganda on the north shore of Lake Victoria. Upon the outbreak of World War I, Carpenter was called to service in the British Army Medical Corps. He was stationed with the troops at the border between Uganda and German East Africa. In December 1914 he was appointed Medical Officer at the fort in Kakindu, southern Uganda. As it turned out, he had plenty of spare time, and spent it studying the local butterflies. "The hosts of butterflies at Kakindu passed beyond anything I had ever see; some days are quite unforgettable".
From May 1916 to January 1918, he was located in Tanganyika (former German E. Africa), 200 miles south to south-east of Lake Victoria. Here he conducted experiments on palatability with young insectivorous monkeys. He tested the edibility of cryptic and warning colouration in insects. This was propitious, because later, back at Oxford, both he and E.B. Poulton worked on the role of predators in shaping mimicry. The standard theory was that cryptic forms were palatable, and aposematic forms were distasteful. Then palatable mimics of distasteful forms could gain protection from predation. The question at stake was whether the observations, which dated from work by naturalists in the 19th century, could or could not be accounted for by natural selection.
Mimicry.
In England, the geneticist R.C. Punnett, and in America the ornithologist W.L. McAtee, doubted both that birds could distinguish distasteful forms, and that their predation was heavy enough to bring about the colour forms found in butterflies.
Punnett's "Mimicry in butterflies" (1915) rejected selection as the main cause of mimicry. He noted:
For Punnett, none of these observations were explained by gradual selectionism. Instead he thought mimicry had arisen from sudden mutational jumps (saltations). Once a mimic was formed by mutation, natural selection might play a conservative role.
However, one by one, each of these objections were shown to be without substance. Evidence from field observations and experiments showed that birds were often the agents of selection in insects. Evidence that small-scale mutations were common arrived as soon as breeding experiments were designed to detect them: it was a consequence of experimental methods that early mutations were so noteworthy. Explanations for polymorphism were advanced by E.B. Ford and Dobzhansky and colleagues, who developed experimental methods for populations in the wild. The question of polymorphism is discussed further in polymorphism (biology).
The gradual coming-together of field observations and experimental genetics is part of the evolutionary synthesis which took place in the middle of the twentieth century. The small book by Carpenter and E.B. Ford, was the first book on ecological genetics, a field which produced a series of classic studies uniting fieldwork with laboratory genetics. The book is a minor masterpiece of evolutionary biology.

</doc>
<doc id="21569320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569320" title="Marcus LeVesseur">
Marcus LeVesseur

Marcus LeVesseur (born July 17, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the UFC's Lightweight division.
Background.
Born and raised in Minneapolis, LeVesseur began wrestling at the age of five and went on to become a four-time State Champion at Roosevelt High School, and spent his senior year at Bloomington Jefferson High School. LeVesseur, who was also a talented football player as a quarterback and competed in track and field, had a 141-match win streak heading into college, and holds the high school wrestling state record for most wins, including one over future Olympian and Bellator Welterweight Champion, Ben Askren. LeVesseur, who also excelled academically, was offered a scholarship to compete at the University of Minnesota, but transferred to NCAA Division III Augsburg College before beginning his freshman season for Minnesota. As a college wrestler, LeVesseur was undefeated and untied, with a record of 155–0. He won four NCAA Division III Championships individually, and was a member of two teams that won National Championships. Since his last loss in high school competition LeVesseur compiled an amateur wrestling record of 296–0 through his senior year at Augsburg. He is only the second college wrestler ever to finish his career unbeaten and untied, with a 155–0 career record (Cael Sanderson was the first with a 159–0 record). LeVesseur ended his high school wrestling career 141-match unbeaten streak, which when combined with his unbeaten college career was 296–0. LeVesseur also continued with football at Augsburg, breaking multiple touchdown and rushing records for the conference and school as a quarterback.
Mixed martial arts career.
LeVesseur made his MMA debut in 2003 against Doug Henkey. He won via KO 44 seconds into round one and went on to compiled a record of 21-5 while competing for regional promotions.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In April 2012 it was reported that LeVesseur had signed a four-fight deal with the UFC. He made his debut as a replacement for Aaron Riley against Cody McKenzie on May 15, 2012 at . He lost the fight via submission in the first round.
LeVesseur defeated Carlo Prater on October 5, 2012 at UFC on FX 5 via split decision.
LeVesseur was expected to face Michael Chiesa on December 8, 2012 at UFC on Fox 5, replacing an injured Rafaello Oliveira. However, the week of the event, Chiesa was forced out of the bout with LeVesseur with an undisclosed illness and the bout was scrapped altogether. Then on the day of the weigh-ins for the event, Tim Means was forced from his bout with Abel Trujillo after sustaining a head injury caused by a fall in a hotel sauna and LeVesseur stepped up to face Trujillo. He lost the fight via TKO in the second round and was subsequently released from the promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="21569324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569324" title="Carlson High School">
Carlson High School

Oscar A. Carlson High School in Gibraltar, Michigan, is located near mouth of the Detroit River at Lake Erie. It is a member of a school district serving the five municipalities of Gibraltar, Flat Rock, Woodhaven, Rockwood, and Brownstown Township. It is a member of the Downriver Consortium along with nine othercompetitve high schools and local community colleges.
The school has approximately 1200 students and 48 faculty members. The award-winning yearbook is called "Ebb Tide". The school features community programs such as School to Work and the Renaissance Program.
Sports.
Carlson has had recent success in their sports programs. The competitive cheerleading team team has won a total of six Division two MHSAA state championships (1995,2008,2009,2011,2012,2013). The boy's basketball team has recently won the Class A district championship (2012,2013). The girl's volleyball team also won the Class A district championship in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21569351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569351" title="Leave the Light On (Jeff Bates album)">
Leave the Light On (Jeff Bates album)

Leave the Light On is the second album by American country music artist Jeff Bates. Released on April 11, 2006 (see 2006 in country music), it includes the singles "Long, Slow Kisses" (a re-recording of a song originally found on his debut album "Rainbow Man"), "Good People", "No Shame" and "One Second Chance". Respectively, these reached numbers 17, 42, 45, and 59 on the "Billboard" country charts. Also covered here is Billy "Crash" Craddock's 1974 single "Rub It In".

</doc>
<doc id="21569361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569361" title="Frognerkilen">
Frognerkilen

Frognerkilen is a bay in the inner Oslofjord of Norway, east of the Bygdøy peninsula.
Its name stems from the neighbourhood Frogner, a name which was taken from a farm. It was formerly known, with Bestumkilen, under the name of Ladegaardsfjordene. This stems from older times, when Bygdøy was an island, named Ladegaardsøen. Bygdøy later became a peninsula due to post-glacial rebound, separating Bestumkilen from Frognerkilen. Propositions to reconnect Bestumkilen and Frognerkilen through a canal were made in 1928 and 1937, but not carried out. It was an important shipping port for timber in the 17th and 18th centuries, but today a large part of the bay is used as a harbour for leisure boats.
During the winter, Frognerkilen was used as a venue for harness racing—from 1875 to the 1920s—as well as speed skating in the pioneer days before 1900. A skating competition between Axel Paulsen and Renke van der Zee from the Netherlands on Frognerkilen in 1885, when van der Zee challenged Paulsen for his title "amateur champion of the world", attracted approximately 30,000 spectators. Kristiania Skøiteklub had Frognerkilen as its competition arena until Frogner stadion was opened in 1901.
Frognerkilen was also a popular site of boat sports. The rowing club Christiania RK had its headquarters at the mainland, in a locality known as "Kongen" ('The King'), whereas the Royal Norwegian Yacht Club had its headquarters at the opposite shore of Frognerkilen, in a locality known as "Dronningen" ('The Queen'). Frognerkilen was formerly trafficked by ferry; one ferry sailed between the railway station at Skarpsno and Oscarshall at Bygdøy, and the other sailed between Skillebekk and Kongen. Also, Frognerkilen was probably the site where "Fiskerlivets farer", depicting perils at sea, was filmed. Released in 1908, it is considered to be the Norwegian drama film.

</doc>
<doc id="21569386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569386" title="Pixel connectivity">
Pixel connectivity

In image processing and image recognition, pixel connectivity is the way in which pixels in 2- or 3-dimensional images relate to their neighbors.
Types of connectivity.
2-dimensional.
4-connected.
4-Connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their edges. These pixels are connected horizontally and vertically, or diagonally. In terms of pixel coordinates, every pixel that has the coordinates
is connected to the pixel at formula_3.
See also: Von Neumann neighborhood
6-connected.
6-connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their corners (which includes pixels that touch one of their edges) in a hexagonal grid or stretcher bond rectangular grid.
There are several ways to map hexagonal tiles to integer pixel coordinates. With one method, in addition to the 4-connected pixels, the two pixels at coordinates formula_4 and formula_5 are connected to the pixel at formula_6.
8-connected.
8-connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their edges or corners. These pixels are connected horizontally, vertically, and diagonally. In addition to 4-Connected pixels, each pixel with coordinates formula_7 or formula_8 is connected to the pixel at formula_6.
See also: Moore neighborhood
3-dimensional.
6-connected.
6-connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their faces. These pixels are connected along one of the primary axes. Each pixel with coordinates formula_10, formula_11, or formula_12 is connected to the pixel at formula_13.
18-connected.
18-connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their faces or edges. These pixels are connected along either one or two of the primary axes. In addition to 6-Connected pixels, each pixel with coordinates formula_14, formula_15, formula_16, formula_17, formula_18, or formula_19 is connected to the pixel at formula_13.
26-connected.
26-connected pixels are neighbors to every pixel that touches one of their faces, edges, or corners. These pixels are connected along either one, two, or all three of the primary axes. In addition to 18-Connected pixels, each pixel with coordinates formula_21, formula_22, formula_23, or formula_24 is connected to the pixel at formula_13.

</doc>
<doc id="21569389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569389" title="Lynne Mapp Drexler">
Lynne Mapp Drexler

Lynne Drexler (1928 – 1999) was an American abstract and representational artist, who was a painter and photographer.
Early life and education.
Lynne Drexler was born and raised in the Newport News, Virginia area. Her parents were Lynne P. and Norman E. Drexler, who was a manager at a public utility. At the age of 11 she was an only child and had been living in Raleigh Terrace, Elizabeth City (now Hampton), Virginia. She began painting as a child. Later, Drexler took art classes in Virginia at the Richmond Professional Institute and at the College of William and Mary. She moved to New York City in the mid to late 1950s to further her study art under Robert Motherwell at Hunter College and Hans Hofmann, under their tutelage she developed an interest in Abstract Expressionism. Motherwell taught her composition and draftsmanship techniques and the philosophy "that to be an artist meant first and foremost that one had to create work worthy of attention". Her tendency to create vibrant paintings using a free brush stroke was influenced by Hofman and the work of Henri Matisse. Hofman also introduced the notion that composition is influenced by color, which he called the "push-pull" concept.
Adulthood.
Cosmopolitan life.
In the late 1950s she was an abstract expressionist and was "counted among an important group of women artists whose figural and landscape works were often overlooked during the heyday of post-abstract expressionist modernism - artists such as Jane Freilicher, Lois Dodd, and Jane Wilson."
She was a devotee of classical music, attending up to 3 opera performances each week, and would often go to opera and symphony performances with a sketchpad and colored crayons in hand to make sketches inspired by the music. Drexler's Pattern and Decoration embroidery and patchwork influenced some of her later works, similar designs often appeared in her painting's backgrounds.
In 1961 Drexler met fellow artist John Hultberg at The Artist's Club in New York. Artists there discussed abstract expressionism and it was there she met accomplished artists. Through their connections she had her first solo exhibition of 11 works at Tanager Gallery. Drexler and Hultberg were married and for three years traveled and lived in Mexico, the West Coast and Hawaii. They then lived at New York's Chelsea Hotel in the late 1960s. For six months, Drexler had a case of colorblindness and developed a severe case of depression.
Monhegan Island.
Seeking a relaxing environment, the couple bought a house off the coast of Maine on Monhegan Island in 1971 and split their time between New York City and Maine, particularly spending the summers at their island house. 
By 1983, Drexler moved year-around and permanently near Lighthouse Hill on Monhegan Island, an artists' haven off the coast of Maine, where she had spent most summers since 1963. The island people and landscape were the subject of many of her paintings from that time. Drexler's paintings became less strictly abstract and exhibited a synthesis of abstract and representational influences.
Drexler died December 30, 1999, living two years longer than expected battling cancer.
Posthumous exhibitions.
The first comprehensive exhibit of her work - showcasing over fifty paintings, photographic images and textiles - ran at the Monhegan Museum in August and September 2008. It then ran at the Portland Museum of Art from December 6, 2008 through March 1, 2009. The exhibition was organized by the Monhegan Historical and Cultural Museum Association. In 2010 her works were shown at the Portland Museum in 2010 until March 1 and from April 17 to June 5 at the McCormick Gallery in Chicago.
Collections.
Her works are in the collections of:

</doc>
<doc id="21569417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569417" title="Harlan Holden">
Harlan Holden

Harlan Ware Holden (March 31, 1888 – June 7, 1962) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 800 metres event.
At the same Olympics he competed in the baseball event which was held as demonstration sport. Holden was one of four Americans who played for the Swedish team.

</doc>
<doc id="21569434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569434" title="John Bettes the Elder">
John Bettes the Elder

John Bettes the Elder (active "c." 1531–1570) was an English artist whose few known paintings date from between about 1543 and 1550. His most famous work is his "Portrait of a Man in a Black Cap". His son John Bettes the Younger, with whom he is sometimes confused, was a pupil of Nicholas Hilliard who painted portraits during the reign of Elizabeth I and James I.
Nothing is known of John Bettes's life, except that he was living in Westminster in 1556, according to a documented court case. He is first recorded as working for Henry VIII at Whitehall Palace in 1531. Queen Catherine Parr's accounts for 1546/47 record payments to Bettes for "lymning" (painting in miniature) the king's and queen's portraits, and for six other portraits. Her new year's gift of 1547 to Prince Edward was a pair of portraits of the king and herself. Bettes has been identified as the designer of the engraved title-border for William Cuningham's "Cosmographical Glasse", printed by John Day in 1559. He may also be the designer of engravings for Edward Hall's "Chronicle", published in 1550, and of a woodcut portrait of Franz Burchard, the Saxon ambassador to England, published in 1560. In 1576, John Foxe referred to Bettes as already dead. An earlier second edition of Foxe's "Actes and Monuments" printed in 1570 refers to Bettes' death.
The identification of John Bettes's work stems from the inscription on the back of "Man in a Black Cap": ""faict par Johan Bettes Anglois"" ("done by John Bettes, Englishman"). The painting is dated 1545 on the front. On the basis of its style, four further portraits have been attributed to Bettes: two of Thomas Wentworth, 1st Baron Wentworth, (1549); one of Sir William Butts the Younger (154/3?); and one of Sir William Cavendish ("c." 1545).
"Man in a Black Cap"'s technique is reminiscent of Hans Holbein the Younger's, suggesting that Bettes may have worked with Holbein as part of his workshop. Nothing, however, is known of Holbein's workshop other than paintings seemingly associated with it. Holbein does not appear to have founded a school, and Bettes is the only artist whose work reveals his technical influence. For example, he paints over a pink priming, as did Holbein. According to art historian Roy Strong, "He is the artist who, on grounds of style, has the best claim to have worked under Holbein". On the other hand, Bettes's style is distinct from Holbein's; he paints fur more loosely and the beard more flatly than the German artist. In the view of art historian Susan Foister, on the evidence of this portrait, Bettes is "unlikely to have assisted" Holbein.
The recording of an artist's name on a painting is rare in this period. The addition of Bettes' nationality suggests that "Man in a Black Cap" may have been painted abroad. Since the work's creation, the blue smalt pigment of the background has turned brown; the painting has also been cut down along the sides and bottom, with the inscription reaffixed to the back. It has been speculated that the portrait may be of Edmund Butts, the brother of the William Butts whom Bettes painted. Both were sons of William Butts, a court physician whose portrait Holbein painted in 1543.

</doc>
<doc id="21569473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569473" title="Johann Traugott Leberecht Danz">
Johann Traugott Leberecht Danz

Johann Traugott Leberecht Danz (31 May 1769 – 15 May 1851) was a German theologian and church historian born in Weimar.
In 1787 he began his studies at Jena, where he had as instructors, Johann Jakob Griesbach, Johann Christoph Döderlein and Johann Gottfried Eichhorn. In 1791 he continued his studies at the University of Göttingen, and afterwards returned to Weimar as a secondary school teacher. In 1809 he received his habilitation at Jena, and during the following year became an associate professor. From 1812 to 1838 he was a full professor of theology at the University of Jena.
Among his better known publications were editions of Plautus (1806–9, 3 parts) and Aeschylus (1805–8, 2 parts), as well as a new edition of Johann Georg Walch's "Bibliotheca patristica". He also published a two-volume textbook of church history (1816–26), and was editor of Johann Gottfried Herder's "Ansichten des klassischen Alterthums" (Views of Classical Antiquity 1805-6).

</doc>
<doc id="21569486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569486" title="J. Ira Courtney">
J. Ira Courtney

J. (John) Ira Courtney (April 27, 1888 – April 15, 1968) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics. During the years 1909 through 1914, he won many awards and championships as both a sprinter and hurdler. At the Games in Stockholm, Sweden, he competed in both the 100 and 200-meter dashes and the 400-meter relay. In his later years he became a champion handball player.
Early years.
J. Ira Courtney was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. According to Jim Daves, the author of "The Glory of Washington" (his book about the University of Washington), it was there that young Ira first discovered his talent for sprinting when he and his brother outran some policemen when they were caught filching fruit in an orchard. After moving with his family to Seattle, Washington, Courtney competed on the Broadway High School track team. In 1909, he was the captain of Washington’s West Side Team in the state championship meet, where he won the low hurdles, and all three sprinting events, setting a new state record in the 220-yard dash of 22 and one-fifth of a second. (This was in the days long before modern technology which now allows races to be recorded in one hundredths of a second.) He also competed on Broadway’s swimming, baseball, and football teams. Courtney's victory in the 220-yard low hurdles on May 1, 1909, was the decisive race in Broadway's one-point victory over cross-town rival Lincoln High School. Later that year, he competed in track events for the Seattle Athletic Club.
College career.
In 1910, Courtney attended the Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, where he equaled the interscholastic record in the 40-yard dash of 4 and 3/5 of a second while competing on a wooden track at the snow-bound college. In 1911, Courtney returned to Seattle and enrolled at the University of Washington where his sprinting speed continued to improve. After a number of impressive victories in the spring of 1912, a growing movement of Courtney’s Seattle fans persuaded the Seattle Athletic Club to send him to the west coast Olympic trials that May in California. During the trials on May 17 at Stanford University's track in Palo Alto, Courtney qualified for the Olympic team by winning the 100-meter dash, tying the then world Olympic record of 10.4 seconds which was set in 1908 by the South African sprinter Reggie Walker during the games in London. During the Olympic trials Courtney also won the 200-meter dash. By qualifying, Courtney became both the University of Washington's first Olympic athlete, and the first Olympic athlete from the Pacific Northwest.
1912 Olympic Games.
At the Games, Courtney won both of his heats, but was later eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 metres event as well as the 200 metres competition. The 100-meter final was won by his teammate Ralph Craig, followed by two more Americans who won the silver and bronze. Craig also won the 200-meter final.
Courtney was selected for the 4x100 meter relay and would almost certainly have won a gold medal in that race if the U.S. team had not been eliminated in a semi-final round of the 4x100 metre contest after two of the other men on the team failed to complete the baton pass in the allotted 20-meter zone on the first transfer. It would be the first and only time the United States team failed to win the 400-meter relay until 1960, when they were again eliminated for another passing fault during the finals at the Rome Olympics in which they would have set a world record if not for the disqualification. Courtney also played on the U.S. team in the baseball event which was held as a demonstration sport. Among his teammates, was Abel Kiviat, who was the silver medalist in the 1500 meters, and would go on to become America's longest-living Olympic medal-winner. He died in 1991 at the age of 99.
Today, the 1912 Olympics are best remembered as the "Jim Thorpe Olympics," due to the Native-American's wins in both the pentathlon and the decathlon. Thorpe later had his medals taken away and his records expunged from the books when it was discovered that he had briefly played some semi-pro baseball before the games. In 1950 a panel of sports writers named him as the greatest athlete of the first half-century. After a long campaign to restore his reputation, Thorpe’s name was finally cleared, and his medals were returned to his family in 1982. In a 1964 interview with the San Bernardino County Sun, Courtney remembered his famous teammate as a "wonderful athlete...however he did like firewater." Courtney also thought it unfair that Thorpe's medals were taken away for playing under an assumed name because "they were all doing it in those days." Courtney didn't mention whether or not he was one of them.
Post-Olympic career.
In 1913, Courtney enrolled at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, where he earned a law degree and continued running track. However, his shot at making another Olympic team in 1916 was dashed when the games were cancelled because of an event called World War I. In the 1920s he went on to win a number of Southern California doubles handball championships with his partner Fred Alney.
Family.
In 1918, Courtney married Pauline Regina Hollingsworth, whose brother Jim was the Ventura County district attorney for many years. Pauline would later become a prolific and award-winning painter, one of whose works, depicting the forging area at the Fontana Kaiser Steel Mill, hung in the Library of Congress. After practicing law for a short time, Courtney became a partner in an engineering contracting business that specialized in road building. Among their many projects was the highway from Barstow to Baker. During the depression the partnership dissolved, and Courtney again practiced law for a few more years. Then, except for two periods when he was the San Diego County Rent Attorney and worked for the State Pest Control registrar, Courtney was employed with the California Contractors' State License Board from 1940 to 1959. On May 1, 1959, Courtney returned to the practice of law when he entered into partnership with his son Norman P. Courtney in Fontana, California. In February 1968, he and Pauline celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary with a large gathering of their family and friends in the home of their daughter Shirley, whose husband Elsworth Beam was a superior court judge for 20 years. Also in attendance that day was their other son, Southern (named in tribute to the University of Southern California), who was a high school social studies teacher for many years.
Death.
On the morning of April 1, 1968, after he'd gone to open up the law office in downtown Fontana, Courtney thought he smelled gas, and attempted to air out the building. Unfortunately, some source (most likely a spark when he flipped on a light switch) ignited the gas, and the office was rocked by a violent explosion, which blew out windows and buckled several walls. Legal papers were singed and Courtney was buffeted about the room. After emerging from the office (with his necktie still ablaze), people from an adjacent building helped snuff out his burning clothes and called paramedics. His scalp, face, neck, chest, and hands were badly burned. Courtney was taken to Fontana's Kaiser Foundation Hospital, where he died of pneumonia on April 15, due to complications and infections from his burns. Ironically, Courtney had saved a young neighbor girl from similar severe injuries at a Fourth of July party in the 1920s, when her frilly ballet dress was set on fire by another girl when she accidentally touched a lit sparkler to the flammable material in her friend’s dress during a dance presentation in his neighbor’s backyard. Hearing her screams, Courtney hurdled a hedge between the properties, chased down the panicked girl, and then wrapped her face and upper body with his coat, thereby sparing her from a lifetime of facial scars. J. Ira Courtney is buried in the Rialto Park Cemetery in Rialto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21569520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569520" title="Rugby Western Relief Road">
Rugby Western Relief Road

The Rugby Western Relief Road (RWRR) is a single carriageway road which is on the outskirts of Rugby, Warwickshire, England. The £36.6 million scheme includes a £17.08 million contribution from the Department for Transport and was expected to be completed by the end of 2009 but the date was put back by a year, eventually opening in September 2010. There was also much speculation that the project went well over budget. Due to its route it can be considered in many ways to be a bypass.
Planning and pre-construction.
Public consultation regarding the roads was started in November 1997 about a decade before construction began and ended two months later in January 1998. The original road plan had it running through Cawston and not around it but the extra funding was quickly found to change this. In September 2002 Rugby Borough Council had finalised and submitted their plans which were accepted in October that year. In December 2005 the Department for Transport approved Compulsory Purchase and Side Roads Orders, albeit with slight modifications to the plan regarding the extreme southern end of the road. The construction company Carillion, who have also worked on the M6 toll and the 2009 M6 extension, were awarded the contract.
Special consideration has been taken to reduce the environmental impact of the new road. Since 2002 the County Council and Carillion worked with Penny Anderson Associates Limited to protect local wildlife, especially local bats and badgers. Elsewhere over 15,000 trees are due to be planted and of new hedgerows laid. of wildflowers will be planted and several 'balancing pools' dug to try and help cancel out the negative environmental impact of the new road.
Route and construction.
The road will leave the existing A4071 just west of the village of Cawston, itself just outside Rugby. From there it will skirt the western side of the town, crossing the A428 in New Bilton before cutting through the north of the town to join the A426 which in turn joins the M6 motorway just north of the town.
Work was begun in August 2007, nearly ten years after public consultation began. After months of building temporary service routes, major earthworking started in May 2008 along the southern section of the road. By the start of September that year tarmac was starting to be laid on this section and earthworking was starting elsewhere. For the rest of the year the roundabout at the south end of the road, along with strengthening of existing bridges started. In January 2009 industrial contaminants were found on a part of the proposed route on land formerly owned by Cemex, one of whose plants are next to the road. These however were quickly identified and removed. In March 2009 a roundabout was completed on the A4071 which will take drivers off it and onto the Relief Road. During construction local school children and interested members of the public have been able to have pre-planned visits to the site.
In July 2009 the bridge the took the Lawford Road over the disused railway was taken down and the Lawford Road was diverted to make way for what will become the largest signalised junction in Warwickshire. As of November 2009 the southern section from the A4071 to the Lawford Road was waiting to be topped off. Further north up the route the earthworks have been completed.
On 19 June 2010 the southern section of the road from Potford's Dam to Lawford Road opened to traffic. This was preceded by a charity open day of the route allowing local people to explore the route in safety. The remainder of the route was opened on 10 September 2010.
Effects of road.
A study was carried out in September 2011 by Warwickshire County Council to discover what effect the new road was having on traffic levels on other roads it was built to relieve. The results indicated that traffic on Bilton Lane had dropped by 79 per cent, the A4071 Main Street in Bilton was down 28 per cent, the number of vehicles using the A426 Newbold Road had fallen by 26 per cent, and the A428 at Church Lawford was down 14 per cent. 

</doc>
<doc id="21569528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569528" title="Islamic Azad University of Ahar">
Islamic Azad University of Ahar

Islamic Azad University of Ahar branch.
This university is a branch of Islamic Azad University and was started in 1993. This university is located in Ahar, a city in the north eastern area of East Azarbaijan (Azarbayjan-e shargi) province in the north west of Iran.FaceBook Official Page is دانشگاه آزاد اسلامی واحد اهر. It has more than 11000 students in 132 Fields. This university is in the second km of the Ahar – Tabriz road and 95 km from Tabriz, the capital of East Azarbaijan province. This university is one of the TOP 10 Azad University branches that holds the most fields in Master of Science programs.
Study Fields in PhD and M.S programs:
PhD:
Master of Science:

</doc>
<doc id="21569537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569537" title="Jeff Bates (album)">
Jeff Bates (album)

Jeff Bates is the self-titled third album from American country music artist Jeff Bates. Released in April 2008 on the independent label Black River Entertainment, it has accounted for three non-charting singles: "Don't Hate Me for Lovin' You", "Riverbank" and "One Thing". Bates co-wrote ten of the thirteen songs on the album. Despite not producing a charting single, it peaked at #32 on Top Country Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="21569576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569576" title="Olinger Stories">
Olinger Stories

Olinger Stories: A selection is a short story collection by John Updike first published in 1964. This volume contained no stories newly published in book form, but reprinted stories from Updike's earlier collections. The short stories, set in the fictional town of Olinger, Pennsylvania are in large part autobiographical, about a boy growing up in a small town in Pennsylvania as Updike did. In an early interview, Updike once said, "they are dear to me, and if I had to give anyone one book of me it would be the Vintage OLINGER STORIES."

</doc>
<doc id="21569584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569584" title="George Hinkle">
George Hinkle

George Allen Hinkle, Jr. (born March 17, 1965 in Pacific, Missouri) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for six seasons for the San Diego Chargers, the Minnesota Vikings, and the Cincinnati Bengals. Hinkle is now the head coach of his alma mater, Pacific High School. Hinkle took over the program on a 49-game losing streak before leading them to a 2–8 record in his first year, and a 3–7 record in his second year. The third-year Coach Hinkle led the Indians to an 8–3 record, the first winning season in over 10 years and first Four Rivers Conference title and District title in 15 years. Coach Hinkle's District Championship team was led by his son, George Hinkle III, and Blake Arnette, a Lindenwood University signee.

</doc>
<doc id="21569603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569603" title="Walter McClure">
Walter McClure

Walter Rayburn McClure (August 24, 1892 – April 12, 1959) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Junction City, Oregon.
In 1912 he finished eighth the Olympic 1500 metres event. In the 800 metres competition he was eliminated in the first round.
At the same Olympics he competed in the baseball event which was held as demonstration sport.

</doc>
<doc id="21569606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569606" title="Walter de Milemete">
Walter de Milemete

Walter de Milemete was an English scholar who wrote a treatise on Kingship for the young prince Edward, later king Edward III of England called "De nobilitatibus, sapientiis, et prudentiis regum" in 1326. The Treatise includes images of siege weapons and what is probably the first illustration of a firearm: a "pot-de-fer". One of the marginal border illustrations in the Milemete Treatise shows a soldier firing a large vase-shaped cannon, the arrow-shaped projectile is seen projecting from the cannon which is pointed at a fortification. In the 1331 siege of Cividale, German knights used guns which were probably very similar to Milemete weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="21569609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569609" title="April Rain (song)">
April Rain (song)

"April Rain" is a song that was released on the Delain album "April Rain". The single has been available for purchase online as of February 9, 2009. It was physically released on March 6, as a CD single and as a vinyl single.
Music video.
The music video for "April Rain" was revealed on March 16.
It consists of the whole band playing on a bridge during a storm, and a cloaked figure walking across the bridge. The cloaked figure in the end is revealed to be Delain's lead singer, Charlotte Wessels. The music video was recorded in Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="21569615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569615" title="Digital media service">
Digital media service

A DMS (Digital Media Service) is an online service provider that sells access to digital library of content such as films, software, games, images, literature, etc. While no transfer of property is made, a nearly perfect duplicate of the data (song movie, etc.) is made on a customer's computer. Content is either primarily hosted on a dedicated server, which is owned by the service provider, or it is hosted primarily on the hard drives of its customers using a P2P protocol with, perhaps, a dedicated server to supplement.
One example of the older business model is the iTunes Store, which still markets and prices data as individual retail products. There are no examples of the latter business model in operation yet, but one is currently in development by Global Gaming Factory X and expected to begin operation some time after they acquire The Pirate Bay domain on August 27, 2009.
A key difference between the two models is that the model which relies on its customer base for offering their bandwidth for other customers to access customer hosted data can operate at significantly lower costs than a company that seeks to limit data access to a per-download fee in order to supplement the cost of using its own hosting and bandwidth. The P2P model holds the potential for companies to offer unlimited access to the largest data library in the history of the internet to its customers for a reasonably low membership rate that is relevant to the cost of operation.
While the market is virtually untouched, the P2P supplemented model will need entrepreneurs who are able to overcome a series of challenges in order to compete with the older business model as well as that which is offered for free (and often against the wishes of copyright holders)by hundreds of P2P communities on the internet. These challenges include, but are not limited to: Offering better data quality, speed, convenience and ease of use, protocol, sense of security, indexing and search organization, site up time, data library size, customer support, advertising, artist/copyright holder incentives and compensation, incentives and compensation for customers hosting data and providing bandwidth, guaranteed seeding (available access to indexed data at all times), than competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="21569642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569642" title="Mike Freeman (American football)">
Mike Freeman (American football)

Michael Joseph Freeman (born October 13, 1961 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played guard for four seasons for the Denver Broncos and the Los Angeles Raiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21569644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569644" title="South Central Avenue Historic District">
South Central Avenue Historic District

South Central Avenue Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It contains brick two- and three-story industrial and residential buildings reflecting over 150 years of utilitarian adaptation of buildings and space. The district includes early 19th century rowhouses, late 19th century and early 20th century manufacturing and warehouse buildings, gas stations, stables, car barns, commercial/residential buildings, and corner stores. Several larger buildings are the Bagby Furniture Company Building (4 stories), the Strauss Malt House (5 stories), and the Alameda School. Many rowhouses have been covered with formstone.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21569659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569659" title="Yumekui Kenbun">
Yumekui Kenbun

Overview.
For those who suffer nightmares, help awaits at the Silver Star Tea House, where patrons can order much more than just Darjeeling, tea, and coffee. Hiruko is a special kind of private investigator. He's a dream eater, a Baku. And he'll rid you of your darkest visions... that is, of course... for a price.
Places.
Nightmares

</doc>
<doc id="21569676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569676" title="Esin Engin">
Esin Engin

Esin Engin (May 17, 1945 – May 4, 1997), was a Turkish musician, composer, arranger and film actor.
Biography.
He was born in Sivas, Turkey in 1945 to a family of Crimean Tatar origin. He was graduated from North Collins High School in New York, US in 1963. Then he returned to Turkey and completed a journalist degree in Istanbul in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21569677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569677" title="Chuck Levy">
Chuck Levy

Charles Levy (born January 7, 1972 in Torrance, California) is a former professional American football running back spending five seasons with the Arizona Cardinals and the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21569680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569680" title="Joaquim Tenreiro">
Joaquim Tenreiro

Joaquim Tenreiro (1906–1992) was among the leading furniture designers and visual artists in mid-20th century Brazil.
Tenreiro was born in Melo, Gouveia, Portugal into a family of woodworkers and carpenters. In the late 1920s, he immigrated to Rio de Janeiro and began working for the firm of Laubisch Hirth.
In the early 1940s, Tenreiro was among the first designers in the Brazilian furniture industry to adopt a European modernist vernacular. His initial efforts, including the 1942 "Poltrona Leve," met with considerable success, and in 1943 he established his own firm with factories in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. One of his main clients was Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer, for whose houses a number of pieces were originally commissioned.
Taking advantage of indigenous Brazilian hardwoods and designing with the Brazilian climate in mind by keeping pieces light, and often using wicker or cane, Tenreiro evolved a distinctive style suited to local conditions. His 1947 "Cadeira de Embalo" (Rocking Chair) is still in production. An example of his iconic "three-legged chair" sold at auction in 2008 for over $90,000 USD.
Tenreiro gave up the furniture business in the late 1960s to concentrate on his painting and sculpture, in which he had been engaged privately for many decades. He died in Itapira, Brazil, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="21569691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569691" title="Tuataric acid">
Tuataric acid

Tuataric acid is an organic compound and an unsaturated carboxylic acid. This colourless compound was isolated in 2009 from the cloacal glands of the tuatara, a lizard-like reptile native to New Zealand. Its formal name is (4E,6Z)-Octa-4,6-dienoic acid, and it consists of an unusual pair of conjugated alkene units with the E and Z configurations.
Tuataric acid can be prepared from pent-4-yn-1-ol through a sequence that begins with the extension of the alkyne terminus by hydroboration and ends with the oxidation of the alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="21569714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569714" title="Dukem">
Dukem

Dukem (var. Ducam, Dukham; Ge'ez ዱከም) is a town in central Ethiopia. It is named after the Dukem River. Located in the Oromia Special Zone Surrounding Finfinne of the Oromia Region, 37 kilometers southeast of Addis Ababa and 10 kilometers northwest of Bishoftu, this town has a latitude and longitude of and an elevation of 1950 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Akaki woreda.
Dukem is situated along the Addis Ababa - Dire Dawa highway and is a station on the Ethio-Djibouti Railway. It is also the location of an industrial park covering 40 hectares owned and developed by East African Group (Ethiopia), Ltd.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Dukem has an estimated total population of 8,704 of whom 4,095 are men and 4,609 are women.

</doc>
<doc id="21569719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569719" title="John Kaiser">
John Kaiser

John Frederick Kaiser (born June 6, 1962 in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="21569737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569737" title="Little Montgomery Street Historic District">
Little Montgomery Street Historic District

Little Montgomery Street Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is composed of approximately 15 19th century brick houses, some of which are double, that line the 100-block of West Montgomery Street and the northwestern portion of the 800 block of Leadenhall Street. All the buildings are small in scale and of brick construction, abut the sidewalks, are closely spaced, and are generally two to three stories high with two-bay façades. Nine of the structures are "half houses" that are only one room deep with a single pitch roof. The district is associated with a working class urban community where, throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries Baltimore’s native poor, struggling German and Irish immigrants, and freed southern blacks lived side by side competing for the same space and the same railroad and port-related jobs.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21569749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569749" title="Tony Bouie">
Tony Bouie

Tony Vanderson Bouie (born August 7, 1972) is a former American college and professional American football who was a safety in the National Football League (NFL) for four seasons. He played college football for the University of Arizona, and earned All-American honors. He played professionally for the NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Early years.
Bouie was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. He attended Holy Cross School in New Orleans, and played for the Holy Cross Tigers high school football team.
College career.
While attending the University of Arizona, he played for the Arizona Wildcats football team from 1991 to 1994. Bouie was a key member of the Wildcats' Pacific-10 Conference championship team in 1993, which defeated the Miami Hurricanes in the Fiesta Bowl. He was recognized as a consensus All-American and first-team All-Pac-10 selection at defensive back following his senior season in 1994, and was featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" magazine. He also played for the Arizona Wildcats baseball team, and was a member of the Wildcats' Pac-10 championship baseball teams in 1992 and 1993.
Bouie graduated from the University of Arizona with a Bachelor of Arts degree in media arts. He was inducted into the University of Arizona Sports Hall of Fame in 2000, and his name is included among other Wildcats football greats in the Ring of Honor on the facade of Arizona Stadium.
Professional career.
He signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 1995, and played for the Buccaneers from to . In four NFL seasons, he played in 57 regular season games with the Buccaneers and started four of them.
Life after football.
Bouie began work on his first master's degree while playing for the Arizona Wildcats, and graduated from the University of Arizona with a Master of Arts in literacy and education n 1997. He graduated from Arizona State University's W. P. Carey School of Business with a Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) in 2005. While completing his M.B.A. degree requirements, he wrote a business plan for the development of a stackable cup that dispenses with an attached lid. He raised capital for the manufacture and marketing of his idea, and currently is the chief executive officer of Halo Cups, Inc., the distributor of the "SwoopCup."
He currently sits on the national boards of the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and the National Football League Players' Association. He formerly was the vice president of the University of Arizona Maricopa County Black Alumni Association, and was a national board member for the University of Arizona alumni association.
He is a cancer survivor, having been diagnosed with stage 4 lymphoma in 2007. He underwent successful chemotherapy in the spring of 2008.
In 2010, Bouie ran as a Republican candidate for the Arizona State Senate in District 4, which encompasses northwest Phoenix, surrounding suburbs, and much of rural northwestern Maricopa County.
Bouie lives in Anthem, Arizona, with his wife and three children. He is an active member of Christ Church of the Valley in Peoria. He is now also working as a substitute teacher for the Deer Valley Unified School District, as was one of the items on his bucket list, along with bungee jumping, skydiving, and climbing K2.

</doc>
<doc id="21569753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569753" title="Princeton Daily Clarion">
Princeton Daily Clarion

The Princeton Daily Clarion is a newspaper circulating every weekday morning, 5 days a week in Princeton, Indiana and Gibson County. It is the only daily newspaper in Gibson County, Indiana. It is affiliated with Tri-State Media, along with the Mt. Carmel Daily Republican Register, Boonville Standard, Newburgh & Chandler Register, as well as the Oakland City Journal. Princeton Publishing also offers web offset printing. Princeton Daily Clarion is owned by the Tri-State Media Company, a division of Brehm Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="21569772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569772" title="Al Gross (American football)">
Al Gross (American football)

Alfred Ellis Gross, Jr. (born January 4, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the Cleveland Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="21569774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569774" title="Janet C. Richards">
Janet C. Richards

Janet C. Richards is a professor in the College of Education at the University of South Florida, Tampa. where she teaches courses in literacy theory and methods, writing, and qualitative research.
She is Senior Editor of the Journal of Reading Education [http://oter.coedu.usf.edu/jreabout.htm] and a literacy scholar for the International Reading Association; she has worked with classroom teachers and higher education faculty in Thailand, Azerbaijan, Estonia, Pakistan and Romania. She is also a former elementary classroom teacher and writes extensively on preservice and inservice teachers’ communication skills.
Selected Research.
Richard's current research examines the connection between reading and writing.

</doc>
<doc id="21569793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569793" title="Warren Livingston">
Warren Livingston

Warren Livingston (born July 5, 1938) is a former professional American football cornerback. He played six seasons for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.
Biography.
Livingston was born in Eufaula, Oklahoma and graduated from Mesa High School (Mesa, Arizona) in Mesa, Arizona. He played college football at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.
He played his first game with the Dallas Cowboys in 1961. He retired from the NFL in 1966 at the age of twenty-eight.
Personal life.
Livingston's brother Andy Livingston is a former professional American football running back in the NFL. He played professionally for the Chicago Bears and the New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="21569797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569797" title="Alain Lequeux">
Alain Lequeux

Alain Lequeux (1947 - 26 April 2006) was one of France's leading jockeys in the 1970s and 1980s. He won 33 Group or Grade 1 races, including the 1981 Washington, D.C. International Stakes aboard Providential for trainer Charlie Whittingham. Son of leading French rider Guy Lequeux, he won more than 2,000 races while riding in France from 1963 to 1992. He won the 1974 Poule d'Essai des Pouliches (Fr-G1) (French One Thousand Guineas) with Dumka, and the 1979 St. Leger Stakes (Eng-G1) with Son of Love (Fr). 
A noted gourmet, following his retirement from racing the popular and personable Lequeux owned and operated the Cafe Lequeux in Chantilly not far from the Chantilly Racecourse.
He died in hospital at Senlis, Oise on 26 April 2006 of a cerebral hemorrhage at age 59.

</doc>
<doc id="21569814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569814" title="Emo Speedway Championships">
Emo Speedway Championships

The Emo Speedway is a racing facility, located in Emo, Ontario. It is operated by the Borderland Racing Association.
In 2009, the track celebrated its 55th Anniversary of the original opening.
The Borderland Racing Association currently hosts three different classes and range from Street Stocks (Entry level), the WISSOTA Midwest Modifieds (Moderate Level), to WISSOTA Modifieds (Advanced Level).
Street Stocks are “Stock Cars” as they have a full body and frame from passenger type automobiles seen on the street (Such as a 1974 Monte Carlo). They are required to have a minimum weight of 3200 lbs (1,451 kg), a stock maximum 355c.i.d. (360 for Chryslers), as well as OEM parts.
WISSOTA Midwest Modifieds are similar to Street Stocks in that their engine is a maximum 355c.i.d., however, they are open wheeled (No fenders) and have a minimum weight of 2600 lbs (1,179 kg). As well, suspension and rear-end are more adjustable.
The highest class at the Emo Speedway is the WISSOTA Modifieds. This class is similar in appearance as a WISSOTA Midwest Modified with the exception of some cosmetic differences. However, the WISSOTA Modified class has a minimum weight of 2450 lbs (1,111 kg) and can run a Manual Transmission, a Spec Engine (Turning out up to 600-650 hp), and an alcohol fuel option.
The season consists of 16-18 race nights (Heat races and one feature per night, per class and consolations if necessary), although due to rainouts during the season, an average of 12-14 races are run for the championship.
Each class runs their own season points. Points are tallied every weekend based on the point system by the Sanctioning body of WISSOTA. Points go to the driver in the WISSOTA classes and to the car number in the Street Stocks.
History.
One Class of Cars (1950s & 1960s).
The first racing season started on July 30, 1954 and only one class competed. Cars with all types of engines raced including Mathieu's V12 Rocket. The season started out with thirteen competitors and the number fluctuated very little until the end of the season in September. According to the Daily Journal in International Falls, #411 "King Al" Gerald of International Falls, MN won the first "championship" called the "Cup". Races were also held whenever possible, but was usually on a Friday, and they occurred as many times as three a week.
In 1955, #37 Raoul "The Flying Frenchman" Cayer of Nestor Falls, Ontario won his first championship at the Emo Speedway and also took honours as the time trial champion in that year. Al McDowell took the championship in 1956. Currently, it is unknown who won the championships in 1957 to 1959. The track was closed at the end of the 1959 season.
The track reopened in 1965, but it is uncertain whether a points season was tallied. Currently, there is no information of champions from 1965 and 1966. In 1967, #54 Larry Kennedy took the championship, his only title in his years of racing at the speedway. In 1968, the underdog of the Emo Speedway, #33 George Oltsher would be triumphant in beating the much bigger competition to win his first championship of three he would earn.
1969 saw owner Ed Rea with his driver #38 Mike Andrusco <ref name="http://canadianracer.com"/> win the championship in the last season of the 1960s.
The Introduction of a Second Class (1970s).
1970 saw #33 George Oltsher return to the champions circle at the end of the season, the last year in which there was only one class of cars. 1971 saw the introduction of Hobby Stocks. Although the rules are currently not known to the full extent, Hobby Stocks provided a different and specific set of rules and guidelines that would make cars more even on the track.
The first Hobby Stock Champion was #1 Borden Beeler<ref name="http://canadianracer.com"/> in 1971, while #36 Larry Long <ref name="http://canadianracer.com"/> of International Falls, MN would win the top class. Both classes would run championship point seasons until 1973. There were no points in 1974 due to a shortened season and 1975 had only a few events. The Emo Speedway would shut down until its second revival in 1983.
The Return of Season Championships (1980s).
After three years of exhibition racing, the Borderland Racing Association became the operating body of the Emo Speedway. The first full season started in 1986. Two classes were run (Modifieds, Street Stocks) and they had locally created rules. A son of Ed Rea, #38 Dan Rea <ref name="http://canadianracer.com"/> would win the Modified championship, while #35 Harold "Beaker" Duivenvoorden <ref name="http://canadianracer.com"/> would take the Street Stock championship.
In 1989, The Modifieds became sanctioned with WISSOTA, (A Promoters Association with a common set of rules and regulations), allowing the class to have to ability to travel to other "WISSOTA" tracks and also compete for a National Championship.
(1) Modifieds were not sanctioned by WISSOTA in these years.

</doc>
<doc id="21569827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569827" title="1881 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1881 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1881 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1881 college football season. While the University of Michigan had fielded "football" teams in 1879 and 1880, those teams played a game that was more in line with traditional rugby, and many consider the 1881 team to be the first at Michigan to play American football. The team finished with a record of 0–3 after playing the top teams in the country – , Yale and Princeton.
Season overview.
The 1881 season was only the third during which Michigan fielded a football team. Prior to 1881, Michigan had played only three games, two against the University of Toronto and one against Racine College in Chicago. Moreover, the game played by Michigan was more in the nature of British rugby rather than American football. One author has observed: "When the Michigan rugby team went East in November of 1881 they were playing a more traditional rugby game than their eastern counterparts."
The players on the Michigan team came from throughout the western states, including Illinois (Frank Wormwood and team captain and quarterback Walter Horton), Iowa (Richard Dott), North Dakota (the DePuy brothers), the Upper Peninsula (fullback William Olcott), and even Florida (Purl Woodruff).
In 1881, Michigan scheduled games against the top American football teams—the Eastern powerhouses of Harvard, Yale and Princeton. Either Yale, Princeton or Harvard has been credited with every college football national championship from 1869–1894, and retrospective historical power ratings have ranked them as the top three college football teams of 1881. The Michigan-Harvard game, which was played on Halloween 1881, was the first time any of the elite Eastern teams had played a team from the West. In his history of college football, David M. Nelson cites Michigan's 1881 Eastern trip as the origin of intersectional football: "In 1881 football became an intersectional game with the University of Michigan invading the East to play Harvard, Princeton and Yale."
Michigan played all three games in the East over a five-day period between October 31, 1881, and November 4, 1881. While Michigan lost all three games, the games were close, and the Michigan team earned the respect of the Eastern press.
Having lost all of its games and being outscored 28–4, the 1881 Michigan team holds the distinction of having the worst record in the school's history—a record that has not been matched in the more than 125 years of football that followed. After the 1881 season, Michigan did not schedule any intercollegiate games in 1882 and did not return to intercollegiate play until 1883.
Press accounts of the games.
October 31: Harvard 3, Michigan 0.
"The Boston Journal" carried a lengthy article about the Michigan-Harvard game, which it summarized as follows:"Yesterday afternoon, in a drenching rain, for the first time an Eastern foot-ball eleven played with a Western eleven. The Western college boys have long wished a chance to try their powers with Eastern opponents, and, to effect this, the University of Michigan this fall have sent on a representative eleven to play the largest of the Eastern colleges. Their first opponent were the Harvard team. They were beaten but with fair weather the result would have been very uncertain. As it was, Harvard won more by luck than by superiority in strength or skill, for with the exception of the first ten minutes they were forced to play a defensive game. ... At 3:15, in the midst of a drenching rain, the game began. Perhaps a hundred spectators had by this time gathered."
Harvard scored the only points of the game in the first half on a play that was disputed by Michigan's players. "The Boston Journal" noted:"Individual players kept losing their temper, and much time was wasted in upclose quarreling over little questions of no account. If the Westerners hadn't talked so much they might have won, or at least tied the game. ... During the second half hour the ball was near the Harvard line constantly. Once it came within three feet of the chalk, but the most desperate fighting on the Harvard forced it back foot by foot until the immediate danger was over. ... The Michigan team excelled in running, and their tackling was very fair. As to passing, they did very little. It was by all odds the best game seen in Boston this fall."
Another Massachusetts paper, "The Fitchburg Sentinel", reported: "The Harvard university football team won one touch-down at Cambridge, Monday, and the Michigan university team won nothing."
November 2: Yale 11, Michigan 0.
Michigan's worst defeat on the Eastern trip was an 11–0 defeat against Yale. The next day, the "New Haven Evening Register" carried the following account of the game:"The Yale foot ball team easily defeated the players from the University of Michigan at Hamilton Park, yesterday afternoon, in the presence of 500 people. The Yales outplayed their opponents in every particular, and kept the ball near their goal during the greater part of the game. ... The score was: Yale, 2 goals, University of Michigan, no goals, Touchdowns for safety: Yale none, University of Michigan 8. Olcott and DePuy played a good game for the visitors."
November 4: Princeton 13, Michigan 4.
The final game of the trip was a 13–4 loss to Princeton. One New Jersey newspaper reported: "The Princeton College team were victorious Thursday in a football match with the team of the University of Michigan after an exciting struggle." New Jersey's "Daily State Gazette" wrote: "A finely contested game of football at the University grounds Friday, between Princeton and University of Michigan resulted in a victory for the home team, Princeton 1 goal, 2 touchdowns; University of Michigan 0."
Players.
The following players were members of the 1881 football team according to the roster published in the 1882 edition of "The Palladium", the University of Michigan yearbook.
Rushers
Quarterback
Halfbacks
Three-Quarter-back
Goalkeeper
Substitutes

</doc>
<doc id="21569833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569833" title="Nunajuak Island">
Nunajuak Island

Nunajuak Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada. It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Qikiqtaaluk Region. The elevation is approximately above sea level.
Cape Dorset, an Inuit hamlet on Dorset Island, is approximately away.

</doc>
<doc id="21569872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569872" title="Panphagia">
Panphagia

Panphagia is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur described in 2009. It lived around 231 million years ago, during the Carnian age of the Late Triassic period in what is now northwestern Argentina. The name "Panphagia" comes from the Greek words "pan", meaning "all", and "phagein", meaning "to eat", in reference to its inferred omnivorous diet. "Panphagia" is one of the earliest known dinosaurs, and is an important find which may mark the transition of diet in early sauropodomorph dinosaurs.
Discovery.
Fossils of "Panphagia" were found in late 2006 by the Argentinean paleontologist Ricardo N. Martínez in rocks of the Ischigualasto Formation of Valle Pintado, Ischigualasto Provincial Park, San Juan Province, Argentina. The bones were found at approximately the same level as a 231.4 million year old ash layer, indicating it lived during the early Carnian of the Late Triassic. "Panphagia" is currently known from holotype PVSJ 874, the disarticulated remains of one partially grown individual of about long. Portions of the skull, vertebrae, pectoral girdle, pelvic girdle, and hindlimb bones have been recovered. The russet-colored fossils were embedded in a greenish sandstone matrix and took several years to prepare and describe.
Classification.
"Panphagia" was described in 2009 by Ricardo N. Martínez and Oscar A. Alcober, both of the Museo de Ciencias Naturales, in San Juan, Argentina. They performed a phylogenetic analysis and found it to be the most basal known sauropodomorph dinosaur: the fossils shared similar features to those of "Saturnalia", an early sauropodomorph, including similarities in the ischium, astragalus, and the scapular blade. Yet the fossils also exhibited similar features to those of "Eoraptor", an early carnivorous saurischian, including hollow bones, sublanceolate teeth, and overall proportions. Based on analysis and comparison of the "Panphagia" fossils and those of its closest kin, Martínez and Alcober concluded that the evolution of saurischian dinosaurs likely began with small, cursorial animals similar to "Panphagia", and that there is a "general similarity among all of these basal dinosaurs that few structural changes stand" between "Panphagia", "Eoraptor", and two basal theropods which have yet to be described.
The type species of "Panphagia" is "P. protos"; the specific name, meaning "the first" in Greek, is a reference to its basal position.
Diet.
The teeth of "Panphagia" indicate a possible omnivorous diet, transitional in form between the mostly carnivorous theropods and the herbivorous sauropodomorphs. The teeth in the back of the jaw are shorter than those in the front, are leaf-shaped, and also have more marked serrations. 

</doc>
<doc id="21569878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569878" title="Half-Minute Hero">
Half-Minute Hero

Half-Minute Hero, (known as , is a hybrid real-time strategy/action RPG/shoot 'em up developed by Marvelous Entertainment. It was initially released as a PlayStation Portable exclusive in Japan on May 28, 2009, in North America on October 13, 2009 and in Europe on February 19, 2010. It was re-released on the Xbox Live Arcade on June 29, 2011 under the title Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax.
A sequel, "Yūsha 30 Second", was released in Japan on August 4, 2011. It was localized by Marvelous USA and released on Steam on April 4, 2014 as Half-Minute Hero: The Second Coming.
Gameplay.
"Half-Minute Hero"s single player mode features 6 different game modes. Each mode is based on one part of a larger story, and as such, the last three modes are not available until the player has completed the first three modes; these last three modes are then unlocked in order after completing the previous mode. Each mode centers around a mechanic based on a limited amount of time (normally 30 seconds as implied by the game's title) to complete that part of the game.
There is also a limited multiplayer mode in which two heroes can fight to complete a quest before the other. The multiplayer mode features three stages in which the two players will fight to collect power ups and level up in order to fight the Evil Lord at the end.
Development.
"Half-Minute Hero" was originally a downloadable freeware game called "30-Second Hero", whose concept was adopted by the producer for a PSP title. It was designed to be a quirky adaptation of the traditional, lengthy role-playing video game formula into 30 second intervals. The 8-bit graphics were designed to appear "old-school", resembling 8-bit RPGs such as early "Dragon Quest" and "Final Fantasy" games, and make the player use their imagination.
"Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax".
"Half-Minute Hero" was re-released for the XBLA on June 29, 2011 as "Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax." This version contains the "Super Mega Neo Climax" mode which allows the game to be played with enhanced graphics more akin to anime than 8-bit RPGs. Additionally, the "Evil Lord 30," "Princess 30," and "Knight 30" modes have been significantly reworked. Instead of the altering game styles found in the PSP version, the XBLA versions of these modes are identical in play style to "Hero 30" and feature only one level. The "Hero 30" campaign does have 6 new quests stemming from the "Treasure Land" stage, though. These quests involve the Overlord being awakened early and the hero has to acquire the aid of the five time beasts, however these levels also replace the "Another Goddess" stage found in the original version. The sound test mode, art gallery, and bestiary have also been removed from the XBLA version, normally unlocked after completing "Hero 3" in the PSP version.
Other changes include the addition of achievements, online multiplayer, as well as possible future downloadable content.
"Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy".
"Half-Minute Hero" was re-released for the PC on Steam and Playism on September 27, 2012 as "Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy." This version is a compilation of almost all of the game modes that featured in the previous releases with the exception of the Another Goddess and Valhalla Knights stages.
Sequel.
A sequel called "Yūsha 30 Second" (Half-Minute Hero 2) was released in Japan for the PSP on August 4, 2011. It was localized by Marvelous USA and released on Steam on April 4, 2014 as "Half-Minute Hero: The Second Coming".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of "Half-Minute Hero" features contributions from many well known Japanese game composers. They include Toshihiko Takamizawa, Yoshino Aoki, Hideki Asanaka, Kakeru Ishihama, Hiroyuki Iwatsuki, Yuzo Koshiro, Motoi Sakuraba, Koji Hayama, Norihiko Hibino, Takushi Hiyamuta, Kenji Fujisawa, Hiromi Mizutani, Yasumasa Yamada, Yasuo Yamate, Biei Morioka, Toru Nakagawa, Minako Adachi, and Megumi Komagata.
The soundtrack of the sequel, "Half-Minute Hero: The Second Coming", features an even larger cast of composers. They include Hideki Asanaka, Motoi Sakuraba, Kumi Tanioka, Hiroyuki Iwatsuki, Kenji Ito, Tetsuya Shibata, Yoshitaka Hirota, Yasunori Mitsuda, Yui Isshiki, Masaharu Iwata, Masashi Hamauzu, Manabu Namiki, Yoko Shimomura, Michiko Naruke, Yasuo Yamate, Takushi Hiyamuta, Maiko Iuchi, Takaaki Nakahashi, Yasumasa Yamada, Yoshino Aoki, Toshikazu Tanaka, Takeshi Toriumi, Tomonori Arai, and Takashi Jinno.
Awards.
Half-Minute Hero won several awards from RPG-focused websites.

</doc>
<doc id="21569928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569928" title="Deer Lake (Taylor River)">
Deer Lake (Taylor River)

Deer Lake is a lake in King County, Washington. It is an expansion of the Taylor River, located just below its true source. Located a short distance downstream is Snoqualmie Lake.
The lake is reached by hiking 1 mile from Snoqualmie Lake. Deer and Bear Lake are both about the same size.
The river drops over a small waterfall just before flowing into the lake. Shortly below the outlet is a long cascade that likely extends much of the way to Snoqualmie Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21569931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569931" title="Tropical sawshark">
Tropical sawshark

The tropical sawshark, "Pristiophorus delicatus", is a recently described species of sawshark, family Pristiophoridae, formerly known in literature as "Pristiophorus" sp. B. It is endemic to northwestern Australia, found on the upper continental slope off Queensland from south of the Samaurez Reef, at a depth of . Its specific epithet "delicatus" is Latin for "delicate", referring to the fine teeth on its saw-like rostrum.
This is a small species; the maximum known length is for females and for males (although no mature males have yet been examined). The body is slender with a circular cross-section, and depressed forward of the gill slits. The elongated, saw-like snout tapers evenly to its tip, and bears very slender lateral teeth of variable length and a pair of filamentous, dorsoventrally flattened barbels. The eyes are large and oval in shape. The mouth is large and broadly arched; there are 47 tooth rows in the upper jaw and 37 in the lower. The teeth have flattened, oval bases and a single narrow, pointed cusp. The pectoral fins are large with narrowed rounded tips and weakly concave rear margins. The two dorsal fins are well-separated, the first longer and broader than the second. The caudal fin is short, with the lower lobe absent.
The coloration is medium brown above and white below; there are pronounced white rear margins on the dorsal and caudal fins. The paired fins are mostly pale with brownish basal portions clearly demarcated from the rest of the fin. Very little is known of the biology of the tropical sawshark; its small size may indicate that it is reproductively productive. There is little fishing pressure within its range, and so it is classified as of Least Concern by the World Conservation Union.

</doc>
<doc id="21569933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569933" title="Come Home Year">
Come Home Year

Come Home Year is a civic event for many towns that encourages a return to home town. Due to significant economic migration away from many of the small rural towns these events draw many generations to celebrate.
In 2000, there was a provincial "Come Home Year" in Newfoundland and Labrador where many people came back to visit their various communities.
In 2005, Saskatchewan had a "Come Home Year" as part of the province's centennial celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="21569938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569938" title="Le Parc Figueroa Alcorta">
Le Parc Figueroa Alcorta

Le Parc Figueroa Alcorta is a residential complex comprising the Alcorta and Cavia towers. The tallest one (Cavia) is 173m (567 ft) tall, and the Alcorta tower is 120m (394 ft) tall. 
The towers were designed by the Lanuzzi studio and are under construction in the Palermo neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina. The residential complex is the third of its type the Raghsa Group of Buenos Aires is developing in the city, after Le Parc Residential Tower (1995) and Le Parc Puerto Madero (2006). Raghsa has developed numerous commercial real estate projects in Buenos Aires, as well. 
This complex is one in a series of such developments announced in major Argentine cities since the Argentine economy began to recover in 2003 from a serious financial crisis. Following their successful development of three residential towers in their Le Parc Puerto Madero project, Raghsa announced in 2006 the construction of two premier residential buildings on Buenos Aires' upscale Figueroa Alcorta Avenue.
Façade and engineering was provided by Obras Metálicas S. A.
The tallest tower in the complex, Cavia, was originally planned to be the tallest building in Buenos Aires, surpassing the previous proposed record-holder: Renoir II in Puerto Madero, with 171m (561 ft). Following this announcement, however, DYPSA, the developers of the Renoir complex, decided to add one more level and extend Renoir II's height to 175m (574 ft). Should DYPSA complete Renoir II to these specifications, the Cavia Tower will be the tallest building in Buenos Aires for just one year. Le Parc Figueroa Alcorta broke ground on the intersection of the Figueroa Alcorta Ave. and Cavia St. in 2006, joining the development of numerous competing projects, many of them scheduled for completion on or before 2010, the year of the Argentine Bicentennial. 

</doc>
<doc id="21569978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569978" title="Brian LeBarton">
Brian LeBarton

Brian Manuel LeBarton is a keyboardist, composer, and electronic musician from Los Angeles, California.
Work with Beck.
Brian LeBarton was the keyboardist for Beck from 2004-2010. He joined the band for Beck's "Guero" tour and stayed on for "The Information" album/tour of 2006 and the "Modern Guilt" album/tour of 2008–9.
He played guitar, keyboards, drum programming and sang background vocals on Beck's Grammy-nominated 2007 single "Timebomb" and worked with Beck on the score for the film "Nacho Libre", starring Jack Black.
LeBarton contributed to Beck's cover of Bob Dylan's "Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat" for the "War Child: Heroes" charity album, and was an early member of the Record Club, a project launched for Beck's website in 2010 featuring contributions from Nigel Godrich, MGMT, St. Vincent, The Liars, Thurston Moore and Wilco.
Side projects and other.
One of his earliest tours was with Nikka Costa, opening for Prince on his "Musicology" tour. Following this he went into the studio with Costa and played her album "Can'tneverdidnothin'."
LeBarton toured with Sia in 2007 and 2008. in support of her album "Some People Have Real Problems".
He's recorded on three releases by Jamie Lidell : "JIM", Compass and his most recent "Jamie Lidell" on Warp Records.
In 2009 LeBarton contributed music to the film Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World as the bassist and drummer for Sex Bob-Omb as well as sequencing "Threshold 8-bit" for the score and soundtrack on a Commodore 64. 
In 2011 he contributed to Feist's album 'Metals' and co-wrote "Fire In The Water" with her for "Twilight: Breaking Dawn 2"
In 2014 he was featured as Notrabel on "Streaker", the opening track to Tobacco's album Ultima II Massage.

</doc>
<doc id="21569981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21569981" title="Chris Flynn">
Chris Flynn

Chris Flynn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21570000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570000" title="Frank Garcia (punter)">
Frank Garcia (punter)

Frank Garcia (born June 5, 1957 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former American football punter in the National Football League. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 1981. He played college football at Arizona, Arizona State and UNLV.
Garcia also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="21570003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570003" title="Gudmusson Island">
Gudmusson Island

Gudmusson Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada. It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Qikiqtaaluk Region. Cape Dorset, an Inuit hamlet on Dorset Island, is approximately away.

</doc>
<doc id="21570047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570047" title="Oler">
Oler

Oler or Olers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21570086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570086" title="Frank Garcia">
Frank Garcia

Frank Garcia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21570104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570104" title="Mossberg Brownie">
Mossberg Brownie

The Mossberg Brownie is a four-barreled, .22 Long Rifle pistol, similar to a derringer or pepperbox, produced by O.F. Mossberg & Sons from 1920 to 1932. The Brownie is based on an earlier pistol patented and licensed to the Shattuck Company by Oscar Mossberg.
Design.
The pistol has a double-action trigger and a rotating firing pin. Each pull of the trigger cocks and releases the hammer as well as rotating the firing pin to fire each chamber in succession. A top-mounted latch released the barrel assembly to open forward. Mossberg provided a piece of bent sheet metal to extract spent casings.
From 1986 to 1987 Advantage Arms produced the model 422 with many features of the Brownie. The Advantage Arms design was also produced in a .22 Winchester Magnum Rimfire chambering and models featured an internal extractor.
Cobray also produced an odd revolver called the "Pocket Pal" that featured the same break-action, layout, and hammer system of the Brownie. Cobray combined this with a unique twin-barrel, dual-caliber system. Two "zig-zag" revolving cylinders were provided, one in .22 LR and the other in .380 ACP. The same hammer fired either the .22 caliber in the bottom barrel or the .380 in the top depending on which cylinder was installed.

</doc>
<doc id="21570130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570130" title="Euastacus sulcatus">
Euastacus sulcatus

Euastacus sulcatus, also known as the Lamington Crayfish is a freshwater crayfish, or yabby. It is bright blue in colour and roams the forest floor when conditions are damp.
Distribution.
"E. sulcatus" ranged from Mount Tamborine to the Lamington Plateau, southern Queensland, and west along the McPherson Range bordering New South Wales. A relict population may exist on Mount Warning.
Habitat.
The species occurs in streams at altitudes above , in rainforest and sclerophyll forest.

</doc>
<doc id="21570135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570135" title="Jason Rutledge">
Jason Rutledge

Jason Rutledge (born 15 December 1977) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays provincial rugby for Southland, and is in the Super Rugby team the Highlanders.
Rutledge made his debut for the Highlanders in 2004, but after playing two games that season, did not return to the Highlanders until the 2009 season. He came on as a substitution for David Hall in the season opener against the Brumbies, scoring a try minutes from full time which briefly put the Highlanders in the lead.

</doc>
<doc id="21570155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570155" title="Trikkur Mahadeva Temple">
Trikkur Mahadeva Temple

Trikkur Mahadeva Temple is a rock-cut cave temple in Trikkur village in Thrissur District in Kerala believed to have been built in the 7th or 8th century. The temple was originally a Jain temple. It is a protected monument under the Department of Archaeology, Govt of Kerala since 1966. The temple and its premises are now owned by Paliyam Trust which is managed by Kshetra Samrakshana Samiti (Temple Protection Committee).

</doc>
<doc id="21570162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570162" title="Borders of Canada">
Borders of Canada

The borders of Canada include the longest shared border in the world, with the United States as well as a long maritime boundary with the autonomous Danish territory of Greenland, and a short maritime border with the autonomous French overseas islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
United States.
Canada shares borders with the United States in 8 out of 13 provinces and territories. The provinces and territories that do not share a border with the United States share a provincial border with at least one that does except for Prince Edward Island.
Yukon.
The border begins at the Beaufort Sea at 69°39′N, 141°00′W and proceeds southwards along the 141st meridian west. At 60°18′N, the border proceeds away from the 141st meridian west in a southeastwardly direction and follows the St. Elias Mountains. South of the 60th parallel north, the border continues into British Columbia. The entire Canada–U.S. border in Yukon is shared with the U.S. state of Alaska.
British Columbia.
British Columbia has two international borders with the United States; one with the state of Alaska, and one at the southern end with the northwestern continental United States.
The former, continuing from the Yukon-Alaska border, proceeds through the St. Elias Mountains. Afterwards, at Mt. Fairweather at 58°54′N, 137°31′W, the border heads northwestwards towards the Coast Mountains. Afterwards, at 59°48′N, 135°28′W, the border heads in a generally southeastwardly direction along the Coast Mountains. The border eventually reaches the Portland Canal, and follows it outward to the Dixon Entrance. The border then follows the Dixon Entrance out into the Pacific Ocean, and terminates upon reaching international waters.
The latter begins at the terminus of international waters in the Pacific Ocean southwest of Vancouver Island and northwest of the Olympic Peninsula. It follows the Strait of Juan de Fuca eastward and then turns northeastward to enter Haro Strait. The border follows this strait in a northerly direction and turns sharply in an easterly direction through Boundary Pass, separating the Canadian Gulf Islands from the American San Juan Islands. Upon reaching the Strait of Georgia, the border turns due north and then to a northwesterly direction, bisecting this strait until the 49th parallel north. At this parallel, the border makes a sharp turn to a due eastbound direction, and follows the parallel into land, and continues into Alberta. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. states of Washington, Idaho, and Montana.
Alberta.
The entire Canada-U.S. border in the Canadian province of Alberta lies on the 49th parallel north. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. state of Montana.
Saskatchewan.
The entire Canada-U.S. border in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan lies on the 49th parallel north. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. states of Montana and North Dakota.
Manitoba.
Nearly the entire Canada-U.S. border in the Canadian province of Manitoba lies on the 49th parallel north. At the eastern end, however, the border briefly enters the Lake of the Woods, turns north at 48°59′N, 95°09′W, continues into land along the western end of Minnesota's Northwest Angle, and continues into Ontario at 49°23′N, 95°09′W. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. states of North Dakota and Minnesota.
Ontario.
The border begins at the northwesternmost point of Minnesota's Northwest Angle 49°23′N, 95°09′W, and proceeds in an easterly direction through the Angle Inlet into the Lake of the Woods. At 41°19′N, 94°48′W in the Lake of the Woods, the border turns to a southerly direction, and continues into the Rainy River. The border then follows the Rainy River to Rainy Lake, then subsequently through a numerous amount of small lakes, including Lake Namakan, Lac la Croix, and Sea Gull Lake, until reaching the Pigeon River, which leads it out into Lake Superior. The border continues through Lake Superior and reaches Whitefish Bay. The border then proceeds through Whitefish Bay into the St. Mary's River, then into Lake St. Mary's, into the North Channel, then, at 45°59′N 83°26′N, turns to a southerly direction into the False Detour Channel, and reaches Lake Huron. The border then heads in a southerly direction through Lake Huron until reaching the St. Clair River, which subsequently leads it to Lake St. Clair. The border then proceeds through Lake St. Clair, reaching the Detroit River, which leads it to Lake Erie. The border then proceeds through Lake Erie into the Niagara River, which subsequently leads in into Lake Ontario. The border then proceeds in a northwesterly direction in Lake Ontario, then at 43°27′N, 79°12′W, the border makes a sharp turn to a north easterly direction. The border then reaches and proceeds through the St. Lawrence River. Finally, at 45°00′N, 74°40′E, the border splits from the St. Lawrence River and continues into Quebec. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. states of Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York.
Quebec.
The border begins in the St. Lawrence River, continuing from the Ontario-New York border, at the 45th parallel north, the border heads inland in an easterly direction, remaining on or near the parallel. At 45°00′N, 71°30′W, the border begins to follow various natural features of the Appalachian Mountains. It continues to do so until 46°25′N, 70°03′W, where it begins to follow a northerly direction, followed by a northeasterly direction at 46°41′N, 69°59′W. Afterwards, at 47°27′N, 69°13′E the border heads toward Beau Lake. Finally, after the border proceeds through Beau Lake, it continues into New Brunswick. This border, going from west to east, is shared with the U.S. states of New York, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine.
New Brunswick.
The border begins at the southern tip of Beau Lake at 47°18′N, 69°03′W and proceeds to the Saint John River. The border then proceeds through the Saint John River until 47°04′N, 67°47′W, where it splits from the river and heads southward. Then, at 45°56′N, 67°47′W heads into the Chiputneticook Lakes, which subsequently lead it to the St. Croix River. The border then proceeds through the St. Croix River to Passamaquoddy Bay, which in turn leads it past Grand Manan Island into the middle of the Bay of Fundy, where it turns in a southerly direction and then terminates upon reaching international waters. This border is shared entirely with the U.S. state of Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="21570163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570163" title="Carrol">
Carrol

Carrol is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="21570184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570184" title="Gay Street Historic District">
Gay Street Historic District

Gay Street Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a notable example of a late-19th and early-20th century commercial corridor in a developing urban area. It includes a high concentration of small-scale commercial buildings or light manufacturing enterprise structures. It contains buildings displaying Victorian Eclectic, Beaux Arts, Italianate, and Romanesque elements, including two full-front, cast-iron buildings.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21570219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570219" title="Huron High School (New Boston, Michigan)">
Huron High School (New Boston, Michigan)

Huron High School in New Boston, Michigan is a public high school offering education for grades 9 - 12. It is part of the Huron School District. The Chiefs compete in the Huron League.

</doc>
<doc id="21570234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570234" title="Oi Oi Oi (Remixed)">
Oi Oi Oi (Remixed)

Oi Oi Oi Remixed is a remix album from German electro-tech producer and DJ Boys Noize. It was released April 13, 2008 on Boysnoize Records. It features remixes from producers like Surkin, A-Trak, and Feadz.
Track listing.
Digital Release Bonus Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="21570244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570244" title="Danny Walters">
Danny Walters

Daniel Eugene "Danny" Walters (born November 4, 1960 in Prescott, Arkansas) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the fourth round of the 1983 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="21570250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570250" title="Loft Historic District North">
Loft Historic District North

The Loft Historic District North is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It includes 12 large 19th-early 20th century vertical brick manufacturing buildings centering on Paca, Redwood, and Eutaw Streets near the University of Maryland Campus in downtown Baltimore. Most of the buildings are still used for manufacturing purposes, although a few, including the Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss buildings, have been converted into loft apartments or offices. They are representative of Romanesque, Victorian, and early modern industrial architectural design. It was in this area that Baltimore’s garment industry grew to national importance.
The Loft Historic District North was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21570304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570304" title="Henry FitzClarence">
Henry FitzClarence

Henry Edward FitzClarence (1795 or 8 March 1797 – September 1817) was the second eldest son of William IV by his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan. Born in Petersham, FitzClarence was unmarried, he died in India in 1817 at age 22 before his grandfather's death.

</doc>
<doc id="21570309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570309" title="Karnala">
Karnala

Karnala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21570341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570341" title="Loft Historic District South">
Loft Historic District South

The Loft Historic District South is a national historic district in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It includes seven large brick manufacturing buildings on both sides of the 500 block of West Pratt Street near the University of Maryland campus in downtown Baltimore. Of the seven buildings, four have been converted into a loft apartment building complex known as the Greenehouse. The district includes the Sonneborn Building.
The Loft Historic District South was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21570347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570347" title="List of Top 25 albums for 2000 in Australia">
List of Top 25 albums for 2000 in Australia

The following lists the Top 25 albums of 2000 in Australia from the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) End of Year Albums Chart.
Peak chart positions from 2000 are from the ARIA Charts, overall position on the End of Year Chart is calculated by ARIA based on the number of weeks and position that the records reach within the Top 50 albums for each week during 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21570362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570362" title="Rancho Sausal Redondo">
Rancho Sausal Redondo

Rancho Sausal Redondo (Round Willow-grove Ranch) was a Mexican land grant in present day Los Angeles County, California given in 1837 to Antonio Ygnacio Avila by Juan Alvarado Governor of Alta California. "Rancho Sausal Redondo" covered the area that now includes Manhattan Beach, Lawndale, Hermosa Beach, Inglewood, Hawthorne, and Redondo Beach.
History.
Antonio Ygnacio Avila (1781 - 1858), son of Cornelio Avila, married Rosa Maria Ruiz (1789 - 1866) in 1804.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho Sausal Redondo was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented to Antonio Ygnacio Avila in 1855. 
Antonio Avila died in 1858, and in 1868 Avila's heirs were forced to sell the rancho to pay the probate costs. The Rancho was sold to Robert Burnett who used the land for sheep and cattle raising. Having previously acquired Rancho Aguaje de la Centinela, Burnett combined the total area into the Centinela Ranch, thus reuniting the major area of the original land grant. Clear title to the land did not occur until 1873, when a U.S. District Court upheld Burnett's purchase against a suit filed by Avila heir Tomas Avila Sanchez. 
In 1873, Robert Burnett leased the land to Daniel Freeman and returned to his native Scotland. Freeman moved to the ranch with his family, increased the stock, and planted citrus trees. When the 1875 drought ruined the livestock industry, Freeman turned to dry farming. In 1885, Freeman purchased the remainder of Rancho Sausal Redondo. Daniel Freeman was the last person to own all of Rancho Sausal Redondo.

</doc>
<doc id="21570371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570371" title="International Trot">
International Trot

The International Trot was a harness racing event held in the New York City area that aimed to appeal to a mix of United States and international entrants. The inaugural event was held at Roosevelt Raceway in Westbury, New York in 1959, and was held at the track until its closure in 1988. Thereafter, the race moved to Yonkers Raceway in Yonkers, New York. The initial running was held at a distance of , with subsequent races held at a distance of .
In advance of its third running in 1961, "The New York Times" described that "There are many harness racing stakes that are older and quite a few that are richer, but there is none, that for glamour, pageantry, excitement and wild wagering matches the Roosevelt International Trot."
Race history.
1959.
In 1959, a trotter from France named Jamin was scheduled to run in the inaugural International Trot at Roosevelt Raceway. The track's publicist, Joe Goldstein spread the word that the horse's chances were affected by the loss of over 150 pounds of artichokes that had been impounded, and then misplaced, by the United States Department of Agriculture at Idlewild Airport. Goldstein placed ads in "The New York Times" and "New York Herald Tribune" that read "French Trotter Needs Artichokes. Can You Help?", including a phone number of Roosevelt Raceway. Newspapers gave the story extensive play, with locals bring their backyard-grown artichokes to the track and United Airlines flying artichokes in from Watsonville, California, the artichoke capital of America. The horse was energized after eating the artichokes, or so Goldstein said, and went on to win the race in front of a crowd of 45,000. Jamin held on to win in front of a crowd of 48,000 spectators, with the Italian horse Tornese in second by half a length and betting favorite Trader Horn, an American entry, in third, 2¼ lengths out of second. Jamin ran the mile-and-a-half in 3:08.6.
1960.
Both first-time champion Jamin and Ruder Konge of Denmark dropped out of the 1960 race. The 9-year old Hairos II, driven by Willem Geersen, went on to win the mile-and-a-quarter second running in a field of seven in a time of 2:34, defeating the Italian horse Crevalcore by a half-length, with the American entry Silver Song, a 9-5 favorite, in third by a half-length behind Crevalcore. The crowd of 54,861 set a record, breaking the prior mark of 50,337 set at the track in August 1957.
1961.
Hairos II was unable to defend his title in the 1961 race, after suffering a bowed tendon during a win in a race in The Hague. At the 1961 International Trot, a French horse named Kracovie that had won that year's European circuit was missing a stablemate, either a mountain sheep or a goat, that could not be brought into the United States due to quarantine regulations, and would not eat in the absence of its companion. As described by George Vecsey in the Times, "The entertainer Tina Louise just happened to have a goat in her Manhattan apartment. Wearing a low-cut dress, she and her agent and the goat paid a mission of mercy to Roosevelt." Despite the publicity, and the goat, Kracovie lost the race to Su Mac Lad, with Tie Silk in third. Su Mac Lad, driven by Stanley Dancer, finished in a time of 2:34.4 in driving rain and a sloppy track in front of 28,105 racing fans.
1962.
The lightly regarded Canadian horse Tie Silk, who had finished in third the previous year and sixth the year before, won the $50,000 race in front of a crowd of 53,279. Six-year old Tie Silk, driven by Keith Waples, won in a time of 2:34.2, with favorite and returning winner Su Mac Lad in second and world record holder Porterhouse in third. The betting handle of $2,793,596 set a world record for a harness racing program, breaking the prior record set at the second running of the International Trot.
1963.
Su Mac Lad, who had won in 1961 but dropped to second in 1962, returned to win the 1963 running in a seven-horse field, before a crowd of 41,197 of what "The New York Times" called "screaming harness racing buffs". The Dutch horse Martini II came in second, with returning champion Tie Silk in third. Driven by Stanley Dancer, Su Mac Lad paid bettors $2.90 to win in tying a world record at the 1¼-mile distance with a time of 2:32.6. The 9-to-20 favorite came in a half-length ahead of Martini II who in turn beat Tie Silk by 7.5 lengths. The $25,000 taken home by Su Mac Lad brought his career winnings to $687,549, the most of any pacer or trotter as of that date.
1989.
After the demise of Roosevelt Raceway in 1988, the race was relocated to Yonkers Raceway.
Past winners.
Winners of the race include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21570386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570386" title="Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll">
Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll

Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll (17 January 1801 – 16 January 1856; born Elizabeth FitzClarence) was an illegitimate daughter of King William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan. She married William Hay, 18th Earl of Erroll, and became Countess of Erroll on 4 December 1820 at age 19. Due to Hay's parentage, William Hay became Lord Steward of the Household. Elizabeth and William Hay married at St George's, Hanover Square. Hay is pictured in a FitzClarence family portrait in House of Dun and kept a stone thrown at her father William IV and the gloves he wore on opening his first Parliament as mementos. She died in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Children and descendants.
Elizabeth and William Hay together had four children.
British Prime Minister David Cameron is a fourth great grandson of Elizabeth Hay, thus making him the fifth cousin, twice removed to Queen Elizabeth II according to Debrett's.

</doc>
<doc id="21570391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570391" title="Concepcion, San Pablo">
Concepcion, San Pablo

Barangay Concepcion is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located near the heart of the city and bounded by Brgy. Sta. Isabel on east, Brgy. San Pedro on north Brgy. San Francisco on south, and the city proper on west. It is the fourth most populous barangay in the city.
Landmarks.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21570409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570409" title="Osment">
Osment

Osment may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21570425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570425" title="The Lobby (improv)">
The Lobby (improv)

The Lobby is an improvisational comedy group based in Southern California. Unlike many improv groups, which are composed of many members who perform on a rotating basis, The Lobby is a small, close-knit group. The audience gets to know each of the players and feel they are part of the group. The Lobby also irregularly puts up a podcast, which further allows their audience to connect with the players.
History.
The Lobby was formed by Josh Nicols, Matt Thomas, and Chase Hooper in the lobby of the Haugh Performing Arts Center while rehearsing for an adult Christmas show. However, the name, "The Lobby," comes from the 1950s advertisement jingle played in movie theaters, "Let's All Go to the Lobby."
The Lobby first performed on December 23, 2005 at the Renaissance Theatre in Glendora, California. After the Renaissance Theatre closed at the end of 2007, The Lobby moved to The Fontana Community Players' Theatre in Fontana, California and STAGEStheatre in Fullerton, California, where they currently remain.
On April 8, 2009, MyFOX Los Angeles announced that The Lobby was voted "Best Improv Comedy Group" in Orange County for 2009. The Lobby won again in 2010.
The Lobby started the Orange County Improv Cup, an improv tournament with randomly assigned teams of improvisers from all over Southern California, to raise money for the Hole in the Wall Camps. The team of Tony Rey, Staci Pratt, Kristin Sanchez, and Jill Tsai won the first ever Improv Cup title.
Format.
The Lobby usually performs shortform improv, very similar to the styles of "Whose Line is it Anyway?" and ComedySportz. A normal show consists of 10 to 12 short improv games that are each based on a suggestion from the audience.
Every shortform show contains a game in which The Lobby's host, Josh Nicols, interviews an audience member and then the game is played based on that interview. An example of an interview game is Eulogy, in which the players act out the audience member's funeral. The Lobby has also invented several games, such as CSI: Punnsylvania, which is based on the television show . CSI: Punnsylvania was featured in William Hall's book, "The Playbook, Improv Games for Performers".
Occasionally, The Lobby has performed a longform show. The format of the longform show is based on a genre of movie (such as a romantic comedy or comic book movie). The host gets a handful of suggestions from the audience, and then the players act out a twenty minute movie based on those suggestions.

</doc>
<doc id="21570437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570437" title="Wheatley railway station">
Wheatley railway station

Wheatley railway station was on the Wycombe Railway and served the village of Wheatley in Oxfordshire.
It was opened in 1864 as part of an extension from Thame to Oxford. The railway crossed the steep road of Ladder Hill by a bridge. The station was on the east side of Ladder Hill.
In 1963 British Railways withdrew passenger services between Princes Risborough and Oxford, closed all intermediate stations including Wheatley, and dismantled the track between Thame and Morris Cowley.
Kelham Hall Drive and Kimber Close have been built on the site of Wheatley station. One of the pub's bars is decorated with many items of railway memorabilia, some of which relate to the former railway through Wheatley station.

</doc>
<doc id="21570443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570443" title="Bernard Wilson (American football)">
Bernard Wilson (American football)

Bernard Wilson (born August 17, 1970 in Nashville, Tennessee) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League. He was signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 1993. He played college football at Tennessee State.
Wilson also played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Arizona Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21570473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570473" title="New Zealand Internet Blackout">
New Zealand Internet Blackout

The New Zealand Internet Blackout was an online protest spearheaded by the Creative Freedom Foundation NZ against changes to copyright law in New Zealand, most notably Section 92A of the Copyright (New Technologies) Amendment Act.
Origins.
The protest originated at the 2009 Kiwi Foo Camp in Warkworth and ran from 16 to 23 February. Internet users changed their avatars to black squares, to symbolise what opponents of Section 92A regard as guilt by accusation. In particular, they point to the clause in Section 92A which states "Internet service providers must have policy for terminating accounts of repeat infringers". Additionally protesters were encouraged to sign a petition and/or write to their MP.
Notable supporters of the blackout campaign included Russell Brown, Nathan Torkington, Stephen Fry, Neil Gaiman, Cory Doctorow, Leo Laporte, and technology journalist Juha Saarinen who asked Fry if he would help out with the protest.
On 19 February 2009 about 200 people, including internet service provider (ISP) representatives, artists, musicians, writers, and bloggers — most of them holding up plain black placards, and some with taped mouths — protested and presented a petition outside Parliament at lunchtime. Wellington-based MP Peter Dunne addressed the protesters, announcing that on the previous day he had separate meetings with Commerce Minister Simon Power and Prime Minister John Key over the issue.
On 23 February John Key announced that Section 92A would be delayed until 27 March. Subsequently on Monday, 23 March, it was announced that Section 92A would be removed and redrafted.
The online petition maintained by the Creative Freedom Foundation has over 17,000 signatures.
Second blackout.
Anti-piracy legislation was re-introduced in April 2011 by the New Zealand Government under the Copyright (Infringing File Sharing) Amendment Bill. Although somewhat watered down from the original Section 92a legislation, it still contained forcible disconnection provisions, and was passed under urgency by all parties with the exception of the Greens and two dissident MPs, Chris Carter and Hone Harawira. This use of urgency was highly controversial, with many in the Internet community accusing the Government of invoking urgency to push through highly contentious laws. Additionally, many opponents of the new law called for a return of the 2009 blackout, who also ridiculed the televised performances of several MPs who defended the law. 

</doc>
<doc id="21570475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570475" title="Bush Island (Nunavut)">
Bush Island (Nunavut)

Bush Island is a small, remote island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Hudson Strait, off the north end of Killiniq Island, separared by Port Harvey, a small bay. It measures long and wide. The elevation is approximately above sea level.
Perrett Island, Hettash Island, and Flat Island, lie off the west end of Bush Island, separated by Lenz Strait. Two island groups are close by, including the Knight Islands at away, and the Cape Chidley Islands at away.

</doc>
<doc id="21570492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570492" title="Ceanothus oliganthus">
Ceanothus oliganthus

Ceanothus oliganthus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Hairy ceanothus, or Hairy-leaf Ceanothus. 
The variety of this species known as jimbrush (var. "sorediatus") is sometimes treated as a separate species.
Habitat and range.
It is endemic to California, where it can be found in most of the coastal mountain ranges in dry habitat such as chaparral. 
It is found in the Santa Monica Mountains of California.
Growth Pattern.
This is a large, erect shrub approaching 3 meters in maximum height. 
Leaves and stems.
The stipules (small leaf-like structures on the stems at the base of the leaf stem, are thin and fall off early.
The evergreen leaves are alternately arranged and may be up to 4 centimeters long. They are dark green on top, paler and hairy on the underside, and are edged with glandular teeth. Leaves have 3 main veins rising from the base. Leaves have a toothed edge. The leaf is covered with short, soft hairs on the top. 
Branchlets are flexible, not stiff.
Inflorescense and fruit.
The inflorescence is a cluster or series of clusters of blue or purple flowers. 
The fruit is a capsule which may be hairy or not, depending on variety. 
The fruit is not horned.
It blooms April to May.

</doc>
<doc id="21570500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570500" title="Dundalk Historic District">
Dundalk Historic District

Dundalk Historic District is a national historic district in Baltimore, and Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. The district is a cohesive unit made up of residential, commercial, and institutional buildings with structures the generally date from 1910-1940. Major architectural styles represented include Period Revival (particularly Colonial Revival and Tudor Revival) and Art Deco/Streamline Moderne. The District includes 962 resources contribute to its significance. It includes the only two housing developments built by the United States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corporation (EFC) in Maryland during World War I and reflects experimentation with Garden City planning ideals. Many of the buildings within the District represent the work of noted Baltimore architect Edward L. Palmer, Jr..
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21570515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570515" title="List of Costa Rican monkey species">
List of Costa Rican monkey species

Four species of monkey are native to the forests of Costa Rica, the Central American Squirrel Monkey ("Saimiri oerstedii"), the White-headed Capuchin ("Cebus capucinus"), the Mantled Howler ("Alouatta palliata") and Geoffroy's Spider Monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi"). All four species are classified scientifically as New World Monkeys. Two of the species, the Central American Squirrel Monkey and the White-headed Capuchin, belong to the family Cebidae, the family containing the squirrel monkeys and capuchins. The other two species belong to the family Atelidae, the family containing the howler monkeys, spider monkeys, woolly monkeys and muriquis. Each of the four species can be seen in national parks within Costa Rica, where viewing them in natural surroundings is a popular tourist attraction. The only park in which all four species can be seen is Corcovado National Park, on the Osa Peninsula.
The smallest of the Costa Rican monkey species is the Central American Squirrel Monkey. Adult males average and adult females average . The Central American Squirrel Monkey has the most restricted range of any Costa Rican monkey, living only in secondary forests and partially logged primary forests on the central and south Pacific coast of Costa Rica, and on the Pacific coast of Panama near the Costa Rican border. In 2008, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) revised its conservation status to "vulnerable" after rating it "endangered" since 1982. The Central American Squirrel Monkey is most often seen in Manuel Antonio National Park and Corcovado National Park in Costa Rica.
The other three species have wider ranges within Costa Rica, each being found in forests over much of the country. The White-headed Capuchin, which has a range from Honduras to Ecuador, is the second smallest Costa Rican monkey. Adult males average and adult females average . The Mantled Howler, with a range from Mexico to Ecuador, is the second largest monkey species in Costa Rica. Adult males average and adult females average . Males make loud calls, especially at dawn and at dusk, that can be heard for several kilometers. Geoffroy's Spider Monkey, with a range from Mexico to Panama, is the largest of the Costa Rican monkeys, with males averaging and females averaging . It has long, slim arms and a long, prehensile tail. The IUCN has rated the White-headed Capuchin and Mantled Howler in the lowest concervation risk category of "least concern", and has rated Geoffroy's Spider Monkey as "endangered". Both the White-headed Capuchin and the Mantled Howler are commonly seen in Costa Rica's parks.
It is unknown why the Central American Squirrel Monkey has such a restricted range relative to the other Costa Rican monkey species. One theory is that the Central American Squirrel Monkey's ancestors arrived in Central America earlier than the ancestors of the other species. Under this theory, the squirrel monkey's ancestors arrived in Central America between 3 and 3.5 million years ago, but could not compete effectively when the ancestors of the other species arrived in Central America about 2 million years ago. The other species thus drove the squirrel monkey out of most of its original range. Another factor may be the Central American Squirrel Monkey's preference for lowland, coastal areas, which may make them more vulnerable to significant population declines due to occasional major hurricanes.
Two other monkey species are sometimes reported as living in Costa Rica, Geoffroy's Tamarin ("Saguinus geoffroyi") and the Panamanian Night Monkey ("Aotus zonalis" or "Aotus lemurinus zonalis"). The western edge of Geoffroy's Tamarin's known range is just west of the Panama Canal zone, about from the Costa Rica border, and thus reports of it living in Costa Rica are most likely erroneous. Confusion may have resulted from the fact that over part of its range Geoffroy's Tamarin is locally referred to as "mono titi", which is a name also used for the Central American Squirrel Monkey in Costa Rica. Reports of the Panamanian Night Monkey living in Costa Rica are plausible, since the species is known to occur on the Caribbean coast of Panama not far from the Costa Rica border. However, reports of it living in Costa Rica have not been confirmed by scientists.

</doc>
<doc id="21570518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570518" title="Swango (musical)">
Swango (musical)

Swango is a dance musical conceived and choreographed by Mariela Franganillo and Robert Royston, with a script by Rupert Holmes.
The original production played in the off-Broadway Swing 46 jazz club in 2002 and moved to the Helen Hayes Theatre in Nyack, New York in 2003. It received mixed reviews. In both productions, Franganillo and Royston played the lovers. It played at theatres in White Plains, New York and Queens, New York in 2005.
Plot.
A "Romeo and Juliet"-type story loosely based on "West Side Story". A girl from the Argentine Tango world meets a boy from the West Coast Swing crew. A bartender narrates the conflict as the two groups compete to take over a new dance club in a converted warehouse. When the lovers come together, they create the fusion of Tango and Swing suggested by the title.

</doc>
<doc id="21570535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570535" title="Tiddington railway station">
Tiddington railway station

Tiddington railway station was on the Wycombe Railway and served the village of Tiddington, Oxfordshire.
On 24 October 1864 the Wycombe Railway opened an extension from Thame to Oxford. The line passed just south of Tiddington, although Tiddington was not provided at first with a station, the station being opened and appearing on timetables for the first time on the 1st June 1866. The station building being constructed in timber with a small canopy over part of the platform. A signal box was provided in 1892 but was downgraded to a ground frame by 1907. 
On 7 January 1963 British Railways withdrew passenger services between Princes Risborough and Oxford, closed all intermediate stations including Tiddington, and dismantled the track between Thame and Morris Cowley.

</doc>
<doc id="21570536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570536" title="W275BK">
W275BK

W275BK FM 102.9 is a 160-watt broadcast translator, that has Decatur, Georgia, as its city of license. Recently off-air, it is licensed to cover the central part of metro Atlanta. It currently airs "Praise 102-5" (WPZE FM 102.95), but is legally assigned instead to WAMJ FM 107.5.
Circumventing translator restrictions & lawsuit.
In 2009, the station was assigned to WWVA-FM 105.7, allowing it to circumvent the prohibition on airing original programming by having it simulcast on an HD Radio channel on WWVA. On April 4, it became hip-hop Streetz 102.9, but went silent a few days later when the person responsible for the new station, the former head of the Radio One Atlanta station group, was sued by Radio One for allegedly using his former position to take the group's intellectual property (including remixes) and violating a non-compete clause. 
The translator was started by Radio Assist Ministry and was granted a construction permit in late May 2004 as W223AO FM 92.5. It does not appear to have gone on-air until 2007, when it finally received a broadcast license to cover, and supposedly relayed Georgia Public Broadcasting station WJSP-FM 88.1 (apparently without permission). In August 2008, it changed to W222BE FM 92.3, and then under an engineering-related special temporary authorization filed the day after it got its license for this, changed a month later to its current callsign and frequency. It was almost immediately sold to Extreme Media Group, which is owned and run by one of the two people previously involved with Radio One. In early 2009, it went on-air relaying WCLK FM 91.9.
Another local station which airs its own programming, W250BC FM 97.9, was also started by RAM and then sold to EMG. It traded the station to Cumulus Media in exchange for another one. Because of that station being involved with EMG, Cumulus was also named in the lawsuit, though there was no injunction preventing that station from operating.
The station was located on one of the two towers near Edgewood. It was authorized to transmit 110 (previously 170) watts at HAAT, but as of March 2012 it was still off-air. Its calculated broadcast range is roughly the same as the area within Interstate 285, but offset a few miles or several kilometers to the southeast.
In December 2009, the lawsuit was resolved such that this translator was transferred to Radio One (via ROA Licenses LLC, meaning Radio One Atlanta) in February 2010, giving it a fifth radio station in Atlanta, as the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allows translators to ignore the restrictions on excessive concentration of media ownership in a media market. Although the license transferred had not yet been FCC-approved, the translator was assigned per the consent decree to parent station WAMJ FM 107.5, owned by Radio One.
Power, range, and format.
In January 2010, the station applied for and was granted a construction permit to increase to 160 watts at , and relocate west to the WUPA TV 43 (69.1) tower in the Inman Park neighborhood of Atlanta. It submitted an application for a license to cover the permit in early April 2010, and within a few days started transmitting WHTA FM 107.9, which is also carried on WAMJ's HD Radio channel 2. As is common in radio broadcasting, this may or may not have been the radio format that the station's owners intended to use long-term, but rather one intended to mislead competitors. As of June 2012 however, it was still broadcasting WHTA, thus it appeared the only purpose of the station is to cause radio tuners doing a channel scan to stop immediately before getting to competitor V-103 (WVEE FM 103.3), two channels (0.4 MHz) directly above the "translator".
In late June 2012, the format and voiceovers of Streetz 102.9 returned to W233BF as "Streetz 94-5". In early July 2012, W275BK switched from airing "Hot 107-9" (WHTA FM 107.9) to Praise 102.5, while still listing WAMJ as the primary station, both with the FCC and in the required hourly station IDs. The hourly ID lists all three stations (WPZE, WAMJ HD2, and W275BK) at every hour, rather than omitting the translator's callsign except for certain required times as other stations do. The station does not extend the coverage of WPZE.
In the northern and eastern suburbs, the station is often overwhelmed by WDUN-FM 102.9 in Gainesville, Georgia. Overnight temperature inversions cause cooler air to settle in the Chattahoochee River valley, which then traps and directs the signal southwestward toward the metro area.

</doc>
<doc id="21570552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570552" title="VI-D, San Pablo">
VI-D, San Pablo

Barangay VI-D (or simply 6-D) is an urban and one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the city proper. Situated here is the San Pablo City National High School.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21570594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570594" title="The Blue Angels (TV series)">
The Blue Angels (TV series)

The Blue Angels is a 1960-1961 American syndicated television series about the Blue Angels of the United States Navy. The program starred Dennis Cross as Commander Arthur Richards, the head of a four-man squadron which tours the country to give flight exhibitions. Don Gordon starred as Lieutenant Hank Bertelli, Michael Galloway as Lieutenant Russ MacDonald, Morgan Jones as Commander Donovan, Warner Jones as Captain Wilbur Scott, Robert Knapp as crewman Zeke Powers, and Ross Elliott as crewman Cort Ryker. Simeon G. Gallu, Jr., produced the series.
Burt Reynolds appeared twice ("Fire Flight" and "Powder Puff Mechanic") as Chuck Corman, and William Bryant twice played the role of Charlie Robinson in "Sierra Survival" and "The Diamond Goes to War". Selected "Blue Angels" episodes and guest stars include: "Angel on Trial", the series premiere, "The Jarheads" (with Ed Nelson as a cocky flight instructor named Lieutenant Dayl Martin), "Fire Flight" with Burt Reynolds and Dick Jones, "Tiger Blood" (Judy Lewis as a girlfriend of Lieutenant MacDonald who has trouble with her brother), "Carrier Test" (Eddie Foy, III, as Jimmy Wallace), "Don't Scream at a Jet" (Stephen Talbot and Will Wright), "Sierra Survival" (William Bryant), "Alien Entry" (Don Haggerty as Joe Wine), "The Duster" (Bing Russell), "The Blue Leaders" (Ernest Borgnine), "The Sticking Season" (Barbara Stuart). 
"The Blue Angels" was released by California National Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="21570598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570598" title="Qu'Appelle-Wolseley">
Qu'Appelle-Wolseley

Qu'Appelle-Wolseley is a former provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. This district was created before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934 by combining the constituencies of South Qu'Appelle and Wolseley. Redrawn and renamed "Indian Head-Wolseley" in 1975, the riding was dissolved before the 23rd Saskatchewan general election in 1995.
It is now part of the Indian Head-Milestone and Regina Wascana Plains constituencies.
Election results.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|8,689
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|9,620
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|8,591
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|9,626
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|9,324
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|9,214
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|8,172
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,877
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,556
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,010
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
Indian Head-Wolseley.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,290
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,236
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|7,449
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,876
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|6,860
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|

</doc>
<doc id="21570605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570605" title="Wakeman Sound">
Wakeman Sound

Wakeman Sound is a sound on the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located in the area north of the Broughton Archipelago, which lies on the north side of Queen Charlotte Strait, on the northeast side of Broughton Island. It is a sidewater opening of and opening north off Kingcome Inlet.
It is the traditional home of the Haxwa'mis, who are a part of the Kwakwaka'wakw. Recently, the Haxwa'mis people amalgamated with the Kwikwasut'inuxw and are known as the Kwikwasut'inuxw Haxwa'mis.
Indian reserves and villages.
Alalco Indian Reserve No. 8 is at the mouth of the Wakeman River into Wakeman Sound, on its west shore at , which is on the site of Okwialis, a former village of the Haxwa'mis, also spelled "huxwiay'lis" and "Atlalko". at To the south, on the shore of Wakeman Sound, is Dug-da-myse Indian Reserve No. 12, at , and to the south of that is another Indian reserve, Kyidagwis Indian Reserve No. 2 at 
Surrounding terrain.
Mount Benedict is located on the east side of the sound at while Perpendicular Mountain is located immediately northwest of the head of the sound at Mount Beckford is located on the west side of the sound near its opening at Southeast of it is Elizabeth Cone at In between those two is Mount Pasmore at On the other side of the sound, above its entrance, is Mount Plowden at North of it on the east side of the sound is Mount Walter at .

</doc>
<doc id="21570617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570617" title="Dermatopolymyositis">
Dermatopolymyositis

Dermatopolymyositis (also called PM/DM) is a family of myositis disorders that includes polymyositis and dermatomyositis.

</doc>
<doc id="21570645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570645" title="Marina Karella">
Marina Karella

Marina, Consort of Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark (Marina Karella)-(Μαρίνα Καρέλλα) (born 17 July 1940) is a Greek artist. She is married to Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark. However, because this marriage is considered morganatic, she did not gain the title of 'Princess Michael of Greece and Denmark' and cannot style herself as 'Her Royal Highness'. Despite this, she is able to call herself "Marina, Consort of Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark".

</doc>
<doc id="21570660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570660" title="Ortigas &amp; Company Limited Partnership">
Ortigas &amp; Company Limited Partnership

Ortigas & Company Limited Partnership is a real estate company which counts in its portfolio some of the Philippines' residential, business and commercial developments - including the landmark - Greenhills Shopping Center, the financial district - Ortigas Center, value regional shopping destination - Tiendesitas, in the mixed-use prime location of Frontera Verde, residential acres - Valle Verde and Greenmeadows.
Current Projects.
OCLP's current portfolio includes Greenhills Shopping Center, Circulo Verde, Tiendesitas, Frontera Verde, Luntala Valle Verde, The Viridian and Capitol Commons. The company also developed premium commercial and residential areas such as Wack-Wack, Wack Wack Golf and Country Club, Valle Verde and Greenhills. Ortigas & Company and HSBC went into discussion with SM Investments Corporation to sell a controlling stake in the company worth US$1 billion. However, as of July 2012, OCLP bought out HSBC's shares in the company and blocked SM's offer to forge a deal with Ayala Land.

</doc>
<doc id="21570678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570678" title="Euphorbia chamaesyce">
Euphorbia chamaesyce

Euphorbia chamaesyce called prostrate spurge, is an annual plant in the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to southern North America, and has been introduced and established in other areas of North America and other countries worldwide. 
It is a prostrate plant, with stems growing along the ground up to 45 cm or longer. The leaves are oval in shape, up to one cm long, and arranged in opposite pairs. The flowers are very small, with four greenish white petals. It grows in sunny locations and a variety of soils, and is frequently found as a weed in gardens. The seeds are sharply quadrangular in shape, about 1mm long, and marked with 3 or 4 transverse ridges.

</doc>
<doc id="21570685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570685" title="George Baird Hodge">
George Baird Hodge

George Baird Hodge (April 8, 1828 – August 1, 1892) was an attorney, Confederate politician and general from the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Early life.
Hodge was born in Fleming County, Kentucky to William and Sarah (Baird) Hodge. He received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland and was graduated as a midshipman, December 16, 1845. Hodge was later promoted to acting lieutenant, but eventually resigned his commission January 28, 1850. Hodge married Keturah Moss Tibbatts, daughter of Colonel John Wooleston Tibbatts. They had seven children: S. Catherine Taylor (c.1853-1886), Anna Taylor (1854–1923), Jane "Nan"/"Nannie" (1855–1856), Mary (1856–1869), William Baird (1857–1873), Georgena Baird (1859–1927), and John T. (1864–1934).
Politics.
Hodge unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives in 1852. He was later admitted to the bar in Newport, Kentucky where he practiced law for several years. In 1859, Hodge was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives as a Democrat. The following year he served as an elector for the Breckinridge ticket.
Civil War.
Hodge enlisted in the Confederate Army as a private in 1861. Soon thereafter, he was chosen to represent Kentucky in the Provisional Confederate Congress from 1861 to 1862. When Hodge was not present in Richmond, Virginia, he was promoted to captain and assistant adjutant general in Breckinridge's First Kentucky Brigade. Hodge received a promotion to major May 6, 1862 for gallantry at the Battle of Shiloh and served as a cavalry brigade commander under Joseph Wheeler and Nathan Bedford Forrest. Wheeler commended Hodge for his service during the Middle Tennessee Raid. Forrest, however, relieved Hodge of his command, charging him with incompetence and cowardice. Hodge was acquitted of the charges and later reinstated to field command. He was promoted to colonel May 6, 1863 and briefly served as inspector-general at Cumberland Gap.
Hodge represented Kentucky in the House of Representatives of the First Confederate Congress from February 18, 1862 to February 17, 1864. After his term expired, he was promoted to colonel and inspector-general and assigned command of the District of Southwest Mississippi and East Louisiana, a post he held until the end of the war. Hodge was promoted acting brigadier general November 20, 1863, but the promotion was not endorsed by the Confederate Senate. The promotion was resubmitted August 2, 1864 and, again, went unconfirmed. In 1865, his commission as brigadier general was approved.
Later life.
After the Civil War, Hodge returned to his law practice in Newport. He remained active in politics and served as an elector for the Greeley ticket in 1872. Hodge was elected to the Kentucky Senate and served 1873 to 1877. He also became an orange grower and spent the last years of his life in Florida. 
He died August 1, 1892 in Longwood, Florida and was interred in Seminole, Florida. His remains were moved to Evergreen Cemetery, Southgate, Kentucky in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="21570693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570693" title="Littlemore railway station">
Littlemore railway station

Littlemore railway station was on the Wycombe Railway and served Littlemore in Oxfordshire. Littlemore was then a village but is now a suburb of Oxford.
The Wycombe Railway opened the station in 1864 as part of its extension from Thame to Oxford.
In 1963 British Railways withdrew passenger services between Princes Risborough and Oxford and closed all intermediate stations including Littlemore. The line through Littlemore remains open for freight traffic between the Didcot - Oxford main line at Kennington Junction and the BMW Mini factory at Cowley.

</doc>
<doc id="21570719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570719" title="Disruptive solutions process">
Disruptive solutions process

The disruptive solutions process (DSP) is a concept for innovation execution applied to the mishap prevention part of the combat operations process, often at tactical or operational level, primarily in Air National Guard applications. However, it has been used successfully in other government agencies and in the private sector. At its core is the notion of iterative, low cost, first-to-market development. The term 'disruptive' was borrowed from the marketing term disruptive technologies. DSP was created in 2005 by fighter pilot and United States Air Force/Air National Guard Colonel Edward Vaughan.
Overview.
Typical defense industry bureaucratic approach to problem solving involves exquisite, enterprise solutions requiring long lead times, establishment of large, standing teams, and relative inflexibility. The long development cycles and lead times associated with this approach sometimes result in fielding a solution that is no longer relevant. Conversely, when resources are constrained, bureaucratic staff adopt a tactic of continuous process improvement, similar to that espoused in Kaizen, total quality management, and Lean Six Sigma. This further discourages innovation and perpetuates low value programs and work teams that should be eliminated altogether rather than "improved".
Because most preventable "safety" mishaps are caused by human factors (83% of Fiscal Year 2007 Air Force major mishap costs due to human factors per AF Safety Center) and can be traced to human cultural and behavioral issues, according to DSP, safety can and should uniquely apply a "disruptive" solution set to addressing the issues. Such a disruptive, iterative approach may not be appropriate in otherwise hardware-centric, large budget programs, such an aircraft procurement and production.
To address the safety cultural issues associated with mishap prevention in a large bureaucracy, Air National Guard safety directorate pursued a disruptive approach in requirement definition, problem identification, solution vetting, funding, and procurement. Using Boyd's Observe, Orient, Decide, Act OODA Loop to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of the process, DSP was created. However, taking on a bureaucracy is not without its downside. Fiefdoms and stovepipes within the system attempt to protect their "turf" and "lanes" with rules, regulations, and non-stop administrative delays and paperwork. All this requires commitment to a long-term solution set, while constantly changing the solution itself in order to work through the bureaucratic hurdles.
The DSP approach is both persistent and adaptive, which makes it entrepreneurial, according to Christopher Gergen and Gregg Vanourek in their article "Fending off the Recession with 'Adaptive Persistence'", published in the Harvard Business Review, April 2009. They write... "Persistence is about refusing to give up even in the face of adversity. Adaptation is about shortening the time to success through ingenuity and flexibility. 'Adaptive persistence' entails alternating between anticipation, changing course, and sticking with it, deftly navigating that paradox with aplomb."
Basic process.
The "process" is executed similar to a venture capitalist's portfolio of projects in that the team invests small amounts of resources in many disruptive ideas. Steps in the process are not rigorous and may be eliminated, combined, or reordered as appropriate to the desired outcome. Then the team assesses initial demonstrations and validations (DEM/VAL) of those solutions, choosing only to fully develop those that show success and return on the investment. Within the simplified OODA (Observe, Orient, Decide, Act) model, step 1 would be observe, steps 2 and 3 combine to form orient, steps 4 and 5 are decide, and step 6 is act.
Essentially DSP is a six-step process that runs counter to the military mantra of "requirements driven", which is backwards-looking, and focuses instead on projecting future market needs that will eventually become formal requirements, but not currently identified as such. This is accomplished by looking at front-line problem solving activity and scaling these solutions up. These six steps, when applied rapidly, can get ahead of recognition, providing viable solutions at the point and time of need:
1. POLL FIELD—IDEA MINING: use network of professionals at the field unit level to identify best practice mishap prevention, education, mishap investigation, procurement, and other tools. Project unpublished requirements by including end-use customers in the idea mining process. Look for full and partial solutions.
2. CONSOLIDATE / RACK AND STACK: Heuristically sort list of ideas into groups based on resource requirements, proven record, technology leveraging, mission accomplishment, Department of Defense, Air Force Instruction, and National Guard Bureau identified needs. Based on chosen development cycles, monthly, quarterly, etc., rank order all projects based on overall value to the force using DSP assessment algorithm (citation forthcoming after public release of algorithm).
3. ELIMINATE BAD FITS: Scrub the list for those items requiring major hardware, Air Force Major Command level funding, or other special, difficult to acquire funding or processes. Enterprise-level and/or exquisite programs are anathema to this innovative process. Additionally remove from consideration solutions that duplicate or compete directly with future programmed or existing military programs unless the cost savings is significant. Eliminate those programs that are not scalable in scope.
4. SELECT AND DEM/VAL: Consider resource requirements and rapidly source field unit funding or headquarters seed monies in the sub-$50K range to perform a limited DEM/VAL of concept. Many technology solutions can be demonstrated with little or no initial funding. Air National Guard Safety office has a presentation on creative funding without a budget. Use rapid contracting mechanisms through government contracting office, primarily employing SBA set-asides, blanket purchase agreements, or previously procured assets that may be re-roled into current use. This requires expert contracting officers and staff who possess training in performing basic functions of government contracting officer representative, or contracting officer technical representative. The key is to remove barriers to execution that typically delay other military efforts.
5. ITERATE FOR RESULTS: Establish definition of success at the outset. Measurable and reportable. Demonstrate measurable results within six months and seek further external and scalable funding from sources such as DARPA, Defense Safety Oversight Council (DSOC), other services, other government agencies, etc. Match requirements to resources and solutions.
6. LEAD AND MARKET: lead the effort on behalf of the United States Department of Defense, Joint, Interagency, etc. and tighten the OODA loop down to nothing. Essentially creating an agile, continuous loop so tight, Boyd might describe it as an OODA Point. Market the solution intensely and seek buy in by returning the solution to same experts that initially proposed it. Identify capable project leaders to run with the project.
REPEAT PROCESS.
History and program successes.
DSP was initiated during OIF in 2004, when a joint, interagency team, led by then-Major Edward Vaughan and then-Major Cameron Guthrie, created Project BLACK MOUNTAIN. The project evolved from a combined requirement to better share real-time tactical data among ground and air forces, as well as promote mid-air collision avoidance (MACA) within the area of responsibility (AOR). This project, which is no longer classified, assembled an ad hoc tactical datalink using in situ components within an Internet Protocol-normalized network throughout United States Central Command's AOR. Data from otherwise incompatible systems was shared in near real time using data packet conversion methods, developed on location. BLACK MOUNTAIN provided a viable fill in the gaps left by the dismantled Battlefield Universal Gateway Equipment (BUG-E) gateway solution by distributing a redundant, universal concept of operations to remote stations. The disruptive and austere nature of the solution project, and its unexpected and rapid success, led to creation of DSP as one way of streamlining bureaucracy in both combat non-combat environments.
More recently, DSP has been used in the ANG and USAF to create and field mishap prevention programs. Safety programs created, executed, or developed using DSP:
SEE AND AVOID – Joint DOD and Interagency with AOPA, EAA, and FAA. It is a web based civilian-military midair collision avoidance program created by ANG, considered best practice. ACC is partner; AFCENT asked for Iraq, Afghanistan coverage, now under contract, led by FAA, ANG and Air Combat Command.
WingmanProject.org: Originally fielded as RealBase ANG-wide...Comprehensive Commander’s Toolkit identifies safety issues, provides tools for Commanders and care practitioners to address; created by ANG after 2007 Safety Stand Down Day to provide ONE STOP SHOPPING for commanders and leaders. The RealBase web portal ran through 2009, when IT officials at the National Guard Bureau suspended it. In 2011, the program was relaunched as Wingman Day. The Air Force Safety Center took the RealBase Toolkit concept and developed one-stop-shopping online tool kits hosted on the secure Air Force Portal.
Maintenance Resource Management (MRM): Joint DOD-wide. Originated by Lt Col Doug Slocum (AZ ANG) --see Maintenance Resource Management. ANG included it in DSP and took it DOD-wide with ANG and DOD funding...now Air Force program mandated by Air Force Instruction 21–101. Air Force Safety Center will propose way ahead on ORM revitalization & role of CRM / MRM.
FlyAwake: ANG-wide, soon to be DOD-wide Joint Service. 201 Airlift Squadron (DC ANG), under command of Col Woody Akins, originated the basic concept for a web-based fatigue risk management tool which returns quantitative fatigue analysis for given flight schedule. This tool was based on the algorithm contained within FAST. Under direction of program manager Captain Lynn Lee, the ANG integrated it into the DSP and took it ANG-wide, then DOD-wide.
Wingman Project: The Wingman Project went live on 2 Feb 9 at Tucson, Arizona. Wingman Project is an ANG suicide intervention initiative that SHOWS, not tells, family and friends of distressed Airmen how to intervene to save a life, using a validated model known as ACE (Ask, Care, Escort). The Wingman Project provides training and awareness through media outreach in 54 U.S. states and territories.
ANG AFCAST (online safety cultural survey) was the first Air National Guard variant of AFCAST. Dr. (Lt Col) Tracy Dillinger developed AFCAST for the US Air Force. In 2006/2007, Air National Guard provided key funding to the Air Force Safety Center to keep the AFCAST program viable. In return, a customized cultural tool for ANG, called ANG AFCAST was developed in 2006/2007 by the Chief of ANG Flight Safety in collaboration with Dr. Bob Figlock. The Defense Safety Oversight Council later funded the Joint Safety Climate Assessment System, under the leadership of Col Don White. ANG adopted JSCAS in lieu of ANG AFCAST based on better effectiveness. JSCAS and Joint MRM were briefed together in 2007 by ANG Safety officers to the Chief of the Navy Safety Center at Norfolk as complementary programs. Used to assess unit cultural issues and target solutions to the base needs. JSCAS
dBird bird mortality model. Created and developed as interagency program combining partners from CDC, Smithsonian, NSF, USDA, DHS, and NOAA under ANG leadership to track, target, and predict movements of pathogen-infected bird flocks using BASH resources such as BAM/AHAS, NexRAD radar system, and others. 
BASH: ANG has comprehensive full-service BASH assessments and plan writing program, with MIPR and contracts from ANG to USDA and the world’s leading expert in avian wildlife biology, Dr. Russ DeFusco.
Air Reserve Component Chief of Safety Course (ARCCOS) – created by the ANG in 2005, ARCCOS is tailored to ANG/AFRC needs; syllabus designed and course taught by ANG, well represented at active duty mishap investigation courses.
Low Altitude Deconfliction Program – Deconflict.org is online scheduling function with FAA's MADE program to provide collision avoidance for military aircraft operating in low altitude environment.
Ready 54 – Ready54.org is online joint resiliency outreach and education tool with associated mobile apps. Ready 54 is a joint endeavor between the Air and Army National Guard.
In the news.
On September 25, 2009, Dr. John Ohab of the American Forces Press Service, and host of Armed With Science, interviewed Lt Col Edward Vaughan about the Disruptive Solutions Process. An article about that interview can be found here Defense News Service. A direct link to the interview here 

</doc>
<doc id="21570722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570722" title="Hornslet">
Hornslet

Hornslet is a village located in East Jutland, on the westernmost Djursland, Denmark. It is a Commuter town of the city of Aarhus, which lies approximately 28 kilometers to the southwest, and a railway town at Grenaabanen, the railroad between the cities of Aarhus and Grenaa. Hornslet is located in Syddjurs Municipality, which in turn is part of Region Midtjylland, and has a population of 5.419 (1 January 2014).
Immediately outside the town is Rosenholm Castle, which belongs to the family Rosenkrantz. The castle has recently best known for having given facilities to DR's julekalender "Christmas at the Castle" from 1986. 
In the past, Hornslet was the largest town in and municipal seat of Rosenholm Municipality. In January 2007, it was merged with the neighbouring municipality of Rønde, to form the current Syddjurs Municipality.
In 2008 a spectacular Collapse of a wind turbine took place, which was filmed.

</doc>
<doc id="21570730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570730" title="Ken Jones (police officer)">
Ken Jones (police officer)

Sir Kenneth Lloyd "Ken" Jones, QPM is a British former police officer. He was a Deputy Commissioner of Victoria Police in Australia and a former President of Association of Chief Police Officers for England, Wales and Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom.
Early life.
Ken was born in Wales and received qualifications in Mechanical Engineering at Newtown Technical College before joining the South Yorkshire Police Service.
Police career.
With South Yorkshire Police, Jones served in a number of cities including Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley and Doncaster gaining experience with community beat duties, specialist detective work and the use of firearms. Whilst there he received three Chief Constable's Commendations.
He has commanded both rural and urban divisions. He gained experience abroad working as an anti corruption investigator in Hong Kong and as an election monitor in Zimbabwe. he visited the West Coast of the USA to study the growth of private policing.
Sir Ken has also served in Africa (Zimbabwe-Rhodesia), the United States (as a Fulbright Scholar at UCLA in 1996) and Hong Kong (in the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC)). He has a BA (Hons) and an MBA both from the University of Sheffield.
He was appointed Assistant Chief Constable of the Avon and Somerset Constabulary in 1997. He subsequently received the Queen's Police Medal in 2001 and was created a knight in the 2009 New Year honours list.
In November 2001 he was promoted to Chief Constable of Sussex Police, serving until 2006.
In 2006 Jones became the President of the Association Of Chief Police Officers ACPO
On 25 May 2009 it was announced that he had been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner (Crime) for Victoria Police in Australia. He assumed the duties of this role on 1 July 2009.
In December 2010, it was revealed that Jones had received a number of death threats, and had been issued with a Glock pistol for protection.
In May 2011, Jones announced his intention to resign in August 2011; public reaction has been mixed with members of the public supporting (including on Facebook) the notion of Jones replacing Simon Overland to become Victoria's next Police Commissioner. On 6 May 2011, Overland directed Sir Ken to take leave from the police force effective immediately.
Media.
During the time Sir Ken Jones served Victoria Police Force he became the subject of death threats which came to public light in December 2010 This signalled the start of the complicated relationship at the top of Victoria Police concerning the integrity of the presentation of crime statistics to the public between Jones and Overland. Concerns have been raised about Overland's actions as there is an ongoing investigation into allegations of Overland's own conduct with the former Brumby government, in particular the release of incomplete favorable crime statistics prior to the 2010 election. Jones had objected to this politicisation of policing. Jones was reportedly the subject of an investigation by the Office of Police Integrity requested by Overland, over Overland's suspicions that he helped media expose the cherry-picked crime statistics. However these reports were found to be untrue and harmful to Sir Ken Jones' career in a report published by the Ombudsman. IBAC Press release, para 5 : " Mr Kellam’s review concluded that the evidence available to OPI and set out in OPI’s final investigation report to the Ombudsman did not support an allegation that Sir Ken Jones QPM had engaged in serious misconduct by leaking or facilitating leaking to the media of confidential police information." This final report cleared Jones of any wrongdoing during his time at Victoria Police Force

</doc>
<doc id="21570790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570790" title="Elizabeth Beauchamp, Countess of Warwick">
Elizabeth Beauchamp, Countess of Warwick

Elizabeth Beauchamp ("née" de Berkeley), Countess of Warwick, Baroness de Lisle, and Baroness de Teyes (1386 – 28 December 1422) was an English noblewoman and heiress. She was the only child of Thomas de Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley and Margaret de Lisle, Baroness Lisle. 
With her father's death in 1417, Elizabeth and her husband Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick became involved in an inheritance dispute with her cousin James Berkeley, initiating one of the longest lawsuits in English history.
Life and inheritance.
Elizabeth de Berkeley was the only child born to Thomas de Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley by his wife Margaret de Lisle, Baroness Lisle. As such, Elizabeth was their sole heir, and was to inherit the baronies of Lisle and Tyes from her mother. Margaret died near 1392, but Elizabeth did not succeed to them until the death of Thomas in 1417, as he held the lands by tenure of courtesy. In September 1392, the Baron Berkeley negotiated Elizabeth's marriage to Richard de Beauchamp, eldest son and heir to Thomas de Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick. Elizabeth married him sometime before 5 October 1397, and became the Countess of Warwick in 1403. The marriage remained unconsummated for at least six years. Elizabeth gave birth to three girls:
Elizabeth's level of education and literacy is evident from a 1410 commission asking John Walton to translate Boethius' "De consolatione philosophiae"; he dedicated it in her name.
An inheritance dispute erupted with her father's death in 1417. Thomas had named her his heir, but many of his lands and estates, including Berkeley Castle, were entailed through the male line to Elizabeth's cousin James Berkeley. Elizabeth and her husband refused to accept the entail, thus "initiat one of the longest lawsuits in England," which lasted until 1609. After Lord Thomas' death, the Earl and Countess of Warwick quickly took control of the castle and gained the temporary permission of King Henry V to maintain it. James was unable to seize control of the castle, as Warwick and the king were then fighting in France. To gain support in the dispute, Elizabeth sought the help of John, Duke of Bedford while James successfully bribed Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, each one of the king's brothers. By 1425, Elizabeth was dead and James had been given Berkeley Castle along with most of the entailed lands.
Elizabeth died on 28 December 1422. She was buried at Kingswood Abbey, and a marble tomb was later placed over her grave through a provision in her husband's will. The following year, the Earl of Warwick remarried to Lady Isabel le Despenser, the widow of his cousin Richard de Beauchamp, 1st Earl of Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="21570831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570831" title="List of loanwords in Malay">
List of loanwords in Malay

The Malay language has many loanwords from Sanskrit, Persian, Tamil, Telugu, Greek, Latin, Portuguese, Dutch, certain Chinese dialects and more recently, Arabic (in particular many religious terms) and English (in particular many scientific and technological terms). Modern Malay loanwords are now primarily from English, Arabic and Javanese. English is the language of trade and Arabic is the language of religion (Islam), although key words such as "syurga" (heaven) and the word "religion" itself ("agama") reflect their Sanskrit-Hindu origins. Many Javanese words, including those of Sanskrit origin, are being assimilated into Malay because of the influence of Indonesian. 
While based on Malay itself, Indonesian is traditionally more influenced by Javanese, as the Javanese are the largest ethnic group in Indonesia, with Javanese having the largest number of native speakers.
There are some words in Malay which are spelled exactly the same as its other language counterparts, e.g. in English - hospital, format, lesbian, transit etc. In contrast, some Malay words have been loaned into other languages, e.g. in English - rice paddy ("Padi"), Orangutan, rattan, babirusa, cockatoo, compound, gong, tuak, sago, cootie, amok, durian, agar, rambutan, keris, Pantoum/pantun, "so long", angrecum (anggrik), cassowary, gingham, caddy, camphor (kapur), Gutta-percha (getah perca), launch, parang, sarong, dammar, gambir.
The Malay language has also heavily influenced the forms of colloquial English spoken in Malaysia, also known as Manglish.
Some examples as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21570843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570843" title="Ivorian passport">
Ivorian passport

The Ivorian Passport is issued to citizens of Côte d'Ivoire for international travel. Ivorian citizens can travel to member states of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
Languages.
The data page/information page is printed in French and English.

</doc>
<doc id="21570847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570847" title="Malcolm D. Graham">
Malcolm D. Graham

Malcolm Daniel Graham (July 6, 1827 – October 6, 1878) was a prominent Confederate politician. He was born in Autauga County, Alabama and later moved to Texas. He served in the Texas State Senate in 1857 and as Attorney General from 1858 to 1860. He represented the state in the First Confederate Congress from 1862 to 1864. Also served as a colonel in the Confederate Army.
Member of Texas State Senate – 1857
Texas State Attorney General – 1858
Representative from Texas in the Confederate Congress
Judge Advocate of General Kirby Smith
Colonel in the Confederate Army
Captured while crossing the Mississippi River
Imprisoned at Johnson Island, Ohio
Malcolm D. Graham was a resident of Montgomery, Alabama, but a native of Autauga. His parents came from North Carolina in 1819, and his father, John G. Graham, was a citizen there for many years. His mother was a Jeanette Smith, cousin of Dr. Neil Smith of Clarke. Born in 1826, he was educated at Transylvania University, and there read law. Licensed in 1850, he was elected clerk of the house of representatives at Montgomery in 1853, defeating Hon. A. B. Clitherall. In 1854 he removed to Henderson, Texas, and was a State senator there, three years later. In 1858 he was elected attorney general by the popular poll, and was on the Breckinridge electoral ticket for the State at large. A year later he went into the military service, as colonel of the regiment of which Generals Gregg and Granberry afterwards became colonel. In 1862 he was elected to the congress of the Confederate States. He was captured by the federal troops in 1864, and confined at Johnson's Island till the peace. He came to reside in this county in 1866, because he was not permitted to practice his profession in Texas without a pardon. Col. Graham is a superior type of manhood, physically, intellectually, and morally, and unites to talents of a high order, many excellencies of character. He married Sarah Cornelia Graham, a daughter of Hon. Tristram Benjamin Bethea. 
US Congressman. CSA Congressman. Graham was a member of the Texas state senate (1857) and a Texas state attorney general (1858) before serving as a colonel in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. He also served as a representative from Texas in the Confederate Congress from 1862 to 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="21570864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570864" title="Pongsit Kamphee">
Pongsit Kamphee

Pongsit Kamphee (Pu) () is a Thai rock singer and producer popular in the Phleng pheua chiwit genre. Inspired by (Lek) Preecha Chanapai of Carabao and (Nga) Surachai Jantimathawn of Caravan.
Life and career.
Early life
 Pu Pongsit Kamphee was born in Mueng district in Nongkhai province on May 2, 1967. He is the youngest son in his family and Mr. Somsak is his older brother and Mrs. Saowalak is his older sister. His father, Mr.Sutchai, is a carpenter and his mother Ms. Somphon, is a practical nurse. Both of them work at a hospital near their home. He attended kindergarten and primary education at the Wat Arun Rang Si School and was later educated at a lower secondary school at the Thep Witthayakhan School. Pongsit decieded to study at the Thai-Germany Technical Institute in Khon Kaen province.
Music career 
 After being educated from the Technical Institute, Pongsit decided to go to Bangok with the dream of being a musician. Pongsit got the inspiration to be a musician since his studies in primary school and from his favorite musicians Nga Kharawan (Surachai Chanthimathon) and Lek Kharabao (Pricha Chanaphai). So, Kharawan the band was the first target and first step for him to be real musician. However, he joined the band as a backup bass player got the chance to play in an open show for the band. Finally, released his first solo album in 1987 with the name "Thueng Phuean" on contract with Buffalo Head Company which included a famous song named "Thueng Phuean”
 Pongsit became famous in 1990 with the album "Sua Tua Thee 11". At that time a kind of music the Pongsit played was still popular (Phleng Pheua Chiwit) and had good vocal that had a very high pitch and clear identity. Therefore, when this album was released, feedback from fans was really good. From this gave Pongsit more inspiration and he kept continuing to create other albums. 1992 was a peak year for him with album "Ma Tam Sanya" and the very famous songs Sutchai, Thai Thoe Khuen Ma and Ma Tam Sanya. Finally, he was given the names in "Phleng Pheua Chiwit Legend 3rd" and "Chaopho Phleng Rak Phuea Chiwit”
Phleng Pheua Chiwit Legend 3rd.
Kamphee well-known since in 1990 from the song "Ta Lod Wela" from album "Sua Tua Thee 11" were a released by Rod Fai Don Tri.

</doc>
<doc id="21570873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570873" title="Way of the Five Pecks of Rice">
Way of the Five Pecks of Rice

Way of the Five Pecks of Rice () or the Way of the Celestial Master, commonly abbreviated to simply The Celestial Masters, was a Chinese Taoist movement founded by the first Celestial Master Zhang Daoling in 142 CE. At its height, the movement controlled a theocratic state in the Hanzhong valley, north of Sichuan. In 215 CE, the state was incorporated into Cao Cao's Kingdom of Wei, and followers of the Celestial Master were dispersed all over China.
The Celestial Masters believed that qi pervaded everything, and in order to achieve immortality, the correct balance of qi had to be present within the body. Having a poor quantity of qi in the body, would result in illness, and eventually death. Meditation could be used to restore qi to the body, but sex was to be avoided, as it could result in the loss of qi. If there was the correct balance of qi within the body upon death, an adherent could 'feign death' and be reborn. If not, an adherent would be transported to an earthly prison where he would face eternal torment.
The Hanzhong state was divided into 24 regions which were led by an official. Each district had a civil register which recorded people's names and ranks. Three times a year, the registers were updated at the same time as an important feast. While a child's rank rose automatically, adults had to raise their own rank through religious achievement or marriage. Higher ranked people had more divine generals at their command, which could be used to fight demons that caused bad luck or disease. The state had a system of law that encouraged confession and benevolence rather than strict punishment. Criminals were asked to confess their crimes and meditate, and were given public work to do as a sentence. Few texts written by the Hanzhong Celestial Masters survive, with the most important being the Xiang'er commentary to the Dao De Jing. While the Hanzhong state lasted for only twenty-five years, their beliefs influenced all subsequent Daoist movements.
History.
In 142 CE Zhang Daoling announced that Laozi had appeared to him and commanded him to rid the world of decadence and establish a new state consisting only of the ‘chosen people.’ Zhang became the first Celestial Master, and began to spread his newly founded movement throughout the province of Sichuan. The movement was initially called the Way of the Five Pecks of Rice, because each person wishing to join was required to donate five pecks of rice. The movement spread rapidly, particularly under his son Zhang Heng and grandson Zhang Lu. The Zhangs were able to convert many groups to their cause, such as the Bandun Man (belonging to the Ba people), which strengthened their movement. In 184, Zhang Xiu (張脩/修, not related to Zhang Lu) rebelled against the Han Dynasty. In 191, Zhang Lu and Zhang Xiu were sent to conquer the Hanzhong valley, just north of Sichuan, which was under Zhang Xiu's control. During the subsequent battle, Zhang Xiu was killed, and Zhang Lu founded the theocratic state of Zhanghan, enjoying full independence.
In 215, Cao Cao, the ruler of the Kingdom of Wei attacked the Hanzhong state, and forced Zhang Lu to flee to Eastern Sichuan, where he later surrendered. Zhang was given a title and land, as were several other family members and generals. His followers were forced to resettle in other parts of China, with one group being sent to the Chang'an area, and another being sent to Luoyang. Zhang and his family relocated to Cao Cao's administrative headquarters in Ye, located in today's Henan province. He then used his own popularity as a religious leader to lend legitimacy to the Wei, proclaiming that the Wei court had inherited divine authority from the Daoist church, as well as from Confucian laws. Shortly after the surrender, Zhang Lu died and was succeeded by his son, Fu. After this point there are few historical sources until 255 CE, when a text indicates that the Celestial Master community was fragmenting as a result of the political turmoil within the Wei Kingdom
The collapse of the Kingdom of Wei in 260 CE, along with the fall of Northern China to the Huns in 317, further scattered adherents to the Celestial Master. The Celestial Masters later reemerged in the 4th and 5th centuries as two distinct offshoots, the Northern and Southern Celestial Masters.
Texts.
The only significant Celestial Master text that survives from the Hanzhong period is the Xiang'er commentary to the Dao De Jing. This text gives insight into the Celestial Masters’ physiological beliefs, meditation practices and rituals. In addition, the commentary reinterprets the Dao De Jing to have all of humanity as its intended audience, instead of only a sage. The Taiping Jing, a text attributed to the Yellow Turbans, was not a Celestial Master text, but reflects at least in part some Celestial Master thought and practice. A later text written in 255 CE, known as the "Commands and Admonitions for the Families of the Great Dao" was composed to a divided Celestial Master community after the dispersal of the Hanzhong population. While written in the persona of Zhang Lu, it is probable that this text was not written by him, as he had probably died by 255 CE.
Beliefs and practices.
The Celestial Masters believed that there was an upcoming apocalypse that would nearly destroy humanity. Only 18,000 adherents of the Celestial Master who had the right balance of qi would survive the disaster. These were the seed people that would repopulate the earth after the destruction.
Qi.
The foundation of Celestial Master belief is that there is an energy source known as qi, that is born from the Dao and is the source of life all things. The human body contains spirits that need to be nourished by the proper balance of qi. There are three types of qi: yin qi, yang qi and blended qi, which is mixed yin/yang qi. The goal of a Daoist is to achieve transcendence to a higher plane. In order to do this, they must preserve and harmonize their internal spirits. Only through meditation that guides qi correctly throughout the body, can the spirits be harmonized correctly. While it is known that the Celestial Masters meditated in order to obtain qi, there is no surviving evidence that describes their meditation practices.
Immortality.
One common goal of early Daoism was to extend life by achieving immortality. The Celestial Masters believed that in order to achieve immortality, one was not supposed to extend life in the current world, but rather 'feign death' in this world, and be reborn on the other side. In order to feign death, an adept had to have perfectly harmonized internal spirits. When someone with refined internal spirits died in this world, their spirit would venture to the Palace of Grand Darkness where their form would be refined and then reborn in a perfected state on the other side. There are no surviving texts that describe what kind of place the 'other side' was. Those that failed to harmonize their internal spirits prior to death would be reborn in the underground earth-prisons, where they would be subject to eternal torment and toil.
Illness.
In the Hanzhong community, everyone was regarded as ill in some way. This was because sin caused qi to leave the body, and qi was necessary for life. In order to cure any illness, repentance was a crucial factor in ensuring that the loss of qi could be staunched. Repentance could be accomplished by spending time in a 'Chamber of Silence,' and reflecting on one's sins, or by beating one's breasts and kowtowing to heaven. Illness could be cured in other ways as well, such as using medicinal herbs and by listening to ritual music. Eating very little was also of extreme importance, and an ideal diet would consist of no food at all, but only of noncorporeal things such as air, which the person could absorb through meditation.
Sexuality.
Practicing correct sexual practices was one method of perfecting the body's internal spirits. The Celestial Masters believed that semen is the embodiment of qi. If someone ejaculated too often, their life would be shortened. In fact, the Xiang'er indicates that people should not even have sex for the purposes of reproduction. The Celestial Masters frowned upon the practice of heqi (also known as 'The Union of the Breaths') of not ejaculating during sex in order to 'nourish the brain', and advocated non-ejaculation simply as a way to avoid losing qi. In addition, the Celestial Masters thought that the method of stealing a woman's qi to replenish the man's own qi was completely wrong, and should not be practiced. Despite their opposition to 'heqi' and reproductive sex, there is the possibility that the Celestial Masters supported sex for purposes other than reproduction, and a Celestial Master text from around the 5th century describes an elaborate sexual ritual.See Kalinowski(1985) for a full description of the ritual.
Organization.
The region governed by the Celestial Masters was divided into 24 regions for both administrative and religious reasons. Each of these 24 regions were connected with one of the Five Phases, one of the 24 periods of the year and with one of the 28 constellations of the zodiac. Depending on their birth signs, each adherent belonged to one of these districts. Each of the 24 regions was administered by 24 officials, who had under their command 240 armies of spirits, composed of 2400 generals, 2400 officers and 240000 soldiers. This system of administration reflected the utopian system of governance described in the Zhouli.
Administration and religion were closely linked in the system of the Celestial Masters. Adherents were grouped by families, and each was attached to a district. Families and districts, and the gods all held copies of civil registers. The registers were detailed records of the people, and recorded each person's rank, identity and location. Any changes to those registered had to be accompanied by a monetary contribution known as a 'wage of faith.' Requests to the gods followed a bureaucratic model, and were drawn up according to specific administrative codes. The effectiveness of these requests depended upon the accuracy of the registers kept by the gods.
New members of the sect were divided into groups led by instructors. Neophytes were instructed by a catechism similar to that found in the Xiang'er that was likely a type of proto-meditation that later became widespread in movements such as the Shangqing School of Daoism. These instructors handled religious and administrative duties, receiving taxes, and set up road-side inns for travelers.
The rank of each person was determined by how many divine generals they had at their disposal, and by the number of divine scriptures they had obtained. These divine generals were used to fight wandering demons that could bring misfortune or illness on someone. A person received their first general at the age of six years, and in subsequent ceremonies would be given more and generals and achieve a higher ranking until a full complement was achieved at the age of nineteen. Marriage would unite two sets of generals, thus giving a couple use of 150 divine generals. After marriage, further increases in ranking could only be achieved by religious achievement.
On certain dates of the year, such as the equinoxes, group ceremonies took place at which masters disseminated their teachings. During these ceremonies, communal feasts often took place, where food was eaten and offered to the gods. The feasts also took place when a birth or death occurred, or in order to bring happiness and prevent evil. The participants in such a feast were organized based on their religious standing, with merit and seniority being the determining factors. During the three important dates known as "Sanyuan", the most important feasts were held. During these thrice-annual feasts, a census would be taken recording births, deaths and peoples' movements. At this time, adherents were also expected to donate the five pecks of rice that gives the movement its name.
Law.
In the Hanzhong state, sin and criminal behavior were not differentiated. In order to eliminate sin, an adherent first had to acknowledge his crime, and then would have to go to a 'quiet room' to meditate. There, he would have to write three confessions which would be offered to the Lord of Heaven, the Lord of Earth and the Lord of Water. For public crimes, an accused would be pardoned three times for his actions and then be sentenced. A sentence depended on the type of crime, but always involved community service. For a minor crime, the sentence was usually to repair a road. A repeat offender might be asked to donate building materials to improve local buildings. Other laws banned alcohol and prohibited the killing of animals during the spring and summer.
Legacy.
The belief and practices of the Hanzhong Celestial Masters had a profound legacy upon future Daoist belief. The movement marked a significant change from earlier, philosophical Daoist movements. No longer was Daoism a philosophical pastime for the literate and wealthy; it was now promoted to all classes of society, including the illiterate and the non-Chinese. In addition, the Celestial Masters were the first Daoist group to form an organized priesthood that helped spread their beliefs. Being the first organized religious Daoists, the first Celestial Masters are the ancestors of all subsequent Daoist movements such as the Shangqing and Lingbao movements, as well as the medieval Zhengyi Daoists, who claimed affinity to the first Celestial Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="21570895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570895" title="Skinny Legs and All">
Skinny Legs and All

Skinny Legas and All may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21570923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21570923" title="Carmen Trutanich">
Carmen Trutanich

Carmen Anthony "Nuch" Trutanich (born August 12, 1951) is an American politician. He served as the 7th Los Angeles City Attorney from 2009 to 2013.
Biography.
Trutanich grew up in San Pedro where he attended elementary and high school. Trutanich went on to attend the University of Southern California where he obtained a bachelor's degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting and Business Management. Trutanich earned his MBA from the University of Southern California where he was a member of Phi Delta Theta. After obtaining his MBA, Trutanich worked in the tuna industry as a laborer for StarKist FDS, ultimately working his way up to a management position at his plant. Trutanich attended night school at South Bay University College of Law where he graduated with a Juris Doctor in 1978.
He worked as a prosecutor on behalf on Los Angeles County before forming his own firm. Trutanich is a founding partner of the law firm Trutanich & Michel.
Los Angeles City Attorney.
Election.
In 2009, Trutanich won the runoff election and replaced Rocky Delgadillo as Los Angeles' City Attorney by defeating Jack Weiss and winning the 2009 Los Angeles City Attorney Election on May 19, 2009. His campaign received endorsements from the "Los Angeles Times", the "Los Angeles Daily News", the "California Leader Magazine", and the "Daily Breeze". His term started on July 1, 2009.
Tenure.
In 2010, Trutanich proposed a series of reforms to streamline the Workers Compensation process. An audit showed that it previously took an average of 5.8 years to settle such cases, and Trutanich said that the program was "in disarray." Trutanich established a new peer review process to attempt to better settle such cases, and assigned seven new attorneys to the Workers Compensation division.
Campaign for Los Angeles District Attorney.
Trutanich formally declared his candidacy for Los Angeles County District Attorney on February 9, 2012. He has been called a front runner based on his lead in fundraising and endorsements. Trutanich has received endorsements from Sheriff Lee Baca and former opponent Mario Trujillo.
Trutanich’s decision to run has drawn criticism from opponents in the race as well as a staff editorial in the Los Angeles Times. The controversy stems from Trutanich’s 2008–2009 campaign for City Attorney during which Trutanich promised to serve two full terms as City Attorney. Trutanich’s candidacy for District Attorney is three years into his first four-year term as City Attorney. In 2008, Trutanich challenged his opponent for City Attorney, Jack Weiss, to sign a pledge stating that he would serve two full terms as City Attorney and not seek higher elected office. Under the terms of the pledge signed by Trutanich, if he did not serve two full terms as City Attorney he would have to take out a full page advertisement in the Los Angeles Times stating “I am a liar” and donate $100,000 to LA's Best After School Enrichment Program, which serves 28,000 students at 186 elementary school sites in Los Angeles. To date, Trutanich has neither taken out the full page advertisement nor donated money but has pledged to raise the money in August after the June primary. 
In January 2012, Trutanich listed several law enforcement organizations as supporters who endorse his candidacy. As the "L.A. Times" reported, the organizations had not actually endorsed Trutanich. The campaign apologized and removed the organizations from its list of endorsements.
In February 2012 Trutanich’s campaign claimed “broad support…from a vast online and grass-roots audience” based on one of Trutanich’s promotional video receiving hundreds of thousands of views online. After media attention, the campaign disclosed that it paid a marketing firm to generate many of those views.
On Monday April 9, 2012, Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Joseph Kalin characterized Trutanich’s decision to call himself “Los Angeles chief prosecutor” on the June election ballot as an attempt to mislead voters and Judge Kalin prohibited Trutanich from using that term or any misleading variations of it. While Judge Kalin prohibited Trutanich from using the terms “Chief Prosecutor” or “Chief Criminal Prosecutor”, Kalin did allow Trutanich to refer to himself as “Los Angeles City Prosecutor.”
Trutanich was defeated for re-election on May 21 by Mike Feuer.

</doc>
<doc id="21571009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571009" title="Dough blender">
Dough blender

A dough mixer is an appliance used for household or industrial purposes. It is used for kneading large quantities of dough. It is electrical, having timers and various controls to suit the user's needs. 
Some features of dough blenders include:

</doc>
<doc id="21571048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571048" title="South Hook LNG terminal">
South Hook LNG terminal

South Hook LNG terminal is an LNG regasification terminal near Milford Haven and is the largest LNG terminal in Europe. Together with the smaller Dragon LNG terminal it can handle up to 25% of the UK's gas requirement. The first tanker docked on 20 March 2009.
History.
The project was announced in April 2003. The terminal was located at the former Esso refinery at South Hook.
Description.
The terminal is built to store and re-gasify liquefied natural gas imported from the Qatargas 2 LNG plant in Qatar. in the five storage tanks based at the site. The tanks are of a large size: 94 metres in diameter, and 31 metres high rising a further 12 metres at the top. That is roughly equivalent to the size of Albert Hall.
The regasified natural gas is to be fed through the South Wales Gas Pipeline to the national gas network at Tirley, Gloucestershire.
Project company.
The terminal is owned and operated by the by South Hook LNG Terminal Company Ltd, a joint venture between Qatar Petroleum LNG Services (QG II) Ltd. (67.5%), ExxonMobil Qatargas (II) Terminal Company Ltd. (24.15%) and ELF Petroleum UK Limited (8.35%).
Construction.
The terminal was designed and built by CB&I. At construction peak, some 2,500 people were employed on site. Despite starting work some 3 months later than the nearby Dragon LNG terminal (which has only one LNG tank compared to the 5 at South Hook), South Hook was the first of the two to receive LNG and send natural gas into the national gas network.
The site slopes down towards the Cleddau river. This allowed the tanks to be located such that they cannot be seen from the Milford Haven - Dale road that runs North along the terminal.
Controversy.
Droning and vibration from the Qatargas Q-Flex and Q-Max vessels also cause noise nuisance to local residents who have formed a community group to pressure the South Hook LNG Terminal and Qatargas to comment on the issue. A trial of new exhaust silencers has been implemented but they are not producing a significant improvement in low level frequency mitigation.
Because of the long running noise and vibration issues Local communities are forming a number of pressure groups to encourage the South Hook Terminal, Qatar gas and regulatory Authorities to carry out further assessments and enforcement. The aim of these groups is not to try to close the terminal down, but to encourage a better integration into the community by using quiet ships.
There is an ongoing controversy over the safety of the site spearheaded by the Safe Haven group. It is claimed by Safe Haven that in case of gas ignition, it could endanger twenty thousand lives and that there are concerns that sufficient risk assessments had not been carried out into the possibility of a collision or major incident at the port.
Contracts.
The main source of cargoes to the terminal is from the joint owned Qatar Petrolium and ExxonMobil train 2 at the QatarGas 2 project in Qatar. The initial GSPA was signed in 2005 was for 15.6 mmtpa but this was reduced to 10.4 mmtpa in 2009 when Total aquited a 17.5 share in one of the QatarGas 2 trains.
In 2014, RasGas and Eon struck a deal for 2 BCM of gas to be delivered into either the IOG terminal or South Hook (likely the IOG) over the period of 4 years. This was the first deal to be struck by the sister company of QatarGas for deliveries into the UK as previously the two companies kept their markets very much separate.

</doc>
<doc id="21571059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571059" title="Indrek Toome">
Indrek Toome

Indrek Toome (born 19 September 1943 in Tallinn) is a former communist Estonian politician and businessman. He served from 1988 to 1990, and was the last Prime Minister (head of the Council of Ministers) of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Early life.
Toome was born into a working-class family. He completed his studies in 1968 as an electrical engineer at the Polytechnic Institute in Tallinn (Estonian "Tallinna Polütehniline Instituut," now Tallinn University of Technology).
Career.
From 1972 to 1990, Toome held various senior posts in the Leninist Communist Youth Union of Estonia ("Eestimaa Leninlik Kommunistlik Noorsooühing" - ELKNÜ) and the Communist Party of Estonia (ERP).
From 16 November 1988 until 1990, Toome was chairman of the Ministers of the Estonian SSR and therefore communist prime minister of Estonia. It was under his leadership that the government succumb to pressure from the Singing Revolution, the peaceful liberation of Estonia from the domination of the Soviet Communist Party. With the collapse of Soviet rule in Estonia, on 3 April 1990, he handed over his office to the first freely elected prime minister of Estonia after the Second World War, Edgar Savisaar. On 20 January 1991, Estonia was once again an independent state.
From 1990 to 1992, Toome was a member of the Supreme Council of the Republic of Estonia (Eesti Vabariigi Ülemnõukogu) to Parliament until the first meeting of the Riigikogu. Since 1992, Indrek Toome is a partner in a real estate firm. In 1995, he was convicted of attempted bribery of Tallinn District Court sentenced to a fine.

</doc>
<doc id="21571060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571060" title="Viner Sound">
Viner Sound

Viner Sound is a sound on the northwest side of Gilford Island and northeast of Baker Island in the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21571090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571090" title="MexicanaLink">
MexicanaLink

MexicanaLink, a subsidiary of Mexicana, was a regional airline based in Guadalajara International Airport that operated as a feeder airline for both Mexicana and MexicanaClick. It operated into markets that were considered too thin to justify the use of larger aircraft. It was Mexicana's regional carrier, while MexicanaClick was a low-fare domestic airline competing against Interjet, Volaris, and VivaAerobus. MexicanaLink used to compete against Aeromar and Aeroméxico Connect.
Airline presentation to the media was on 10 March 2009. The ceremony was conducted by Grupo Mexicana CEO, Mr. Manuel Borja. Also the president of Mexico, Felipe Calderon Hinojosa, joined the ceremony with a short speech. The event was held on the Mexicana base of maintenance in the Guadalajara International Airport Miguel Hidalgo. 
First flight of this airline was held on 13 March 2009 at 2:30 PM CST departing from Guadalajara (GDL) to Puerto Vallarta (PVR).
Link, along with its parent company ceased operations on 28 August 2010 after filing for bankruptcy earlier in the month. Mexicana and its subsidiaries had stopped selling tickets three weeks prior to the shutdown.

</doc>
<doc id="21571147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571147" title="NewVenture Games">
NewVenture Games

NewVenture Games is a design and development part-time business for board games with tangible apparatuses such as cards, dice, boards and pawns. Begun as a hobby over 20 years ago, development continues. None of the games are currently being manufactured in quantity, but hand-built copies are available for most of them on request.
Games.
Anti-Grid.
Anti-Grid is a game for two players, each trying to eliminate the other's pieces through capture. The unique thing about this board is that each player plays on his/her own grid - they never follow the same paths. The board is two-sided, allowing simpler, shorter games or a longer, more challenging version.
Avesta!
Avesta is an abstract game themed loosely on the Zend Avesta - the sacred texts of Zoroaster (also called Zarathustra). It is chess-like in the types of moves available, but there are a few spaces on the board that are limited to certain pieces, some pieces are used for blocking only, and promotions are vigorously sought to maintain one’s advantage.
StarCastles.
StarCastles at first looks like a multi-level Chinese checkers. But of course there's more to it than that, with each piece having a unique power over the others as the game unfolds. And when the three pieces of one of your "StarCastles" are assembled, your power increases. Close games are the norm, taking the suspense right up to the final moves every time.
Quanta.
This unique game is a two-player competitive puzzle in which the pieces have values called "quantum charges" restricting their placement. This value can make the same pieces either offensive or defensive, depending on the way the game progresses. In the end, the player with the most captured neutrons will win the game.
Play 4.
A game of foresight! Each player plans four moves ahead, without knowing what the opponent is up to. There's only one pawn on the board for each player — a very valuable pawn indeed. There are two variations: the easier allows the players to change their minds... a little.
Causeway.
Causeway takes its name from the "Giant's Causeway" along the northern shore of Ireland, where it is said giants of ancient times fought enchanted battles for power and glory! A hand of cards determines the moves available. Play your random hand with careful strategy, and annihilate the opposing armies. Up to six can play, for themselves or as teams!
Celestian.
Here's a game with two boards in one! While each player battles for dominance in this Sci-Fi Empire setting, they can use (or abuse) their access to Hyperspace - a second board superimposed over the first. Sacrifice can often tip the balance of this game in one surprising move...and watch out for a surprise attack!
Reynard's Luck.
The players of Reynard's Luck engage in a competition of skill and luck. The abstract strategy is heavily influenced by the roll of a die on each move. With luck, a player can re-roll to further their advantage... or not!
Stones.
It's put-and-take meets Nine Men's Morris... sort of. Players progress around the playing field collecting stones and placing them into a grid... and sometimes removing them for strategic reasons! This is a game for all ages, and included in each package is a chart of the actual minerals depicted on the board.
Gopher Getter.
One player takes the role of the struggling gardener and the other plays the gophers out to ruin the crop for the sake of their own survival. One board represents the garden, the other the gopher's subterranean realm. The gardener sets traps, but the gophers are many. Who will win this desperate struggle?
Super Duper Delivery Service.
Each player has a delivery van and a home base. Following calls for service taken from a card deck, they navigate a city map to deliver these goods around town. The winner is the first to reach a goal of either goods or income — but drive carefully!
Fleas!
Here's one for a smile! Each player has a band of fleas who are striving for control of a room by eliminating the other player's fleas. To help in their microcosmic conquest, they can take control of one or both of a pair of hapless dogs that can carry them to strategic advantage.
Card Board.
"Card Board" is pocket-sized game and whatever surface you can find becomes the playing field, and the cards make up the board - which is different every time! Strive for points, follow the safe routes, build traps for your opponents and try to stay out of the traps yourself!
Over The Edge!
In "Over The Edge", each player tries to circumnavigate the Flat Earth, hoping to avoid hostile natives, inclement weather, mutiny, and the dreaded "dead calm". Mostly, though, the players try to avoid falling over the edge! Played on a representation of a world map of the 15th century, players relive the age of exploration in this fun and always unique game.
All Four One (The Cooperation Game).
As the name suggests, this game is only won when all the players reach the goal. Players advance to the inner tracks when they help or are helped by the other players. Everybody wins!
Polyphony.
This is a deck of cards that displays musical notes and symbols. Players are challenged to create intervals, chords, and the ultimate combination: a complete octave! (Familiarity with music theory is not required, but if you play the game you may end up with a familiarity with it anyway!)
Dominotion.
The dominoes are the board - all you need otherwise are two tokens of some kind and a pair of dice. Dominoes being flat versions of die rolls, it's sort of a natural. Play the pieces for the board from the "bone pile" and roll a die. You can move down the track using either the number you're on or the number you rolled - but if they're the same you stay put. Race to the end of the domino track and back again to win. Simple - and fun!
Frog Prince.
Yes - it's Checkers... but with a twist. One of the opposing pieces is your kidnapped prince. By jumping around the lillypads (just like in traditional checkers), your objective is to rescue the prince! In the illustration above, the red player can position the price anywhere in his pattern, but he/she can't move the prince during the game. When the black player lands on the space occupied by the price, the Prince becomes a "king" and is only rescued when that "king" gets back to the black player's home row!
Battlefield!
Between those complex collectible card games and traditional "war" is Battlefield. Each player gets a deck of medieval warriors and royalty, and they play against each other with combined elements of chance and strategy. Occasionally, the plague hits, the spies reveal some hidden power, or the weather wrecks your hopes of victory.
Star Truck.
"Star Truck" takes place in an interplanetary setting. It's a unique make-all-the-money-you-can game, including all the play money and tokens needed for up to eight players. Cards represent freight to be hauled, permits to be purchased, and a host of random events that can help or hinder your exploits. There's also the Interplanetary Trade Union to contend with! This one's been play tested at Sci-Fi cons, and everyone says it's a winner.
Ricochet.
This is more than laser tag on a game board. With strategic variations and moveable mirrors, players find themselves confronted with puzzle-like decisions to lead to victory... or seal their fate! Think ahead...the move you thought would get you the final deciding shot may well be your downfall!
Quest for the Orb.
This is a first step into fantasy role playing. It's a game with enough chance to make it interesting but enough self-determination to keep it exciting. It can be played alone or by up to five adventurers, keeping track of the health and possessions of the characters in play right on the board. With only a couple of charts to consult, the game is very easy to learn and fun to play within minutes. Players must cooperate as a team to rescue the Orb from the Kingdom of Dark before they run out of food, or get killed by all manner of nasty foes and unfortunate events along the way!
Clan Cath.
This is a territorial war game on a board that describes the foreboding terrain of the Scottish Highlands. Each player represents a rival clan in ancient Scotland vying for control of the region. Their forces include fighters and chieftains - and the occasional "berserker"! Store up movement points for a major assault, or strike fast with small forays into enemy territory!
Wickets.
Wickets is a simulation of Croquet on a game board, with a dice-and-pawn strategy that can have intricate variations. The game includes adaptations of both the International 6-Wicket rules as well as the more common 9-Wicket "backyard" rules. And, just like in real Croquet, land next to an opponent and you can "send" him or her flying off in a disadvantageous direction!
Counting Coup (10 Little Indians).
Among the plains Indians, a great show of bravery and prowess was not to kill an enemy as much as to taunt them. This practice of harassment and intimidation was referred to as "counting coup" (pronounced "koo"). This game does not involve capture of the opposing pieces, but keeping score of one’s success at passing through target areas on the board (camps and outposts) while defending one's own lands from the same. Different pieces have different power and value. Should you hold back the braves or corner the chief? Be sure to keep a watchful eye on the powerful medicine man!
Tattoo.
I once saw a very impressive exhibition - a contest between two military units racing to disassemble, transport, and reassemble a cannon and caisson and all the equipment necessary to fire off a winning blast at the other end of a grueling obstacle course. This is a simulation of that contest, called a "Tattoo". Choose your moves wisely!
Fate, Foes, and Fortune.
Fate, Foes, and Fortune is role playing for the novice. This game combines a map of terrain squares (that will vary with every game) with a unique combat system (simple and fast yet very realistic in its effects). With a deck of cards that call for die rolls each time they’re drawn, every adventure is unique. (The game can also be played solo.)
Kathmandu (Mountaineer).
On this challenging mountain, players can start anywhere along the bottom of the board to race to the top. Each space on the board has a numeric value that reflects the level of difficulty in climbing, and the dice determine the players' success at making the climb. There’s also a "weather die" to determine the conditions for the day's climb. Choose your route carefully, hope for good weather, be the first to reach the peak, and fame and fortune shall be yours!
By Any Other Name.
A game of homonyms and homophones – players in turn provide as many definitions as they can for the words on the card deck. The last acceptable contribution for any word earns points and privileges for the player or team, and the most "wordly" will win!
Chexx.
A chess variant that’s played on a board of triangular spaces. Traditional moves are adapted to the new grid, but traditional strategies still apply! REQUIRES FURTHER DEVELOPMENT.
Moto!
A simulation game for motocross racing. The motocross track is made up of arrange-able tiles so the track can be customized; dice and cards determine the outcome of the player's chosen course around the track. (Could be adapted to other race scenarios.)
Portals (Gateways).
Portals is an abstract strategy game for two, three, or four players. The objective being to eliminate the other "king(s)" on the board through simple moves and jumps through "portals" to remote points on the board. REQUIRES FURTHER DEVELOPMENT.
Strip Tease.
Through a hand of cards drawn from a shuffled deck, players cause other players to turn over pages in specially drawn flip books which slowly remove the clothing from their cartoon personae. REQUIRES FURTHER DEVELOPMENT. (Not an adult-only game thanks to drawn-in censorship bars held by the characters)
Tilt.
This is a game that attempts to simulate a joust by way of graphic score cards and die rolls as the players move their horses along the jousting track towards each other. REQUIRES FURTHER DEVELOPMENT.
Tetrathedral.
An abstract strategy game involving the movement of pieces to form a winning arrangement, the game utilized an 8-sided die with some move-and-capture guidelines. Strategic choices balance with the die roll to keep it interesting.

</doc>
<doc id="21571174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571174" title="West Mifflin Area High School">
West Mifflin Area High School

School history.
The West Mifflin Area High School first opened its doors on Commonwealth Avenue in 1956. At that time, it was one of the borough's two public high schools, and it is today the West Mifflin Area School District's largest and second most modern facility. A total renovation to the high school campus was completed in 2001, more than doubling the school's size to over and increasing its form and functionality. Some of the amenities include a swimming pool, a fitness center, countless computer labs, recording studios, one of the largest auditoriums in the area, multiple gymnasiums, an automated Large Group Instruction Room, a greenhouse, as well as an extensive Library Information Center. Currently, through funding from the Classrooms for the Future program, technology has become and abundant resource at the school.
Freshman Academy.
The high school was formerly home to a school-within-a-school concept known as the Freshman Academy until the 2011-12 school year. The ninth grade students were taught in an exclusive wing of the complex, where they were guided on career and curriculum choices, school expectations, and given positive reinforcement for academic success. The Academy also had its own principal, strengthening further the community atmosphere of this unique setting.
Academic achievement.
In 2010, West Mifflin High School is in Corrective Action I as it failed to meet AYP.
In 2009, West Mifflin Area High School ranked 99th out of 123 high schools in the western Pennsylvania region, by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on three years of PSSAs on: reading, writing, math and one year of science.
PSSA Results<br>
11th Grade Reading<br>
2009 - 63% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 65% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2008 - 53%, State - 65%<br>
2007 - 57%, State - 65%
11th Grade Math:<br>
2009 - 50% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 56% of 11th graders are on grade level.<br>
2008 - 44%, State - 56%<br>
2007 - 45%, State - 53%
11th Grade Science:<br>
2009 - 34% on grade level. State: 40% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2008 - 27%, State - 39%
College Remediation Rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 42% of West Mifflin Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
Extracurriculars.
The high school offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is set by the school board.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Alma mater.
We salute you alma mater,
hail to you West Mifflin High.
With honor, truth, and the strength to be,
we pledge eternal loyalty
to you our alma mater,
and the trust we've learned from thee.
You'll live forever in our hearts and memories.

</doc>
<doc id="21571210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571210" title="Chris Furrh">
Chris Furrh

Chris Furrh (born 18 December 1974) is an American former actor, most famous for starring as the evil Jack Merridew in the 1990 film adaptation of "Lord of the Flies". After Lord of the Flies, he played the role of Nick Bankston in the 1990 telefilm "A Family for Joe" and, like in Lord of the Flies, a castaway teenager in "Exile". Furrh has since retired from acting.

</doc>
<doc id="21571235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571235" title="Hoërskool Schweizer-Reneke">
Hoërskool Schweizer-Reneke

Hoërskool Schweizer-Reneke (often abbreviated to "Schweizer") is a secondary school in South Africa with only around 412 students.
Location.
Hoërskool Schweizer-Reneke is located in the North West province of South Africa.
See also.
List of high schools in Schweizer-Reneke

</doc>
<doc id="21571238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571238" title="Cabinet of Niger">
Cabinet of Niger

The Cabinet of Niger (officially referred to as the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Niger) is made up of the appointed heads of Niger's government Ministries. Ministers are chosen from the elected members of the National Assembly of Niger. According to the Constitution of 18 July 1999 (the Fifth Republic) the Prime Minister of Niger proposes the membership of the Council of Ministers, and the President of Niger appoints the Ministers, which is then authorized by the National Assembly. The Council of ministers meets at the discretion of the President, advises him on policy, and carries out the policies he orders. The Council of Ministers is headed by the Prime Minister of Niger, who is put forward by the National Assembly, and accepted by the President. The Assembly may remove the Prime minister by a vote of no confidence.
2004-2009.
Following the Nigerien parliamentary election, 2004, no single party had a majority in the National Assembly. The MNSD-Nassara, with 47 of the 113 seats—as well as the Presidency—formed a coalition government headed by Prime Minister Hama Amadou. To support this government, some seats in the Council of Minister were held by other parties. When Hama Amadou was forced from office in July 2007, much of the personnel in the Council changed, although the same parties were represented. Minor changes were made in 2008, but in May 2009, in response to their parties opposition to a proposed referendum to allow the President to seek a third term, the three members of RDP-Jama'a and ANDP-Zaman Lahiya were replaced with ministers drawn from the MNSD-Nassara. With the continued support of the CDS, the MNSD maintained a working majority of 67 seats in the 113 seat National Assembly.
On 28 May 2009, the President of Niger Mamadou Tandja dismissed the National Assembly over his plans to hold a constitutional referendum, but retained the Council of Ministers and government of the Prime Minister. On 25 June, following a statement by Minister of Communication Ben Omar demanding the Constituitonal Court of Niger rescind a ruling which stopped such a referendum, the CDS announced its final break with the MNSD government. The party withdrew from the government coalition and pulled its eight members from the Nigerien Council of Ministers, including the Minister of Defense, the Minister of Health, and the Minister of Youth and Sport. In a statement, the CDS demanded the President definitively submit to the Court's decision. On 29 June the government announced seven of the eight CDS-Rahama ministers had resigned, with the CDS Minister of Defence, Djida Hamadou choosing to remain in the government.

</doc>
<doc id="21571246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571246" title="Mannosyltransferase">
Mannosyltransferase

A mannosyltransferase is a type of glycosyltransferase that acts upon mannose.
An example is heteroglycan alpha-mannosyltransferase.

</doc>
<doc id="21571251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571251" title="Sean Dewart">
Sean Dewart

Cecil Sean McWilliam Dewart is a lawyer in Toronto, Canada. He is a partner in the Toronto law firm, Dewart Gleason LLP. He was counsel on a number of high-profile cases, including Jane Doe v. Metropolitan Toronto Commissioners of Police, Rogers v. Sudbury (Administrators of Ontario Works), and Payne v. Ontario (Ministry of Energy, Science and Technology), which stopped the Ontario government from privatizing Ontario Hydro. Later, he juniored for partner Tim Gleason in a number of cases, including "General Motors of Canada v CAW et al." and Evans v. Toronto, in which the City was found partially liable for injuries to a cyclist resulting from poor urban planning.
He earned an LL.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School at York University in 1983, and a LL.M. from the London School of Economics in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21571266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571266" title="Energy use in California">
Energy use in California

California, as the most populous U.S. state and home of Silicon Valley, is one of the country's largest users of energy, but because of a mild climate and proactive legislation it has one of the lowest per-capita energy uses within the U.S.
Resources and consumption.
California’s crude oil and natural gas deposits are located in six geological basins in the Central Valley and along the coast. California has more than a dozen of the United States' largest oil fields, including the Midway-Sunset Oil Field, the second largest oil field in the contiguous United States. California’s hydroelectric power potential ranks second in the United States (behind Washington State), and substantial geothermal and wind power resources are found along the coastal mountain ranges and the eastern border with Nevada. High solar power potential is found in southeastern California’s deserts.
California is the most populous state in the nation, but its total energy demand is second to the state of Texas. The state has one of the lowest per capita energy consumption rates in the country due in part to the relatively mild weather comparative to the rest of the nation.
Petroleum.
California’s crude oil output accounts for more than one-tenth of total U.S. production. Drilling operations are concentrated primarily in Kern County and the Los Angeles basin. Although there is also substantial offshore oil and gas production, there is a permanent moratorium on new offshore oil and gas leasing in California waters and a deferral of leasing in Federal waters.
California ranks third in the United States in petroleum refining capacity and accounts for more than one-tenth of total U.S. capacity.{fact} In addition to oil from California, California’s refineries process crude oil from Alaska and foreign suppliers. The refineries are configured to produce cleaner fuels, including reformulated motor gasoline and low-sulfur diesel, to meet strict Federal and State environmental regulations.
Most California motorists are required to use a special motor gasoline blend called California Clean Burning Gasoline (CA CBG). By 2004, California completed a transition from methyl tertiary butyl-ether (MTBE) to ethanol as a gasoline oxygenate additive, making California the largest ethanol fuel market in the United States. There are four ethanol production plants in central and southern California, but most of California’s ethanol supply is transported from other states or abroad.
Natural gas.
California natural gas production typically is less than 2 percent of total annual U.S. production and satisfies less than one-sixth of state demand. California receives most of its natural gas by pipeline from production regions in the Rocky Mountains, the Southwest, and western Canada.
Electricity.
Natural gas-fired power plants typically account for more than one-half of State electricity generation. California is one of the largest hydroelectric power producers in the United States, and with adequate rainfall, hydroelectric power typically accounts for close to one-fifth of State electricity generation. Due to strict emission laws, only a few small coal-fired power plants operate in California.
California leads the nation in electricity generation from non-hydroelectric renewable energy sources, including geothermal power, wind power, and solar power. California has some of the most aggressive renewable energy goals in the United States, with a target for California to obtain a third of its electricity from renewables by 2020. 
Solar Energy Generating Systems (SEGS) is the name given to nine solar power plants in the Mojave Desert which were built in the 1980s. These plants have a combined capacity of 354 megawatts (MW) making them the largest solar power installation in the world. Nevada Solar One is a new solar thermal plant with a 64-MW generating capacity, located near Boulder City, NV. There are also plans to build other large solar plants in the Mojave Desert. An additional 392 megawatts of solar-derived electricity is expected to be added by the Ivanpah Solar Power Facility by the year 2013.
A facility known as “The Geysers,” located in the Mayacamas Mountains north of San Francisco, is the largest group of geothermal power plants in the world, with more than 750 megawatts of installed capacity. The Alta-Oak Creek Mojave wind project is an approved 800 MW wind farm proposal which would include up to 320 wind turbines in the mountains between Tehachapi and Mojave. Kern County is reviewing a number of other proposed wind projects that would generate a combined 4,600 megawatts of clean energy if approved.
Due to high electricity demand, California imports more electricity than any other state, primarily hydroelectric power from states in the Pacific Northwest (via Path 15 and Path 66) and coal- and natural gas-fired production from the desert Southwest via Path 46.
Although California's population increased by 13% during the 1990s, the state did not build any new major power plants during that time, although existing in-state power plants were expanded and power output was increased nearly 30% from 1990 to 2001.
California’s two nuclear power plants account for almost one-fifth of total generation, these are:
California also used to have another nuclear power plant, the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station, which produced more than 900 MW. However, it was shut down by public referendum.
Sustainable energy.
California has led the United States from 2010 to 2013 with its sustainable energy plans (also known as "clean energy"), with Clean Edge's Clean Energy Index for 2013 rating it at 91.7, with the second ranked state being Massachusetts, at 77.8, and Mississippi the lowest at 4.2. California is the only state with extensive deployment of wind, solar, and geothermal energy. California's venture capital investments in sustainable energy are greater than the other 49 states combined, at $2.2 billion in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21571296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571296" title="Rocket to You 93–99">
Rocket to You 93–99

"Rocket to You! '93-'99" is a compilation album released by The Manges in 1999, and one of the first albums to be released by the band in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21571297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571297" title="Hydrium">
Hydrium

Hydrium may refer to several things:

</doc>
<doc id="21571300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571300" title="1924 Racine Legion season">
1924 Racine Legion season

The 1924 Racine Legion season was their third in the league and last season as the Legion. The team improved on their previous output of 4–4–2, losing only three games. They finished seventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21571302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571302" title="Marie de Lorraine, Duchess of Guise">
Marie de Lorraine, Duchess of Guise

Marie de Lorraine (15 August 1615 – 3 March 1688) was the daughter of Charles de Lorraine, "Duke of Guise" and Henriette Catherine de Joyeuse and the last member of the House of Guise, a branch of the House of Lorraine.
Biography.
Marie de Lorraine de Guise was a "foreign princess naturalized in France" (that is, the daughter of a foreign prince of a junior branch of the House of Lorraine). After the death of the last male of the House of Guise in 1675, Marie became duchess of Guise, duchess of Joyeuse, and princess of Joinville and enjoyed the vast revenues from these duchies and principalities. People addressed her formally as "Your Highness"; she herself signed legal documents as ""Marie de Lorraine""; and after 1675, as ""Marie de Lorraine de Guise"," but she ended personal letters with, simply, ""Guise"."
Exiled to Florence with her family, 1634–43, Marie (whom the French knew as "Mademoiselle de Guise") became close to the Medicis and came to love Italy and especially Italian music. For over forty years scarcely a week passed that she did not write to her Medici friends in Florence, or receive word from them through the Tuscan resident in Paris. Circa 1650 she morganatically married Claude de Bourdeille, count of Montrésor by whom she had several children whose existence was never acknowledged publicly but whom she occasionally threatened to acknowledge if she did not get her way.
As guardian for her nephew, Louis Joseph, Duke of Guise, she was preoccupied with returning the House of Guise to its former glory. This meant giving the young man a fine residence and a prestigious bride. In 1666 Marie therefore commissioned Jacques Gabriel (the father of royal architect Jacques Gabriel) to carry out extensive renovations for the family's urban residence, known as the "Hôtel de Guise". She also ordered a total reworking of the garden by the famous garden designer, André Le Nôtre. The old stable wing that stretched along the garden was also renovated and subdivided into comfortable apartments to be occupied by what might be likened to today's artists and intellectuals in residence: Philippe Goibaut, Roger de Gaignières, and, a bit later, Marc-Antoine Charpentier.
For a bride, Marie de Lorraine aimed high and was victorious: Isabelle d'Orléans, Louis XIV's first cousin, whose high rank outweighed the unsightliness of her crooked back. The marriage was celebrated on May 5, 1667. The newly-weds settled down into their splendid apartment on the "noble" floor of the "Hôtel de Guise" and Marie de Lorraine lodged in her ground-floor apartment just below them.
Starting in 1670, Marc-Antoine Charpentier began composing for the three Guises, sometimes singing haute-contre lines. Mlle de Guise protected him and advanced his career by soliciting commissions from people or establishments who were seeking "her" continued patronage. Indeed, for eighteen years her patronage fostered a number of major works, most of them devotional and strongly influenced by Italian music. For example, she was probably one of the "enraged virgins" and "heroines" who swooped down on Molière in late 1672 and forced him to give Charpentier the chance to write the music for Molière's the forthcoming theatrical spectacle, the "Malade Imaginaire".
In 1671 her nephew Louis Joseph, Duke of Guise died. She and the young widow fought over who would be guardian of the late Duke's little son, François Joseph, the last male of the House of Guise. Marie de Lorraine won the battle, but her guardianship was short-lived. The little boy died in 1675.
Henceforth, as the last member of the House of Guise, she used her vast wealth not only to live splendidly but for projects dear to her heart. In a cartouche beneath her portrait by Mignard, above, a solitary tree stands in a forest of stumps, to indicate her position as last survivor. A Latin motto makes the parallel explicit: "Succisas dat conjectare superstes", "The survivor bears witness to the fallen."
After these two closely spaced deaths, Marie turned to devotion. With the help of Father Nicolas Barré, Minim, she founded a teachers' training institute and created schools for girls and hospitals for the poor in her Parisian parish and in her provincial lands. In her vast Parisian residence known as the "Hôtel de Guise," she presided "magnificently" over a select little "court" composed chiefly of members of the House of Lorraine, clergy, learned protégés, and Italians passing through Paris. Music (often Italian and Italian-style music) was the principal entertainment at these events.
Although her relations were often frosty with Louis Joseph's widow, known to her contemporaries as "Madame de Guise", the two women continued to see one another, both in Paris and at the abbey of Saint Pierre de Montmartre, where Marie's sister Renée was abbess and where Élisabeth's sister, Marguerite Louise d'Orléans, the erstwhile Grand Duchess of Tuscany, resided after 1675. Both Guise women had private apartments at Montmartre.
In the early 1670s, Marie had begun to assemble a small ensemble of household musicians to perform pieces by a variety of French and Italian composers, among them Marc-Antoine Charpentier. Then, in the early 1680s she enlarged the group, until it rivaled both in size and quality the ensembles maintained by "several sovereigns." Over the years she made her composer and her musicians available to her nephew's widow, Mme de Guise, for performances in churches and at the royal court.
In a will intended to disinherit her niece, "la Grande Mademoiselle" (that is, Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans, Duchess of Montpensier) Marie de Lorraine gave the Hôtel de Guise to Charles François de Stainville, count of Couvonges, in 1688. Pressure exerted by her heirs caused the will to be broken by the Parlement of Paris in 1689.
In 1700, the "Hôtel de Guise" was sold to François, Prince of Soubise and his wife Anne de Rohan-Chabot and became the "Hôtel de Soubise". Only a few fragments of the "Hôtel de Guise" survive within the vast buildings and gardens of the "Hôtel de Soubise", which currently houses the Archives nationales.

</doc>
<doc id="21571313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571313" title="Andreas Rumpf">
Andreas Rumpf

Andreas Rumpf (3 December 1890 – 22 June 1966) was a German classical archaeologist born in Potsdam.
He studied classical archaeology at the University of Leipzig under Franz Studniczka (1860-1929), earning his doctorate with a dissertation on the murals in Veii, titled "Die Wandmalereien in Veji". In 1923 he received his habilitation at Leipzig with a thesis on Chalkidiki vases. From 1928 to 1960 he was a professor of classical archaeology at the University of Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="21571351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571351" title="Tooth-to-tail ratio">
Tooth-to-tail ratio

The tooth-to-tail ratio is a military term that refers to the amount of military personnel ("tail") it takes to supply and support each combat soldier ("tooth"). While both "tooth" and "tail" soldiers may find themselves in combat or other life-threatening situations "tooth" soldiers are those whose primary function is to neutralize the enemy. The ratio is not a specific measure but rather a general indication of an army's actual military might in relation to the resources it devotes to supply, upkeep, and logistics.
An army's tooth-to-tail ratio is often inversely related to its technological capabilities and subsequently its overall power. While an army with a high tooth-to-tail ratio will have more personnel devoted to combat, these soldiers will lack the support provided by the tail. Such support includes the supply and communication infrastructure on which modern armies depend. An army with a higher tooth-to-tail ratio may have more combat troops, but each will be less effective.
The introduction of computer technology has made automation of the tail a possibility. One of the stated goals of DARPA is increasing the tooth-to-tail ratio (reducing the amount of logistics and support personnel necessary in proportion to combat personnel without reducing combat effectiveness).

</doc>
<doc id="21571354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571354" title="Virago Sound">
Virago Sound

Virago Sound is a sound on the north coast of the Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada, at the entrance to Naden Harbour.
The sound is named for HMS "Virago, a Royal Navy sloop-of-war surveying these waters in 1853, under the command of Master George H. Inskip. The Haida name for Virago Sound was ""tin-eye"", meaning "big"
In 1792 Captain Ingraham of the brig "Hope" had named these waters Port Crafts after his first mate, John Croft or Cruft:
"In 1791, Captain Joseph Ingraham on the small brig Hope out of Boston, Massachusetts, spent time along the British Columbia coast trading for furs at Native American villages. His first officer was John Cruft. In Ingraham's logbook (original in the Smithsonian Library, Washington, DC) he mentions that he named an anchorage "Cruft's Cove after my chief officer..." (volume ii, p.80). This occurred a year (or possibly two) prior to the arrival of Captain Vancouver to the area."

</doc>
<doc id="21571369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571369" title="Hattori Tomosada">
Hattori Tomosada

Hattori Tomosada (服部 友貞) (????-????) was a ronin from Ise. 
Initially, Tomosada served the Shiba clan. When the Shiba clan lost its power, Tomosada waged war against Oda Nobunaga. During the Battle of Okehazama, Tomosada served under the Imagawa and led a small unit. Afterwards, Tomosada recruited people from temples, shrines, and other places to beckon a larger sum of troops, even offering free officers to protect their land from Oda invasions.

</doc>
<doc id="21571383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571383" title="Jesse Spikes">
Jesse Spikes

Jesse Spikes (born May 17, 1950) is a corporate lawyer in Atlanta, Georgia, who was a candidate in the 2009 Atlanta mayoral race.
Early life.
Originally from McDonough, Georgia, Spikes is the son of a sharecropper. He grew up on a farm in Henry County, the last of 13 children. In his sophomore year in high school, Spikes left Georgia to attend Hanover High School in New Hampshire in a special program called “A Better Chance”. That opportunity catapulted him to Dartmouth College, to Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar, and to Harvard Law School. While at Dartmouth, Spikes played freshman football and was a long jumper on the track team.
Education.
Spikes received a bachelor of arts degree from Dartmouth College in 1972. Spikes was selected to receive the Rhodes Scholarship and attended Oxford from 1972–1974. Following Oxford, Spikes attended Harvard Law School where he received his law degree in 1977.
Professional career.
Currently a senior partner at McKenna, Long & Aldridge, based in the firm’s Atlanta office, Jesse Spikes is a corporate lawyer who focuses his practice on corporate transactions, governance and compliance, internal investigations and audits, as well as special committee representations. He also works with businesses in the area of advertising and marketing law, including the negotiation of endorsements and the preparation of licensing agreements. He was a candidate in the 2009 City of Atlanta mayoral race.

</doc>
<doc id="21571391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571391" title="John Sutton Hall">
John Sutton Hall

John Sutton Hall is the main building of Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Constructed between 1873 and 1875, the building was the first constructed for the Indiana Normal School. In 1903, the building was named after John Sutton, the first president of the school's Board of Trustees. Sutton Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
History.
John Sutton, a merchant from Indiana, Pennsylvania, purchased land to establish a normal school to train women to become teachers. In 1873, construction of the building began. The Main Building was designed by James W. Drum, who also designed the original Indiana County Courthouse and the St. Bernard's Roman Catholic Church. Construction was completed in 1875 with a final cost of $141,115, including furnishings. In the school's early years the building functioned as the entire school, containing classrooms, dormitories, an infirmary, a dining hall, and a gymnasium. In 1903, the building was officially named after Sutton. That same year, the north and south wings were extended to the west, and Thomas Sutton Dining Hall was added adjacent to the main building. In 1920, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania assumed control of the school. The name was changed to Indiana State Teacher's College in 1927. It became Indiana State College in 1959. The college achieved university status in 1965 and became Indiana University of Pennsylvania. As more buildings at the school were constructed, activities were decentralized from Sutton Hall.
Sutton Hall was originally scheduled for renovations in the 1970s, but the Pennsylvania Department of Education advised that available funds would be insufficient to support the renovation and the $16 million library the university was planning. The decision to demolish the building was made in 1974. The Committee to Save John Sutton Hall was organized and funded a feasibility study by Landmarks Planning, Inc. of Pittsburgh, who specialized in the restoration of old buildings. The study concluded that the building could be restored and continue to benefit the university economically. On September 19, 1975, the President of the Board of Trustees received a letter from the Director of the Office of Historic Preservation stating that Sutton Hall had been included on the National Register of Historic Places on September 17. Inclusion on the Register made grants available for the renovation project. Just weeks later on October 3, the Board of Trustees unanimously voted to preserve Sutton Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="21571392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571392" title="Epping Stadium">
Epping Stadium

Epping Stadium is an Australian soccer ground on Harvest Home Rd in Epping, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. The stadium has a capacity of 10,000, with approximately 1000 seats in its one grandstand. The venue was host to several National Soccer League matches during the final days of Carlton SC, and has also hosted A-League clubs Melbourne Heart and Melbourne Victory in pre-season matches, as well as W-League Matches and National Youth League matches.

</doc>
<doc id="21571400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571400" title="Dennis v. Sparks">
Dennis v. Sparks

Dennis v. Sparks, 449 U.S. 24 (1980), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that individuals who bribed a judge for an injunction were not protected by judicial immunity and therefore could be held liable for the damages resulting from the injunction.
The case.
In January 1973, a judge of the 229th District Court of Duval County, Tex., encouraged the production of minerals from certain oil leases owned by respondents. In June 1975, the injunction was dissolved by an appellate court as having been illegally issued. Respondents then filed a complaint in the United States District Court purporting to state a cause of action for damages under 42 U.S.C. § 1983. Defendants were the Duval County Ranch Co., Inc., which had obtained the injunction, the sole owner of the corporation, the judge who entered the injunction, and the two individual sureties on the injunction bond, one of whom is now petitioner in this Court. Essentially, the claim was that the injunction had been corruptly issued as the result of a conspiracy between the judge and the other defendants, thus causing a deprivation of property, i.e., two years of oil production, without due process of law.
All defendants moved to dismiss, the judge asserting judicial immunity and the other defendants urging dismissal for failure to allege action "under color" of state law, a necessary component of a § 1983 cause of action. The District Court concluded that, because the injunction was a judicial act within the jurisdiction of the state court, the judge was immune from liability in a § 1983 suit, whether or not the injunction had issued as the result of a corrupt conspiracy. Relying on Haldane v. Chagnon, 345 F.2d 601 (CA9 1965), the District Court also ruled that, with the dismissal of the judge, the remaining defendants could not be said to have conspired under color of state law within the meaning of § 1983. The action against them was accordingly dismissed "for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted."
In a per curiam opinion, a panel of the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed, agreeing that the judge was immune from suit and that, because "the remaining defendants, who are all private citizens, did not conspire with any person against whom a valid § 1983 suit can be stated," Sparks v. Duval County Ranch Co., 588 F.2d. 124, 126 (1979), existing authorities in the Circuit required dismissal of the claims against these defendants as well. The case was reconsidered en banc, prior Circuit authority was overruled and the District Court judgment was reversed insofar as it had dismissed claims against the defendants other than the judge. Sparks v. Duval County Ranch Co., 604 F.2d 76 (1979). The court ruled that there was no good reason in law, logic, or policy for conferring immunity on private persons who persuaded the immune judge to exercise his jurisdiction corruptly. Because the judgment below was inconsistent with the rulings of other Courts of Appeals and involves an important issue, the Supreme Court granted the petition for certiorari.

</doc>
<doc id="21571429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571429" title="Carlisle Indians football">
Carlisle Indians football

The Carlisle Indians football team represented the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in intercollegiate football competition. The program was active from 1893 until 1917, when it was discontinued. During the program's 25 years, the Indians compiled a 167–88–13 record and 0.647 winning percentage, which makes it the most successful defunct major college football program. During the early 20th century, Carlisle was a national football powerhouse, and regularly competed against other major programs such as the Ivy League schools. Several notable players and coaches were associated with the team, including Glenn "Pop" Warner and Jim Thorpe.
History.
The Carlisle Indian Industrial School was founded in 1879 by an American cavalry officer, Richard Henry Pratt, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Its purpose was to facilitate the assimilation of the Native American population into mainstream American society.
In 1893, the Indians played their first season recognized by the NCAA. The Indians were consistently outsized by the teams they scheduled, and they in turn relied on speed and guile to remain competitive. Carlisle's playbook gave rise to many trick plays and other innovations that are now commonplace in American football. The overhand spiral throw and hand-off fake are both credited to Carlisle. Other strategems caused the National Collegiate Athletic Association to institute rules specifically prohibiting them.
In 1903, an Indian team coached by Pop Warner first employed its infamous "hidden-ball play" against heavily favored Harvard. Warner, as coach at Cornell, had already used it against Penn State, but it had not achieved much notice. Carlisle led Harvard at halftime, and hoping to keep the game's momentum, Warner elected to try the play on the ensuing kickoff. Harvard executed the kick, and the Indians formed a circle around the returner. With the aid of a specially altered jersey, the ball was placed up the back of the returner. The Indians broke the huddle and spread out in different directions. Each player feigned carrying the ball, except Dillon, the man with the ball up the back of his jersey. The ruse confused the Crimson players, and they scrambled to find the ball carrier. Dillon, with both his hands free, was ignored by the searching Harvard players, and he ran unmolested into the end zone. With the score, Carlisle extended its lead to 11–0, but Harvard came back and eventually won 12–11. Nevertheless, the close match, and trick play, resulted in national attention.
In 1907, Jim Thorpe, undersized even for the Indians, persuaded Warner to allow him to try-out for the team. Thorpe immediately impressed his coach and secured a starting position on the team. On October 26, 1907, Jim Thorpe and Carlisle trounced a powerful University of Pennsylvania team, 26-6, before an overflow crowd of 20,000 at Franklin Field. After graduating from Carlisle, he went on to stardom in numerous athletic endeavors, including as an Olympic athlete and professional player in football, baseball, and basketball. 
In 1911, the Indians posted an 11–1 record, which included one of the greatest upsets in college football history. Against Harvard, Thorpe scored all of the Indians' points in a shocking upset over the period powerhouse, 18–15. The only loss for Carlisle came at the hands of Syracuse the following week, 12–11.
The Indians' last season of play was 1917. The school would fold at the end of the 1917-18 school year. Many of the Indians' players would eventually end up in the National Football League and other professional football teams during the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="21571435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571435" title="Oyake Akahachi">
Oyake Akahachi

It is said that Akahachi was born on Hateruma Island, and that he was large and physically strong even as a child. He moved to Ishigaki Island as a young adult, and became the chief of Ōhama Village (today part of Ishigaki City) soon afterward. His influence soon extended over all of Ishigaki Island, and beyond, to other islands in the Yaeyama Islands group. At some point late in the 15th century, the nearby Miyako Islands were divided between two influential families, the Nakasone and Kaneshigawa, who were fighting one another for dominance of the area. Seeking to take advantage of the chaos and disunity, Akahachi proposed an invasion of the Miyako Islands. However, Nakasone "Toyomiya" led a counterattack against Akahachi, overwhelming his forces and moving on to attack Yonaguni Island as well.
At this time, the Ryūkyū Kingdom, based at Shuri on Okinawa Island, did not yet have direct control over the Yaeyama or Miyako Islands, but merely expected tribute to be paid. Akahachi led the people of Ishigaki and the surrounding islands in revolt against the kingdom, refusing to pay taxes or tribute. A force of roughly 3000 troops was sent from Shuri by King Shō Shin in 1500, and the rebellion was suppressed.
While official records and histories produced by the Ryūkyū Kingdom label Oyake Akahachi as a rebel and a traitor, locally on Ishigaki and the surrounding islands he is known as a hero who sought to secure their freedom and independence. A stele in his honor can be found today in the Ōhama area of Ishigaki City.

</doc>
<doc id="21571438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571438" title="The Emperor Jones (1955 film)">
The Emperor Jones (1955 film)

The Emperor Jones is a 1955 film adaptation of the Eugene O'Neill play of the same title produced by the "Kraft Television Theatre" anthology series starring Ossie Davis in the title role.
Eugene O'Neill's play opened on Broadway, New York City, New York, USA at the Neighborhood Playhouse on 1 November 1920 and ran for 204 performances.

</doc>
<doc id="21571443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571443" title="Crab Island (Lake Champlain)">
Crab Island (Lake Champlain)

Crab Island is a roughly limestone island situated just outside Plattsburgh Bay in the town of Plattsburgh in Clinton County in upstate New York's Lake Champlain. During the War of 1812, the island was utilized as a military field hospital for convalescent soldiers as well as both British and American casualties of the Battle of Plattsburgh. The island is the site of a mass grave, believed to contain the remains of roughly 150 of those casualties. The island is infamous locally for its poison ivy, which grows there heavily. Its name is thought to come from the large amounts of "crabs," ancient fossilized shells, trilobites, etc., found along the island's limestone shoreline.
History.
The Naval Battle.
Crab Island played an important role during the September 1814 Battle of Plattsburgh, New York. On the morning of September 11, 1814, the tiny island served as the southern end of Commodore Thomas Macdonough's battle line. Macdonough had moored his ships end to end between it and Cumberland Head to the north, forming a line across the entrance to Plattsburgh Bay. Macdonough strategised that this arrangement of his warships would either force the British to engage his anchored squadron immediately after rounding Cumberland Head, which would give him the advantage, or force them to sail farther south around Crab Island at his rear. In this case, the British ships would then come within range of the guns of the American fortifications ashore. To assist in this, a battery of two . cannon were also emplaced by the Americans on the northern tip of Crab island and were manned by a crew of convalescents from the field hospital. During the nearly two and a half hour action, an 11-gun British sloop, the H.M.S. Finch, commanded by Lieutenant William Hicks, ran hard aground on a reef just to the north-east of the island and became engaged in a fierce cannon duel with the Crab Island battery. Lieutenant Hicks would later recall that his crew "had the pleasure of killing or wounding every man at the guns on shore and silence them."
The Hospital.
The military hospital on Crab Island was first established around September 6, 1814, just prior to the Battle of Plattsburgh. The hospital consisted mainly of rows of "tents" quickly constructed of boards and canvas and several hastily built log structures. Convalescent or invalid soldiers who were unable to fight were initially evacuated to the island before the commencement of hostilities to prevent them from becoming caught up or overrun by the fighting ashore. Many of these were later transported in bateaus from Crab Island to a larger hospital at Burlington, Vermont, across the lake. The Island's hospital was placed under the direction of a U.S. Army surgeon, Doctor James Mann. At the time, the number of invalids on the general hospital reports alone numbered 720 men. Following the naval battle, as the nearest point of land to it, the Crab Island hospital absorbed the dead and wounded of both fleets. The dead, including those that died on the island and those that washed ashore, numbered 150. They were buried shoulder to shoulder in three long trenches to the south of the hospital. The bodies of officers killed in the battle, including one initially buried on Crab Island, all received military burials in Plattsburgh's Riverside Cemetery, while the enlisted men were left in the mass graves out on the island. The actual site of the graves on Crab Island was never marked.
Aftermath.
Following years of effort by numerous Plattsburgh citizens, money for a proper memorial on the Island was appropriated by Congress in the early 1900s. In 1903, a iron flagstaff, designed to be reminiscent of a ship's mast, was erected and in 1908, a granite obelisk, known as the Crab Island Soldiers and Sailors Monument and mounting a commemorative bronze plaque on each face, was constructed. A series of inter-connecting gravel paths were cleared allowing access for visitors and a wharf was built to accommodate boats. A full-time caretaker was hired to live in a small cottage on the island and in 1909, by act of Congress, the island was officially renamed Macdonough National Military Park.
This however, was not to last. By 1930, the island had been mostly abandoned. The one and only caretaker had left in 1915 and the caretaker's cottage burned in 1929. The island remained mostly devoid of activity until the 1950s, when United States Air Force personnel stationed at nearby Plattsburgh Air Force Base began a project of clearing portions of the island for a base recreational area. This initiative also proved short lived. In 1967, the Government auctioned the island off, graves, monument, and all, a National Military Cemetery, as surplus property. Crab Island changed private hands several times throughout the proceeding decades and was only saved from development by the efforts of a vigilant few who succeeded in changing the islands zoning regulations.
In 1988, New York State finally recognized the historic significance of the Island and took it via eminent domain. Since that time, much progress has been made in returning the Island to its former glory. The long overgrown 1908 trail system has been cleared. In August, 2003, a dedicated group of volunteers restored and re-erected the unique iron flagpole, which had fallen in a windstorm in 1996. A bronze plaque placed at the foot of it memorializes the names of the American dead buried on the island. Crab Island is purported to be one of the only places in the World where both British and American soldiers were buried indiscriminately in the same graves. The actual site of their graves has never been established.

</doc>
<doc id="21571445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571445" title="Julie Garnyé">
Julie Garnyé

Julie Garnyé is a singer, actress, voiceover artist and host. 
As a performer, she most recently appeared in Los Angeles in "Les Misérables" at The Hollywood Bowl directed by Richard Jay-Alexander and "CHESS in Concert" at the Ford Amphitheatre. She also starred with Alan Cumming and Alice Ripley in "Open All Night: The Music of Lance Horne" and in the reading of Georgia Stitt's new musical "The Water". 
Life and career.
In New York, she recently starred in the reading of Lance Horne's new musical "The $trip" and, in 2007, she was distinguished as the only performer to be invited from outside New York to appear in the all-star Stephen Schwartz tribute concert at Town Hall. She is a regular performer at "Cast Party" at Birdland in New York and The Upright Cabaret in West Hollywood. 
Other credits include Broadway: HAIR in Concert (last minute replacement for Tony Award winner Idina Menzel), CHESS in Concert, The Easter Bonnet Competition. New York: Broadway By The Year 1978 (Town Hall), Children Of Eden in Concert (New York Premiere), Pippin in Concert, NAMT Songwriters Showcase 2005 and dozens of readings and workshops. National Tours: CATS (Grizabella, Jennyanydots), Its Not Where You Start Regional: , West Side Story, George M, Fiddler On The Roof, Bye Bye Birdie. Film: Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure (DisneyToon Studios), The Little Richard Story, The Ultimate Auction. Recordings: WICKED (as Elphaba vocals Stage-Stars Karaoke), HAIR (Sh-K-Boom Records), Longing For A Place Already Gone (Laura Bell Bundys debut album), Fine and Dandy (PS Classics), Folkzinger (with Christine Lavin), Last Day On Earth (for composer Lance Horne), Wedding Plans (for composer Georgia Stitt) and Broadway By The Year 1978 Original Cast Album (to be released in 2009). 
Julie has sung in concert with/for prolific composer Stephen Schwartz, pop great Neil Sedaka, singer/songwriter Josh Groban, country star Dwight Yoakam and jazz legend Dave Brubeck. 
As a host, she has co-hosted on Sirius Satellite Radio with Scott Nevins (in New York and Los Angeles) and live for many charity events and concerts (also in both New York and Los Angeles). 
Julie graduated from Santa Clara University with a double B.A. in Theatre and English and has been studying voice with famed vocal teacher Edward Sayegh for 15 years. She will be heard next as the singing voice of the fairy Lyria in the Disney animated film "Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure" (to be released November 2009) and will reprise the role of Susan in the new musical "The Water" in Los Angeles in April 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="21571449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571449" title="Prosopamnesia">
Prosopamnesia

Prosopamnesia (Greek: προσωπον = "face", αμνησια = forgetfulness), is a selective neurological impairment in the ability to learn new faces. There is a special neural circuit for the processing of faces as opposed to other non-face objects. Prosopamnesia is a deficit in the part of this circuit responsible for encoding perceptions as memories.
Overview.
Prosopamnesia presents itself in patients as an inability to recognize people they have previously encountered based on their faces. In this way, it is very easily mistaken as prosopagnosia, which is an inability to perceive or recognize faces. Prosopagnosia is a deficit that occurs earlier in the neural circuit while the facial stimuli is being processed, whereas prosopamnesia takes effect when the brain attempts to encode the processed facial stimuli into memory. Because the distinction between prosopamnesia and prosopagnosia is so close in the neurological circuit, the only phenotypic difference between the two is in the breadth of faces to which a patients symptoms apply. Prosopagnosics cannot recognize faces, even of people within their own families over the span of a lifetime. Prosopamnesiacs show a memory for facial stimuli that they learned prior to the onset of their condition (in the case of acquired prosopamnesia) or for facial stimuli that they have encountered repeatedly for long periods of time (in the case of congenital prosopamnesia).
There are currently only two diagnosed cases of prosopamnesia. This is likely due to the fact that it can easily be misdiagnosed as prosopagnosia based on symptoms. Some doctors have even recognized distinctions in deficits of facial perception and facial memory encoding and classified them as subfamilies of prosopagnosia. This lack of consistency within the scientific community for classifying patients with facial memory encoding deficits is one reason that prosopamnesia has such rare diagnosis. Most of the current knowledge about how prosopamnesia works within the brain is hypothesized, but not proven, due to lack of case studies. As doctors become aware of the distinction between prosopagnosia and prosopamnesia, proper and more frequent diagnosis of prosopamnesia may occur.
History.
Prosopamnesia was first proposed as a distinct neurological disorder in 1996. Doctors observed a patient who appeared to have acquired prosopagnosia after an injury to the temporal lobe. This initial patient was unable to recognize faces of people encountered after the onset of injury, but had no problem in recognizing faces of people known previously. This discrepancy caused the doctors to look at the deficit as one involving the encoding of facial memories and not merely perception. This initial case was one of acquired prosopamnesia.
More than a decade later, another group of scientists came across a similar patient. The group initially thought that the patient was prosopagnosic, based on her symptoms. However, upon further investigation, they discovered that the problem was not in the perception of faces, which the patient showed proficiency in based on normal results from the Cambridge Face Perception Test. Rather, the patient showed a deficit in remembering facial stimuli based on poor results from the Cambridge Face Memory Test. Upon this discovery, the doctors found research done in the initial case of prosopamnesia and arrived at the same diagnosis. After this instance, the criteria for diagnosis of prosopamnesia was refined from a list of specific symptoms to a more formal measure which requires a normal score on a facial perception test and a significantly low score on a facial memory test (such as those developed in Cambridge).
In the second case of prosopamnesia diagnosis, the patient reported a lifetime deficit in the ability to remember faces. This indicated that the damage to the face processing neural circuit causing prosopamnesia can be either genetic (developmental type) or incidental brain damage (acquired type).
Neural Processing Circuit.
Within the brain, visual stimuli are processed along many different neural circuits. Due to the evolutionary importance of being able to recognize faces and associate information with others based on this recognition, humans have evolved a distinct neural circuit for the processing of facial stimuli. Since the discovery of this distinct circuit, the anatomical structures involved have been studied in depth. The initial processing of visual stimuli occurs in the Prefrontal Cortex (PFC), Postparietal Cortex (PPC), and Precuneus. The stimuli are then identified as being facial and more refined processing occurs within the Fusiform Face Area (FFA), the Occipital Face Area (OFA), and the face-selective region of the Superior Temporal Sulcus (fSTS). The FFA serves low level tasks, such as distinguishing details between similar well-known objects. The OFA and fSTS serve higher level processing tasks, such as connecting a person's identity to their face and processing emotions based on the arrangement of facial features, respectively. Once facial stimuli have been processed, they are then encoded into memory. This involves many brain structures including the Medial Temporal Lobe (MTL), and the Hippocampus. Storage and retrieval of these memories involves the same regions of the FFA, PFA, and PPC that performed the initial processing tasks.
Cause.
Prosopamnesia can be either genetically inherited (developmental) or acquired as a result of incidental brain damage. The exact cause of prosopamnesia is unverified, because there are only two known cases. Each group of doctors that studied the currently diagnosed prosopamnesiacs proposed slightly different explanations for the cause. Dr. Tippett's group described its cause as a "disconnection between learning mechanisms and domain-specific representations". In other words, a general dysfunction in the brain's ability to encode a representation of facial stimuli into memory. Dr. William's group hypothesized that prosopamnesia is caused by an inability of the FFA to maintain a stable representation of new faces long enough for them to be encoded into memory. This conclusion is partially based on the patient's differing responses to familiar and unfamiliar faces within the FFA as seen in Blood-oxygen-level dependent (BOLD) responses recorded during Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) tests.
Symptoms.
Symptoms of prosopamnesia may include:
Diagnosis.
The following criteria are used for diagnosing patients with prosopamnesia:
In the case of acquired prosopamnesia, recognition of faces must correspond to the timing of the injury, i.e. faces learned before the injury are recognized as familiar and faces encountered after the injury are perceived as unfamiliar.
Face Memory Testing.
Standardizing facial memory and perception testing is key for ensuring accurate diagnosis of prosopagnosia and prosopamnesia. Many face perception and memory tests have been developed and used by researchers in the past including the Warrington Recognition Memory for Faces, Benton Facial Recognition Test and later, The Cambridge Face Perception Test and Cambridge Face Memory Test which were developed in order to address the shortcomings of the first two tests. The Warrington Recognition Memory tests "contain abundant non-internal facial feature information" and the Benton Facial Recognition Test allows test subject to "rely on feature matching strategies using the hairline and eyebrows rather than recognizing the facial configuration". 
The Cambridge Face Perception Test allows participants to look at a target face, while ranking 6 other faces according to their resemblance to the target face. Prosopagnosics will fail this test, while prosopamnesiacs will pass it, making it the hallmark for distinguishing between the two disorders. The Cambridge Face Memory Test gives participants 20 seconds to look over a set of target faces. Subjects are then shown test cases, a lineup of three faces, one of which is from the earlier set of target faces. They are given a score based on how many of the target faces they can properly identify from the test cases. The test is repeated using a different set target faces that have different levels of Gaussian noise. A person with normal face processing abilities will score on average around 80% on this test, while someone with impaired face processing or face memory (prosopamnesiacs) will score well below 50%.
Implications for Neuroscience.
There are several implications for the neuroscience field that are supported by the discovery of prosopamnesia. Within the neural circuit involved in processing visual stimuli, face processing has its own special circuit. This neural circuit exists at birth, as has been evidenced by newborn babies who show a predisposition to track face-like patterns. Normal babies are also able to recognize familiar faces. This is evidenced by the fact that babies react differently (ex. smile or cry) when approached by people depending on whether or not they are familiar. Based on the theory of evolution, in order for a unique neural circuit to arise and be inherited, it must have provided some distinct survival or fitness advantage. It has been proposed that the ability to recognize faces is important for seeing another person as a friend or an enemy and that over the course of human history, as territorialism made other humans our biggest predators, this ability became crucial for survival. This circuit specializes over time, becoming more adept at distinguishing facial features among familiar people, race-groups, and age-groups. This has led to a phenomenon known as Own Group Bias, in which people are much better at distinguishing among faces of people from their same group.
Another implication of prosopamnesia involves division of labor within the brain. Patients with acquired prosopamnesia are able to recognize faces learned before their brain damage occurred. This implicates the division of labor between initial memory encoding and the storage of information, and also suggests that these tasks are performed in different regions within the brain. The distinction between prosopamnesia as a deficit in encoding face memories and prosopagnosia as a deficit in perceiving facial information also implicates division of labor within the face processing neural circuit.
The fact that there are many divisions of labor within the face processing neural circuit and other neural circuits in general causes difficulties in distinguishing between similar disorders such as prosopagnosia and prosopamnesia. There are many points along any neural processing circuit, in which deficits could cause similar outcomes. This makes it difficult to diagnose the root neurological cause of physical symptoms, a problem experienced across the field of neuroscience.

</doc>
<doc id="21571478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571478" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Norfolk, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21571486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571486" title="Naden Harbour">
Naden Harbour

Naden Harbour is a harbour on the north coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada. The locality of Naden Harbour, British Columbia is located on its western shore. Cape Naden is the point on the west side of the entrance to Virago Sound, which is at the entrance to Naden Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="21571532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571532" title="Armsby Block">
Armsby Block

The Armsby Block is an historic commercial building at 144-148 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The five story brick building was designed by Stephen Earle and built in 1885, with storefronts on the ground floor, and a boarding house above. It features modest Victorian Gothic styling, including corbelling at the roof line and a decorative gable at the center of the main facade. It currently contains offices for the Worcester County Sheriff and a restaurant at street level. It is adjacent to the historic Elwood Adams Store.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21571569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571569" title="Ash Street School (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Ash Street School (Worcester, Massachusetts)

The Ash Street School is an historic school building on Ash Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The Italianate style school was built as part of a wave of school construction in the city between 1848 and 1855. It is a square three story brick building with a low hip roof. Each facade has four bays, separated by piers that rise to corbelling just below the roof line. It originally had a cupola, but that has been removed. At the time of its construction, the area where it stands was a densely populated neighborhood; it has since been largely redeveloped for industrial uses.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, at which time the building was used as a warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21571578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571578" title="Allopsalliota">
Allopsalliota

Allopsalliota is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae. A monotypic genus, it consists of the single species Allopsalliota geesterani, found in the Netherlands. The specific epithet honors Dutch mycologist Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus. "Allopsalliota" was circumscribed in 1998 to contain what was then known as "Agaricus geesterani", a species first described in 1986 by Cornelis Bas and Paul Heinemann.

</doc>
<doc id="21571579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571579" title="1924 Rochester Jeffersons season">
1924 Rochester Jeffersons season

The 1924 Rochester Jeffersons season was their fifth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 0–4, losing seven games. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21571606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571606" title="Kung (Haida village)">
Kung (Haida village)

Kung was an important village of the Haida people, located on the west side of Alexandra Narrows on Graham Island, the largest and northernmost of the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada, which are also known as "Haida Gwaii" ("Islands of the Haida"). Alexandra Narrows, known on some old maps as Mazzaredo Sound, connects Naden Harbour and Virago Sound.
Indian Reserve.
Kung Indian Reserve No. 11, or Kung 11 in official registries, is located at the site of Kung. The Kung Indian Reserve is under the administration of Old Massett Village Council and is 28.7 ha in size.

</doc>
<doc id="21571611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571611" title="Susloparov">
Susloparov

Susloparov () is a Russian surname. In the early- and mid-20th century, it would be often transliterated as Sousloparov, due to the French-style transliteration convention used in Soviet passports.
Notable persons with surname Susloparov:

</doc>
<doc id="21571612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571612" title="Chamaemyces">
Chamaemyces

Chamaemyces is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae. It was circumscribed by mycologist Franklin Sumner Earle in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="21571614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571614" title="Adam Lyons">
Adam Lyons

Adam Lyons, known as 'AFC Adam', is a British relationship coach and pickup artist
Biography.
Lyons claims he had limited success with women until his mid-twenties, and was voted 'least likely to ever get a girlfriend' in school by his classmates at age 15. As a teenager, he was obsessed with Star Wars, , Star Trek and especially the role-playing and strategy game Dungeons and Dragons. He was introduced to the seduction community by Neil Strauss' book .
In 2006, FHM covered Lyons and his involvement in Seduction School, a new company whose instructors would later play a central part in Richard La Ruina's PUA Training. In 2007, Lyons was featured in a Channel 4 documentary entitled The Rules Of Seduction. This film examined the activity of the seduction community in Britain, and explored Lyons and his ability to handle intimacy. In 2008, Lyons was featured in The Independent which covered his background, and featured a critique of the seduction community by psychologist Oliver James. Lyons has also been featured in NBC, CBS, thelondonpaper, Arena, The Mirror, Fox News, Maxim, Kerrang and some other publications and television programs.

</doc>
<doc id="21571616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571616" title="Rumbi Island Grill">
Rumbi Island Grill

Rumbi Island Grill is a fast casual restaurant chain based in Sandy, Utah, United States, that specializes in tropical cuisine. Rumbi’s menu includes rice bowls, island-themed entrées, salads, hamburgers, and sandwiches. There are 21 Rumbi locations, including 15 in Utah, 3 in Arizona, 2 in Idaho and 1 in Colorado. Several new locations are planned in Orange County, California.
Founder.
Rumbi Island Grill was founded by Dave Duffin, who also founded Zuka Juice. The president of the company is Stuart Gee.
Franchise.
In April, 2008, Rumbi Island Grill began franchising its restaurant concept.

</doc>
<doc id="21571621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571621" title="Ashworth and Jones Factory">
Ashworth and Jones Factory

The Ashworth and Jones Factory is a historic building at 1511 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It is one of the architecturally finest mid 19th century factory buildings in the city. Located at a site used for industrial purposes since early in the 19th century, it was built in 1870 for Thomas Ashworth and Edward Jones, who began woolen textile operations on the site in 1861. The site underwent a number of expansions between the 1880s and 1910s. The main factory consists of a three story brick building, which windows set in recessed corbelled wall panels. There is a clock tower on one corner that is topped by a mansard roof.
The factory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21571633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571633" title="Lauri Conger">
Lauri Conger

Lauri Conger is notable primarily as the keyboardist and one of the principal co-writers of most of the songs of the Parachute Club.
History.
Lauri Conger is a native of Thunder Bay, where she commenced her professional music career in the 1970s. She continued her career in Toronto, where she and Lorraine Segato were members of Mama Quilla II. In 1982, Conger and Segato, along with percussionist Billy Bryans, formed the nucleus of what would become the Parachute Club. Concurrently, in the early 1980s, Conger was developing a reputation as a solo and duo performer on the Canadian folk music circuit.
While with the Parachute Club, Conger was a co-writer, mainly with Lorraine Segato, other band members and lyricist Lynne Fernie, of most of the group's songs, including the song for which the group is best known, "Rise Up".
Conger stayed with the band through its three albums, released between 1983 and 1986, but left the group in mid-1987, to train in Santa Fe, New Mexico to become a registered massage therapist. She rejoined the band in July, 1988 for what would turn out to be its final performances at Toronto's Ontario Place.
Following her departure from the group and despite her significant contributions to music, Conger did not continue in a prominent role as a professional musician or songwriter. She returned to Canada and to music in 1988, when she received funding from the Canada Council "to pursue a musical focus in First Nations music/rhythms".

</doc>
<doc id="21571651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571651" title="Mario Roberto Santucho">
Mario Roberto Santucho

Mario Roberto Santucho (12 August 1936, Santiago del Estero–19 July 1976, Villa Martelli) was an Argentine revolutionary. He was the leader of ERP (People's Revolutionary Army) and the secretary-general of PRT (Workers' Revolutionary Party). He was killed by the military in a shootout after his hideout was discovered in 1976 by the state security forces. His wife Liliana Delfino was also killed by the military of Argentina the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21571664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571664" title="The River Why">
The River Why

The River Why is a 1983 novel by David James Duncan. While it initially starts off as a fishing story, "The River Why" turns into the story of a young person struggling to come to grips with the modern world.
Plot summary.
A coming of age story narrated by Gus Orviston, the oldest son in a fishing mad family. Frustrated with life in Portland, Oregon and the constant bickering of his bait fishing mother (Ma) and tweed-wearing, fly-fishing father (H2O) over the proper way to fish, Gus moves to a small cabin in the foothills of the Oregon Coast Range. Once there he begins to follow an "ideal schedule" that has him doing nothing but eating, sleeping and fishing. In the course of doing nothing but what he loves to do, he begins to notice the scars that humanity has inflicted on the river and forests he loves. Gus also goes through the traumatic event that occurs as he is fishing of wrestling with a dead man, and through it is able to realize how wrong his "ideal schedule" really is. As he wrestles with what to do he begins to relate with the people in his neighborhood, and discovers a beautiful fisher woman that helps him discover that there is more to life than just fishing.
Awards.
Voted 35th best novel in the "San Francisco Chronicle" list of The 20th Century's 100 Best Books of the American West.
20th Anniversary Edition.
In 2002, Sierra Club Books released a 20th Anniversary Edition that includes a new afterword by the author describing Thomas Mann's Buddenbrooks influence on him at the age of 16 and how this led him to a life of literature. Duncan also uses the afterword to describe the process that led to the writing of The River Why, and the difficulty finding a publisher. Throughout the piece Duncan speaks of political, religious, and environmental ideas that are the basis of The River Why, "The Brothers K" (1992, ISBN 0-553-37849-X), "River Teeth" (1996, ISBN 0-553-37827-9), "My Story As Told By Water" (2001, ISBN 1-57805-083-9), "God Laughs and Plays: Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right", (ISBN 0977717003) as well as other essays and published writings.
Film and theatrical adaptation.
The book is the basis of a film starring Zach Gilford, William Hurt and Amber Heard. The film was released to critics in April, 2010.
The novel was adapted for the stage by Book-It Repertory Theatre of Seattle and produced in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21571702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571702" title="Dennis Cross">
Dennis Cross

Dennis Cross (December 17, 1924 – April 6, 1991) was an American actor who was the lead star of the syndicated television series "The Blue Angels", fictional stories of daredevil United States Navy pilots which aired from 1960-1961. In addition, he appeared in many television westerns.
Early years, military, acting.
Cross was a native of Whitefish, in Flathead County in northwestern Montana located northwest of the state capital of Helena in Lewis and Clark County. At the age of seventeen, Cross joined the United States Marine Corps and fought against Japanese at the Battle of Guadalcanal. He studied acting through the assistance of the G.I. Bill of Rights at the Actors Lab in Hollywood, located next to Schwab's Drug Store, where several film stars were discovered.
In the early 1950s, Cross moved to New York City and appeared in several live television programs and taped advertising spots. Cross's first acting role was at the age of twenty-seven as Cadet Rob in the 1952 episode "Constitution Island" of the "Hallmark Hall of Fame", then on NBC.
He performed with silent film star Lillian Gish in the 1953 episode "A Trip to the Bountiful" of NBC's "Philco Television Playhouse". Having worked the night shift in a factory the day before the shooting of the program, Cross broke his finger, placed it in a splint, but still arrived for the filming. In the episode Cross is shown behind the cage of a bus ticket counter with his finger in the splint selling a ticket to Gish. This particular episode was placed in the archives of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
When Cross returned to California, he starred in 1957 as the Indian Coacoochee in the film "Naked in the Sun", sometimes called "The Osceola Story", about Chief Osceola of the Florida Seminoles tribe. Three years later, he was cast to portray Commander Arthur Richards in thirty-three episodes of "The Blue Angels", including "Not for the Moment", "The Sticking Season", "Pacific Monteray Story", "Second Best", and "The Blue Leaders", with guest star Ernest Borgnine. The series co-stars included Don Gordon and Ross Elliott.
Western roles.
From 1958-1962, Cross appeared in different roles in six episodes of Chuck Connors's "The Rifleman" on ABC series. His "Rifleman" roles were as Witcherly in "The Safe Guard", Ned Dunnell in "The Gaucho", Lafe Oberly as "The Patsy", Dorn in "The Hero", Fance Degnan in "The Vision", and Martin in "The Quiet Fear".
Cross guest starred thirteen times between 1956 and 1969 on CBS's "Gunsmoke" with James Arness, including the role of the Native American Three Hand in the 1965 episode "Chief Joseph". Cross appeared five times on CBS's "Rawhide" between 1959–1963 and five times as well on ABC's "The Big Valley" between 1965 and 1967. He made three appearances in 1968 and 1969 on Walter Brennan's ABC series, "The Guns of Will Sonnett" in episodes "Pariah", "Join the Army", and "Robber's Roose". He also appeared three times on the syndicated anthology series "Death Valley Days" in episodes "Treasure of Elk Canyon" (1961), and "Captain Dick Mine" and "The Rider" (both 1965).
He appeared twice on Fess Parker's NBC series, "Daniel Boone", including the role of Chief Red Hand in the 1966 episode "Gun-Barrel Highway". Cross appeared twice too in the 1959-1960 ABC series "Black Saddle" starring Peter Breck. In 1958, he appeared twice on Richard Boone's CBS series, "Have Gun - Will Travel", in the episodes "Hey Boy's Revenge" and "Twenty-Four Hours at North Fork". Cross guest starred twice on both "Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theater" and Henry Fonda's "The Deputy". He appeared once on each of the Dale Robertson western, "Tales of Wells Fargo" ("Man for the Job" as Lambert) and "The Iron Horse" ("Town Full of Fear" as Jim Vail).
He made single appearances on "The Texan", "Jefferson Drum", "Sheriff of Cochise", "The Gray Ghost", "The Texan", "", "Man Without a Gun", "Hotel de Paree", "Two Faces West", "The Virginian", "Branded", "The Legend of Jesse James" (in episode "The Pursuers" as Meager), "Bonanza", "Cimarron Strip", "The High Chaparral", "Wichita Town", Robert Culp's "Trackdown", and Don Murray's "The Outcasts".
Other roles.
Cross appeared also in drama programs, including the episodes "The Golden Carpet" and "The Middle Man" of ABC's 1961-1962 crime drama, "" with Stephen McNally and Robert Harland. He guest starred on the syndicated police series, "Sheriff of Cochise, the anthology series, "The Dick Powell Show", the World War II combat drama, "The Gallant Men", Keenan Wynn's "The Troubleshooters", David Janssen's "The Fugitive", Mike Connors's "Tightrope", "Playhouse 90", Robert Wagner's "It Take a Thief", and "The F.B.I.".
Cross also appeared in comedy, including Walter Brennan "The Real McCoys", "The Munsters", "Family Affair", "Ensign O'Toole", "Get Smart", and "The Bill Cosby Show".
Cross's later roles included two appearances as a sheriff on ABC's "The Mod Squad" (1969–1970) and twice on CBS's "" in episodes "Mindbend" (1971) and "Underground" as Arnold Lutz (1972). His last acting role was as a man in the church congregation on CBS's "The Waltons" in the 1976 episode, "The Cloudburst".
Cross appeared in a few films: "The Brass Legend" (1956) with Hugh O'Brian and Raymond Burr, "Crime of Passion" (1957), "The Over-the-Hill Gang" (1969) with Walter Brennan, "80 Steps to Jonah" (1969), and "The Bounty Man" (1972), a television movie.
Cross's son, Randy Cross, born in New York City in 1954, is a former professional football player and sports broadcaster. The Crosses were living in Encino, California, in the 1970s, when he retired from acting and became a vice president of the Doctors Insurance Company in Santa Monica. He died in Los Angeles at the age of sixty-six.

</doc>
<doc id="21571714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571714" title="Kathleen Jones (academic)">
Kathleen Jones (academic)

Kathleen Jones (April 7, 1922 – October 13, 2010 ) was a former Professor of Social Policy and Head of Department of Social Policy and Social Work, University of York, 1965–87 and Emeritus Professor since 1987.
She lived in York, England. Jones was educated at the North London Collegiate School and Westfield College, University of London (in Oxford). She worked in WEA and Extra-Mural teaching from 1943-5, and went to work at the University of Manchester after a career break in 1951. She lectured in Social Administration until 1965, when she became Professor of Social Policy in the University of York, a post which she held until 1987. She travelled widely, to most countries in Europe, to North and Central America, to Russia, to China, to Malaysia, to the Middle East, mainly in the interests of mental health research. She was the author of some 22 books, and numerous reports, papers and articles.
Publications.
Other.
(1971-6).

</doc>
<doc id="21571729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571729" title="Liliana Delfino">
Liliana Delfino

Liliana Delfino was an Argentine Marxist militant. Along with her husband Mario Roberto Santucho, she was among the leaders of ERP, an armed Marxist organization. She was arrested and killed by the military in 1976. Her body was never found.

</doc>
<doc id="21571735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571735" title="Keiko Suzuka">
Keiko Suzuka


</doc>
<doc id="21571745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571745" title="Ultraperformance Nanophotonic Intrachip Communications">
Ultraperformance Nanophotonic Intrachip Communications

The Ultraperformance Nanophotonic Intrachip Communications (UNIC) program is a project of DARPA. It is dedicated to funding projects by chip makers to create nanophotonic microprocessors.
On March 3, 2008, Sun Microsystems announced that it had received a US$44.29M grant from UNIC for a "five and a half-year research project focused on microchip interconnectivity via on-chip optical networks enabled by Silicon photonics and proximity communication"; this project also involves collaboration with Luxtera, Kotura, Stanford University and the University of California, San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="21571762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571762" title="Jaime Fonalledas">
Jaime Fonalledas

Jaime Fonalledas (born 1946) is the President and CEO of Empresas Fonalledas Inc., which owns Plaza Las Américas, the largest shopping mall in the Caribbean and one of the top retail and entertainment venues in the world. Empresas Fonalledas Inc., also has holdings in dairy cattle operations, milk processing plants, non-dairy food industries, plastics manufacturing, real estate ventures, and banking operations. Employing more than 9,000 people in total, Empresas Fonalledas companies include Plaza del Caribe, Tres Monjitas, Vaqueria Tres Monjitas, Ganaderia Tres Monjitas and franchise Soft & Creamy.
Early years.
Fonalledas was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico into one of the island's wealthiest families. There he received his early education at Catholic schools in Hato Rey and Rio Piedras. In 1966, he graduated Magna Cum Laude from the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico and earned a degree in Economics. Fonalledas pursued his law degree at the University of Puerto Rico and was admitted to the Puerto Rico Bar in 1971. He joined his family's business enterprises "Empresas Fonalledas", a business which has its origins in the early part of the 20th century.
Beginning of the Fonalledas dynasty.
Fonalledas' grandfather Jaime Fonalledas Garriga had a farm called "Santa Elena", located in the town of Toa Baja. There he had a small store and sold milk and dairy products from his farm. On July 21, 1918, Fonalledas Garriga together with his two brothers Jerónimo and Gerardo and his sister Rosa bought 527 acres (2 square kilometers) of land in Hato Rey, a section of San Juan, which was part of a farm called "Las Monjas" and where sugar cane was cultivated.
The family began their milk and dairy producing operations and named their enterprise "Vaqueria Tres Monjitas". The quality of their product made them leaders in their agricultural field. What began as a small business has evolved into Empresas Fonalledas, one of Puerto Rico's largest business enterprises which include Plaza Del Caribe in Ponce, Puerto Rico; as well as Vaqueria Tres Monjitas which produces milk, dairy products, juice drinks; an ice cream companies, several real estate developments and Plaza Las Americas.
Empresas Fonalledas Inc..
Plaza Las Americas.
Fonalledas was still a child in the late 1950s when the family thought of the idea of developing a shopping center, modeled after Lenox Square in Atlanta and spurred on by the evolution of the concept in the United States. Construction began on the same sugar cane fields on which the Fonalledas family had established their dairy business and Plaza Las Americas was inaugurated in 1968, boasting the first JC Penney store outside the continental United States.
Fonalledas eventually rose to the presidency of the family business. Under his leadership Plaza Las Americas has become the largest shopping center in the Caribbean. The center has often been used as a testing ground for U.S. retailers looking to expand internationally. Macy’s opened their first store outside the continental United States, Border’s Books & Music opened its first bilingual store and a 13-screen movie theater was opened for a total of 21 movie screens. The sales figures place Plaza Las Americas among the top 1% of super-regional shopping centers in North America.
Vaqueria Tres Monjitas.
Under Fonalledas' leadership Vaqueria Tres Monjitas has become the largest milk and dairy industry in Puerto Rico. The company, with over 450 employees and annual sales of $110 million (U.S.), relocated its operations to an area in the town of Dorado, into a modern plant that boasts a modern quality control laboratory. The company, which also produces fruit juices and drinks, has three warehouse and distribution centers located in the city's of Ponce, Arecibo and Mayagüez.
Real Estate development.
Empresas Fonalledas invested millions of dollars in various real estate projects. The construction of an office tower, Torre Chardon, began in 1998 and was finished in 2001. Fonalledas also oversaw the development of two residential projects in San Juan and Ponce respectively as part of the real estate holdings of Empresas Fonalledas.
The San Juan project includes two residential buildings with 58 apartments located in Hato Rey and the Ponce residential project features 132 walk-up units with direct access to Plaza Del Caribe.
Businessman of the Year.
In 2000, Fonalledas was named "Puerto Rico Chamber of Commerce Businessman of the Year". He has also been recognized as one of the Caribbean Business Top Business Leaders of Puerto Rico. In 2003, Fonalledas donated 500 thousand dollars to the scholarship funds of the University of Puerto Rico.
Fonalledas, who has been honored by universities, professional associations, and the Roman Catholic Church is married to the former Zoraida Ferraiuoli-Martinez, the Republican National Committeewoman for Puerto Rico, who was a Superdelegate to the 2000 Republican National Convention in Philadelphia. Mrs. Fonalledas received her Juris Doctor Degree from the InterAmerican University School of Law of Puerto Rico and her LLM in Labor Law from the New York University School of Law. She was reelected National Committeewoman for Puerto Rico at the State Convention held on November 23, 2003. She has held this position since 1995. The Fonalledas have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="21571768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571768" title="Ralph Osterhout">
Ralph Osterhout

Ralph Osterhout is an American inventor, designer and entrepreneur. During his career he has developed a range of products spanning toys, consumer electronics, dive equipment, furniture to devices for the Department of Defense.
Early life.
Ralph Osterhout was born in Seattle, Washington in 1946 and moved to Santa Cruz, California at the age of 1. He attended Soquel High School graduating in 1964 and later went on to San Jose State University graduating in 1969.
A pivotal point in Osterhout’s life was at the 1969 boat show, where he showcased the first of a kind diver propulsion vehicle (DPV) named the MK I. The Navy subsequently purchased the MK II in 1970.
Osterhout, then known as Ralph Shamlian, was married three times by the age of 27; his third marriage, in 1973, to Denise Maria Scanlon, 19 years old at the time, lasted 6 months. He has had several marriages since.
Films and television.
Osterhout designed and built equipment that appeared in or on:
Patents.
U.S. Utility Patents
U.S. Design Patents

</doc>
<doc id="21571791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571791" title="Tamara Oudyn">
Tamara Oudyn

Tamara Oudyn is an Australian television presenter and reporter. Oudyn is weekend presenter of "ABC News Victoria".
Career.
Oudyn began her media career in 2003 working as a news reporter in Brisbane. Prior to this, she was a researcher and producer for factual programs in Australia and the United Kingdom. In late 2003, she moved to Melbourne and joined the ABC’s Asia Pacific News service (now Australia Network), where she worked as a reporter and presenter of the breakfast news program for 18 months.
In 2005, Tamara moved to the "ABC News Victoria" newsroom to report for the 7pm news bulletin. Since then she has filmed in Banda Aceh six months after the Boxing Day tsunami, presented "The Midday Report" over two summers, spent 18 months on the court round in Melbourne, and filed network news reports.
In February 2008, Oudyn replaced Kathy Bowlen as the weekend presenter of "ABC News Victoria". 
In January 2009, Tamara was appointed as host of "Stateline Victoria", replacing Kathy Bowlen who resigned from the network. 
Oudyn is a fill-in presenter on "ABC News Breakfast" for Virginia Trioli. 

</doc>
<doc id="21571825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571825" title="1924 Rock Island Independents season">
1924 Rock Island Independents season

The 1924 Rock Island Independents season was their fifth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 2–3–3, winning five games. They finished fifth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21571838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571838" title="Germán Pinillos">
Germán Pinillos

Club career.
Pinillos played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Sporting Cristal and Sport Boys.
International career.
Pinillos made 14 appearances for the senior Peru national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="21571865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571865" title="Levent (name)">
Levent (name)

Levent is a Turkish masculine name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21571902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571902" title="John Warthen Struble">
John Warthen Struble

John Warthen Struble is an American composer-pianist and writer. Born in 1952 in Washington, D.C, he began piano studies at the age of eight and composed his first work, "The Clown Prince of Wanderlust", a children’s musical theatre piece, when he was 15. That same year, he made his concert debut playing Mozart’s Piano Concerto No. 21,K. 467, with original cadenzas, with the San Bernardino (CA) Youth Symphony under conductor Gerald Christensen.
As an undergraduate at Indiana University, Struble studied with John Eaton, Bernhard Heiden and Juan Orrego-Salas, in addition to seminars with John Cage, Iannis Xenakis, George Crumb, Virgil Thomson, Aaron Copland, Donald Erb and others. His undergraduate thesis was a one-act opera, "Pontifex" (Op. 8), for theatre-in-the-round with multiple chamber ensembles in lieu of orchestra.
Struble received his M.A. in Music from the University of California, San Diego, where he studied with Pauline Oliveros and Robert Erickson. His thesis was "The “Concord Sonata” of Charles E. Ives: a reference for pianists and scholars", on which he worked with the late John Kirkpatrick at Yale, and which began his lifelong passion for American classical music.
In subsequent years, Struble has written and performed a variety of works, ranging from his "Granite State Suite" (Op. 26 & 26a), commissioned by the State of New Hampshire for the bicentennial of the U.S. Constitution in 1987 to the somber "Archbishop Romero Mass" (Op. 18) for mixed chorus, brass choir, timpani and organ, premiered under the composer’s direction at the cathedral of the San Bernardino/Riverside Roman Catholic Diocese. His compositions range from serious piano sonatas to Broadway musicals, from string quartets to his 2006 "Rhapsody for Piano and Jazz Band" (Op. 46).
He is the author of several articles and reviews which have appeared in 'Musical America', 'Minnesota Composers Forum', American Music Teacher' and other journals, as well as the book "The History of American Classical Music", published in 1995 by Facts on File (New York). In addition, his collection of 104 American folk songs, entitled "Classic American Folk Music", arranged for piano with historical commentary by the author, was published in two volumes by Belwin Mills in 1996.
Struble currently resides in New Hampshire where he continues his work as musician, author and educator.

</doc>
<doc id="21571914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571914" title="Betty DeGeneres">
Betty DeGeneres

Betty DeGeneres (born Elizabeth Jane Pfeffer; May 20, 1930) is an American LGBT rights activist. She is the mother of Ellen and Vance DeGeneres and the first non-gay spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign's National Coming Out Project and an active member of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays (PFLAG). She gained notability following her daughter Ellen's highly publicized coming out in 1997.
Life and career.
DeGeneres was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. She attended Louisiana State University for two years and married Elliott DeGeneres in 1952 but now they are divorced. She eventually remarried a man named Roy Gruessendorf.
DeGeneres is the author of two books: "Love, Ellen: A Mother Daughter Journey" and "Just a Mom". In "Love, Ellen: A Mother Daughter Journey", she describes her reaction to her daughter coming out as a lesbian, and her path from passive acceptance to becoming a passionate advocate for LGBT rights. She also describes the media scrutiny she received after Ellen came out. Her second book, "Just a Mom", continues these themes. She also wrote a column for the (now defunct) website PlanetOut called "Ask Betty."
DeGeneres appeared as an extra in the episode "The Puppy Episode" of the television sitcom "Ellen", in which her daughter Ellen's character comes out.
DeGeneres appears in many episodes of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", sitting in the audience.
DeGeneres is a breast cancer survivor and discusses this during public appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="21571924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571924" title="CCAP">
CCAP

CCAP may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21571938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571938" title="Tales of the City (album)">
Tales of the City (album)

Tales of the City is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Rockmelons. It was released in May 1988 on True Tone Records and peaked at number six on the Australian album charts. The band shared the Australian Record Industry Association (ARIA) Award for 'Best Debut Album' in 1988 with 1927's album "...ish".
It was re-issued in 1992 by Mushroom Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by R. Medhurst, B. Jones, J. Jones, R. Smith except where noted, according to Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Credited to:
Rockmelons
Recording details

</doc>
<doc id="21571940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571940" title="Eliza (Arne)">
Eliza (Arne)

Eliza is an opera in three acts by the composer Thomas Arne to an English libretto by Richard Rolt. The opera was premiered in London at the New Theatre in the Haymarket on 29 May 1754.
History and music analysis.
The opera is named for Queen Elizabeth I of England, although she does not actually appear as an onstage character. Although "Eliza" is highly patriotic in nature, the monarchy did not take kindly to the work and the opera was suppressed after one performance "by an Order from a superior Power". The opera was later more successfully revived at the Smock Alley Theatre in Dublin in 1755 and at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in December 1756.
"Eliza" was published in 1758 but without the recitatives or choruses. However, the original score for Acts 2 and 3 has survived with only some of the music from Act 1 being lost. Stylistically, the opera is closer to that of Italian baroque opera than the pre-classical works being written around the same time; additionally, it has some relationship to the masque or allegory. Arne's orchestration is quite progressive for its day, using strings, bassoons, oboes, trumpets, horns and drums; it also includes obbligato parts for piccolo, flute, descant recorder and cello. The overture suggests the style of Handel.
Synopsis.
The setting is 1588. Britannia, in an attitude of dejection, is alone on stage, dreading the approaching military might of Spain. Various friendly beings, including the "Genius of England", Peace, Liberty, Neptune, and various shepherds and shepherdesses, attempt to invigorate her; eventually her morale improves sufficiently that the group can defend their nation from the approaching Spanish Armada. A war march precedes the climactic battle at sea. After the successful battle, the Genius of England sings the aria "We have fought, we have conquer'd", and the entire ensemble welcomes peace in the finale "Hail glory, like the morning star."

</doc>
<doc id="21571943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571943" title="Thomas Stegg">
Thomas Stegg

Thomas Stegg (died 1652) was a Virginia merchant and politician. He was the first Speaker of the Virginia House of Burgesses in the 1643 session, when the Burgesses first met as a separate lower house of the Virginia General Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21571952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571952" title="Leventis">
Leventis

Leventis (Λεβέντης) is a Greek surname, derived from the Greek name for the Levant and thus likely related to the Turkish given name Levent. Because "nt" is pronounced /nd/ in Greek, the name is sometimes spelled "Levendis". The etymology of Leventis is given in the Oxford Dictionary of American Family Names:
People.
Here is a partial list of people named Leventis or Levendis:
The Nigerian football team Leventis United is named after the A. G. Leventis foundation created by Anastasios G. Leventis. 
In contemporary Greek, "levendis" means a handsome and gallant male.

</doc>
<doc id="21571980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571980" title="List of Philadelphia Phillies first-round draft picks">
List of Philadelphia Phillies first-round draft picks

The Philadelphia Phillies are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They play in the National League East division. Since the institution of Major League Baseball's Rule 4 Draft, the Phillies have selected 49 players in its first round. Officially known as the "First-Year Player Draft", the Rule 4 Draft is Major League Baseball's primary mechanism for assigning amateur baseball players from high schools, colleges, and other amateur baseball clubs to its teams. The draft order is determined based on the previous season's standings, with the team possessing the worst record receiving the first pick. In addition, teams which lost free agents in the previous off-season may be awarded compensatory or supplementary picks.
Of the 49 players picked in the first round by the Phillies, 25 have been pitchers, the most of any position; 19 of these were right-handed, while 6 were left-handed. Nine players picked in the initial round were outfielders, while six catchers, four first basemen, and three shortstops were selected. The team also selected one player each at second base and third base. Thirteen of the forty-five players came from high schools or universities in the state of California, while Texas and Florida follow, with six and five players, respectively.
Eight Phillies first-round picks have won a championship with the franchise. Greg Luzinski (1968), Larry Christenson (1972), and Lonnie Smith (1974) were on the roster when the team won the 1980 World Series. Third baseman (later left fielder) Pat Burrell (1998), pitchers Adam Eaton (1996), Brett Myers (1999) and Cole Hamels (2002), and second baseman Chase Utley (2000) were all members of the team during the Phillies' 2008 World Series championship.
The Phillies have had five compensatory and seven supplementary picks since the institution of the First-Year Player Draft in 1965. These additional picks are provided when a team loses a particularly valuable free agent in the prior off-season, or, more recently, if a team fails to sign a draft pick from the previous year. The Phillies have failed to sign their first-round pick twice. The first occurrence was in 1965 (Mike Adamson); however, compensatory picks were not awarded at that time. The second occurrence was in 1997, when outfielder J. D. Drew, at the advice of agent Scott Boras, refused to sign a contract worth less than $10 million. Drew sat out of affiliated baseball in 1997, playing instead for the independent St. Paul Saints of the Northern League, and re-entered the 1998 Draft the following year. The Phillies were awarded an additional pick in that draft, with which they selected outfielder Eric Valent.

</doc>
<doc id="21571988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571988" title="National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day">
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day

National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, which is observed annually on December 7, is to remember and honor all those who died in the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. On August 23, 1994, United States Congress, by , designated December 7 of each year as National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day is also referred to as Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day or Pearl Harbor Day. It is a tradition to fly the Flag of the United States at half-staff until sunset in honor of dead patriots. 
The Attack on Pearl Harbor.
On Sunday morning, December 7, 1941 America's naval base in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii was attacked by aircraft and submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy. More than 2,400 Americans were killed and more than 1,100 were wounded. The attack sank four U.S. Navy battleships and damaged four more. It also damaged or sank three cruisers, three destroyers, one minelayer. Aircraft losses were 188 destroyed and 159 damaged.
Aftermath.
The day after the attack, the United States declared war on Japan and entered World War II. President Franklin Roosevelt, in a speech to Congress, stated that the bombing of Pearl Harbor is "a date which will live in infamy".
Public Life.
It is not a federal holiday. Government offices, schools, and businesses do not close. Some organizations may hold special events in memory of those killed or injured at Pearl Harbor.
Memorials.
Memorials have been built to remember the day and its events. The USS "Arizona" memorial in Pearl Harbor is a marble memorial over the sunken battleship , which was dedicated in 1962. The memorial remembers all military personnel who were killed in the Pearl Harbor attack. Another memorial is that of the , a battleship that was attacked and sunk in the attack. A memorial to honor the crew of the USS "Utah" was dedicated on the northwest shore of Ford Island, near the ship's wreck, in 1972. The ship was added to the National Register of Historic Places and declared a National Historic Landmark in 1989. 
In 1990, leading up to the 50th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Congress established the Pearl Harbor Commemorative Medal. This is also known as the Pearl Harbor Survivor's medal and was awarded to anyone who was in the U.S. Armed Forces and who was present in Hawaii on December 7, 1941 and participated in combat operations that day against the attack. The medal was also awarded to civilians who were killed or injured in the attack. A few years later, Congress amended the law to allow any person who was present in Hawaii on December 7, 1941 and was involved in combat operations against Japanese military forces attacking Hawaii to receive the award. In both instances, there was a limited time period to apply for the award, and it is no longer issued.

</doc>
<doc id="21571989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21571989" title="Chirunomula">
Chirunomula

Chirunomula is a small village located in Bonakal Mandal of Khammam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Administration.
chirunomula is a Village Panchayat under Bonakal intermediate Panchayat
The current elected Sarpanch of chirunomula is Sakamuri Raja .
Education.
Chirunomula boasts of a High school which existed long before the Sub division Bonakal had a High school.
It has 2 primary schools
The village has a literacy rate of around 51% according to 2001 census
Notable people.
B Seshayya was the squad leader of martyrs who fought in the Telangana Peasant revolt. Katta Rama kotayya and Bodepudi Punnayya were also members of the squad killed in the firing.

</doc>
<doc id="21572005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572005" title="Fateh Singh (Sikh leader)">
Fateh Singh (Sikh leader)

Fateh Singh (27 October 1911 - 30 October 1972) was an Indian Sikh religious and political leader, and a key figure in the Punjabi Suba movement. He was revered as Sant Fateh Singh among his followers.
Early days.
Fateh Singh was the son of Channan Singh, a resident of Badiala in Bathinda district of Punjab. Fateh Singh did not have any formal schooling, but he started learning to read and write Punjabi language at the age of 13. He expressed deep interest in the Sikh scriptures, as a result of which his father apprenticed him to a Sikh scholar named Ishar Singh. Later, Fateh Singh migrated to the Ganganagar in the princely state of Bikaner (now in Rajasthan). He toured the nearby villages, preaching the Sikh faith. He also promoted education among the citizens, and established several gurdwaras and schools, besides an orphanage.
Punjabi Suba movement.
In the 1950s, Fateh Singh entered politics when he started supporting the concept of "Punjabi Suba", a separate state for the Punjabi speakers in India. By the late 1950s, Fateh Singh had become the senior vice-president of the Shiromani Akali Dal, and had led several marches supporting the Punjabi Suba movement. On 18 December 1960, he started a fast-unto-death in support of his demand. Several prominent Indian leaders tried to convince him to abandon his fast. He ended his fast on 9 January 1961, after the Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru issued a statement indicating the support for establishment of a Punjabi Suba. Paul R. Brass, the Professor Emeritus of Political Science and South Asian Studies at the University of Washington, opines that the Sikh leader Fateh Singh tactically stressed the linguistic basis of the demand, while downplaying the religious basis for the demand—a state where the distinct Sikh identity could be preserved.
In July 1962, Fateh Singh broke away from the prominent Sikh leader Master Tara Singh, and formed his own Akali Dal. On 2 October 1962, his party gained control of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee. In the Gurdwara elections on 17 January 1965, Fateh Singh's party annexed 90 of the seats, while Master Tara Singh's party could manage only 45.
After a few unsatisfactory meetings with Nehru, on 16 August 1965, Fateh Singh threatened another fast-undo-death and self-immolation, if a Punjabi Suba was not created. However, after the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 broke out, he decided to postpone his fast, and asked his followers to support the government in this need of hour.
After the war ended, the Government of India set up a Cabinet Committee consisting of Indira Gandhi, Mahavir Tyagi and Yashwantrao Chavan to consider the Punjabi Suba proposal. On Fateh Singh's request, a Parliamentary Consultative Committee headed by the Lok Sabha speaker Sardar Hukam Singh was also constituted for the same purpose. The report of the Hukam Singh committee was made public on 18 January 1966, recommending the reorganization of the Punjab state on linguistic basis. When Indira Gandhi became the Prime Minister after Lal Bahadur Shastri's death, she agreed to the Punjabi Suba proposal. On 3 September 1966, the Punjab Reorganization Bill was introduced in the Lok Sahha and the modern Punjab state came into being on 1 November 1966.
However, Fateh Singh was not happy about Chandigarh and some other Punjabi-speaking areas being left out of Punjab. He threatened a fast starting from 17 December 1966 and self-immolation on 27 December 1966, if his demands were not met. Hukam Singh and Giani Gurmukh Singh Musafir (the Chief Minister of the Punjab) persuaded him to end his fast on behalf of Indira Gandhi, and Fateh Singh ended his fast on 27 December 1966.
Fateh Singh's influence began to decline in the late 1960s. He started another fast-unto-death on 26 January 1970, demanding the inclusion of Chandigarh into Punjab, but ended it on 30 January. He announced his retirement from politics on 25 March 1972, and died in Amritsar a few months later, on 30 October 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="21572039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572039" title="Elizabeth Axtman">
Elizabeth Axtman

Elizabeth Axtman is an American photographer and video artist whose work explores race in American culture.
Early life.
Axtman was born on Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland in 1980. She received her BA in photography from San Francisco State University in 2004 and her MFA in photography from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2006. She lives and works in Oakland, California.
Work.
Axtman is interested in exploring and molding historical and contemporary representations of American racialization, including the sub-themes of racial passing and the trope of the tragic mulatto. Several of her pieces involve reworking found video and audio, and she often inserts herself—her voice, her face—into her work. In noting that her work draws comedic inspiration from the likes of Richard Pryor and Paul Mooney, she has stated that: "Humor has always been a part of what I do. It helps me to talk about things, but it keeps me safe too."
In her 2005 video "American Classics", Axtman stares into the camera at close range and mouths the words to various racially-charged film dialogues and monologues, including snippets from the 1934 movie Imitation of Life. Axtman's constant artistic forays into the rhetoric of race suited her work for "Black Is, Black Ain't", a group show currently on view at the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit. "Black Is, Black Ain't", which culls its title from Ralph Ellison's "Invisible Man", and which features Axtman's "American Classics", seeks to examine the contemporary moment, where the cultural production of so-called “blackness” is concurrent with efforts to make race socially and politically irrelevant.
The 2006 video "Where’s The Party At?" depicts Axtman, in a white track suit, dancing around a burning cross as the video’s eponymous dance track (a song by R&B group Jagged Edge) plays in its entirety. The video was shot on the grounds of the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Maine, where Axtman was an artist in residence in 2006. In an interview about "Where's The Party At?", Axtman admitted: "I really got into the historical meaning of burning a cross... When Ku Klux Klan burn it within their little crew of white people in little dresses, there’s such meaning of spirituality and brotherhood and their white pride. Then they put it in black people’s yards to [say 'I hate you nigger, get away.' So it has this really weird double meaning. It was really important for me to feel like I was mocking their sacredness. That was the best part for me...making a joke out of their hatred."
Axtman also produces paintings, drawings, and mixed media works. She has cited Otabenga Jones, Kehinde Wiley, Guillermo Gomez-Pena, and Adrian Piper as artistic inspirations.
Exhibitions.
Video work by Axtman is on view at The Studio Museum in Harlem from February 13 through March 15, 2009. Axtman's work has been exhibited at the Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland, the Hyde Park Art Center, the Spelman College Museum of Fine Art, and many other museums and galleries.

</doc>
<doc id="21572094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572094" title="Whaley Children's Center">
Whaley Children's Center

The Whaley Children's Center is a private agency that focuses on caring for children and families in crisis. It is located in Flint, Michigan, neighboring Hurley Medical Center. Whaley Children's Center offers a wide variety of services to meet the basic needs of children and families in need.
History.
The Whaley Children's Center was conceived as an idea in the late 1880s by a man named Robert J. Whaley. Robert was inspired to open a children's center by the death of his son(Donald M. Whaley) at the age of eleven. His son was saving his earnings to voluntarily give to a children's orphanage in Detroit. While being inspired by his son's willingness to care for trouble children, Robert began to invest money into his will to build the Donald M. Whaley Home in memory of his son.
The Whaley Children's Center was built in 1926, with the leadership of Charles Stewart Mott, who was the first president of the Whaley Foundation. Since the building of the Whaley Children's Center, there has been many additions. In 1955, a recreational building was added, which included; a gym, craft room, and two classrooms. In 1964, the Children's Center went under major renovations for the first time since 1926 to improve the overall appearance. In 1977, Whaley's Children Center was the first agency to provide a foster care treatment program, that would provide children to live with specially trained families. During the same year, an educational center was also added to the recreational center. It included five classrooms, several offices and meeting rooms. In 1982, a special needs adoption program was also a new addition.
Mission.
Whaley Children's Center serves troubled youth, teaching them how to succeed as individuals, by providing continuity of care across all programs and supporting them with the resources so they can reach their potential.
Treatment Programs.
"Optimist House".
Established in 1994, the Optimist House is a program that focuses on six youth, ranging in ages 6–17 in a residential environment. With the support of many other agencies The Whaley's Children Center is able to provide these children with clothing, food, shelter and education. The youth that live in the Optimist House are able to get involved in community activities, and additional educational activities. The staff of the Optimist House work unexpected hours to keep the youth feeling safe and to keep the overall mission alive.
"Rotary House".
The Rotary House was established in 1985. This group home has a great amount of relation to the Optimist House. The Rotary House strives to provide youth between the ages of 6 to 17, a loving and nurturing environment for children. Six children have their own individual room in which they have chores and help prepare meals. The children also have the opportunity to be appointed a "job" for some extra cash.
"Kiwanis House".
The Kiwanis House was established in 1989, focusing on emotionally disturbed children who may have endured neglect, physical abuse, and/or sexual abuse. Its focus is to provide a support system and structure. The Kiwanis House has recently been transformed into a boys home, with ages ranging from 11-17. The goal of the Kiwanis House is to teach the young men independent living skills, help them develop personal responsibilities, and empower them to become successful leaders. All referring back to the overall mission of the Whaley Children's Center. Children typically stay here 6–12 months, afterwards moving into an adoptive family, or with their biological family.
"Zonta House".
The Zonta House was established in 1994. It helps seven females ranging from ages 10–17 in a residential group home environment. With donations given by the community the girls are provided with meals, clothing, shelter and education. The youth that live in the Zonta House are actively involved in community extra-curricular activities. The Zonta House is in close relation to the Kiwanis House.

</doc>
<doc id="21572117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572117" title="Kulish">
Kulish

__NOTOC__
Kulish (, , ) is a surname of Ukrainian origin. In the Ukrainian language "kulish" means a millet porridge. Its Russian variation is "kulesh" which should be differentiated from "kulesha" (maize flour porridge).

</doc>
<doc id="21572186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572186" title="BC2">
BC2

BC2 can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21572191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572191" title="Rob Lewis (musical director, arranger)">
Rob Lewis (musical director, arranger)

Robert Lyndel Lewis (born March 17, 1976 in Chicago Illinois) is a well-established American music arranger, music composer, record producer, musical director, film composer, musician, entrepreneur and philanthropist. In his almost 20 years in the music industry, Lewis has worked on several Grammy Award winning singles and albums, and his production, songs, and arrangements have been featured on #1 albums, gold and platinum albums, films, live productions, and television shows. His studio experience include works with some of the greatest names in the industry like Babyface, Rascal Flatts, Mary J. Blige, Dr. Dre, Christina Aguilera, Diddy, and many more.
Early life.
Rob Lewis was born on the south side of Chicago, the youngest of Anna Lewis, a school teacher, and Robert Samuel Lewis. Wanting a life better for her son, Anna enforced education early on. Lewis' mother put him in piano lessons at 5 years of age with acclaimed pianist Tom Stevens. Until 9, Lewis began learning the techniques of reading music and of the piano, although he didn't favor classical music. Later in life, Lewis would acknowledge that his objection to classical music at that age was probably because "it had rules, with very little freedom to express anything different". Upon arriving to Mr. Stevens' home early one week, Lewis heard Mr. Stevens practicing a different style of piano, and when he went upstairs for his lesson, he asked Mr. Stevens to show him what he had been playing. This was Lewis' first discovery of jazz, and where Lewis found a
love for the piano. So Lewis' mother extended his lesson time from one half hour to an hour: a half hour on classical, and half on jazz.
Lewis' mother was heavily involved in church. Lewis, his mother, and his sister, Samantha, began attending Christ Way Baptist Church under the strict guidance of Rev. Consuella York (who was the first African-American woman to be ordained a Baptist minister in Chicago, and was also the first female chaplain of the Cook County Jail.) Lewis played for all of the services during the week, guided by York's son and Minister of Music, Thomas Alvin Keel, and often played solos. Because Lewis' mother taught school on the north side of the city, she would drop Lewis off at the church early in the morning, and Lewis would stay there until it was time for school, everyday practicing on the church's Steinway and Sons grand piano. At age 10, Lewis then transferred to the Allen Studio Of Music, under the training of Mrs. Lorraine Allen and her son, Ernie Allen, Jr., who was a masterful Hammond organ player. Lewis learned how to play the Hammond organ, although his legs weren't quite long enough to reach the pedals, and by age 12, was teaching at the school. Lewis was looked at as a child prodigy, simply because of how he applied his classical techniques on the Hammond Organ, and because he was teaching choirs at such a young age.
For years, a young Lewis made money as a musician, whether playing for various churches, or for weddings and funerals. He attended the De La Salle Institute for high school, and was the first to get a scholarship for music to the school, because he played for all of the liturgical services at the school. Lewis was involved with the school band as a drummer, and won numerous awards for his talents and 1st place in jazz band competitions around the city. It was Lewis' high school band teacher, Larry Pawlowski, that told Lewis that he had the skills to pursue a career in music, and encouraged Lewis to leave Chicago and apply for Berklee College Of Music in Boston, Ma.. Lewis was voted "Most likely to become famous" by his peers in the Senior
yearbook.
Musical career.
Rob Lewis left Chicago in Aug.1993, and went to be educated at the prestigious Berklee College Of Music in Boston, with a dual major in Music Production and Engineering and Music Business. But after 2 years, because of the financial strain, Rob was forced to drop out of school. Lewis got his ‘big break’ in 1995 when Brian McKnight, whom Lewis met when he was at Berklee, decided to take him on the road for his tour. Lewis' first encounter with McKnight was when his teacher, jazz saxophonist Walter Beasley brought McKnight to Berklee for a clinic in 1993. Almost two years later, after impressing McKnight's musical director, guitarist Jeff Lockhart, a young Lewis was given the opportunity to go on tour with McKnight. Rob worked with McKnight as his keyboardist for years, and also under McKnight in the studio, and later as his musical director. Under McKnight, Lewis learned the art of writing, producing, and arranging. McKnight's influence on Lewis' music is strong, and Lewis acknowledges his time under Brian McKnight as the most influential in his musical journey, because of his admiration of McKnight's writing style, arranging, and vocal production on his own records.
Rob is best known for his musical direction. He remains the musical director for superstars Christina Aguilera, New Kids On The Block, Boyz II Men, 98 Degrees, and has sustained a career being the musical director for pop superstars Toni Braxton, The Pussycat Dolls, Leona Lewis, and Jessica Simpson, as well as R&B stars Brian McKnight, Eric Benet, Deborah Cox, and Fantasia, and iconic artists like Patti LaBelle, and Babyface. Lewis recognizes musical director Rickey Minor as a mentor who's referral and direct tutelage provided many opportunities for Lewis to grow as a musical director.
Lewis has produced, written songs, and arranged on several #1 albums including Christina Aguilera's "Back to Basics", Diddy's "Press Play", Fall Out Boy's "Infinity on High", Jamie Foxx's "Unpredictable", Herbie Hancock's "Possibilities", Heather Headley's Grammy Award winning "Audience of One", and Vanessa L. Williams' "The Real Thing". Lewis' emotional string and horn arranging has gotten him notoriety for his work on Fall Out Boy's single "Thnks fr th Mmrs.", Christina Aguilera's "Oh Mother" and "Understand", Jamie Foxx's "Heaven"., Chrisette Michele's "Best of Me" and "Your Joy" (which Lewis also co-wrote with Babyface and Chrisette Michele).
Lewis worked with superstar Toni Braxton on several tours, and was responsible for putting the music production together for Toni Braxton's "Revealed" Flamingo Hotel show in Las Vegas, which ran for two years.
He is well known in the Gospel genre for his early writing and production with the group Here II Praise, who was signed by gospel legend Daryl Coley and Jenell Alexander Coley through a deal with Verity Records. With their harmonic and artistic capabilities, their album "Giving You Nothing But Praise" debuted on Billboard's Gospel charts in the Top 20 in Sept. 1998, The choir, led by Lewis, won the "Bobby Jones Excellence Award" for "Best Urban Contemporary Choir of the year" at the Gospel Music Workshop of America (GMWA) in 1998, and was nominated for a Stellar Award in 1999. Lewis is a self-taught string arranger, and Grammy Award winning gospel producer Donald Lawrence employed his arranging talents for several projects in the late 90's including Lawrence's Christmas album "Hello Christmas", and for Bishop TD Jakes "Sacred Love Songs", A few years later, Lawrence introduced innovative singer and producer Tonex to Lewis to do arranging for Tonex's "O2" album ("The Beautiful Place" and "Even You"). Along with arranging, he is also known for his scores and songs with film maker/playwright and NAACP Image Award winner David E. Talbert, who assigned him the moniker "Young Q", referring to Lewis as a "young Quincy Jones" (who Lewis always refers to as the "greatest musical role model" because of Jones' incredible wide range of abilities to arrange, compose, and produce music.) Lewis has written the scores for Talbert's theatrical plays "Love Makes Things Happen" featuring the music of Babyface, "The Fabric Of A Man", "He Say She Say, But What Does God Say", and Lewis wrote the original songs and score for "Love On Layaway" starring Deborah Cox and Cassie Davis. For Talbert's feature film "First Sunday", starring Ice Cube and Tracy Morgan, Lewis wrote and produced the song "Live Again" which played during the end credits.
Rob Lewis served as a LA Chapter Governor for The Recording Academy, where he worked hard with the Academy to create opportunities to educate up and coming music professionals, and to make a difference in the ailing music industry. As a part of The Recording Academy, Rob Lewis was a part of special events and panels and conducted workshops for Grammy Career Day, Grammy Soundchecks, and Grammy U.
Lewis and his company, Details Music Management, Inc., focuses on management of touring musicians and artists. DMM is the umbrella for his live and record production, and ﬁlm composition. Lewis started his philanthropic venture "The Dreamers Movement" four years ago and annually runs a coat drive in New York City providing coats for boys and girls shelters with the help of his supporters and friends.
In 2012, Rob Lewis released his debut album "The Masterpiece", which features Lewis as an arranger, songwriter, singer, and musician. The album, solely produced by Lewis, took five years to finish, but has extensive arranging of string orchestras, horns, and live instruments. Lewis considers the album to be "his greatest work" because of the time spent on finishing it, but also because it is described as a "collage of influences and the result of his time with all of the celebrated musicians and artists that he has worked with". The album has 11 songs, and ranges from soul music, urban contemporary R&B, to jazz and inspirational.
His work with Christina Aguilera.
Lewis began touring with Christina Aguilera in 2002, following the release of her second album "Stripped". Lewis was Aguilera's co-musical director, under Rickey Minor, and traveled as her musical director during the co-headlining "Justified/Stripped Tour" with Justin Timberlake in 2003. In 2004, Lewis was contracted by Aguilera to arrange her Grammy performance of "Beautiful", which featured a 21-piece string orchestra, the Roger Wagner Chorale, and her band. That night, "Beautiful" earned Aguilera the Grammy for "Best Female Pop Vocal Performance". Lewis was very involved in Aguilera's 2006 "Back to Basics" album as a vocal arranger and producer, string arranger, horn arranger, and was a co-writer on "Without You" (co-written by Christina Aguilera, Kara DioGuardi, and Mark Ronson), Lewis also traveled and collaborated with Aguilera as her musical director and arranger on her 2006-07 Back to Basics Tour and the tour DVD, "", and has also served as her vocal producer on numerous occasions and on records including "Tell Me", the lead single from Diddy's 2006 "Press Play" album. Lewis' vocal production work with Aguilera helped to earn a Grammy nomination in 2006 for Herbie Hancock's album Possibilities (Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals, for "A Song for You") and Lewis was a vocal producer for Aguilera's hit "Ain't No Other Man", which won a 2007 Grammy Award for "Best Pop Performance". Lewis' recent work with Aguilera includes vocal production and co-writing on her last album "Lotus" (Sing For Me), and he remains her pianist and musical director for her live performances, including the People's Choice Awards, the televised benefit for Hurricane Sandy, and the funeral of the late Etta James.
His work with Babyface.
Lewis worked closely with Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds, as a writer, string arranger, producer, and musical director, and started touring with Edmonds in 2005. Edmonds used Lewis' skills as an arranger on albums with Jamie Foxx ("Heaven"), Fall Out Boy ("Thnks Fr Th Mrms"), and made him an integral part of his covers album "Playlist", and is featured on Edmonds' "Grown and Sexy" DVD. While in Boston for a performance with Edmonds, Lewis took Edmonds to Berklee College of Music to talk with some students, and while there, surprised Edmonds with the creation of a new master songwriting class at Berklee College of Music titled "The Music of Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds", in homage to Babyface’s work in the music industry. Together Lewis and Babyface have written and arranged songs including "Your Joy" with Chrisette Michele for her debut album "I Am", and "Loving You" for Vanessa L. Williams' 2009 album "The Real Thing". Lewis considers Babyface to be one of the greatest influences in his career as a writer and producer, and considers his time under Edmonds as "the greatest school ever".
His work with Diddy.
In 2006, Christina Aguilera brought Lewis into the studio to work with her to arrange and produce the vocals for music mogul Diddy's lead single "Tell Me". While working on the song, Diddy noticed Lewis' work ethic and style when producing vocals and had such a regard for Lewis' skills as a vocal producer and arranger, he told Lewis that he was going to put him "on TV". Shrugging the notion off Lewis didn't give it much thought, until he received a call from MTV stating that Diddy wanted him to be a part of the series "Making The Band". As a vocal coach and producer, Lewis was featured on MTV's "Making the Band", Season 3 with Diddy and pop girl group Danity Kane. Diddy also enlisted Lewis to work on most of his album, where Lewis did vocal production for "Come to Me" working with Nicole Scherzinger, "Tell Me", working with Christina Aguilera, "Making It Hard" working with Mary J. Blige, string arranging for "Thought You Said" featuring Brandy, and co-wrote two songs with Diddy, "Crazy Thang" and "Claim My Place". In 2009, Rob Lewis was commissioned by Diddy once again to be on MTV's television series "Making His Band" where Lewis used his musical directing skills to assist Diddy in finding young, up and coming artists to create Diddy's new band for his forthcoming tour.
His work with New Kids On The Block/Backstreet Boys/Boyz II Men/98 Degrees.
In 2008, Lewis was enlisted as musical director for New Kids On The Block's highly anticipated reunion tour. Working closely with Donnie Wahlberg, Lewis has been musical director and arranged the music for the last five tours, and they continue to work together on future tours and television projects. Lewis was the musical director/arranger for the highly successful mashup 2011-2012 World Tour for New Kids On The Block and the Backstreet Boys (NKOTBSB), and also for the NKOTB's 2013 sold out arena tour with Boyz II Men and 98 Degrees. Lewis served as musical director and arranger for all three acts.
Philanthropy.
In 2009, through an entity created by Rob Lewis, "The Dreamers Movement", fans were instrumental in helping to provide new pots and pans, clothing, and financial contributions to the Create Young Adult Boys Shelter in New York, and for Christmas, Lewis orchestrated a coat drive for the Turning Point Young Women Shelter in Brooklyn, NY. All residents at the shelter received brand new coats and accessories for Christmas from all over the world, through generous donations and support from the NKOTB fans, affectionately known as "Blockheads". 2012 marked the fourth consecutive year for The Dreamer's Movement's coat drive. Lewis continues an entrepreneur and philanthropist spearheading and branding "THE MOVEMENT ORCHESTRA", a unified assembly of musicians, arrangers, and composers. Lewis' current dream effort is working to build his own music education facility in New York, "MISOMA" (The Movement Institute, School of Musical Advancement), a facility where music education and the arts are brought to the inner city, and where young kids and young adults can learn and experience the arts without cost. Attached to the school is a clothing line "The MISOMA Collection"- an effort to further fund MISOMA and music education. "The Dreamers Movement", is dedicated to providing awareness, care, and help to the less fortunate, using music and the patronage of his supporters to give hope and inspire the lives of homeless young adults. While on the road with various artists, Rob Lewis creates live jam sessions, in which he raises money and sponsors shelters and food banks in selected cities. He has also created "MISOMAdigital"-the YouTube school, and "MISOMAMobile", where he goes to high schools and colleges to lecture, encouraging youth to "continue dreaming, to stay focused, and to work hard to be successful- not only in music, but in life".
Awards.
In September 2007, Lewis was awarded the "Distinguished Alumni Award" from Berklee College Of Music in recognition of his career accomplishments.
Discography.
As Producer/Arranger:
As Songwriter:
As Vocal Arranger/Vocal Producer:
As performer:
Tours:
DVD's:
As a TV personality/judge:
As composer/film composer:
End credits song: "Live Again" featuring Sasha Allen and Mike Davis
Written and Produced by Rob Lewis
The score composed by Rob Lewis
Soundtrack written and produced by Rob Lewis, including:
Theatrical work:
Featuring the music of Babyface, co-produced by Babyface and Tracey Edmonds
Arranged and scored by Rob Lewis
Music score and original songs written and produced by Rob Lewis
Score written and arranged by Rob Lewis
Score written and arranged by Rob Lewis

</doc>
<doc id="21572202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572202" title="Metropolitan Hospital Center">
Metropolitan Hospital Center

Metropolitan Hospital Center (MHC, also referred to as Metropolitan Hospital) is a hospital in East Harlem, New York City. It has been affiliated with New York Medical College since it was founded in 1875, representing the oldest partnership between a hospital and a private medical school in the United States.
MHC is part of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC), the largest municipal hospital and healthcare system in the country.
Overview.
Metropolitan is located in an area where East Harlem merges with the Upper East Side and Yorkville. The physical plant extends from First to Second Avenues and from East 97th to East 99th Streets. The hospital caters to a wide spectra of patient population and disease pathology.
The new Second Avenue Subway line, which is currently under construction, will have a station, 96th Street, one block from the hospital's entrance, serving the New York City Subway's . In the meantime, the New York City Bus routes and the subway's serve the hospital at 96th Street.
History.
Metropolitan Hospital Center was founded in September 1875 as the Homeopathic Hospital. It was established by the New York City Department of Public Charities and Correction on Wards Island. It was later known as the Ward's Island Hospital.
In 1894, the hospital moved to Blackwell's Island (currently known as Roosevelt Island). It occupied the former New York City Asylum for the Insane and was renamed Metropolitan Hospital.
The hospital moved into two newly constructed buildings at its present location in East Harlem in 1955. In 1966, the hospital added its Mental Health Building, an adjoining 14-story pavilion housing the hospital’s psychiatric services.
In 1969 Frederick Wiseman filmed a documentary using the hospital's emergency room titled Hospital (1970 film), which won two Emmys for Outstanding Achievement in News Documentary Programming - Individuals and Outstanding Achievement in News Documentary Programming, and in 1994 the National Film Registry selected the film for preservation.
In the 1980s, the hospital was threatened with closure due to funding cuts. NYC Mayor Ed Koch reached a $45 million three year agreement with the Department of Health and Human Services to develop a new project to demonstrate innovative ways of delivering health care to East Harlem's poor.
Designations.
Metropolitan Hospital Center is the first hospital in East Harlem designated as a stroke center by the New York State Department of Health. Stroke centers have the equipment, expertise and staffing available to diagnose stroke patients quickly enough to administer potentially lifesaving drugs. It also offers education and outreach for the public and emergency workers, as well as a stroke rehabilitation program.
The hospital is a Level II Trauma Center. It has also been designated as a Sexual Assault Forensic Examination (SAFE) Center of Excellence by the New York State Department of Health. A Sexual Assault Response Team (SART) is also on location, composed of specially trained Sexual Assault Forensic Examiners, medical personnel, patient advocates, social workers, law enforcement officers (Special Victims Unit) and representatives of the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office Sex Crimes Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="21572219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572219" title="Bosque el Nixticuil">
Bosque el Nixticuil

The Bosque el Nixticuil (Nixticuil Forest) is an old-growth forest located northwest of the Metropolitan Zone of Guadalajara in the Mexican town of Zapopan. An urban forest, it is encroached by the metropolitan area's constant growth. It is mostly composed of oak, holm oak and pine.
It is a remnant of a larger, now vanished, forest of more than 27,000 hectares. Its name comes from a local natural promontory called "El Nixticuil".
Features.
Extent.
The forest stretches over 1,860 hectares, of which 1,591 have been established as a protected area (NPA) under the category of municipal watershed protection area ("Area Municipal de Protección Hidrológica"). The areas covered by the forest protection decree cover Nixticuil, the Cerro del Diente and the community of San Esteban, which form part of the Río Blanco watershed.
Fauna and flora.
The forest's wildlife include coyote, fox, skunk, rabbit, opossum, various species of rodents and birds, reptiles, amphibians and insects.
Various bird counts have been conducted in the forest, with one study by the University of Guadalajara reporting 107 distinct avian species (two rare, seven threatened and a one under special protection).
In addition to oaks, pines and holm oaks, there is also a great biodiversity of herbs and shrubs such as kidneywood, copal, mallow, mugwort, foxtail, and other trees such as willow, the "amate" fig, and the Cat's Claw ("tepame") and Needle Bush ("huisache") acacias. It is one of three known habitats of the "Styrax jaliscana", a white-flowering shrub in the "Styrax" family.
Threats.
This forest is currently threatened for several reasons. Environmental organizations such as the Comité Salvabosque de El Nixticuil and the Comité Salvabosque Tigre II have decided to undertake actions to protect it.
Protected status.
In 2005, neighbors and activists petitioned the city of Zapopan to grant the official status of "Protected Area" to 30 hectares of forest. This came after 2004's rainy season, when the ground gave way in the Nextipac community, affecting its inhabitants. At that point, the Zapopan city government intended to relocate those residents to a forested area adjacent to "Tigre II", with construction scheduled for 2005. Those already living in "Tigre II" who wanted to avoid the destruction of the forest, and a significant number of Nextipac residents who refused their forced removal, united to oppose this project.
Following this, the work was suspended and negotiations began. These negotiations continued until the city government decided without warning to retake and expand the territory designated for construction. Thereafter, protests renewed, and on May 18, 2005, the protesters managed to stop the work again, by which time more than 300 oak trees had been cut down.
Together with the Zapopan municipal government's plan to construct public housing on 5 hectares of forest, various other public and private developments have been proposed within Nixticuil Forest. The development sponsored by the "Villa de los Niños" Association consists of the construction of a building complex, while the Autonomous University of Guadalajara (UAG) presented a project to construct a "University Science and Technology Research Park".
By the end of 2006 the Zapopan government proposed the designation of Nixticuil Forest as a natural protected area. Nevertheless, the Jalisco State Legislature did not act until February 19, 2008 to approve the protected status of 1,591 hectares, which presupposed the freezing of the various municipal projects within Nixticuil Forest.
In June 2007, "Comité Salvabosque Tigre II", a community organization, presented a complaint before the Federal Prosecutor for Environmental Protection (PROFEPA) to terminate development, alleging irregularities in the granting of permits. On March 18, this same group also filed a complaint with the Jalisco State Human Rights Commission (CEDHJ).
The "Comité Salvabosque" decries, in addition to private development plans, pressure by real estate interests continues, as well as anomalies in the act creating the protected area which they allege favor private interests including the Leaño family, the UAG's landowners.
Wildfires.
Fires are one of the greatest threats faced by this forest. According to environmental groups that protect the forest, some of these fires have been intentional, motivated by economic interests.
These fires have had a serious impact on the flora and fauna, as these fires have increased the pace of urban growth in municipality of Zapopan.
Logging.
Given its illegality, over the long term, logging is the main cause of the disappearance of flora and fauna, and has increased in severity due to encroaching urbanization.

</doc>
<doc id="21572222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572222" title="USI Night High School">
USI Night High School

The USI Night High School (USI-NHS) is an independent branch of the Basic Education Department of Universidad de Sta. Isabel that caters a five year Secondary Level Education (or High School) to specifically less-privileged girls or women who works during the day, so that they could study or finish High School after working hours.
The USI-NHS Secondary Education Curriculum has been reengineered to give more emphasis to Technology and Livelihood Education, in anticipation of the great percentage of its graduates who can't afford College Education as they are less-privileged or belonging to less-privileged families.
In spite of the students' being less-privileged, they are encouraged to live up to the Vincentian doctrines inculcated by the university, where "service to the poor, is service to God". For being educated in, or a graduate of the Universidad de Sta. Isabel is already a privilege (grace) given by God, therefore they too should extend God's grace to others who are also less-privileged, and the poorest of the poor.
History of USI-NHS.
Inspired by the charisma of St. Vincent de Paul, the administration of the, then Colegio de Sta. Isabel, headed by its President, Sister Justine I. Rosales, D.C. thought of opening a night secondary classes for working girls / women.
A survey was made by Dr. Milagros Reyes, head of the Research and Development Office, to the nearby Barangays of Naga City to find out the feasibility of opening a high school night classes in CSI.
In the school year 1998-1999, Sister Justine I. Rosales, D.C., the school president opened the Night High School with Mrs. Josephine T. Ensano appointed as the principal. It started with twelve (12) students only in the first year, after campaigning from the different offices in the city where there are employers with household helps. The following year SY 1999-2000, the two year levels had fifty (50) students. In SY 2000-2001, the three year levels had eighty-five (85) students and it consistently increased to four-hundred forty-seven (447) last school year for the five year levels, in its tenth year. Government recognition was granted last August 2, 2002.
The Night High School had its six batches of graduates from 2003 with the first batch of eighteen (18) students. In 2004, another eighteen (18) students, in 2005, sixteen (16) students, in 2006, there were 28 graduates, in 2007, 35 graduates and in 2008, 39 graduates. Hopefully the NHS graduates will keep increasing through the years.
Every year, the department is also improving in many ways. There are very good committed veteran teachers who volunteered to teach. These teachers are also teaching in the Basic Education Day Dept., some are from the Higher Education Dept., and others are co-academic personnel who are teachers themselves and some from other schools teaching during the day.
In 2004, some qualified 50 students in the first year until their fourth year were granted by FAPE with the ESC program of the government financial assistance to private school students. Now, in its 5th year of the program, there is a total of 283 ESC and EVS grantees enjoying the four years assistance of P 5,000.00 each every year. 5th year Students who were not able to pay their tuition fees were helped by the H.S. Batch ’69, their yearly scholarship program.
The department has acquired instructional materials such as computers, TV set with DVD, radios and karaoke, Science apparatuses, overhead projector and books through the donations from the USI alumni abroad, the Lilia Tan Foundation and the ESC and EVS grantees. The students have sets of textbooks for rent, which are increasing in number every year. It is hoped that more donations and financial support be received in the years to come.
The USI-NHS Seal.
The Night High School Logo is emblazoned in the department's motiff, which is the Sky Blue color. A Moon, along with the five stars around it symbolizes "Night", implying the department's late class schedules. The moon is in its crescent form in the very first quarter of the month, or the start of the lunar month or the New Moon. As the New Moon it symbolizes the bright new beginning of a less-privileged individual to elevate her (perhaps also her family's) status. As crescent, the moon specifically means "waxing", "increasing", and "to grow", as students of the Night High School are urged to grow mentally, physically, and mostly, spiritually. The moon also appears to be embracing the University Seal of Universidad de Sta Isabel, meaning the Night High Student must embrace the Vincentian ideals of the University, for such growths to materialize. The moon and the University seal is surrounded by five stars. Each star is the five-pointed pentacle, that in Christian symbolism means the five wounds of Christ when He died on the cross. As they are Christ's pain sacrifices, the pentacle also symbolizes the pains and sacrifices of a Night High Student who works during the day, and attends classes at night while everybody's at rest as shown by the sleeping expression of the Crescent Moon. The five stars symbolizes the five year levels as the Night High School has a five-year Secondary Education Curricula. Each star is placed in precisely equal distances around the moon, forming the five sturdy spokes of a wheel, meaning support. Like a wheel the Night High School shall roll continuously as long as there are less-privileged women with a dream.
General information.
The Night High School Program.
The Night High School Program is a formation program catered to the less-privileged girls / women to become better persons as they move from the first year to the fifth year, be better equipped with the set of knowledge, attitudes, values and skills towards becoming a fully mature Christian and Vincentian Filipino.
The Curriculum.
The NHS is a five-year curriculum adopting the NSEC and Basic Education Curriculum (BEC) modified with emphasis on livelihood-orientation.
Schedule of Classes.
From Monday to Friday classes start at 5:20 p.m. and end at 8:40 p.m. On Saturdays, classes start at 1:00 p.m. until 6:30 p.m. for 1st and 2nd years, 7:00 p.m. for 3rd to 5th years in the months of June to March. For April and May, classes have the same schedule, except for Saturdays, classes start at 2:00 until 5:30 p.m.
School Uniform.
The prescribed school uniform is the standard high school uniform of the university to be worn from Monday to Friday. Saturday is a wash day or non-uniform day but in strictly specified attire. P.E. uniform is a prescribed T-Shirt with jogging pants and rubber shoes.
School I.D..
Student I.D.s are provided to new students in June, the old students in July in exchange to old I.D.s.
Students' Services and Facilities.
The classrooms of the BED during the day are also used by the Night High School students at the St. Vincent de Paul building, second and third floors.
Even though the Night High Principal's office has a book center for lending students book references for their assignments or research works, the Night High students are also welcome at the College Library as it is the only open library of the university left after office hours.
Other facilities are already centralized in the University, and are accessible upon request of the department.

</doc>
<doc id="21572223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572223" title="HTC Touch Pro2">
HTC Touch Pro2

The HTC Touch Pro2 (also known as the AT&T Tilt 2, HTC Tytn III; codename: HTC Rhodium, HTC Barium, HTC Tungsten, HTC Fortress) is a slate smartphone, part of the Touch series of Internet-enabled, Windows Mobile, Pocket PC smartphones designed and marketed by HTC Corporation of Taiwan. It is an enhanced version of the HTC Touch Pro with a left-side slide-out QWERTY keyboard, with tilting screen. The Touch Pro2 smartphone's functions include those of a camera phone and a portable media player in addition to text messaging and multimedia messaging. It also offers Internet services including e-mail, instant messaging, web browsing, and local Wi-Fi connectivity. Visual voicemail is not a standard feature for the Touch Pro2, unlike its predecessor the Touch Pro. The Verizon Wireless version does include a visual voicemail application, however. All versions feature TouchFLO 3D — a new enhanced version of the TouchFLO interface, unique only to the latest Touch series. The latest update renamed TouchFLO 3D to SenseUI, to match HTC's Android offering. The Touch Pro2 — along with its sister model, the Touch Diamond2 — were unveiled on February 16, 2009 in Barcelona, Spain at the Mobile World Congress 2009. Specific enhancements over the original Touch Pro include:
The Touch Pro2 was released in May 2009.
On August 6, 2009 Telus Mobility in Canada became the first North American carrier to launch the HTC Touch Pro2. The T-Mobile USA–branded Touch Pro2 was released on August 12, 2009. Sprint's version became available on September 8, 2009 and Verizon's version of the Touch Pro2 became available on September 11, 2009. The AT&T version branded Tilt 2 was released October 18, 2009 with Windows Mobile 6.5
As of November 2009, unofficial firmware for GSM and CDMA versions have been released by third parties. The XDAndroid project makes it possible to run Android on HTC Windows Mobile phones, including the Touch Pro2.
With a third party SIM card adaptor, the Pro2 is dual-SIM capable.
HTC manufactures Windows Mobile and Android-based Communicators which have a proprietary connector called HTC ExtUSB (Ext USB) which is present on the Touch Pro2. ExtUSB combines mini-USB (with which it is backwards-compatible) with audio/video input and output in an 11-pin connector.

</doc>
<doc id="21572224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572224" title="Helene Hovanec">
Helene Hovanec

Helene Hovanec is a former elementary school teacher who has authored 66 puzzle books, 59 of which are for children.
Hovanec earned a B.S. in Child Development from Cornell University and an M.S. in Early Childhood Education from Hunter College. She taught elementary school in New York and New Jersey. Her children's puzzle books, which are geared for kids between the ages of three and 12, have sold over two million copies worldwide.
In addition to her books Hovanec is involved in the grown-up puzzle world, mainly through her connection to Will Shortz. With Shortz she:
An interview with Hovanec was published on Jim Horne's New York Times Wordplay blog on August 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21572230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572230" title="Careers Through Culinary Arts Program">
Careers Through Culinary Arts Program

Careers Through Culinary Arts Program (C-CAP) is a non profit organization based in New York City. Careers Through Culinary Arts Program’s mission is to promote and provide career opportunities in the foodservice industry for underserved youth through culinary arts education and employment in certain parts of the United States.
History.
In 1988, Richard Grausman, a cookbook author and teacher, headed a program in twelve New York City high schools teaching French cooking and home economics classes. Grausman realized that too many students lacked viable college prospects or real job skills. He founded the non profit organization and designed it to enhance culinary arts curriculum in public schools. C-CAP has since expanded to five states and Washington, D.C.
Industry sponsors.
Since its inception, several companies have donated money and equipment to the various schools participating in the organization. These donors include:

</doc>
<doc id="21572244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572244" title="Elyria Athletics">
Elyria Athletics

The Elyria Athletics were an American football team based in Elyria, Ohio. They played in the Ohio League until 1919, then became an independent team. The team won the 1912 Ohio League championship in an upset over Peggy Parratt's Akron Pros.
In 1920, the team declined to join the APFA, later known as the National Football League; however, the Athletics did continue to play APFA teams, including a Thanksgiving game against the Columbus Panhandles. The team folded after the 1920 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21572266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572266" title="Derviş">
Derviş

Derviş is the Turkish and Serbo-Croatian ("Derviš") spelling of the Persian and Arabic word "dervish" (), referring to a Sufi aspirant. The word appears as a given name and surname in various forms throughout Arabic, Persian, and Turkish-speaking communities. An etymology for the name is given in the Oxford Dictionary of American Family Names:

</doc>
<doc id="21572292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572292" title="Shelby Blues">
Shelby Blues

The Shelby Blues were an American football team based in Shelby, Ohio. The team played in the Ohio League from 1900 to 1919. In 1920, when the Ohio League became the APFA (now known as the National Football League), the Blues did not join but continued to play against APFA teams, only to later suspend operations. The Blues returned to play as an independent between 1926 and 1928.
The team was named for their blue uniforms, that were worn in their first year. In 1905, the Blues replaced the Shelby Athletic Club as the top football team in town. A year later the team was the runner-up for the Ohio League title, behind only the Akron Indians. The Blues won Ohio League championships in 1910 and 1911, with Peggy Parratt, an early pioneer and master of the forward pass, at quarterback. In 1904, the Blues are credited with signing the first black players in American professional football, halfback Charles Follis.[http://www.nfl.com/history/chronology/1869-1910]

</doc>
<doc id="21572308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572308" title="Old Massett Village Council">
Old Massett Village Council

Old Massett Village Council is a band government of the Haida people, located at Old Massett, British Columbia, Canada, in the Queen Charlotte Islands, also known as "Haida Gwaii" ("Islands of the Haida"). Old Massett Village Council is one of two band governments forming the Haida Tribal Society (a tribal council), the other is the Skidegate Band Council. The main governing body of the Haida people is the Council of the Haida Nation.
Indian Reserves.
Indian Reserves under the administration of Old Massett Village Council are:

</doc>
<doc id="21572326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572326" title="GraphPad Software">
GraphPad Software

GraphPad Software Inc. is a privately held California corporation. They publish scientific software, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21572345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572345" title="Love Is Blind">
Love Is Blind

Love Is Blind may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21572353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572353" title="Justin Lassen">
Justin Lassen

Justin Lassen, born August 27, 1981, in Denver, Colorado, is a composer, producer, multi-instrumentalist and remixer who has worked in the film and game (as well as other) industries.
Omnicron.
One of Lassen's earliest forays into the (public) musical world was Omnicron—an electronica project. It started in November 1996 after Lassen got his first Yamaha keyboard. He released 11 full-length albums through the old MP3.com over the course of Omnicron's existence.
Digital Dirt Heads.
Digital Dirt Heads, an industrial rock project, has been around since at least 1999. Digital Dirt Heads is Justin Lassen, although there have been other band members who joined up (briefly) with Lassen back in 2001, when he was contemplating doing live shows with DDH. Digital Dirt Heads' most recent claim to fame was the inclusion of "The Human Condition" on the "Midnight Meat Train" soundtrack, produced and remixed by Lassen, which was released July 22, 2008, through Lakeshore Records.
Empire of Modern Thought.
Justin Lassen has produced several remixes under the moniker "Empire of Modern Thought", including Madonna, Garbage, Blue Man Group, Fisher, Lenny Kravitz, Robert Miles, Nine Inch Nails, Linkin Park, Evanescence, Majandra, Avril Lavigne and many others.
And Now We See But Through a Glass Darkly.
In 2003, Lassen released his dark chamber symphonic suite "And Now We See But Through a Glass Darkly". Since 2003, this dark chamber symphonic suite has racked up over 5.5 million downloads. Lassen has announced that there will be a physical CD release for this work, featuring premium packaging and remastered tracks.
Synaesthesia.
Lassen released Synaesthesia—musical tracks he composed that were inspired by the work of several CG artists—in 2006. Since then, the project has gained such popularity that he has done four different synaesthesia releases in all. Lassen released Synaesthesia as a physical CD release, completely remastered, in 2010.
Midnight Meat Train soundtrack.
In 2008, Lakeshore Records requested Lassen to do an "inspired by" soundtrack to Clive Barker's "Midnight Meat Train". It features 14 tracks produced and remixed by Lassen.
Underworld Awakening soundtrack & score.
In 2011, Lakeshore Records asked Lassen to do music and remixes for both the soundtrack and score to "Underworld: Awakening" (2012). Soundtrack features 17 tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21572357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572357" title="Pat Cash, Sr.">
Pat Cash, Sr.

Patrick "Pat" Cash, Sr. (5 December 1928 – 28 January 2008) was an Australian rules footballer from Victoria, who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Cash, a University Blacks recruit, was one of the main forward targets of a weak Hawthorn side in the 1950s. He kicked 26 goals in his debut season which was enough to top Hawthorn's goal-kicking and included a five-goal haul in a win over Melbourne. 
His son, of the same name, is a retired Australian tennis player who won Wimbledon in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21572370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572370" title="Kenneth H. Hunt">
Kenneth H. Hunt

Kenneth Henderson Hunt was Foundation Professor of Engineering at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia and an expert in kinematics.
Hunt was born in Seaford, East Sussex, in the United Kingdom, on 7 June 1920. He studied engineering at Balliol College, Oxford University and, during World War II, served in the Royal Engineers. After the war, he worked in the oil industry until 1949, when he took a lecturership at the University of Melbourne. He moved to Monash in 1960, at which time he was appointed Foundation Professor, and was dean of engineering there from 1961 to 1975. He is the author of "Mechanisms and Motion" (1949) and "Kinematic Geometry of Mechanisms" (1978).

</doc>
<doc id="21572378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572378" title="Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2011">
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting, 2011

Elections to the National Baseball Hall of Fame for 2011 proceeded according to the rules revised in July 2010. As in the past, the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) voted by mail to select from a ballot of recently retired players. The new Expansion Era Committee, that replaced the Veterans Committee, convened in December 2010 to select from an Expansion Era ballot of long-retired players and non-playing personnel who made their greatest contributions to the sport from 1973 to the present time, called the "Expansion Era" by the Hall of Fame.
The Hall of Fame induction class of 2011 consisted of players Roberto Alomar and Bert Blyleven elected by the writers and executive Pat Gillick, elected by the Committee, who formally entered the Hall on July 24, 2011 at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York.
For the first time, the Hall of Fame extended its induction festivities over a weekend. On the day before the main induction ceremony, the Hall of Fame hosted the first Hall of Fame Awards Presentation. Two annual awards for media excellence, the Hall's own Ford C. Frick Award for broadcasters and the BBWAA's J. G. Taylor Spink Award for writers, were presented at this ceremony. The irregularly presented Buck O'Neil Lifetime Achievement Award was also included in the ceremony. Previously, these awards were presented at the actual induction ceremony.
BBWAA election.
The BBWAA ballot was announced on November 29, 2010. The BBWAA was again authorized to elect players active in 1991 or later, but not after 2005; the ballot included candidates from the 2010 ballot who received at least 5% of the vote but were not elected, along with selected players, chosen by a screening committee, whose last appearance was in 2005. All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to vote.
Results of the 2011 election by the BBWAA were announced on January 5, 2011. The writers' ballot consisted of 33 players—14 candidates returning from the 2010 ballot, plus 19 first-time candidates, the most since the ballot's 24 newcomers. Voters were instructed to cast votes for up to 10 candidates; any candidate who received votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall. Write-in votes were not permitted. 
A record 581 ballots were cast (including five ballots which supported no candidates), with 436 votes required for election. A total of 3,474 individual votes were cast, an average of 5.98 per ballot. Any candidate who received votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be inducted. Those candidates who received less than 5% of the vote will not appear on future BBWAA ballots, but may eventually be considered by the Expansion Committee. 
Candidates who were eligible for the first time are indicated here with a †. The candidates who received at least 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been selected in subsequent elections are indicated in "italics". The candidates who received less than 5% of the vote, thus becoming ineligible for future BBWAA consideration, are indicated with a *.
Dave Parker was on the ballot for the 15th and final time.
The two candidates who earned Hall of Fame induction, Alomar and Blyleven, fell short of induction in 2010 by fewer than 10 votes—the first time in history that two candidates had done so in the same election. 
The newly eligible candidates included 25 All-Stars, nine of whom were not on the writers' ballot, representing a total of 60 All-Star selections. Among the new candidates were 6-time All Star Kevin Brown, and 5-time All Stars Larry Walker and Benito Santiago. The field also included three Rookie-of-the-Year Award winners Jeff Bagwell, Raul Mondesi and Santiago. Larry Walker won seven Gold Glove Awards for the right field position. Juan Gonzalez won six Silver Slugger Awards in the outfield. 
The new candidates on the 2011 ballot included three MVP Award winners: Jeff Bagwell (1994 NL), Larry Walker (1997 NL), and Juan González (1996 and 1998 AL). Also eligible was Rafael Palmeiro, who recorded over 3000 hits and 500 home runs, which would typically foreshadow a first-ballot election; however, his candidacy has generated controversy due to his testing positive for steroids. Palmeiro has steadfastly maintained his innocence in the steroid controversy, stating that he must have tested positive due to a tainted B12 injection. Ongoing debate about the influence of steroids on the game in the 1990s was widely believed to have affected the vote totals for several power hitters on the ballot, including McGwire, Bagwell, Walker and Gonzalez, regardless of whether they had ever tested positive for steroid use or had even been accused of involvement with steroids; the top five vote-getters were either pitchers or middle infielders with relatively few home runs. Walker's candidacy was also affected by voters' assessment of his extreme home/away statistical splits, attributed by many to the fact that he spent slightly more than half his career with hitter's paradise Coors Field as his home park, though he also spent several years playing in the more pitching-friendly Olympic Stadium. Many candidates may simply have been seeking to remain on the ballot for 2012, when a generally weaker field of candidates is expected, with the most prominent new candidates including Bernie Williams, Rubén Sierra, Vinny Castilla, Eric Young, Tim Salmon, Brad Radke and Danny Graves.
Players who were eligible for the first time who were "not" included on the writers' ballot were: Terry Adams, Wilson Álvarez, Brian Anderson, James Baldwin, Pat Borders, Ricky Bottalico, Frank Castillo, Roger Cedeño, Jason Christiansen, Wil Cordero, Midre Cummings, Cal Eldred, John Flaherty, Buddy Groom, Jeffrey Hammonds, Dave Hansen, Félix Heredia, Denny Hocking, Al Levine, Luis López, Matt Mantei, Dave McCarty, Jim Mecir, Ramiro Mendoza, Mike Mordecai, Greg Myers, C. J. Nitkowski, José Offerman, Keith Osik, Antonio Osuna, Eddie Pérez, Jay Powell, Paul Quantrill, Steve Reed, Rey Sánchez, Ugueth Urbina, Ismael Valdez, Gabe White, Matt Whiteside, Gerald Williams and Dan Wilson. José Lima, who last played in the major leagues in 2006 and died on May 23, 2010, was eligible for consideration in this round of balloting – similar to the inclusion on the ballot of Darryl Kile and Rod Beck in 2003 and 2008 respectively – but was not placed on the ballot. Under Hall of Fame rules, an otherwise eligible player who dies before being retired 5 years becomes eligible in the first election held at least 6 months after his death.
Expansion Era Committee.
In keeping with the new Hall of Fame voting procedure, the Historical Overview Committee identified 12 Expansion Era candidates who were judged to have made their greatest contributions from 1973 to present. Along with the 1973 to present time era, these rules defined the consideration set:
Historical Overview Committee (eleven veteran BBWAA members): Dave Van Dyck ("Chicago Tribune"); Bob Elliott ("Toronto Sun"); Rick Hummel ("St. Louis Post-Dispatch"); Steve Hirdt (Elias Sports Bureau); Moss Klein (formerly "Newark Star-Ledger"); Bill Madden ("New York Daily News"); Ken Nigro (formerly "Baltimore Sun"); Jack O'Connell (BBWAA secretary/treasurer); Nick Peters (formerly "Sacramento Bee"); Tracy Ringolsby (FSN Rocky Mountain); and Mark Whicker ("Orange County Register").
The Expansion Era ballot was originally scheduled for release in October but was delayed until November 8, 2010. The 12 Expansion Era Candidates were eight players, one manager, and three executives. The sole candidate who was elected is indicated in bold italics.
All except Martin and Steinbrenner were living when the ballot and results were announced. Martin and Miller were holdovers from the most recent ballots covering managers and executives (2010), and Oliver was a holdover from the most recent ballot covering post-1942 players (2009).
The new Expansion Era Committee (16-members appointed by the Hall's Board of Directors) was announced at the same time as the final ballot:
The Committee convened at the 2010 winter meetings in Orlando, Florida with the standard 75% or 12 of 16 votes required for election and July 2011 Hall of Fame induction. Results were announced at 10:00 am EST on December 6th.
J. G. Taylor Spink Award.
The J. G. Taylor Spink Award has been presented by the BBWAA at the annual summer induction ceremonies since 1962. Through 2010, it was awarded during the main induction ceremony, but is now awarded the previous day. It recognizes a sportswriter "for meritorious contributions to baseball writing". The recipients are not members of the Hall of the Fame but are featured in a permanent exhibit at the National Baseball Museum.
The three nominees for the 2011 award were Bob Elliott of the "Toronto Sun", Bill Conlin of the "Philadelphia Daily News", and Joe Giuliotti of the "Boston Herald". This was the third consecutive year Elliott had been nominated and the second for Giuliotti.
Under BBWAA rules, the winner was to be announced either during the 2010 World Series or at the 2010 winter meetings. The winner of the 2011 J. G. Taylor Spink Award, announced at the winter meetings, was Bill Conlin, who received 188 votes from the 434. Elliott received 160 votes. Joe Giuliotti got 83 votes. Three blank ballots were among those submitted.
Ford C. Frick Award.
The Ford C. Frick Award, honoring excellence in baseball broadcasting, has been presented at the induction ceremonies since 1978. Through 2010, it had been presented at the main induction ceremony, but is now presented the previous day. Recipients are not members of the Hall of Fame but are permanently recognized in an exhibit at the museum. To be eligible, an active or retired broadcaster must have a minimum of 10 years of continuous major league broadcast service with a ball club, a network, or a combination of the two. The honor is based on four criteria: longevity; continuity with a club; honors, including national assignments such as the World Series and All-Star Games; and popularity with fans. The recipient was announced on December 8, 2010 at the winter meetings, following a vote by the same committee that selected seven of the finalists (below).
Ten finalists were announced in October 2010. In accord with guidelines established in 2003, seven were chosen by a committee composed of the living recipients along with broadcasting historians and columnists. Three were selected from a list of candidate by fan voting in September 2010 at the Hall's Facebook page.
Five candidates were living when the ballot was announced—the active McCarver, Nadel, and Van Horne; and the retired Cárdenas and Doucet.
On December 8, Dave Van Horne, the lead play-by-play announcer for the Florida Marlins (now Miami Marlins) on the team's radio network, was named as the recipient. He began his career with the Richmond Braves in the Triple-A International League before joining the English-language radio broadcast team for the Montreal Expos in their inaugural year of 1969. He remained with the Expos through 2000 before joining the Marlins in 2001. He also called the Expos' last home game in Montreal in 2004 as a member of the visiting Marlins broadcast team. He has also called games on The Baseball Network, and called three World Series and National League Championship Series for Canadian networks, in addition to the Marlins' 2003 World Series victory.
The Frick Award is Van Horne's second award for broadcasting excellence from a baseball hall of fame. In 1996, he received the Jack Graney Award, given irregularly for excellence in either writing or broadcasting, from the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame. Van Horne became the second Frick Award winner, after recipient Tony Kubek, to have called games for a Canadian team, and also the second Marlins broadcaster to receive the Frick Award, after recipient Felo Ramírez.
Buck O'Neil Lifetime Achievement Award.
The Hall presented its Buck O'Neil Lifetime Achievement Award for the second time. The award was created in 2008 in honor of Buck O'Neil, a Negro leagues star who went on to become one of baseball's leading ambassadors until his death in 2006. The first award was presented posthumously to O'Neil at the 2008 induction ceremony. According to the Hall,
As with the media awards, recipients are not members of the Hall of Fame but are permanently recognized in an exhibit at the museum. The Hall accepts written nominations for the award by mail at any time; the nomination must specifically state how the nominee meets the traits exemplified by O'Neil.
Roland Hemond received the O'Neil Award at the Awards Presentation. He first came to prominence as the assistant scouting director of the Milwaukee Braves in the 1950s, and became the first scouting director of the Los Angeles Angels in 1961. From there, Hemond went on to be general manager of the Chicago White Sox and Baltimore Orioles, winning the MLB Executive of the Year Award three times (1972 and 1983 in Chicago, 1989 in Baltimore). He went to the newly created Arizona Diamondbacks as Senior Executive Vice President in 1996, seeing them through their MLB debut in 1998. Hemond returned to the White Sox as an adviser in 2001, and to the Diamondbacks in 2007 as a special assistant to the president, a position he still holds.
Outside the front office, Hemond is president of the Association of Professional Baseball Players of America, which provides financial and other assistance to individuals connected with professional baseball. He also helped found the Professional Baseball Scouts Foundation, a similar organization focused on assisting veteran scouts who need special support.

</doc>
<doc id="21572387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572387" title="Edward Hill (politician)">
Edward Hill (politician)

Colonel Edward Hill (died c.1663) was a Virginia farmer, soldier and politician. He was Speaker of the Virginia House of Burgesses three different times (1644–45, 1654–55, and 1659). He declared himself acting governor of Maryland while leading an expedition to put down Richard Ingle's 1646 rebellion, ceding to the proper governor, Leonard Calvert, on his return. He also established the current farm at Shirley Plantation in 1638.

</doc>
<doc id="21572404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572404" title="Stranger Things Have Happened (Peter Tork album)">
Stranger Things Have Happened (Peter Tork album)

Stranger Things Have Happened is a 1994 album by former Monkees member Peter Tork. Although he had been performing since the 1960s, this was his first solo album. The album is out of print on CD but is currently sold online as a digital download, on websites such as iTunes.
The album is notable for including some of Peter Tork's own songwriting, and for the unusual range of styles he performs, including folk ("Giant Step"), hard rock ("Miracle") and pop ("MGB-GT").
Guests.
The album features several notable guest musicians making musical cameos, including James Lee Stanley, Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, Mackenzie Phillips, and Timothy B. Schmit.
Reception.
"Stranger Things Have Happened " received generally high praise from critics. Bruce Eder of "AllMusic" wrote "No one's going to believe it, but this is a good album, from Peter Tork no less. Most of the songs are sung with passion and the voice is much better than it was on, say, 'Shades of Gray' 28 years earlier. What's more, Tork reveals himself as a solid rocker, starting from a folk idiom but working with lots of wattage on the instruments and no trace of wimpy singer/songwriter affectation in the playing. A few notable friends are aboard in addition to his direct collaborator and co-producer, James Lee Stanley—Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, Mackenzie Phillips, and Timothy B. Schmit among them. There are songs drawn from across the spectrum of Tork's career, including a gorgeous, folk-style cover of 'Take a Giant Step' that made this reviewer smile so emphatically it was mixed with tears of joy; the exquisitely funny 'Milkshake', a delightfully wry account of life on the road that includes Nesmith and Dolenz and some of the most charmingly silly choruses ever heard in a legitimate rock song; 'MGB-GT', a very personal car song that may be particularly potent to middle-aged survivors of the 1960s; and 'Higher and Higher', a folk/gospel song on which Tork mostly plays acoustic banjo, and which is so beguiling that one wishes he'd do an entire album in that idiom, style, and sound. Not every song here is quite that good, and three of the numbers probably could have been dispensed with, but eight out of 11 isn't bad."

</doc>
<doc id="21572419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572419" title="Stranger Things Have Happened">
Stranger Things Have Happened

Stranger Things Have Happened can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21572489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572489" title="Waste Connections">
Waste Connections

Waste Connections Inc. is an integrated solid waste services company that provides solid waste collection, transfer, disposal and recycling services in mostly secondary markets in the Western and Southern U.S. The Company serves more than two million residential, commercial and industrial customers across 30 states. Waste Connections also provides intermodal services for the movement of solid waste and cargo containers in the Pacific Northwest.
History.
The company was founded in 1997, by a dedicated group of professionals in Washington and Idaho with industry related experience. Waste Connections, Inc. expanded very quickly, in just one year after its opening the company decided to go public with its first IPO in November 1998. The company then slowly expanded into California and the western United States and now has operations in 30 of the 50 U.S states. In December 2011, the company announced that it would be moving its headquarters from Folsom, CA to The Woodlands, Texas, a suburb of Houston. Chief Executive Officer, Ron Mittelstaedt, cited California's high taxes and dysfunctional legislature as key reasons for the move.
Corporate structure and leadership.
Waste Connections is structured into the following units:

</doc>
<doc id="21572501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572501" title="Johannes Tomana">
Johannes Tomana

Johannes Tomana is a Zimbabwean attorney and the current Prosecutor-General since November 2013 after the prosecuting and government advisory roles of the Attorney General were spilt under the new Constitution that came in effect in 2013. Previously he served as the Attorney-General, having been appointed to the position by Robert Mugabe on December 18, 2008. He previously served as deputy Attorney-General under Sobusa Gula-Ndebele from 2006 to May 2008 . Gula-Ndebele was dismissed from his post following infighting within the ZANU-PF. Bharat Patel, who served as acting Attorney-General from May to December 2008. Toamana is a member of Zimbabwes Anit-Corruption Commission since 2005. 
Tomana's appointment in December 2008 was made (together with the appointment of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, Gideon Gono) without consulting the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), the other part of the Zimbabwean inclusion governmernt. It is heavily debated by the MDC.

</doc>
<doc id="21572505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572505" title="Juana Rosa Aguirre">
Juana Rosa Aguirre

Juana Rosa Aguirre Luco (December 20, 1877 – December 8, 1963) was First Lady of Chile and the wife of President Pedro Aguirre Cerda, who was also her cousin.
She was the daughter of the popular doctor José Joaquín Aguirre Campos and his second wife Mercedes Luco Gutiérrez. She and her cousin Pedro Aguirre Cerda were married in 1916, but they never had children. She became the First Lady of Chile in 1938 when her husband assumed the presidency.

</doc>
<doc id="21572509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572509" title="José Antonio González Caviedes">
José Antonio González Caviedes

José Antonio González Caviedes (28 November 1938 - 4 December 1996) was a Spanish politician. He was mayor of the small town of Olmedo, and later served as People's Party senator for Valladolid from 1989 until his death in 1996.
He died after suffering a heart attack whilst driving, which caused his car (a Mercedes Benz 300-TD) to collide with a lorry.
Personal life.
González Caviedes was married and had three children. His daughter Miriam González Durántez is married to the British politician leader of the Liberal Democrats and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg.

</doc>
<doc id="21572510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572510" title="Hiellen River">
Hiellen River

The Hiellen River is a river on Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada. It flows north into McIntyre Bay to the west of Tow Hill, and is entirely within Naikoon Provincial Park, which covers most of the peninsula of the same name. At the mouth of the Hiellen River is Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2, which is on the site of Hiellen, a once-large Haida village whose remaining families located to Masset during the 19th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="21572511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572511" title="County of Melgueil">
County of Melgueil

The County of Melgueil (, modern Mauguio) was a fief of first the Carolingian Emperor, then the King of France, and finally (1085) the Papacy during the Middle Ages. Counts probably sat at Melgueil from the time of the Visigoths. The counts of Melgueil were also counts of Maguelonne and Substantion from at least the time of Peter's homage to Pope Gregory VII on 27 April 1085. In 1172 Beatriu disinherited her son Bertrand and named her daughter Ermessenda her heiress. Later that year Ermessenda married the future Raymond VI of Toulouse and by her will of 1176 the county was to go to Toulouse. Bertrand refused to recognise his disinheritance and pledged homage as Count of Melgueil to Alfonso II of Aragon in 1172. The county fell to the Toulouse in 1190 and was annexed to the French crown in 1213, during the Albigensian Crusade. At the Fourth Council of the Lateran in 1215 it was given to the Diocese of Maguelonne and secular and ecclesiastical authority were merged. 
List of counts.
On the death of Beatriu the county was disputed. In 1172 it was divided. In 1190 it was reunited.

</doc>
<doc id="21572529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572529" title="Pipestone (Saskatchewan electoral district)">
Pipestone (Saskatchewan electoral district)

Pipestone was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. Located in southeastern Saskatchewan, this district was created as "Whitewood" before the 1st Saskatchewan general election in 1905. In 1908 the riding was redrawn and renamed "Pipestone", after the Pipestone Creek that flowed through the district. 
This constituency was abolished before the 8th Saskatchewan general election in 1934. It is now part of the Moosomin constituency.
Election results.
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1,329
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1,561
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|1,988
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,156
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,387
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|3,171
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|Acclamation
!align="right"|
!align="left" colspan=3|Total
!align="right"|4,297
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
See also.
Whitewood – Northwest Territories territorial electoral district (1870–1905).

</doc>
<doc id="21572543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572543" title="Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2">
Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2

Hiellen 2, properly known as Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2, is an Indian Reserve on the north coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada. It is located at the mouth of the Hiellen River and is the site of the former Haida village of Hiellen, once one of the largest and most important. The reserve is under the administration of the Old Massett Village Council and is 27.4 ha in size.

</doc>
<doc id="21572549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572549" title="Sobusa Gula-Ndebele">
Sobusa Gula-Ndebele

Sobusa Gula-Ndebele is the former Attorney-General of Zimbabwe. He was appointed to the position in 2006 by Robert Mugabe, and his mandate was briefly renewed in 2007. However, following ZANU-PF infighting, Gula-Ndebele was placed on a period of suspension in March 2007, before being dismissed from office in May 2008. He was succeeded by Justice Bharat Patel, who served as acting AG until Mugabe appointed Johannes Tomana as the permanent Attorney-General in December.
Gula-Ndebele is a retired army colonel who was among the country's feared military intelligence supremos in the 1980s. After independence, he practiced as a lawyer, establishing the law firm Gula-Ndebele and Partners Legal Practitioners. He is a former chairman of the Electoral Supervisory Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="21572597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572597" title="Tribute to Lester">
Tribute to Lester

Tribute to Lester is an album recorded in 2001 by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and released on ECM in 2003, their first release on the label since "The Third Decade" (1984). It features performances by Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye. The album was recorded following Joseph Jarman's temporary retirement from the group and the death of founding member Lester Bowie to whom it is dedicated.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars noting that "the group receives probably the most stunning, precisely etched recorded sound of its existence. Yet despite the retrospective nature of some of the selections, there is no overt nostalgia or compromise in the AEC's aesthetic stance, probably figuring that Bowie would have wanted it that way".

</doc>
<doc id="21572601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572601" title="Ambrose Harmer">
Ambrose Harmer

Ambrose Harmer (died c.1647) was a Virginia landowner and politician. An opponent of Governor Sir John Harvey, he served on the Council 1639–41 under his successor, Sir Francis Wyatt. He served in the House of Burgesses 1645–46, and was Speaker in the 1646 session.

</doc>
<doc id="21572610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572610" title="SpoCon">
SpoCon

SpoCon is a full-spectrum science fiction and fantasy convention held annually in Spokane, Washington, USA. SpoCon is a non-profit organization that supports literacy and the public schools through annual events and donations. SpoCon is a sister convention to GameCon Spokane, MisCon (Missoula, Mont.), RadCon (Tri-Cities, Wash.) and Tactical Solutions (Spokane).
History.
The first SpoCon was held in 2008 at Gonzaga University. Attendance was far more than anticipated, in large part because the Guest of Honor was Timothy Zahn.
The second SpoCon, with the theme "Are You Fan Enough?", was held July 31 - August 2, 2009 at Gonzaga.
The third SpoCon, with the theme of "The Year Fans Make Contact," ( From ) was held July 30 to August 1, 2010. The Guest of Honor was artist Michael Whelan.
The 2011 convention had "The Power of Fandom" as the theme and featured best-selling author Patricia Briggs as Guest of Honor. This was the first SpoCon to leave the college campus and make a new home in the Spokane Doubletree Hotel. It was held August 12 - 14, 2011 and drew record numbers of attendees.
In 2012, SpoCon changed from the traditional convention-committee style of leadership and operation to a business model, with the aim of creating a more efficient, forward-thinking and productive organization. SpoCon 2012 will be back at the Doubletree Aug. 10 - 12.

</doc>
<doc id="21572615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572615" title="Sense magazine">
Sense magazine

Sense Magazine was a Los Angeles and Las Vegas based magazine that focused on the culture, entertainment, and fashion of the LA and Las Vegas lifestyle. The magazine focused on Los Angeles and Las Vegas, with features on San Diego, and other Southern California related cities.
Distribution.
Similar to "Los Angeles", "Las Vegas, Malibu, Vegas Rated, Venice, 944 Magazines, Brentwood Magazine, and LA Direct, the publication was distributed across Las Vegas and Los Angeles at boutiques, restaurants, theaters, condos, apartments and many other similar lifestyle businesses.
In the media.
"SENSE" was featured on The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency Season 3. The magazine hired three female models from the agency (Daria Lukonina, Grasie Mercedes, and Lisa Riddle) for an underwater photo shoot featured in one of their issues.

</doc>
