<doc id="21592646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592646" title="Plaça de Gal·la Placídia, Barcelona">
Plaça de Gal·la Placídia, Barcelona

Plaça de Gal·la Placídia is a square split between the districts of Gràcia and Sarrià-Sant Gervasi, in Barcelona, Spain. Its exact location is between Travessera de Gràcia, Carrer de Neptú, Carrer de Milton, Carrer de l'Oreneta and Via Augusta. 
It was built on the site of one of the city's many streams. The Mercat de la Llibertat, one of the district's 19th century markets, has been provisionally relocated in this square. There's also a Catholic church and a Mahayana Buddhist centre on it. The Col·legi d'Economistes de Catalunya headquarters are currently under construction on the square, and due to open in 2010.
Name.
It's named ultimately after the Roman empress Galla Placidia and, also, after a Catalan Opera based on her life, written in 1913 by Jaume Pahissa. The name was approved in 1940.
Transport.
The square is the site of the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya (FGC) station "Gràcia", served by Barcelona Metro lines L6 and L7 and the remainder of Metro del Vallès services. The station will become a terminus of L8.

</doc>
<doc id="21592652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592652" title="Saras S.p.A.">
Saras S.p.A.

Saras Raffinerie Sarde SpA is an Italian energy provider founded in 1962, operating in the area of oil refining and the production of electricity, located in the island of Sardinia.
History.
The company was founded in 1962 by Angelo Moratti and is now run by his heirs. The activities of the company have always concentrated in oil refining, which remains the core business of the group and the main production site of the group is the Sarroch refinery, one of six supersites in Europe, situated in a favourable position for the receipt of crude oil and in proximity of the sales of finished products.
According to independent oil analysts WoodMackenzie, based in Edinburgh, the refinery is the one of only six supersites in Europe, with a capacity of 300,000 barrels per day, representing 15% of refining capacity in Italy. In recent years, initially to enable independence of the Sarroch refinery from terms of energy, the group Saras has entered in the production of electricity and is expanding its production of alternative energy sources, particularly in the field of wind energy, through its subsidiaries Sarlux and Sardeolica, the latter of which is controlled indirectly through the company Eolici Ulassai.
To date, the Saras group meets more than 30% of the energy needs of Sardinia, with production in 2006 of nearly 4.5 million MWh, of which 157,300 MWh is from wind. Sarlux was born as a joint venture with Enron, but was wholly acquired by Saras on June 28, 2006. The company is listed on the Borsa Italiana (Code ISIN: IT0000433307, Code: SRS, Segment: Blue Chip). In January 2007, the Judiciary launched an investigation against persons unknown on the bid for Public Sale and Exchange which led the company to listing on the Stock Exchange, on complaint of individuals who participated in it; investigations are still ongoing, but the company claims not to have received further communication after the search made in the same month of January.
In 2009, the documentary-film by Massimiliano Mazzotta "Oil" about pollution and low workers security of the refinery was subject to censorship in italy.
Legal Information and registration.
Name: Saras Raffinerie Sarde SpA 
Registered Office: Sulcitana Strada Statale 195 km. 19 - 09018 - Sarroch
Board of directors.
Board in office as at November 16, 2007.
Principal investments.
Arcola Petrolifera SpA * - Sarroch (CA) - 100% 
Investments are valued in the balance sheet at December 31, 2006 about 268 million euro.
Financial Data.
Budgeting at 31 December 2006, the group Saras is a consolidated investment of about 3.22 billion euros, with a market capitalization of about 1.29 billion euros, annual sales of about 6 billion euros and a consolidated net profit of around 395.4 million euros. As for the single parent, the investment amounts to some 1.75 billion euros with a net worth of around 866.5 million euros, a turnover of around 5.6 billion euros and net profit of around 257.6 million euros. At 31 December 2006 the Group employed 1810 employees Saras, whose staff in 1172 to the parent.

</doc>
<doc id="21592654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592654" title="Atlantic Promotions">
Atlantic Promotions

Atlantic Promotions ("Les Promotions Atlantiques" in French) is a Canadian direct response company created in Longueuil, Quebec, around 1965 by Jacques Gatien. The popular brand marketed by the company is Starfrit.
Overview.
In the early 1960s, Jacques Gatien visited trade fairs and exhibitions in Quebec to appraise new kitchen gadgets. He then established Atlantic Promotions in 1965. Starting modestly, it used infomercials and other television advertising to increase its market. Its television commercials and infomercials are now broadcast across Canada. The company not only distributes products from other companies, but it also manufactures its own products under brands such as Starfrit and Oskar (now owned by Freudenberg) and Vitagro. Atlantic Promotions also operates offices in Toronto and Vancouver.
As a record distributor.
In 1973, Atlantic Promotions established a record company called Promo-Son. All records released by Promo-Son were distributed by Atlantic Promotions throughout the history of the label. Atlantic Promotions closed the label in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21592671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592671" title="Krishna Hospital, Cuddalore">
Krishna Hospital, Cuddalore

Krisha Hospital, Cuddalore is a hospital in Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu, India. A division of the non-profit Krishna Hospital & Research Foundation, it offers reasonable to free medical care to area residents from its main hospital and two rural health centers, depending on need. The hospital was founded by K. Krishnamurthy and Lakshmi Krishnamurthy in 1968. It provides services in a wide range of specialties, including but not limited to pediatrics, cardiology, obstetrics, neurology, psychiatry and plastic surgery. In addition to inpatient services, it offers 24-hour emergency medical care and a pharmacy and is equipped to provide a wide range of diagnostic testing. The Hospital also hosts a blood bank. It is affiliated with the Krishna Hospital School of Nursing.

</doc>
<doc id="21592673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592673" title="Ceanothus pumilus">
Ceanothus pumilus

Ceanothus pumilus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common names dwarf ceanothus and Siskiyou mat. It is native to the mountains of southern Oregon and northern California, where it grows in habitat such as coniferous forest and chaparral, often on serpentine soils. 
Description.
This is a low-lying to flat shrub taking the form of a mat or bramble up to about 2.5 meters wide. The tiny evergreen leaves are oppositely arranged, each just over a centimeter in maximum length. They are firm and ribbed, flat or cupped, hairless on top and generally hairy and paler in color on the undersides. The inflorescence is a small cluster of flowers in shades of blue, lavender, or white. The fruit is a horned capsule about half a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="21592700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592700" title="Polaroid Eyewear">
Polaroid Eyewear

Polaroid Eyewear manufactures polarized sunglasses and polarized lenses, as well as optical frames, reading glasses, and clip-on lenses.
The company also sells eyewear under the Polaroid Polarized Sunglasses, Polaroid Eyewear, Disney, Revlon, Hello Kitty, and Sunmate brand names.
Polaroid Eyewear was a part of the StyleMark group and sold to the Safilo Group in November 2011. They have offices in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, Russia, Hong Kong, and the United States.
Corporate history.
Edwin Land, born in 1909 in Connecticut, invented Polaroid, the world's first polarizing material for commercial use, in 1929. He founded the Polaroid Corporation in 1937 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
The company initially produced Polaroid Day Glasses, the first sunglasses with a polarizing filter.
Petters Group Worldwide, the owner of the Polaroid brand at the time, sold Polaroid Eyewear to specialist eyewear company StyleMark in March 2007.
StyleMark is a global distributor of fashion, sport, and children's sunglasses.
In 2011, it was acquired by the Italian group Safilo.
With its headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland, Polaroid Eyewear operates as an autonomous business. The company manufactures its Polaroid polarizing lenses at its European Research Centre in the Vale of Leven, Scotland.
Polarization and eyes.
Visible light waves from the sun travel in all directions. When this scattered light meets a horizontal surface, like a road or water, a large portion of the light is reflected with horizontal polarization. This horizontally-polarized light is seen as white glare, and masks light that is useful to the human eye, reducing visibility. By using a sheet of vertical polarizing material, the horizontally-polarized component can be significantly attenuated, reducing the overall light level reaching the eye. This improves contrast, and thus perception of the scene.
Manufacturing techniques.
Polaroid Eyewear uses press-polishing to manufacture their polarized lenses. Press-polishing preserves polarizing capability. It also allows Polaroid Eyewear to produce lenses that are thicker at the center and tapered towards the edges.
Greater degrees of curvature in polarized lenses for 2-, 6-, and 8-base frames and 6-base masks, plus toric lenses, are possible.

</doc>
<doc id="21592705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592705" title="Blackburn B-7">
Blackburn B-7

The Blackburn B-7 was a single-engine two/three-seat biplane built to a British Air Ministry specification for a general-purpose, multitasking aircraft. It first flew in 1934, but no contracts were issued and only one aircraft was completed.
Development.
Air Ministry specification G.4/31 called for an aircraft to replace the Westland Wapiti and Fairey Gordon. The task list was long: day and night light bombing, dive bombing, reconnaissance and army co-operation. The specification attracted interest across the British aircraft industry and eight manufacturers were immediately involved in preparing prototypes, three receiving contracts and the others going forward as private ventures. Blackburn only became involved when the Air Ministry extended the role list to include coastal defence and torpedo bombing, Blackburn's speciality.
Their contender became known as the "B-7" after the Class B marking it carried and lacking an old-style Blackburn-type number. It was built on the Shark production line and had much in common with it. The Shark had introduced a new wing construction to Blackburn, each wing having two outward slanting (at about 45°, rather than vertical), slightly distorted N-type struts linked by a single strut from lower front to upper rear spars. As a result of this Warren girder structure, few bracing wires compared to past practice were needed. The wings were slightly staggered and swept and had the same span and much smaller lower wing as the Shark. Unlike the Shark the wings did not fold; another significant difference was that wing area was increased to enhance the load carrying performance by increasing the chord. The B-7 shared with the Shark the semi-monocoque aluminium-clad watertight fuselage first seen on the M.1/30A and the divided main undercarriage necessitated by the torpedo-dropping role.
Accommodation, equipment and armament was similar to that of the Shark. They also shared the 700 hp (520 kW) Armstrong Siddeley Tiger IV engine. The B-7 first flew on 28 November 1934.
Operational history.
The B-7 was flown to Martlesham Heath for competitive trials in May 1935 and completed in October that year. By now, the specification was four years old, requirements had changed and there was little official interest in the results and none of the nine manufacturers was awarded a contract. Shortly afterwards, the B-7 was scapped. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592726" title="Stanford International Bank">
Stanford International Bank

Stanford International Bank was a bank based in the Caribbean, which operated from 1986 to 2009. It was an affiliate of the Stanford Financial Group.
Operations.
The bank was started by Allen Stanford in 1986 in Montserrat where it was called Guardian International Bank. Allen Stanford's move into banking utilised funds he had made in real estate in Houston, Texas, in the early 1980s. There was no direct connection between Stanford's insurance business in Texas and the banking business.
Stanford relocated its operations to Antigua. The bank's portfolio was overseen by an investment committee consisting of Allen Stanford; his father; Laura Pendergest-Holt, Stanford Financial Groups' Chief Investment Officer; James M. Davis (Allen Stanford's college roommate), CFO of Stanford International Bank; and a resident of Mexia, Texas (where Stanford's US interests were based) with cattle ranching and car sales experience.
Certificates of Deposit (CDs).
Stanford International Bank Limited (SIBL) offered what they called Certificates of Deposit or CDs at rates consistently higher than those available from banks in the United States.
Regulatory investigation in the United States.
In February 2009, the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) investigated the US operations of the Stanford Financial Group, including the bank. On 13 February Stanford was quoted saying "the bank remains a strong institution".
On 17 February 2009, the SEC charged Allen Stanford, Pendergest-Holt and Davis with fraud in connection with the bank's US$8 billion certificate of deposit (CD) investment scheme that offered "improbable and unsubstantiated high interest rates". This led the federal government to freeze the assets of the bank and other Stanford entities. In addition, the bank placed a 60-day moratorium on early redemptions of its CDs.
On 27 February 2009, Pendergest-Holt was arrested by federal agents in connection with the alleged fraud. On that day the SEC said that Stanford and his accomplices operated a "massive Ponzi scheme", misappropriated billions of investors' money and falsified the Stanford International Bank's records to hide their fraud. "Stanford International Bank's financial statements, including its investment income, are fictional," the SEC said.
Venezuela.
In 2007 the bank formed a subsidiary in Venezuela, which rapidly developed a network of branches throughout the country. There was a run on the bank in February 2009 following the SEC's investigation into Stanford's affairs in the US, and this forced the Venezuelan authorities to seize the bank. It was sold to Banco Nacional de Crédito in May 2009.
Mexico.
Mexico's financial regulator announced on 19 February 2009 that it was investigating the local affiliate of Stanford bank for possible violation of banking laws.
Receivership and liquidation.
In the United States District Judge David Godbey froze all of the Stanford personal and corporate assets in the US and appointed Ralph Janvey of Dallas as receiver. Janvey retained control until the SEC suit is resolved.
On 19 February 2009, Nigel Hamilton-Smith and Peter Wastell of the British accounting firm Vantis were appointed joint receivers of the bank, and were made liquidators on 15 April 2009.
In February 2010, Vantis' auditors Ernst & Young expressed concern about whether Vantis would receive payment for its work on Stanford. Properties in Antigua emerged as an important part of the company's assets, to be sold to enable payment of creditors and Vantis' own fees.
In June 2010, it was announced that the liquidators and the US receiver had entered into a co-operation agreement, under which the liquidators were to deal with the realisation of the bank's assets in Antigua and the United Kingdom, and the US receiver was to deal with the realisation of the bank's assets in the US and Canada.
In June 2010, the High Court of Antigua resolved that Vantis should be removed from its responsibilities. The firm, which had recently received government approval to sell the property assets, appealed the decision. Vantis itself was placed in administration on 29 June 2010 and promptly broken up, with the various offices and businesses being sold as going concerns. Hamilton-Smith and Wastell transferred to the buyout firm FRP Advisory, and continued their legal fight to be reinstated as liquidators of Stanford. In May 2011 following a claim made to the Eastern Caribbean Court of Appeal, Hamilton-Smith and Wastell were removed as liquidators. On 12 May 2011, Marcus Wide and Hugh Dickson of the international accounting firm Grant Thornton were appointed the new liquidators by the High Court of Antigua.
In September 2011, it was reported that the U.S. Justice Department was investigating whether a Swiss subsidiary of Société Générale was used to channel funds to Stanford's personal accounts and failed to follow due diligence procedures or to ask questions about irregular banking activity.
On Friday, January 20, 2012, an email was sent by the Joint Liquidators to creditors who had been depositors, the "Fraud Victims" urging them to resubmit their claims. They were given some hope of an "interim distribution" but no imminent final sale of some major assets. The information is repeated and the forms are at http://www.sibliquidation.com/claims-administration/ (the URL denoted in the email was erroneous in as much as the "-" was missing between the words "claims" and administration").
Online creditors’ meeting.
On 11 October 2011, the liquidators convened an online creditors’ meeting. The liquidators emphasized that there was a huge shortfall between the available assets and the claims. The claims are around US$7 billion. The assets available are estimated to range from US$73 million to US$1.5 billion. Some of the assets are harder to liquidate, such as property. Therefore, patience will be required to obtain the highest values in the long-term. Another goal of the liquidators is to avoid litigation that could be costly.
The liquidators reported that they had met with a number of representatives of various national governments. These governments each have taken their own independent legal actions under their regulatory and/or court systems. The USA is also contemplating a tax lien against the assets that could deprive the creditors of a sizable sum.
US$5 million has already been spent by the liquidators.
The liquidators established a multinational creditors committee composed of six larger individual large claimants and one attorney representing a number of individuals. This committee is not required by law or the court.
The liquidators reported that an interim distribution may be made in the first quarter of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21592728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592728" title="Fred Crolius">
Fred Crolius

Frederick Joseph Crolius (April 19, 1876 – August 25, 1960) was a professional baseball and football player. He is best remembered as being the first player from Tufts University to come to play Major League Baseball. He was at Tufts in 1894, and at Dartmouth College, where he also played college football, from 1896 until 1899. He spent two years in majors with the Boston Beaneaters and the Pittsburgh Pirates. Crolius also played pro football with the independent Homestead Library & Athletic Club and the Pittsburgh Stars of the first National Football League. He later served as a coach for both sports after his playing career ended.
Playing career.
Baseball.
At age 24, he broke into the big leagues on April 19, 1901, with the Boston Beaneaters. Crolius served as the team's fourth outfielder, playing mostly right field where he backed up Jimmy Slagle. In 1901, his rookie year, he held a batting average of .240 with 1 home run and 13 RBIs. On July 22, 1901 Crolius had 4 Hits which led to 3 Runs Scored in a 16-3 win over the Chicago Cubs.
In his second year in the majors, Crolius played for the Pittsburgh Pirates for 9 games in 1902, before ending his baseball career. In 1906 he was made ineligible to play with any National club by the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues due to a contract dispute with a minor league club from Toronto. 
Football.
In 1898 Fred Crolius was the captain of the Dartmouth football team. He was considered one of the best halfbacks in the game, but received little notice from the media, since Dartmouth was historically seen as having a weak football program.
In 1901 as a member of the Homestead Library & Athletic Club, located near Pittsburgh, Crolius served as the team's halfback. That year he scored the tying touchdown against the Blondy Wallace's Philadelphia Athletic Club. Homestead would go on to win the game 6-5. (Touchdowns were worth 5 points in 1901).
In 1902, Crolius served as a halfback on the Pittsburgh Stars, a member of first National Football League that was suspected of being financed by baseball's Pittsburgh Pirates. During the 1902 season, the Stars won the league championship.
Coaching career.
Baseball.
After his playing career, Crolius served as the coach the Villanova Wildcats baseball team from 1905 until 1911. While with Villanova, acquired a 116-45-5 record. He also served as the manager of the Lancaster Red Roses, where he guided the team to a 70-58 record in 1906.
Football.
In 1899, he also served as the head coach for the Bowdoin College football team. He guided Bowdoin to a 2-6 record. In 1902, Crolius was the head coach of the Pitt Panthers football team. That year the team racked up a 5-6-1 record.
Crolius then coached the Villanova Wildcats to an 18-38-5 record between 1904 and 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="21592729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592729" title="1992 Saab International">
1992 Saab International

The 1992 Saab International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1992 ATP Tour. It was the seventh edition of the tournament and was played from October 5 through October 12, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21592734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592734" title="Jau Tithe Khau">
Jau Tithe Khau

Jau Tithe Khau is a Marathi movie released on 8 February 2007. Produced by Meghraj Shahjirao Rajebhosle and directed by Abhay Kirti. The movie is based on the protagonist who is fed up of corruption everywhere and decides to teach everyone a lesson.
Synopsis.
Corruption is everywhere and rules the very fibre of the country. It is a problem that has and will continue to affect all. Especially for Mukunda and his friends for whom there is no respite. Despite holding various degrees, Mukunda and his friends remain unemployed. However, he doesn’t give up easily; hence he decides to teach the corrupt officials a lesson and hits upon a plan. He gets a well sanctioned from the Govt. The Well is dug and ready when one fine day, the well is stolen. All hell breaks loose as the police are shocked and rattled, the ministers and the bureaucrats are left shaken.
Mukund (Makarand Anaspure) is hard working and intelligent young man, who is unable to find a job. He faces a lot of issues in his day-to-day life for the things which he has to depend on. Every public officer he meets like at electricity board, pension office etc. ask him for bribe to carry out the work. Enraged by this behavior and the corrupt political system he decides to fight against the system. He is helped by his girlfriend Lekha (Deepali Syed) and few friends. Based upon this help he applies for a government scheme in which the person is entitled for loan approval on getting a well dug. By bribing all the officers in the loop, he manages to get the loan approved without even digging the well.
At the climax he files a case in the police station and court about his well getting stolen. At first he is held as a mad man, because a well, a solid structure can't be stolen. But then Mukund presents the proofs on the paper about the well being dug. The court has to accept the proof and declare that the well was indeed stolen. Mukund wins the Lawsuit.
However Mukund rejects the decision by himself and explain the people the real situation and warns them about the current state of corruption in the country. The film ends on the note that "Today a well is proven to be stolen, Don't let the country to be proved stolen" as addressed by Mukund to the people.
Cast.
The cast includes Makarand Anaspure, Kuldip Pawar, Chetan Dalvi, Dipali Saiyed & Others.
Awards.
Celebrated Silver Jubilee i.e. Ran for 25 Consecutive Weeks at Prabhat Chitra Mandir in Pune
Soundtrack.
The music is provided by Tyagraj Khadilkar.

</doc>
<doc id="21592755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592755" title="Fredrik Lilljekvist">
Fredrik Lilljekvist

Johan Fredrik Lilljekvist (Stockholm 8 October 1863 - Stockholm 18 December 1932) was a Swedish architect. He is best known for his controversial restoration of Gripsholm Castle and as the architect of the new building for the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm.
Life in summary.
Lilljekvist was born in Klara parish in Stockholm, son of a photographer. He studied architecture at the Royal Institute of Technology, where he graduated in 1884, and at the Royal Academy of Arts 1884-1887. He worked as an architect in Stockholm from 1888, and was appointed castle architect at Gripsholm in 1895. During the latter part of his life he was active as an urban planner; he was employed in the Överintendentämbetet, later the National Board of Public Building ("Byggnadsstyrelsen", now "Statens Fastighetsverk"), where he served as a "byggnadsråd" (building councillor) and department head from 1918 until 1930.
The restoration of Gripsholm.
During his time at the Academy, Lilljekvist worked with the art historian Gustaf Upmark in documenting Gripsholm Castle. On his own initiative, he made a restoration plan for the Castle that was shown at the spring exhibition of the Academy in 1888. He continued to work on the plans the following years and when he was appointed head of the restoration work at Gripsholm, these plans were used in a modified form. His plans were influenced by the restoration ideology of Viollet-le-Duc, according to which a building should be restored to its original style and to the state in which its originators would have wanted to see it. The main representative of this school in Sweden was Helgo Zettervall. In this case the ideal was the Renaissance architecture of the early Vasa period (1523-1611). An opposing ideology that would eventually come to dominance in Sweden in the early 20th century was to restore buildings in a way that showed respect for its entire history. Lilljekvist's work was severely criticized in an article in the newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" by the writer Verner von Heidenstam, who suggested that a sign should be put at the Castle saying in mock-archaic Swedish, that "An̄o Domini 1893 gjordes detta gambla hus ændnu gamblare" ("An̄o Domini 1893 this old House was made even older"). Lilljekvist later worked on the less radical restoration of Strängnäs Cathedral together with Sigurd Curman, a representative of the new ideals.
New buildings in the 1890s.
Many of his new buildings during the 1890s and the years around the turn of the century were designed in a style influenced by renaissance or baroque architecture. He was one of the architects of the new affluent suburb of Djursholm, where he built a chapel and several private villas, including one for himself. For the General Art and Industrial Exposition of Stockholm (1897), Lilljekvist collaborated with Ferdinand Boberg in the construction of the large "industry hall" with its cupola. The cupola was probably influenced by the one built by Martin Nyrop over the main hall of the Copenhagen Exhibition of 1888, but Boberg and Lilljekvist added four high minaret-like towers connected to the cupola by bridges.
The Royal Dramatic Theatre.
He became involved in the project for the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1901. He started with a classical design, which eventually developed a more Baroque character. In the end a he produced a design that took some of the volumes from Neo-Baroque architecture but with ornamental and sculptural forms borrowed from Swedish nature but influenced by continental Art Nouveau, which, by the time the building was completed in 1908, had already started to go out of fashion.
The architect Carl Westman, whose ideal was more austere, criticized the building for its flamboyant decoration. In Westman's view the decoration of the building should be like the ornaments of a knight's armour rather than like the bands and flowers of his lady's dress. Lilljekvist replied that a dramatic theatre need not look grim, like a knight in armour. Thalia, as a woman, could be allowed her bands and flowers. Rather than dressing her in sackcloth and ashes, she "may meet us friendly and smiling, as long as the smile is chaste and the dress is white".
Additional criticism was directed at the theatre building and its architect because of its huge and uncalculated expenses. Lilljekvist was not given any similarly large projects again. In the following years, he worked on several projects for Swedish embassy buildings abroad, and the last decade-and-a-half of his life was entirely dedicated to urban planning. From 1918 until 1930, he served as head of the urban planning bureau of the National Board of Public Building.

</doc>
<doc id="21592757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592757" title="Périgueux Bassillac Airport">
Périgueux Bassillac Airport

Périgueux - Bassillac Airport () is an airport in the village of Bassillac in the Dordogne department, Aquitaine region, France. It is located east-northeast of the town of Périgueux, which manages the airport.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one paved runway designated 11/29 which measures . It also has a parallel unpaved runway with a grass surface measuring .
Airlines and destinations.
Larger airport isTours Val de Loire Airport is the closer airport to Paris-Orly and here which served one carrier but jet service

</doc>
<doc id="21592761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592761" title="William Neill">
William Neill

William Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21592769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592769" title="Rugby League Conference trophy winners">
Rugby League Conference trophy winners

The Rugby League Conference (RLC), also known as the "Co-operative Rugby League Conference" as a result of sponsorship from the Co-operative Group, is a series of regionally based divisions of amateur rugby league teams spread throughout England, Scotland, and Wales. 
It was founded in 1997 as the "Southern Conference League" with two Divisions: East and Central. Over time, it expanded and added more and more divisions. It was replaced in 2012 with a series of regional leagues.
The trophies.
The Harry Jepson Trophy was competed for by all the Conference sides until 2005 and the advent of Premier Divisions. Until 2004 it was possible for a team to finish runners-up in their division, qualify for the play-offs and still win the Harry Jepson trophy, hence some champions did not pick up a regional title in the same year. From 2005, the Harry Jepson trophy was solely for the winners of the RLC Premier divisions. Conference sides that remained in the regional divisions competed for a new trophy - the RLC Regional. The Harry Jepson trophy is still contested by teams from RLC successor leagues.
The RLC Challenge was a knock-out competition designed to give clubs meaningful pre-season games.
The RLC Shield was an optional secondary competition for RLC Regional sides not making their divisions' play-offs. It was first contested in 2002 and continued until 2005. 
National League Three was absorbed into the Rugby League Conference as the Rugby League Conference National Division in 2007. 
The Welsh Shield was a secondary Welsh competition for teams which did not make the play-offs for the Welsh Division. It was played for in 2004 and 2005. The Welsh premier division was split into two divisions: East and West in 2006, though this was reversed for the following season. A play-off determined the overall Welsh champion.

</doc>
<doc id="21592787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592787" title="Palestinian Struggle Youth Union">
Palestinian Struggle Youth Union

The Palestinian Struggle Youth Union () is a youth organization in the Palestinian territories. It is the youth wing of the Palestinian Popular Struggle Front. Razak an-Namurah is the president of the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21592826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592826" title="1993 Athens International">
1993 Athens International

The 1993 Athens International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. It was the 8th edition of the tournemen and was held from October 4 through October 11, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21592836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592836" title="Ideal Institute of Technology">
Ideal Institute of Technology

Ideal Institute of Technology is an engineering college in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University, Lucknow. The college was affiliated to Mahamaya Technical University, Noida until it was merged and the college came under the jurisdiction of the present university. The institute is located close to the Noida industrial area.
Location.
The institute
, from Delhi-Lucknow Highway NH-24, approximately from the Ghaziabad bus stand, and from the Ghaziabad railway station.
Infrastructure.
The college infrastructure includes three educational buildings, a central library, workshops, and a mechanical engineering laboratory. The college also has student support facilities, including hostels, a canteen, stationery shop, medical support, transport, and a student activity center.
Hostels.
The Boys and Girls hostel is situated in the college campus.There is adequate security and telephone connection besides recreational facilities like TV, Table Tennis, Newspapers, Wi-fi. There is 24 hours power backup available. The capacity of hostel for girls is 300 and for boys is 500.
Admissions.
Students are admitted through the state level counselling for the SEE-UPTU. The exam is held in the third week of April and the results are generally announced the next month. About 70% seats are reserved and 30% are open. 50% of the seats belong to the reserved categories as notified by the Government of India notifications. Out of the remaining seats, 10% are reserved for girls, 5% for the armed forces, 5% for the physically handicapped, and 5% for freedom fighter quota.
Out of the total seats, 15% seats are for the management quota.
The branches are allocated on the counselling day itself.
Courses Offered.
The college offers a Bachelor of Technology degree in the following fields:
The institute also offers the following courses:

</doc>
<doc id="21592838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592838" title="Habeas Corpus (album)">
Habeas Corpus (album)

Habeas Corpus is the second album from St. Louis rock band Living Things. The album was recorded over a period of nine months in Hansa Tonstudio in Berlin. Michael Ilbert produced "Habeas Corpus", unlike the previous record, "Ahead of the Lions", which was produced by Steve Albini.
Personnel.
Lillian Berlin, vocals, guitar
Eve Berlin, Bass guitar
Bosh Berlin, Drums
Cory Becker, Guitar

</doc>
<doc id="21592852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592852" title="Edward Younger, 3rd Viscount Younger of Leckie">
Edward Younger, 3rd Viscount Younger of Leckie

Edward George Younger, 3rd Viscount Younger of Leckie Bt (21 November 1906 - 25 June 1997) 
Family background.
Lord Younger of Leckie came from a Scottish family which had been making money from brewing since the 18th century, and which entered the aristocracy in the early years of the 20th century. His great-great-great-great-grandfather, George Younger (baptised 1722), was the founder of the family's brewing business, George Younger and Son. 
This George Younger's great-great-grandson, also named George Younger (1851-;1929), entered politics, and was created Viscount Younger of Leckie in 1923. This peerage has passed in an unbroken line from father to son ever since.
Birth and early life.
Younger was the elder son of James Younger, 2nd Viscount Younger of Leckie (1880–1946) by his wife Maud Gilmour (daughter of Sir John Gilmour, 1st Baronet). He was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford.
His brother Sir Kenneth Younger was the Labour Member of Parliament for Grimsby 1945-1959.

</doc>
<doc id="21592854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592854" title="Strines Reservoir">
Strines Reservoir

Strines Reservoir is a water storage reservoir situated at , it lies west of the centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England.
Construction.
The reservoir was constructed in 1869 after the Sheffield Water Committee made the decision in the late 1850s to build four reservoirs in Bradfield Dale to impound water from the surrounding moorland to provide for the growing town of Sheffield. Sheffield had previously received its water supply from the Crookesmoor dams close to the town centre but by the mid 19th century these were becoming inadequate. 
In addition to Strines, three other reservoirs were built, these were Damflask, Agden and Dale Dike. Strines was meant to be the final of the four reservoirs constructed, however Dale Dike was not completed until 1875, having to be rebuilt after the failure of its dam wall caused the Great Sheffield Flood of 1864. Strines reservoir was constructed with a dam wall of approximately 330 metres (1083 feet) in length and 29 metres (95 feet) in height which flooded an area of 22 hectares. It holds 452,900,000 gallons of water.
Etymology.
The name Strines dates from as early as the 13th century, when it was mentioned in the Sheffield Court records as the Water of the Strynd or Strynds, referring to the stream which rose on the moors at the top end of Bradfield Dale and flowed down the valley to join the River Loxley at Low Bradfield. The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word “strynds” or “strinds” as a rivulet or a stream. 
The reservoir and its environment.
The reservoir’s main source of water comes off the Derwent Moors, two km to the west with the Strines Dike and Foulstone Dike rising at a height of around 500 metres above sea level and converging before flowing down to the reservoir which stands at a height of 250 metres. There are several smaller tributaries to the reservoir which flow off Ughill Moors to the south. There is only one habitation in the immediate vicinity of the reservoir, this is Brogging House, a dwelling which pre-dates the reservoir by some time being recorded as being leased by George Woodhead in 1715 and is probably significantly older than that. The house stands at the north end of the dam wall and at one time served as the reservoir keepers house when one was needed. 
Today the reservoir is attended by Yorkshire Water staff who can gain vehicular access to the valve house through a locked gate and gravel track which runs along the top of the dam wall. The reservoirs overflow is located at the south end of the dam wall and takes the form of a concrete spillway which is crossed by a steel footbridge. The overflow water goes down Bradfield Dale to the Dale Dike Reservoir which is just 400 metres downstream. Water drawn off for consumer use is piped seven km to the water treatment works in the Loxley Valley.
At the southern arm of the reservoir is Pear House Clough down which flows one of the small southern tributaries. The clough is surrounded by Pear House Wood, an ancient broad leaved wood with an area of 16 hectares. The wood is part of the New Native Wood Challenge Scheme funded by the Forestry Commission Challenge Fund which aims to manage, enhance and extend native woodland. The wood has been fenced off to exclude livestock to allow new planting and natural regeneration of trees. New species planted are Sessile Oak, Hazel and Holly while much of the regeneration is Birch, Alder and Rowan. The northern arm of the reservoir formed by Strines Dike is surrounded by a coniferous plantation.
Access.
Access to the reservoir for walkers is quite good with a bridleway approaching from the minor public road to the north known as Mortimer Road. From the south walkers may gain access by using part of the Sheffield Country Walk which approaches from Sugworth Road. It is also possible to walk up Bradfield Dale from Low Bradfield using various footpaths which also pass by Dale Dike Reservoir.
Boot's Folly.
At , high on the south flanks of the reservoir at a height of 315 metres stands Boot's Folly, also known occasionally as Strines Tower or Sugworth Tower. This is a folly constructed in 1927 by Charles Boot who resided at nearby Sugworth Hall. The square tower with castellated top and flag pole was built from left over stone when the nearby Bents House was constructed. The stone for Bents House had come from the disused Bents Farm, Pears House Farm and Nether Holes Farm which had been demolished because they were suspected of polluting the waters in the dale. It is thought that Boot's Folly was constructed to provide work for Sugworth Hall’s workmen during The Depression. However there is also a rumour that Boot built the tower so he could see the grave of his wife (who had died in 1926, aged 56), in High Bradfield churchyard. Today the interior is bare but it originally had wood panelling and a large furnished room at the top where the Boot family could enjoy the view. There was a spiral staircase to the top, but this was removed some years ago after a cow climbed the stairs and became stuck. The Folly gives fine views of the reservoir and Bradfield Dale.

</doc>
<doc id="21592866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592866" title="Diego Santa Cruz">
Diego Santa Cruz

Diego Anibal Santa Cruz Cantero (born 29 October 1982) is a Paraguayan former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
He has played for NK Zadar, Club Cerro Porteño and Sportivo Luqueño.
International career.
in 1999 Diego Santa Cruz was member of the Paraguay national under-17 football team, and afterwords he won the bronze in the 2001 South American Youth Championship with the Paraguayan team.
Personal life.
Diego is the younger brother of the striker Roque Santa Cruz, and older brother of Julio Santa Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="21592869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592869" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1952">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1952

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1952 took place on 16 November 1952.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
South Tyrol.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region

</doc>
<doc id="21592882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592882" title="Balamorghab ambush">
Balamorghab ambush

The Balamorghab ambush occurred on November 27, 2008, when a force of Afghan security forces was attacked by Taliban insurgents. The ambush took place near Balamorghab in Badghis Province, in Northwestern Afghanistan, and resulted in heavy casualties for the government forces. It was described as "one of the most humiliating attacks the Afghan security forces had ever suffered". 
Badghis province has seen a marked increase in insurgent activity, and while in 2007 the number of Taliban militants was estimated at 200, by 2008 it had grown to over 2,000. In March 2008, an Afghan intelligence operation succeeded in arresting Mawlawi Ghulam Dastagir, one of the principal Taliban commanders in Badghis. However, in September a delegation of elders from Badghis met President Hamid Karzai, and persuaded him to release Dastagir, claiming that he wasn't an enemy of the state.
On November 26, a supply convoy guarded by 200 men of the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police left Qala i Naw, the capital of Badghis province, for Balamorghab. Their objective was to supply a police force in the village, which is considered a Taliban stronghold. On November 27, the convoy was travelling down a narrow gorge near Balamorghab, when it was hit by small-arms and rocket-propelled grenade fire. An oil tanker was set on fire, blocking the road, and the different elements of the convoy became separated. The insurgent attack lasted several hours, ending only after the arrival of Afghan commandos in helicopters. During the engagement, five policemen and nine soldiers were killed, and 20 of the security forces were injured and 20 captured. In addition 19 vehicles were destroyed and five captured by the insurgents. A Spanish military unit was called for help, but Spanish troops, heavily constrained by restrictive rules of engagement, were allowed only to provide cover from distance for the convoy's retreat.
Karzais decision to release Dastagir was criticized, especially as certain officials claimed the elders who secured his release were acting under orders from the Taliban. The command of the ANA 207 Corps was also criticized, as the unit had already suffered losses in other provinces. When interviewed, Mawlawi Ghulam Dastagir enthusiastically confirmed he had led the attack. Over the preceding three years, insurgent forces in Badghis have grown from almost nothing to a strength estimated at several hundred.
On February 16, 2009, Afghan officials claimed that Dastagir and his deputy had been killed in an airstrike in Balamorghab. The Taliban later confirmed his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21592899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592899" title="Yurihonjō Hinakaidō">
Yurihonjō Hinakaidō

, meaning "Yurihonjō city hina doll route," 
is the name of an event held in March in Yurihonjō City in Akita Prefecture in Japan, in which visitors can follow a map of public displays of the traditional Hina dolls at over 50 different locations around the city.
Background.
Hinamatsuri, known as the Japanese Doll Festival and celebrated as Girls' Day, is a traditional cultural observance in Japan, held on March 3, the third day of the third month. In 2005, the new city of Yurihonjō was created as a result of a merger of seven towns and one city. Many households had fine Hinamatsuri doll sets, and so in 2008 the new city organized this Yurihonjō Hinakaidō event.
The Shōnai area across the border from Yurihonjō in Yamagata Prefecture used to be an important port of call and trading centre for the Kitamae trading ships (北前船, Kitamaebune?). These ships often brought the latest trends and crafts from the imperial capital in Kyoto, among them the traditional Hina dolls, and for over 100 years Shōnai had organised tours with information and maps to enable people to see the beautiful craftwork of the Hina dolls at various places around Sakata, Tsuruoka and the other towns which make up the Shōnai area. 
The first Yurihonjō Hinakaidō event, in 2008, was largely based around the Yashima area, which already had its own small-scale Hina doll display custom. In 2009, the Hina Doll tour of Yurihonjō tried to encompass the different areas of the newly-merged city with over 50 different locations divided into four main areas: Iwaki in the north; Ouchi and Honjō in the centre; and Yashima in the south. There were various other 'side' events including a special train service taking visitors to the Yashima hina doll exhibitiion sites on the .
The event in 2010 was extended further with additional displays at new locations and houses. Tour companies in Sendai offer package tours, such as the national train operator JR East. It has also received coverage in the media such as a feature article in the Sakigake newspaper. A dedicated blog was also set up by Akita Prefecture to promote the event.
The Yurihonjō Doll Displays.
The Hina doll displays in this event vary greatly in size, history and style. For example, the historical dolls on display at in Yashima; or the comical servant figures at the or the 'oshie' Hina pictures at the 
The Yurihonjō Hinakaidō is coordinated by the .

</doc>
<doc id="21592909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592909" title="Ernst Schelle">
Ernst Schelle

Ernst Schelle (1864 - 1945) was a German botanist who specialized in cacti. He was employed as Inspector of the botanical gardens in Tübingen ("Botanischer Garten der Universität Tübingen"). The grass species "Helictotrichon schellianum" (Hack.) Kitag. is named for him. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592912" title="1994 Athens International">
1994 Athens International

The 1994 Athens International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. It was held from October 3 through October 10, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21592913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592913" title="James Blackburn">
James Blackburn

James Blackburn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21592931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592931" title="The Black Brunswicker (Millais)">
The Black Brunswicker (Millais)

The Black Brunswicker (1860) is a painting by John Everett Millais. It was inspired in part by the exploits of the Black Brunswickers, a German volunteer corps of the Napoleonic Wars, during the Waterloo campaign and in part by the contrasts of black broadcloth and pearl-white satin in a moment of tender conflict. The painting was originally exhibited with the plural title The Black Brunswickers, but is most commonly known by the singular form of the title.
Subject.
The painting depicts a Brunswicker about to depart for battle. His sweetheart, wearing a ballgown, restrains him, trying to push the door closed, while he pulls it open. This suggests that the scene is inspired by the Duchess of Richmond's ball on 15 June 1815, from which the officers departed to join troops at the Battle of Quatre Bras.
In a letter to his wife, Effie Gray, Millais described his inspiration for the work, referring to a conversation with William Howard Russell, the war correspondent of "The Times":
The same letter states that he intends it to be "a perfect pendant to "The Huguenot"", Millais's first major success, which portrays a similar scene featuring two lovers gazing at each other longingly. Originally Millais intended the two paintings to be even more similar than they are by repeating the motif of the armband used in the earlier painting. He wanted the soldier to be wearing a black crepe mourning armband, with "the sweetheart of the young soldier sewing it around his arm". The armband idea was quickly dropped as it does not appear in any extant preparatory drawings.
Millais reduced the presence of Napoleon to an engraving after Jacques-Louis David's "Napoleon Crossing the Alps", which is framed on the damask-hung wall, and which "perplexed the critics with the possible intricacies of cross purposes and rival jealousies" according to the reviewer from "Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine". This refers to the fact that some critics took the print to imply that the female character was an admirer of Napoleon, and so she was trying to prevent her lover from joining the army for both personal and political reasons. As the critic of "The Times" surmised, "her reluctance is due in part to a romantic admiration for this great conquerer." Other critics suggest the print was intended to allude to both the Waterloo campaign and to more recent events, particularly Napoleon III's repetition of his predecessor's crossing of the Alps by his attack on Austrian controlled Italy in 1859.
Creation and reception.
The artwork took an estimated three months to paint. Millais is reported to have paid particularly close attention to the correctness of the Brunswicker's uniform. Kate Perugini, the daughter of Charles Dickens, was used as a model for the woman seen in the picture. The male model was an anonymous soldier who died shortly afterwards. The two models never actually met. Millais' son says that they both posed with wooden props. He "clasped a lay-figure to his breast, while the fair lady leant on the bosom of a man of wood."
It was also bought for the highest price Millais had ever received from dealer and publisher Ernest Gambart—100 guineas. He sold it on to the well-known Pre-Raphaelite collector Thomas Plint. Later, in 1898, William Hesketh Lever purchased the work for his private collection.
The painting followed a period of relative lack of success for Millais, and its similarity to "A Huguenot" is widely interpreted as an attempt to repeat his earlier success. It was engraved in mezzotint by T.L. Atkinson in 1864. Millais also painted two watercolour copies of the composition.

</doc>
<doc id="21592958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592958" title="Meath (Parliament of Ireland constituency)">
Meath (Parliament of Ireland constituency)

Meath was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons until 1800. 

</doc>
<doc id="21592963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592963" title="Splay (Japanese band)">
Splay (Japanese band)

Splay stylized as SPLAY, was a Japanese rock band from Osaka, belonging to the label Pony Canyon. Two of their recognizable songs are the first opening, "Drawing Days" and the third ending, "Echo again", both theme songs for "Katekyō Hitman Reborn!", a popular anime television series. They broke up in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21592965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592965" title="Comte de Sanois">
Comte de Sanois

Jean-François Joseph Geffrard de La Motte, Comte de Sanois (1723-1799), was a French nobleman and army officer. In his later years his wife committed him unjustly to the Asylum of Charenton under a "lettre de cachet", an incident which because it illustrated the despotic and arbitrary nature of the legal system of the "ancien régime" became a cause célèbre known as the "Affaire Sanois" on the eve of the Revolution, in the course of which the count also became increasingly well known for his many political pamphlets.
Biography.
The Comte de Sanois was born in 1723 near Vitré in Brittany into an old aristocratic family, whose properties included the fief of Sanois in Annet-sur-Marne, and Pantin. In 1745, he joined the prestigious regiment of the Gardes Françaises and shortly afterwards was present at the Battle of Fontenoy. Soon after his marriage in 1761, he left military service and withdrew to his estates. His wife, however, the only daughter of a rich counsellor of the Parlement de Paris, was not happy at the prospect of a quiet country life. Despite some legacies which made the couple relatively wealthy, they nevertheless fell into debt, which caused many domestic disputes and eventually a public drama.
In 1785, in despair at his financial position and crippled by illness, de Sanois fled to Lausanne. Under the mistaken impression that he had taken with him what remained of their fortune, his wife obtained a "lettre de cachet" from Lenoir, lieutenant-general of police, under which a police inspector was authorised to follow him and force him to return, whereupon he was imprisoned in the Asylum of Charenton. Ceaselessly protesting his innocence, he was finally released after nine months and immediately began proceedings against his wife to compel her to abandon her request for separation and to clear his good name and reputation.
The Sanois Affair.
In 1786 the Sanois Affair ("Affaire Sanois") erupted into an extremely tense social climate which transformed what would otherwise have been a banal private case into a headline-grabbing lawsuit. There was huge public indignation over the principle of the "lettre de cachet", a symbol of despotism, and there was sympathy for the unfortunate old man whom his unnatural wife had had thrown into Charenton. The business thus lent itself to media exploitation by ambitious and talented lawyers like Pierre Louis de Lacretelle, the new champion of individual freedoms.
De Lacretelle dashed off his "Memoir for the Comte de Sanois" which denounces in passing the abusive use of the "lettre de cachet". Exempt from censorship, the legal memoir ("mémoire judiciaire" or "factum") had become a fashionable literary genre. Initially a straightforward working document written by lawyers for the judges, it had now become a means of communication of frightening power which circulated among the salons and the coffee houses. Thanks to this currency of the legal memoir, readers could easily become engaged in famous cases such as the Affair of the Diamond Necklace or the Kornmann case.
The press also played a decisive part in provoking the curiosity of the public. Among the publications which revealed the background and details of topical affairs, one of the most reliable is certainly the "Mémoires secrets", an anonymous serial published over many years Various authors have been credited with contributing to it, among them a certain Mouffle d’Angerville, to whom are attributed no less than thirty-four articles favourable to the Comte de Sanois. In 1788, the count assembled these articles and amplified them with his own comments in a work entitled "Mon honneur finalement justifié" ("My honour finally justified"). Although he rectifies some errors, generally his tone is highly enthusiastic before the authenticity of these chronicles: 
""Sirs, you have reproduced this scene with such exactitude that there is not a comma to remove here, nor a point to be added there.""
The defence of the countess was undertaken by the lawyer Tronson du Coudray. In 1787, the lawsuit concluded in a compromise: Mme de Sanois was to keep the totality of the couple's goods but agreed to pay an income to her husband and acknowledged that her charges against him were unfounded.
De Sanois then went into exile again, this time at Neuchâtel, where he hoped to publish the full account of his misfortunes with the "Société Typographique de Neuchâtel". But apparently he encountered some difficulties. It was with joy that he learnt the news of the convocation of the Estates-General in 1789 and returned to Paris to make his voice heard against the "lettres de cachets" and ministerial despotism.
He was initially closely aligned to the patriots who were demanding reforms, and full of enthusiasm published booklet after booklet in support of the Revolution. Although he was the feudal lord of Pantin (near Paris), he even had printed the "cahiers de doléances" ("lists of grievances") of his own parish, accompanied by his own annotations.
As Lacretelle observed, "He initially turned to the ideas of freedom: but soon, the abuses that were made of it turned him against them".
Faithful to the king and religion, he was then imprisoned as a counter-revolutionary. Although arrested twice, he escaped the guillotine and died in Paris on the 24 pluviôse in year VII, or 12 February 1799.
Works.
The Comte de Sanois was an original personality, unrepentant, as a litigant confident of his own right and good faith, but became inebriated by the notoriety he acquired in 1786. He took advantage of the contemporary wind of reform to present his ideas and by the time of his death had produced about fifty political booklets strewn with many autobiographical testimonies.

</doc>
<doc id="21592972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592972" title="Marcel Rayman">
Marcel Rayman

Marcel Rajman, alias Simon Maujean, Faculté, Michel, and Michel Mieczlav (1 May 1923, Warsaw, Poland − 21 February 1944, fort du Mont-Valérien) was a Polish Jew and volunteer fighter in the FTP-MOI group of French resistance fighters during World War II, and the head of "Stalingrad", a highly active militant group.
Biography.
First years.
Marcel Rajman was born on 1 May 1923 in Warsaw. He came to France with his parents at the age of eight. At ten, he joined the "Pionniers" and the working men's sports club Yask. Making up for lost time, he studied with ease and passed his "brevet élémentaire" aged 15. He started working with his parents, as a textile worker.
Second World War.
After the first groups of the "Jeunesses communistes" were formed, Rajman readily joined them and fought actively until the beginning of 1942, participating in illegal demonstrations, putting up posters, leafleting and other activity. He became in charge of the Jeunesses communistes in the 11th arrondissement.
At the beginning of 1942, Rajman asked to join the 2nd Jewish division of the "Francs-tireurs et partisans". He was accepted, distinguishing himself by bravery and intelligence. He was named to train new fighters, which role he gladly accepted. When the Czech grouping of the FTP was formed, he was sent to teach them the partisans military skills. He was completely successful, and the first operation against the Germans at the Pont des Arts caused a big stir.
When the Armenian detachment was formed, Rajman was sent as an inspector. Notably, the first operation of Missak Manouchian, at Levallois, took place under Rajman's leadership.
On 3 June 1942, in front of the address 17 rue Mirabeau in the 16th arrondissement, Rajman and Ernest Blankopf threw a volley of grenades at a coach belonging to the Kriegsmarine. The Germans returned fire. Rajman, sought by all the police forces, managed to escape, while Blankopf was gravely wounded, and, not to be taken alive, shot himself in the head.
During summer 1943, the FTP-MOI decided to assassinate the commandant of Greater Paris, General von Schaumburg, who was responsible for signing the posters displayed in Paris announcing the execution of resistance members. The FTP-MOI informants spotted him, a well groomed officer who rode on horseback to the Bois de Boulogne every day escorted by two guards. After his excursion, he went up the avenue Raphaël and into the courtyard of a luxurious hotel, before taking his official car which drove him to the hôtel Meurice. His journey being predictable, Rajman, Raymond Kojiski and Léo Kneller decided to act. On 28 July 1943, the three men attacked the car, throwing a grenade, and succeeded in getting away. However, they missed their target; furthermore, it was not von Schaumburg who was in the car on that day, but lieutenant colonel Moritz von Maliber, a high-ranking member of von Schaumburgs staff.
Thenceforth, Rajman became a major target, and his hideaway at rue de Belleville, Paris, was soon known to the Renseignements généraux. However, the RG preferred to prolong their surveillance in the hope that it would lead to more arrests.
In July and August 1943, the Brigades Spéciales n° 2 of the Renseignements généraux concentrated their efforts on the "terrorists" of the MOI. Rajman, in charge of the train derailing group and of execution, Missak Manouchian, the military commander, and Léo Kneller, a veteran fighter, were the most wanted men.
At the beginning of 1943, Lejb Goldberg – a fierce partisan since his parents were arrested and killed in the July 1942 Vel' d'Hiv Roundup ("Rafle du Vélodrome d'Hiver") – was identified and followed to a particular address, 9b passage de Stinville. He left accompanied by Rajman, and they were followed by Inspector Constant of the RG.
By the end of the summer, almost all the MOI fighters has been spotted.
In enemy hands.
Rajman was arrested by the Brigades Spéciales on 16 November 1943 at a rendezvous with Olga Bancic. He was indicted in the trial of the FTP-MOI members which took place on 17–18 February 1944. He was one of the ten fighters depicted on the Affiche rouge propaganda poster which was displayed throughout Paris. The German military tribunal sentenced him to death. He was shot at the fort Mont Valérien on 21 February 1944 along with 21 other members of the Manouchian group.
Legacy.
He is portrayed by actor Robinson Stévenin in the 2009 French film "The Army of Crime" directed by Robert Guédiguian.
Portrait.
Rajman's profile among the BS2 police read as follows: ""Faculté: 19 ans, corpulence trapue, visage rond, cheveux châtain foncé, frisés et abondants, chandail bleu marine à col roulé, pardessus bleu à martingale, souliers noirs, porte une serviette sous le bras."" (Faculté: 19 years old, stocky build, round face, big curly dark brown hair, navy blue sweater with turtleneck, blue martingale overcoat, plack sandals, carries a satchel under his arm.) "Faculté" was one of Rajman's pseudonyms.
Rajman's name appeared on the Affiche rouge German propaganda poster, with the following caption ""Rayman, juif polonais, 13 attentats"" (Rayman, Polish Jew, 13 attacks).
Rajman's mother Chana was gassed to death at Birkenau. His younger brother Simon was deported to Buchenwald.

</doc>
<doc id="21592973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592973" title="Macmillan Caring Locally">
Macmillan Caring Locally

Macmillan Caring Locally (formerly The Macmillan Cancer Trust) is a British registered charity (no. 268218), which was formed in 1974 to support a palliative care unit at Christchurch Hospital in Christchurch, Dorset, southern England. It now also operates Albany Lodge, a hotel in Bournemouth for cancer patients and carers, and supports a range of posts and services for cancer diagnosis and treatment at the Royal Bournemouth Hospital.
History.
The trust evolved from the fund-raising committee for the building of the first Macmillan unit in the country at Christchurch Hospital. This committee included amongst its members representatives from the League of Friends at the Royal Victoria Hospital (now closed and incorporated into the Royal Bournemouth and Christchurch Hospital) and the local branch of the National Society for Cancer Relief (now Macmillan Cancer Support).
During the final stages of building, it was decided to form a trust to be identified with the unit and it was registered as a charity on 25 July 1974.
It was re-branded in 2009 as Macmillan Caring Locally, reducing the scope for confusion with the UK national cancer charity Macmillan Cancer Support.
Services.
The aims of the trust are to support those who are suffering from cancer and other terminal diseases where no cure is expected, and to provide help and support for family members. Latterly the trust has aided services which provide early diagnosis of cancers with a view to enabling early treatment and, ideally, recovery.
The trust's total expenditure on charitable activities in 2009 was £1.2 million, responding to a wide variety of needs supporting the NHS, primarily for the Macmillan Unit, but also for other cancer sufferers in south east Dorset and west Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="21592986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592986" title="Wen Xuan">
Wen Xuan

The Wen xuan (), or Selections of Refined Literature, is one of the earliest and most important anthologies of Chinese poetry and literature, and is one of the world's oldest literary anthologies to be arranged by topic. It is a selection of what were judged to be the best poetic and prose pieces from the late Warring States period (c. 300 BC) to the early Liang dynasty (c. AD 500). The "Wen xuan" preserves most of the greatest "fu" and "shi" poetry pieces from the Qin and Han dynasties, and for much of pre-modern history was one of the primary sources of literary knowledge for educated Chinese.
The "Wen xuan" was compiled between AD 520 and 530 in the ancient city of Jiankang (modern Nanjing) during the Liang dynasty by Xiao Tong, the eldest son of Emperor Wu of Liang, and a group of scholars he had assembled. The Liang dynasty, though short-lived, was a period of intense literary activity, and the ruling Xiao family ensured that eminent writers and scholars were frequently invited to the imperial and provincial courts. As Crown Prince, Xiao Tong received the best classical Chinese education available and began selecting pieces for his new anthology in his early twenties. The "Wen xuan" contains 761 separate pieces organized into 37 literary categories, the largest and most well known being "Rhapsodies" ("fu") and "Lyric Poetry" ("shi").
Study of the "Wen xuan" enjoyed immense popularity during the Tang dynasty, and its study rivalled that of the Five Classics during that period. The "Wen Xuan" was required reading for any aspiring scholar and official even into the Song dynasty, as evidenced by the medieval Chinese rhyme ""Wen xuan" study thoroughly done / Half your licentiate already won" ("Wénxuǎn làn, xiùcái bàn" 文選爛，秀才半). Throughout the Yuan and Ming dynasties study of the "Wen xuan" lapsed out of popularity, though the great philologists of the Qing dynasty revived its study to some extent.
Three volumes of the first full English translation of the "Wen Xuan" have been published by David R. Knechtges, professor of Chinese at the University of Washington, who aims to eventually complete the translation in five additional volumes.
History.
Compilation.
The "Wen xuan" was compiled during the 520s by Xiao Tong, the son of Emperor Wu of Liang and Crown Prince of the Liang dynasty, with the assistance of his closest friends and associates. Xiao was a precocious child and received an excellent classical Chinese education. His two official biographies both state that by age four he had memorized the Five Classics and at age eight gave a relatively competent lecture on the "Classic of Filial Piety" to a group of assembled scholars. As Xiao matured, he developed a love of scholarship and books, and by his early teenage years the library of the Eastern Palace – the Crown Prince's official residence – contained over 30,000 volumes.
Xiao spent much of his leisure time in the company of the leading Chinese scholars of his day, and their serious discussions of literature impelled the creation of the "Wen xuan". His main purpose in creating the "Wen xuan" was the creation of a suitable anthology of the best individual works of "belles-lettres" available, ignoring philosophical works in favor of aesthetically beautiful poetry and other writings. After Xiao Tong's death in 531 he was given the posthumous name "Zhaoming" 昭明 ("Resplendent Brilliance"), and so the collection came to be known as the "Zhaoming "Wen xuan"". Despite its massive influence on Chinese literature, Xiao's categories and editorial choices have occasionally been criticized throughout Chinese history for a number of odd or illogical choices.
Influence.
By the early 8th century the "Wen xuan" had become an important text that all young men were expected to master in preparation for literary examinations. Famed poet Du Fu advised his son Du Zongwu to "master thoroughly the principles of the "Wen xuan"." Copies of the "Wen xuan" were obtained by nearly all families that could afford them in order to help their sons study the literary styles of the works it contained. This practice continued into the Song dynasty until the imperial examination reforms of the late 11th century. In the mid-16th century, during the Ming dynasty, an abridged version of the "Wen xuan" was created to help aspiring officials study composition for the eight-legged essays on Ming-era imperial exams.
Contents.
The "Wen xuan" contains 761 works organized into 37 separate categories: Rhapsodies ("fu" 賦), Lyric Poetry ("shī" 詩), "Chu"-style Elegies ("sāo" 騷), Sevens ("qī" 七), Edicts ("zhào" 詔), Patents of Enfeoffment ("cè" 册), Commands ("lìng" 令), Instructions ("jiào" 教), Examination Prompts ("cèwén" 策文), Memorials ("biǎo" 表), Letters of Submission ("shàngshū" 上書), Communications ("qǐ" 啓), Memorials of Impeachment ("tánshì" 彈事), Memoranda ("jiān" 牋), Notes of Presentation ("zòujì" 奏記), Letters ("shū" 書), Proclamations of War ("xí" 檄), Responses to Questions ("duìwèn" 對問), Hypothetical Discourses ("shè lùn" 設論), Mixed song/rhapsody ("cí" 辭), Prefaces ("xù" 序), Praise Poems ("sòng" 頌), Encomia for Famous Men ("zàn" 贊), Prophetic Signs ("fú mìng" 符命), Historical Treatises ("shǐ lùn" 史論), Historical Evaluations and Judgments ("shǐ shù zàn" 史述贊), Treatises ("lùn" 論), "Linked Pearls" ("liánzhū" 連珠), Admonitions ("zhēn" 箴), Inscriptions ("míng" 銘), Dirges ("lěi" 誄), Laments ("aī" 哀), Epitaphs ("béi" 碑), Grave Memoirs ("mùzhì" 墓誌), Conduct Descriptions ("xíngzhuàng" 行狀), Condolences ("diàowén" 弔文), and Offerings ("jì" 祭).
The first group of categories – the "Rhapsodies" ("fu") and "Lyric Poetry" ("shi"), and to a lesser extent the ""Chu"-style Elegies" and "Sevens" – are the largest and most important of the "Wen xuan". Its 55 "fu", in particular, are a "remarkably representative selection of major works", and includes most of the greatest "fu" masterpieces, such as Sima Xiangru's ""Fu" on the Excursion Hunt of the Emperor" ("Tiānzǐ yóuliè fù" 天子遊獵賦), Yang Xiong's ""Fu" on the Sweet Springs Palace" ("Gān Quán fù" 甘泉賦), Ban Gu's ""Fu" on the Two Capitals" ("Liǎng dū fù" 兩都賦), and Zhang Heng's ""Fu" on the Two Metropolises" ("Èr jīng fù" 二京賦).
Annotations.
The first annotations to the "Wen Xuan" appeared sixty to seventy years after its publication and were produced by Xiao Tong's cousin Xiao Gai. Cao Xian, Xu Yan, Li Shan, Gongsun Luo, and other scholars of the late Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty helped promote the "Wen Xuan" until it became the focus of an entire branch of literature study: an early 7th century scholar from Yangzhou named Cao Xian (曹憲) produced a work entitled "Pronunciation and Meaning in the "Wen xuan" " () and the others – who were his students – each produced their own annotations to the collection.
Li Shan commentary.
Li Shan (李善, d. 689) was a student of Cao Xian and a minor official who served on the staff of Li Hong, a Crown Prince of the early Tang dynasty. Li had an encyclopedic knowledge of early Chinese language and literature which he used to create a detailed commentary to the "Wen xuan" that he submitted to the imperial court of Emperor Gaozong of Tang in 658, though he may have later expanded and revised it with the assistance of his son Li Yong (李邕). Li's annotations, which have been termed "models of philological rigor", are some of the most exemplary in all of Chinese literature, giving accurate glosses of rare and difficult words and characters, as well as giving source information and "loci classici" for notable passages. His commentary is still the recognized as the most useful and important tool for reading and studying the "Wen xuan" in the original Chinese.
"Five Officials" commentary.
In 718, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang, a new "Wen xuan" commentary by court officials Lü Yanji, Liu Liang, Zhang Xian, Lü Xiang, and Li Zhouhan entitled "Collected Commentaries of the Five Officials" () was submitted to the imperial court. This "Five Officials" commentary is longer and contains more paraphrases of difficult lines than Li Shan's annotations, but is also full of erroneous and far-fetched glosses and interpretations.
Later editions.
Besides the Li Shan and "Five Officials" commentaries, a number of other "Wen xuan" editions seem to have circulated during the Tang dynasty. Almost none of these other editions have survived to modern times, though a number of manuscripts have been preserved in Japan. A number of fragments of the "Wen xuan" or commentaries to it were rediscovered in Japan in the 1950s, including one from Dunhuang discovered in the Eisei Bunko Museum and a complete manuscript of a shorter Kujō (九條, Mandarin: "Jiǔtiáo") edition printed as early as 1099. The best known of these other editions is "Collected Commentaries of the" Wen Xuan ("Wénxuǎn jízhù" 文選集注, Japanese: "Monzen shūchū"), an edition of unknown authorship that contains some old Tang dynasty commentaries that were lost in China. 
Published during the reign of Emperor Zhezong of Song, in the second lunar month of 1094, the "Youzhou Prefecture Study Book" contained the first compilation of the annotations of both the Five Officials and Li Shan. The later "Annotations of the Six Scholars" edition (i.e. the Five Officials and Li Shan), such as Guang Dupei's woodblock printing and the Mingzhou printing was the most well-known edition of the "Youzhou" book. Another edition, called the "Annotations of the Six Officials", which had Ganzhou and Jianzhou versions, was based on the "Six Scholars" edition but altered the ordering of certain sections.
In the early 19th century, scholar Hu Kejia produced a collated and textually critical edition entitled "Kao Yi" (). This edition became the basis for most modern printings of the "Wen Xuan", such as the Zhonghua Book Company's 1977 edition and the Shanghai Guji 1986 edition.
Influence in Japan.
The "Wen Xuan" (Japanese: "Mon-zen") was transmitted to Japan sometime after its initial publication and had become required reading for the Japanese aristocracy by the Heian period. Admired for its beauty, many terms from the "Wen Xuan" made their way into Japanese as loanwords and are still used.

</doc>
<doc id="21592988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592988" title="Bulgaria–Syria relations">
Bulgaria–Syria relations

Bulgaria–Syria relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Syria. Both countries established diplomatic relations on August 24, 1954. Since May 1955, Bulgaria has embassy in Damascus and an honorary consulate in Aleppo. Syria has an embassy in Sofia.
Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="21592991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21592991" title="Most expensive cars sold in auction">
Most expensive cars sold in auction

This is a list of the most expensive cars sold in auto auctions through the traditional bidding process, consisting of those that attracted headline grabbing publicity, mainly for the high price their new owners have paid.
A 1954 Mercedes-Benz race car sold for a record $30 million at an auction in England on July 12, 2013.
While collectible cars have been sold privately for more, this is the highest price ever paid for a car at a public auction. The record was previously held by a 1957 Ferrari Testa Rossa Prototype which sold at an auction in California in 2011 for $16.4 million. The Mercedes W196R Formula 1 race car, powered by a 2.5-litre 8-cylinder engine, was one of a group of race cars that won 9 World Championship-qualifying Grand Prix races in 1954 and '55.
The previous record was $16,390,000 for a 1957 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossa, sold on August 21, 2011 in an auction hosted by Gooding & Company in Pebble Beach Equestrian Center, the site of the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance in Pebble Beach, California, United States.
The 1904 Rolls-Royce 10 hp Two-Seater is currently listed on the Guinness World Records as the most expensive veteran car to be sold, at the price of , on a Bonhams auction held at Olympia in London on December 3, 2007.
This list only consists of those that have been sold for at least $3 million in auction sales during a traditional bidding process, inclusive of the mandatory buyers premium and does not include private, unsuccessful (failing to reach its reserve price, incomplete) and out of auction sales.
Common contributing factors.
Common contributing factors affecting the value of auctioned automobiles include:
World economy affecting car values.
Aside those mentioned above, the world economy is the other main factor to its values as classic cars are being regarded as an alternative investment.
The market began in the 1970s when used Ferraris was exported to any Italian exotic car dealer in the United States who were willing to buy anything that came to them, then the 1973 oil crisis when prices of exotic cars plummeted rapidly, almost new and higher in the range models frequented in used car lots, a Lamborghini Miura could be bought for $15,000 at that time. A 1960 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider that went on to sell for $4,950,000 in 2009 was offered for sale in the June 1964 issue of Road & Track for , in the April 1976 issue of Hemmings Motor News, the same car was offered at . After a period of ups and downs in the 1970s and early 1980s, interest rates eased, meaning exotics once frequent on bedroom walls became suddenly affordable.
During the 1980s boom, investors frequented auctions, causing prices to skyrocket. When cars were sold, they were frequently shifted to storage for investors intending to profit later. The high prices drove enthusiasts away from the market, and cars passed from investor to investor. The 1980s boom was followed by 1990s bust, and the values of classic cars plummeted
According to the November 1997 issue of "Car Magazine", the Ferrari F40 was credited for sparking the price speculation craze.
During the height of the Japanese asset price bubble in the late 1980s, when the yen had strengthened from about 300 to the U.S. dollar in 1985 to about 150 by 1989, wealthy Japanese buyers began to buy classic cars for effectively half the previous cost in yen. One example of this in 1989, a Ferrari 250 GTO (3909GT) was privately sold to Takeo Kato for $13,837,500. When the bubble burst, it was sold to Talacrest, an Egham (in Surrey) based Ferrari dealer for $2.7m in 1994, eventually selling onto David Morrison, a London based American for an estimated $3.5 million. It passed on in 2001 to John Mozart, via private sale in exchange of a Ferrari 250 TR, for an estimated $7,000,000.
Although prices have slightly dipped for general classic cars due to the recent recession, prices for high end collector cars have held their value or continued to rise. Since the 1990s recession, values of the most desirable cars have risen in value by 200% or more. The reason for this is unlike the late 1980s, buyers are enthusiasts with knowledge on the products they are interested in.
Between 2005 and 2010, the value of vintage cars have said to increased by 21 per cent, according to Dietrich Hatlapa of the HAGI Index (Historic Automobile Group International), vintage cars have offered annual returns of about 21 per cent over the past five years.
One challenge to owners of expensive cars is the risk of having them damaged in crashes. The most expensive car crash in motoring history appears to have been by Christopher Cox, who crashed while driving his Ferrari 250 GTO and destroyed its front end. The car itself was valued at around $30 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21593008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593008" title="Wenxuan">
Wenxuan

Wenxuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21593013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593013" title="Mesh-29 discography">
Mesh-29 discography

The discography of Mesh-29, an English indie rock band, consists of two studio albums, two EPs and one promotional single as of October 2008.
Mesh-29 was formed in 2005 in Whittlesey, near Peterborough, by Adam Mezzatesta (vocals, guitar) and Anthony Shiels (keyboard). The band released their debut album "Dead Machine" in 2007, followed by their EP single "Over the Barricade", which featured an unreleased track and a remaster of "Cigarette". The single reached number 35 in the UK singles chart, making Mesh-29 the second unsigned band ever to achieve such a result.
Their second album, "Secret traffic", was released in 2008 after the promotional single "White light", which was released that October. However, this "promo" did not qualify for the charts, although an attempt is ongoing to release "Wide Awake" from the album as a single.
On March 2, the new single "Wide Awake" was released on vinyl and EP nationally. The single reached #7 in the UK Indie Chart
Discography.
Albums.
"Dead Machine" (2006-03-27)
"Secret Traffic" (2008-10-20)
Singles.
Singles that have qualified for chart position

</doc>
<doc id="21593022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593022" title="Bulgaria–Indonesia relations">
Bulgaria–Indonesia relations

Bulgaria–Indonesia relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Indonesia. Bulgaria has an embassy in Jakarta while Indonesia has an embassy in Sofia.
History.
Bulgaria was among the States that recognized Indonesia's independence since its Proclamation of Independence on August 17, 1945. The two countries established diplomatic relations on September 21, 1956. Bulgaria has had an embassy in Jakarta since October 1958 and Indonesia has had an embassy in Sofia since 1960.
Agreements.
In June 2003, the two countries signed a memorandum of understanding on trade.
In September 2003, Bulgaria and Indonesia's respective presidents pledged agreement on combating international terrorism
In 2004 The Bulgarian news agency, BTA, set up a cooperative relationship with Indonesia's ANTARA. In 2005 Bulgaria sent USD 82,000 worth of medicine to Indonesia after the tsunami of December 26, 2004. Also in 2004 Bulgarian Foreign Minister Solomon Passy talked to Noer Hasan Wirajuda, Indonesia's Foreign Minister and they agreed that Bulgaria and Indonesia should boost their bilateral cooperation.
Humanitarian aid.
Following the May 28, 2006 earthquake in Indonesia, Bulgaria sent humanitarian aid of 160,000 leva for the victims of the earthquake. Disaster Management Minister Emel Etem said that the country would donate medicines, 50 tents and mattresses, 1,500 blankets.

</doc>
<doc id="21593023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593023" title="Conrad Buno">
Conrad Buno

Conrad Buno (c1613–1671), was a German copperplate engraver, cartographer and publisher at the court of Wolfenbüttel (Guelpherbytum) and brother of Johann Buno (1617–1697), the theologian and pedagogue from Lüneburg.
Conrad Buno prepared a set of maps for the 1641 Brunswick-Lüneburg edition of Philipp Cluver’s famous "Introductio in Universam Geographicam", an atlas with maps of Africa, America, Asia and the World, and text written by Johann Buno.

</doc>
<doc id="21593038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593038" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Azerbaijan">
Postage stamps and postal history of Azerbaijan

The postage stamps and postal history of Azerbaijan describes the history of postage stamps and postal systems in Azerbaijan, which closely follows the political history of Azerbaijan, from its incorporation to the Russian Empire in 1806, to its briefly obtained independence in 1918, which it lost to the Soviet Union in 1920 and re-acquired it in 1991 after the fall of the Soviet Union.
Russian Empire.
The modern postal service in Azerbaijan began in the early 19th century, when Azerbaijan became a part of the Russian Empire. The first post office was opened in 1818 in Yelizavetpol (now Ganja). The first mail forwarding service was established in 1826 in Baku, followed by the second mail forwarding service which was established in 1828 in Nakhichevan. Post offices were opened Quba, Shusha, Shamakhi, Lankaran, Nukha (now Shaki) and Salyan. Russian Empire postmarks and postage stamps were in used in the territory of Azerbaijan from 1858. The early postmarks were composed of dots in different shapes. Dated postmarks with city names soon followed.
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic.
The first stamps of Azerbaijan were issued in 1919 by the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and consisted of a set of ten pictorial designs to 50r. There are two distinct printings, a 1919 printing on white paper with whitish gum and a 1920 printing on buff paper with yellow gum or no gum. The first printing is scarcer and forgeries of it exist.
Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.
On 27 April 1920 the Soviet army entered the capital Baku and the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (ASSR) was created, which became a part of the Soviet Union (USSR). The first stamps of the ASSR were issued in 1921 and consisted of a set of 15 stamps showing local and political scenes including an oil well and a mosque. Further stamps were issued in 1921 for famine relief and overprints with local control inscriptions in 1922.
However the 1923 famine relief stamps of Azerbaijan are bogus, and these were subsequently forged. The republic was periodically recognized in sets of stamps honoring the different parts of the USSR. During the entire Soviet period about 60 stamps with Azerbaijani nationalistic and ethnic topics were issued by the central USSR government itself, featuring prominent figures, buildings, flora, fauna, and other subjects related to Azerbaijan.
Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic.
On 12 March 1922, Azerbaijan, Armenia and Georgia were federated as the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic (TSFSR). Azerbaijani stamps were overprinted first in Azeri currency, then Transcaucasian rubles. Overprinted country-wide Soviet stamps were issued in 1923. From 1 October 1923 ASSR stamps were replaced completely by stamps of the TSFSR which were used until the dissolution of the TSFSR and the second refounding of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (ASSR) in 1936. The stamps of the ASSR were issued again along with the country-wide Soviet stamps which were used until the dissolution of the ASSR and the Soviet Union in 1991.
Republic of Azerbaijan.
On 19 November 1990, the ASSR was renamed the Republic of Azerbaijan. It became an independent country on 18 August 1991 and its first stamp was issued on 26 March 1992 to mark its independence. Unlike most other ex-Soviet republics, Azerbaijan did not overprint Soviet stamps to meet their postal needs after independence.
The national postal service Azərpoçt was founded in 1992, which was restructured in 1999 and which became the national postal operator in 2004. The national postage stamp company Azermarka began functioning in 1992 and is responsible for the production and sale of all Azerbaijani postage stamps. On 1 April 1993, Azerbaijan became a member of the Universal Postal Union. A variety of definitive and commemorative stamps have been produced depicting topical and local subjects. First day covers and postal stationery have also been issued. The first stamps depicting people were issued in 1993. The first person to be featured on a postage stamp after the dissolution of the Soviet Union was Heydar Aliyev, the third President of Azerbaijan. The first stamps to be issued in the new Azerbaijani currency, the manat, that was introduced to replace the Soviet ruble used for the previous issues since independence, appeared in October 1992, after the introduction of the new currency on 15 August 1992. The currency value of the stamps (in manats or in its monetary unit the qapiks) varies depending on the year of issue. In 1998, 19 sets of illegal postage stamps, were allegedly issued in Nakhchivan, which depict among others, Diana, Princess of Wales and the British pop group Spice Girls. Consequently, Azerbaijani officials have issued notices to the Universal Postal Union, notifying them about counterfeint stamps on popular thematic subjects issued in their name.

</doc>
<doc id="21593047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593047" title="Baghdad Central Station">
Baghdad Central Station

Baghdad Central Station is the main train station in Baghdad. It links the rail network to the south and the north of Iraq.
The station was built by the British to designs by J M Wilson, a Scot who had been an assistant to Lutyens in New Delhi and who subsequently set up a practice of his own in Baghdad . Construction started in 1948 and finished in 1953. The station is the biggest one in Iraq.
History.
The train station was originally built by the British and it was considered as the "Jewel of Baghdad" for daily travellers. The station offered telegraph services, it had also a bank, a post office, a saloon, shopping areas and a restaurant. The station even had an office with printing presses which are still printing the train tickets.
After the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, thieves snatched the station's furniture, lighting fixtures and even bathroom plumbing.
Renovations.
A $5.9 million renovation began in 2004 and was completed in June 2006. The renovation included all-new power plant and air conditioning system. The electrical, water, and sewer lines were replaced. The restaurant was rehabilitated and the roof, the windows and the plaster walls were replaced. All clocks were replaced and connected to one new central system. Also,the broken mosaic floor tiles were replaced.
A new entrance was constructed. Two new seven passenger elevators, new bathrooms and a hotel with 13 rooms were added along with a new fire alarm and sprinkler system

</doc>
<doc id="21593094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593094" title="Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1956">
Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1956

The Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election of 1956 took place on 11 November 1956.
Results.
Regional totals.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
Trentino.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region
South Tyrol.
Source: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Region

</doc>
<doc id="21593095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593095" title="Bulgaria–Uzbekistan relations">
Bulgaria–Uzbekistan relations

Bulgaria–Uzbekistan relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Uzbekistan. Both countries established diplomatic relations on September 12, 1992. Bulgaria has an embassy in Tashkent. Uzbekistan is represented in Bulgaria through a non resident ambassador based in Tashkent (in the Foreign Ministry.) Both countries are full members of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
Bulgaria provides a link in the trade corridor between Uzbekistan and the European Union, with important Black Sea ports. The two countries are interested in expanding trade by this route. However, despite repeated discussions on the subject, Uzbekistan has so far declined to supply natural gas to the Nabucco pipeline, which, if built, would feed gas to Europe via Bulgaria.
Official Exchanges.
In November 1997, the Bulgarian foreign minister discussed economic cooperation with Uzbekistan. Visiting Bulgaria in June 1998, the Uzbek president Islam Karimov said that he saw Bulgaria as a key trade partner, saying that Bulgarian and Uzbek goods can make use of the Silk Road in both directions. Following the establishment of the Bulgarian embassy in April 1999, the next ten years saw 21 intergovernmental and 9 interdepartmental agreements signed during the period ending April 2009. Uzbekistan hopes to make use of their increasingly close ties with Bulgaria to take advantage of opportunities available due to Bulgaria's full European Union membership, while Bulgaria is particularly interested in energy security.
There have been continued senior-level contacts between the two countries. In May 1998 the Uzbek foreign minister visited Sofia and met the Bulgarian president. During his visit, the Bulgarian and Uzbek foreign ministers discussed economic and transport links. In June 1998 the Uzbek president visited Bulgaria. In May 1999 the Bulgarian president visited Uzbekistan. In November 2003 the Uzbek president met with the Bulgarian prime minister. In May 2004 the Bulgarian and Uzbek foreign ministers discussed diplomatic and economic ties. In January 2005, Uzbekistan and Bulgaria set up consular offices. In March 2006, the Bulgarian envoy in Uzbekistan stated that he was happy with cooperation between the two countries. In April 2007, a Bulgarian minister visited Uzbekistan for cooperation talks.
In November 2008 Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov made an official visit to Uzbekistan where he met with Uzbek leader Islam Karimov. The two men discussed all aspects of the bilateral relationship. They agreed to make efforts to increase and diversify trade, making better use of untapped potential. There was considerable controversy when the Bulgarian president hunted for protected animals in Uzbekistan. In February 2009, Bulgaria expressed confidence that the relationship would continue to develop, including a significant expansion of ties relating to tourism as well as further developments concerning trade and cultural exchange 
Economic relationship and agreements.
In June 1998 Bulgaria and Uzbekistan signed seven treaty and cooperation accords. In May 1999 they signed transport and crime agreements. In July 1999, Uzbek Prime Minister Erkin Khalilov said that the Bulgarian Black Sea ports of Varna and Burgas may become Uzbekistan's doors to Europe. Talking to the Burgas mayor in November 2003, Uzbek president Islam Karimov suggested that a formal customs agreement should be implemented to facilitate transport of Uzbek goods through Bulgaria.
In October 2004, the two countries finalized three legal accords. In April 2007, Bulgaria and Uzbekistan signed an economic cooperation agreement. By 2005, trade between the two countries was expected to reach US$50 million.
However, in November 2008 Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov stated that his country was not interested in becoming a supplier of the EU-sponsored gas transit Nabucco Pipeline, but would continue to export via Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="21593102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593102" title="OT Band">
OT Band

OT Band is a Serbian band found in Belgrade in 2009. It was formed by four contestants of "Operacija trijumf", the Balkan version of Endemol's "Fame Academy". The contestants Vukašin Brajić, Đorđe Gogov, Nikola Paunović and Nikola Sarić are commonly known as the "OT Rockers", due to their affirmation to the rock music.
The band took part in the Beovizija 2009, Serbia's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, with a song "Blagoslov za kraj", written and produced by Universal Music, and won 2nd place.
Group history.
"Operacija trijumf".
"Operacija trijumf", the Balkan version of "Fame Academy", began on September 29, 2008. The contestants include young singers from all the countries of former SFR Yugoslavia (except Slovenia) — Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Macedonia. Four of sixteen contestants were Vukašin Brajić, Đorđe Gogov, Nikola Paunović and Nikola Sarić. All of them are from Serbia; Brajić was born in Bosnia and Herzegovina, but has lived in Serbia since his childhood.
During the show, Brajić, Gogov, Paunović and Sarić were recognized as rock musicians, and they were named the "OT Rockers". The singing professor Mirko Vukomanović, and a famous Serbian music producer, told that Brajić and Sarić are very good guitarists, the best at the academy. Gogov and Paunović do not play any instruments, but were noticed by their rock music affirmation and good performing. They performed merely rock songs, originally played by famous rock artists, such as Nirvana, Queen, Billy Idol, Lenny Kravitz, Bijelo Dugme, Deep Purple, AC/DC, Bryan Adams, Bon Jovi and others. However, none of them won. Gogov was expelled at the ninth gala event, being beaten in telephone voting by Brajić. Paunović was expelled at the tenth gala event, losing to Croatian Ana Bebić. Sarić was expelled at the eleventh gala event, losing to Brajić. Brajić was the finalist of the show.
One of the "OT" jury members, Croatian musician Tonči Huljić, said he sees Brajić, Gogov, Paunović and Sarić in a rock band. However, none of the future band members thought that was a good idea, except Paunović, all of them wanted a solo career. After the ending of "Operacija trijumf", almost all the contestants expressed a will to take part in the Eurovision Song Contest; Brajić, Gogov, Paunović and Sarić were finally united in a rock band, and confirmed they are taking part in the Beovizija 2009.
Present.
In January 2009, the group was officially formed. In the band's interview for "Blic" magazine (published on February 17, 2009), Gogov said that, in the beginning, only Paunović was for the band, but that the rest of them soon changed their minds.
Their song, "Blagoslov za kraj", was written and produced by Universal Music. The band said, in their interview for "Blic" magazine (February 17, 2009, issue), that they have become great friends and they are happy to be together in a band. Brajić said that the audience should not expect a boy band such as the Backstreet Boys, but a rock band.
The OT Band was an opening act at the concert of James Blunt in Belgrade

</doc>
<doc id="21593106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593106" title="Al Maqal Railway Station">
Al Maqal Railway Station

Al Maqal Railway Station is the main train station in Basrah. It links the rail network of the south to Baghdad and the north of Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="21593122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593122" title="James A. Redden">
James A. Redden

James Anthony "Jim" Redden Jr. (born March 13, 1929) is a judge and politician from the U.S. state of Oregon. Since 1980, he has served as a District Court Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Oregon; he took Senior Status in 1995. Before appointment to the bench, he was a trial attorney, and a career Democratic politician, serving as a legislator and in two of the state's constitutional offices, Treasurer and Attorney General. As a politician, he was a key figure in some of Oregon's most groundbreaking legislative initiatives, including brokering the deal which brought passage of the state's 1967 public beach access law. Many of the cases he has heard in his quarter of a century on the federal bench gained national attention, often sparking controversy, including his dismissal of the 1975 guns and ammunition charges against American Indian Movement leader Dennis Banks, and his more recent 2005 and 2006 decisions halting the Bush administration's plans to reduce spillway flows on the Columbia and Snake rivers, flows which environmentalists and indigenous tribes have criticized as devastating to the salmon runs. The federal courthouse in Medford, Oregon, where he practiced law for 17 years, was renamed by an Act of Congress in his honor. He and his wife, Joan, make their home in Beaverton, Oregon and have two adult sons: Jim, a reporter for the "Portland Tribune", and Bill, a public defender.
Early life.
During the days of the Great Depression, Jim Redden was born in Springfield, Massachusetts, the third child of James A. Redden, Sr., a dentist, and his wife, Alma. He spent his early childhood in their home on Bronson Terrace at the Eastern edge of Forest Park, where for a time, his father also maintained his dental office
During what he would later describe as a "mediocre" high school career, Redden enlisted in the Army in 1946, as World War II was coming to an end, serving two years as a PFC in occupied Japan. He was assigned as a hospital medic, and witnessed the aftermath of the bombing of Hiroshima firsthand.
After discharge from the service, he married his high school sweetheart, Joan Johnson, in 1951, and he took several low-end jobs, including working coding survey sheets for the Gillette Razor Company, but managed not only to earn a belated high school diploma, but went on to Boston College and its School of Law, graduating with an LL.B. in 1954, and was admitted to the Massachusetts bar the same year.
After engaging in the private practice of law in Massachusetts for only a year, the young attorney moved with his wife and young sons to Portland, Oregon in 1955 to take the Oregon State Bar exam and a position with a title insurance company. His work as a title examiner lasted only one year, followed by an equally brief tenure as a claims adjuster for Allstate Insurance Company. Neither position satisfied what he would later describe as a growing passion for the law, and particularly as it plays out in the courtroom.
Redden and his family would make their home for the next seventeen years in Medford, Oregon, where he built a law practice. He became immersed in politics, quickly becoming regarded as one of the Democratic Party's "rising stars."
Legislative career.
It was as a favor to a friend seeking a challenger to the incumbent Republican for the 19th District in the Oregon House of Representatives, that Redden entered his first political race in 1962. He won the race, and served for six years in the House, becoming the party Minority Leader in 1967.
In 1969, Redden moved to the executive branch, becoming chairman of the Public Employee Relations Board until 1972. From 1973 to 1976, he was the state treasurer, and from 1977 to 1980 he was the attorney general of Oregon.
Judicial career.
Redden was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on December 3, 1979, to a new seat on the United States District Court for the District of Oregon created by 92 Stat. 1629. He was confirmed by the United States Senate, and received his commission, on February 20, 1980. He served as chief judge from 1990 to 1995, and then assumed senior status on March 13, 1995. However, he continues to remain active as a judge in senior status.
Since 2003, Redden has emerged as a central figure in the tension between industry and environmental concerns about the Hydroelectric dams on the Columbia River. He has rejected two management plans advanced by the federal government of the United States, on the grounds that they fail to protect various species of salmon, as required by the Endangered Species Act, and has suggested that if the Bush administration failed to adequately address the salmon issue, management of the dams could fall to the courts. In November 2011, he announced he would remove himself from the case prior to a new plan from the government would be presented in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21593134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593134" title="Cultural impact of Noël Coward">
Cultural impact of Noël Coward

A prolific playwright and successful actor and director, Noël Coward has had a significant impact on culture in the English-speaking world. "Time" magazine said that he had a unique "sense of personal style, a combination of cheek and chic, pose and poise".
Coward wrote over 50 published plays and many albums of original songs, in addition to musical theatre (including the operetta "Bitter Sweet"), comic revues, poetry, short stories, a novel and three volumes of autobiography. Books of his song lyrics, diaries and letters also have been published. Some of his plays, such as "Hay Fever", "Private Lives", "Design for Living", "Present Laughter" and "Blithe Spirit", have entered the regular theatre repertoire. His stage and film acting and directing career spanned six decades, and his cabaret performances were very popular in the 1950s and 1960s. Coward won an Academy Honorary Award in 1943 for his naval film drama "In Which We Serve". Many of Coward's plays were adapted for film.
Coward was knighted in 1969 and was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. A statue of Coward was unveiled by the Queen Mother in the foyer of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1998. The Noël Coward Theatre in St Martin's Lane, originally called the New Theatre, was renamed in his honour in 2006.
Critical reputation and legacy.
The playwright John Osborne said, "Mr Coward is his own invention and contribution to this century. Anyone who cannot see that should keep well away from the theatre." Kenneth Tynan wrote in 1964, "Even the youngest of us will know, in fifty years' time, exactly what we mean by 'a very Noel Coward sort of person'." "The Times" said of him, "None of the great figures of the English theatre has been more versatile than he," and the paper ranked his plays in "the classical tradition of Congreve, Sheridan, Wilde and Shaw". In praise of his versatility, another admirer said, "There are probably greater painters than Noël, greater novelists than Noël, greater librettists, greater composers of music, greater singers, greater dancers, greater comedians, greater tragedians, greater stage producers, greater film directors, greater cabaret artists, greater TV stars. If there are, they are fourteen different people. Only one man combined all fourteen different labels – The Master."
A symposium published in 1999 marked the centenary of Coward's birth and listed some major productions of Coward shows scheduled for the year in Britain and North America, including "Ace of Clubs, After the Ball, Blithe Spirit, Cavalcade, Easy Virtue, Hay Fever, Present Laughter, Private Lives, Sail Away, Song at Twilight, The Young Idea" and "Waiting in the Wings", with stars including Lauren Bacall, Wendy Craig, Fenella Fielding, Derek Griffiths, Rosemary Harris, Michael Jayston, Penelope Keith, Anton Lesser, Geraldine McEwan, Ian McKellen, Marie McLaughlin, Corin Redgrave, Greta Scacchi, Juliet Stevenson and Elaine Stritch. Tim Rice said of Coward's songs: "The wit and wisdom of Noël Coward's lyrics will be as lively and contemporary in 100 years' time as they are today," and many have been recorded by Paul McCartney, Sting, Elton John, Robbie Williams, Pet Shop Boys, The Divine Comedy, Vic Reeves, Ian Bostridge, Damon Albarn, Michael Nyman, and others.
Parodies and popular culture.
Depictions.
Coward is depicted in several plays. He was played by Guy Henry in the Afternoon Play of 4 May 2007, "The Master and Mrs Tucker", by Roy Apps, which told of Coward's friendship with Edith Nesbit (played by Ann Bell). "Marvellous Party", a comic play about a middle-age reunion in Las Vegas of Coward and his collaborator Esmé Wynne-Tyson, by her son Jon Wynne-Tyson, was broadcast by the BBC World Service in May 1994, starring Stanley Baxter as Coward and Dorothy Tutin as Wynne-Tyson. Coward is the leading figure in Jeremy Kingston's comedy, "Making Dickie Happy", also featuring Agatha Christie and Louis Mountbatten (the 'Dickie' of the title), first staged at the Rosemary Branch Theatre in London in September 2004. "Two Old Queens", by John Senczuk, is a musical comic duologue between Coward (or his spirit) and the Queen Mother at the unveiling of the statue of Coward in Poets' Corner. The piece has been touring in Australia since 2007. A play about the friendship between Coward and Marlene Dietrich, called "Lunch with Marlene", by Chris Burgess, ran at the New End Theatre in 2008. The second act presents a musical revue, including Coward songs such as "Don't Let's Be Beastly to the Germans".
He is also portrayed in several films and in television and radio shows. He was played by his godson Daniel Massey in the 1969 film "Star!" and by David Benson) as a regular character in the fifth and sixth series of the award-winning BBC sitcom "Goodnight Sweetheart". In the episode "Meltdown" of the BBC comedy "Red Dwarf", Coward appears as a wax-droid on a theme park planet. In a 1989 TV film about James Bond creator Ian Fleming, Coward was played by Julian Fellowes. Coward is portrayed by Guy Siner in the 1991 episode "Royal Flush" of the BBC comedy "You Rang, M'Lord?". Marcy Kahan's Noël Coward quintet for BBC Radio 4 dramatises Coward as a detective in "Design For Murder" (2000), "A Bullet at Balmain's" (2003) and "Death at the Desert Inn" (2004), and as a spy in "Blithe Spy" (2002) and "Our Man In Jamaica" (2007). The cast of the quintet includes Malcolm Sinclair as Coward, Eleanor Bron as his secretary and Tam Williams as Cole Lesley.
The 2002 "Doctor Who" novel "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" features a version of Coward who has allied himself with alien poodles and gained time travel technology. Other characters based on Coward include Beverly Carlton in the 1939 Broadway play "The Man Who Came to Dinner". Reginald Gardiner played the same character in the 1942 film of the play). In the 1982 film "Better Late than Never", David Niven played Nick Cartland, an aging cabaret artiste, whose showpiece is "I've Been to a Marvellous Party".
Uses and cultural references.
Uses, homages and parodies of Coward's music and writings include a Monty Python parody, the "Penis Song", used in their 1983 movie, "The Meaning of Life" and in their album "Monty Python Sings" as "Penis Song (Not the Noël Coward Song)", sung in the persona of a Noel Coward-style lounge singer. Coward's dialogue style was lampooned in the recurring sketch "Fiona and Charles" in the radio show "Round the Horne". Coward's play "Private Lives" is parodied in the off-Broadway musical revue "Secrets Every Smart Traveler Should Know" in a short scene entitled "Private Wives". The 2007 video game BioShock features three of Coward's recordings: "Twentieth Century Blues", "World Weary" and "The Party's Over Now".
The opening to the song "The Lady Is a Tramp" includes the line "Alas, I missed the Beaux Arts Ball, and what is twice as sad I was never at a party where they honored Noël Ca-ad (Coward)". In the Ian Dury song "There Ain't Half Been Some Clever Bastards", the lyrics include: "Noël Coward was a charmer/As a writer he was brahma/Velvet jackets and pyjamas/Had a gay divorce and other dramas." In the episode "Back in the Red" of "Red Dwarf", Lister refers to Kryten as sounding "like Noël Coward's elocution teacher". In the episode "Spin" of "House M.D.", Stacy comments on an argument between House and Mark by saying: "My goodness, it's like watching Oscar Wilde and Noël Coward in the third grade." In the (1969) English film "Kes", a man inquires about his interest in Coward's autobiography, "Present Indicative". The name of the men's clothing line 'Godspeed the Well-Dressed Man' came from the closing of one of Coward's letters.

</doc>
<doc id="21593150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593150" title="The Heist (Derren Brown special)">
The Heist (Derren Brown special)

The Heist is a 2006 British Derren Brown television special that aired on Channel 4. In the special, Brown purports to use the cover of a motivational seminar and documentary to see if he can persuade four members of a group of thirteen businessmen and businesswomen to steal £100,000 in what they believe is a genuine "armed robbery" of a bank's security guard (using a realistic-looking toy gun). 
The special was filmed over two weeks, during which Brown tells the viewer he has used various psychological tools, including conditioning, anchoring and suggestion, to get the group into a mental state in which they would willingly try to rob a security guard, without ever directly being told to do so. The anchoring supposedly involved creating an emotional state that combined feelings of invulnerability, euphoria and aggression, that was then tied to various stimuli, such as the colour green, the song "Can You Feel It" by The Jacksons, and the sight of a security guard uniform; which could then all be presented to the participants when it came time to perform "the heist". The participants were also asked to perform various deviant acts, such as stealing sweets from a store, which served both to condition participants to enjoy the feeling of criminality, and to identify the four members who would be most likely to perform the heist.
Production.
"The Heist" first aired on Channel 4 on 4 January 2006 at 9pm. It was Brown's fifth Channel 4 special.
Brown said that the show was inspired in part by "a vague distaste for the cult of selfishness apotheosised through self-help seminars".
Plot.
Motivational seminar.
Thirteen delegates are invited to an intimate seminar in a hotel in Hertfordshire apparently to learn some of Brown’s skills, after responding to adverts in the press. They had to be open responsive types who would respond well to his techniques; have no criminal record; fall into a typical middle-management income bracket or above; and be deemed psychologically robust enough by an independent psychologist to take part in the show.
Initially, Brown sets up tests to see how each of them react to different situations such as an irritating security guard hassling them on the way to dinner to see how they react to authority, and a maître d’hôtel presenting them with an unexpected bill after dinner and drinks.
During the actual seminar, he starts to focus them unconsciously on the idea of stealing while convincing them that they are learning real skills to keep them responsive and hungry. He triggers motivational states and attaches this to the trigger of rubbing their leg. Brown also uses suggestive language, such as describing the participants as "thought criminals", titling a slide in the presentation "Things to take away", and using the acronym "K.A.S.H." in another slide. The participants are given realistic toy guns, to encourage the feeling of criminality; they are also given a CD, which Brown says contains subliminal messages that they should listen to every day. The CDs are in fact blank, but they are meant to sow the belief that Brown can influence them without them being aware of it. 
The seminar ends with a group visualisation shifting the focus towards motivation and an attitude of "just do it" while Brown reiterates the language of criminality. He also transfers a rubbing leg trigger across to a piece of music, "Can You Feel It" by The Jackson 5 all under the backdrop of flashing green lights. Practicing this a few times means that just playing that piece of music will trigger a very emotional state in the subjects.
Stealing sweets.
The subjects are then persuaded to go across to a shop in Codicote High Street, Hertfordshire, and steal sweets, to reclaim a childhood attitude which is at the heart of the message. The aim is to make them cross the line into criminal and deviant behaviour but in a way that can be framed to sound fun and harmless. Purely because an authority figure has told them to, all but two of the delegates make the decision to walk into a shop, steal goods, and frame it as a positive experience for themselves. (Brown had arranged the experiment with the shop owner, although the shop floor staff had not been informed.) Following this exercise, four people are eliminated from Brown’s plans.
Milgram Experiment.
A week after the seminar, the nine remaining subjects are tested on the limits of their responsiveness to authority. They are organised to take part in what they think is a piece of unfilmed academic research at a university, supposedly looking into the effects of punishment on learning. In fact it was a re-enactment of the well-known Milgram Experiment, undertaken by Stanley Milgram in 1963 to look at how people can commit atrocious acts simply because they’re following orders. 
An actor pretending to be another participant joins each subject and the subjects are tricked into thinking they have chosen their roles as "teachers" in the experiment. The subjects observe the "learner" being instructed by the scientist (another actor) and having an electrode connected to their arm which is linked to a generator in the second room. 
The teacher is shown the generator in the other room, which ranges from 15V all the way up to a lethal 450V and then are shocked at a moderate 45V, to show the effects of this reasonably low voltage. The teacher asks a series of memory questions and incorrect answers from the learner receive an electric shock. The teacher is told to increase the voltage each time the learner gets a question wrong. 
However, responses were played by a pre-recorded CD which the teacher could hear coming from the other room, apparently showing the learner to be in agonising pain and pleading for the experiment to stop. The point is to see whether the teachers (subjects) will call a stop to the experiment or continue to the point where they are administering seemingly lethal electric shocks to the victim simply because the scientist is telling them to. After the experiment, each participant is told the true nature of the test, and that it was filmed for the show.
The results of Brown’s experiment were almost identical to those of the original - over 50% of participants continued up to 450V. Only one of the participants, Victoria, had heard of the experiment previously; she had refused to go on.
After the end of this experiment, Brown chooses the four participants who will take part in the heist, based on their behavior in the experiment and in previous tests. Two of the four participants he chose, Danny and Victoria, in fact refused to complete the experiment; Brown chose Danny anyway because his vocal refusal to go on indicated to Brown a "strength of character" that he felt would be helpful; and Victoria was chosen because Brown wanted at least one woman in the final group, and he felt that she was the best choice.
Final conditioning.
Meeting with the final four participants, Brown creates a feeling of aggression in them and attaches it to the trigger of a squeezed fist at a meeting in a café. Meanwhile, a green security van drives past the window.
The last stage before the heist is making the subjects believe that they have it within themselves to overpower a security guard and to know what to say and how to say it without thinking about it. Brown teaches them what he calls an esoteric martial arts exercise, where they are able to make one another fall using the mental power of "chi". (In reality the person made to fall does so due to the power of suggestion from Brown.) However, the people apparently pushing come to believe that they have a powerful and invincible state to tap into.
The heist.
On the morning of "the heist", the four subjects are individually told to travel into London for a final motivational session. They are each picked up in a car, and while in the car, each one individually gets a phone call from Brown, who delivers the following message, full of suggestion phrases: "Make that decision to steal yourself. And grab that opportunity to make all this work really pay off. It's just about standing in the way of security and life and making it do what you want it to do. You're the one with the weapon of absolute unquestioning power." They are then dropped off at the end of Gresham Street and told to walk up the street to the meeting place. They had been told to bring their toy guns with them. The whole area had actually been cordoned off to the public and was supervised by the police.
On the street a half-painted green fence can be seen, as well as a large advert for tights (featuring the rubbing of a leg, to try and trigger the extremely motivated state, that Derren had taught them to induced by leg rubbing) with the slogan "Do it...go on – steal yourself". As each subject walks up the street, a car drives past blaring out the loud trigger music ("Can You Feel It"). They approach a parked green security van and the security guard (an actor) is given the cue to cross the road from the Bank of England holding two boxes containing £50,000 each. The subjects react as follows:
A large group of helpers and camera crew, hidden around various street corners, rushes in to intercept each subject after their respective experience, regardless of whether a hold-up occurred or not.
After filming, all four subjects were de-programmed of any temporary criminal inclinations, spending time with both Brown and an independent psychologist. The three participants who performed a hold-up are shown stating positive things about their experience, although it is unclear whether these were taped before or after the heist itself. To end the show, Ally says: "Stealing sweets is one thing, but stealing boxes of money from the Bank of England is a completely different kettle of fish."
Reaction.
"The Heist" faced some controversy during its airing. John Beyer, chairman of media watchdog Mediawatch-uk, called the show "a waste of public money and a valuable waste of police officers' time". He also accused it of "glamourising crime".
In a later interview, Brown stated of the experience, "It was shocking, actually, how easy it was."
Brown stated that the four final participants were all pleased with a screening they saw after the show had been entirely taped; and that he and Danny afterwards "became good friends".
In a Channel 4 viewer poll for "Derren Brown night" on 8 January 2011, "The Heist" was revealed to be the viewers' (as well as Brown's) favourite Derren Brown special.

</doc>
<doc id="21593162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593162" title="Sejny Synagogue">
Sejny Synagogue

The Sejny synagogue is a former synagogue in Sejny, Poland, also called the White Synagogue in Sejny.
History.
The large, Neo-baroque style building on Pilsudskiego Street was erected in the 1860s, replacing an older building. It was used by the Nazis as a fire station, the interior was gutted and all furnishings were destroyed. It was restored - with a plain, modern interior - in 1987 and now serves as a cultural center, theater and museum.
Called the "Borderland Foundation", (Fundacja Pogranicze,) the foundation and its cultural ceenter are dedicated to the cultures of the region, Polish, Lithuanian, Belarusian, Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian. The Foundation was the Polish publisher of by Jan T. Gross. A Klezmer band is based at the cultural center.
The nineteenth century yeshiva building also survives, and is also used by the Borderland Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21593182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593182" title="1992 Saab International – Singles">
1992 Saab International – Singles

Sergi Bruguera was the defending champion but was forced to retire in the final losing 7–5, 3–0 against Jordi Arrese.

</doc>
<doc id="21593199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593199" title="Bulgaria–Slovakia relations">
Bulgaria–Slovakia relations

Bulgaria–Slovakia relations are foreign relations between Bulgaria and Slovakia. Both countries had diplomatic relations for the first time between 1939 and 1945. Bulgaria recognized Slovakia on December 23, 1992. Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 1, 1993. Since February 1994, Bulgaria has embassy in Bratislava. Since June 1994, Slovakia has embassy in Sofia.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="21593202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593202" title="2003 Liberty Bowl">
2003 Liberty Bowl

The 2003 AXA Liberty Bowl, played on December 31, 2003, was the 45th edition of the Liberty Bowl. The game was played between the Utah Utes, and the Southern Mississippi Golden Eagles, in front of 55,989 fans.

</doc>
<doc id="21593205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593205" title="M7 grenade launcher">
M7 grenade launcher

The M7 grenade launcher, formally Rifle Grenade Launcher, M7 was a 22 mm rifle grenade launcher attachment for the M1 Garand rifle which saw widespread use throughout World War II and the Korean War. The M7 was a tube-shaped device, with one end slotting over the barrel of the rifle, the other end holding the grenade in place. Blank cartridges were loaded into the rifle prior to firing. When fired, the expanding gases generated by the cartridges propelled the grenade forward with considerable force. The M7 could fire grenades up to , compared the maximum of achieved by hand grenades.
Fragmentation, anti-armour and smoke grenades were available for the M7.
Development.
When the United States entered World War II in 1941, all infantry were issued with the Mk 2 fragmentation hand grenade. Owing to its hand-thrown nature it had limited range of and could not be used against armored targets. To keep its weight down it had to have a small charge, with a fatality radius of just . For longer ranges rifle grenade attachments were available for the M1903 Springfield (M1 grenade launcher) and M1917 Enfield (M2 grenade launcher). These rifles were limited standard, however, and had all but replaced by the new service rifle, the M1 Garand, by 1943. To rectify this, U.S. Army Ordnance designed a new launcher attachment for the M1 Garand, designated the M7, which could fire much heavier grenades up to 250 yards. M7 compatible fragmentation grenades had a fatality radius of . It entered production and service in 1943.
Design details and employment.
The M7 grenade launcher was a tube shaped device. One end fitted onto the barrel of the M1 Garand rifle enclosing the muzzle and was held in place with the rifle's bayonet lug. The other end was cylindrical with a small clip that held the grenade in place by friction. To launch a grenade, a special high powered blank cartridge made specifically for the purpose (the .30-06 Springfield M3 Grenade Blank) was inserted into the rifle. Using markings engraved onto the device to determine the desired range, the rifle grenade was slipped over the launcher and held in place by the clip. When fired, the resulting expanding gases propelled the grenade a considerable distance depending on the grenade type, the vertical angle that the rifle was held, and how far the grenade was positioned onto the launcher. Since the device disabled the semi-automatic function of the rifle to prevent damage to the gun from firing grenades, the rifle could not be fired normally when the M7 launcher was in place, although, the gun could be fired in an emergency as a single action. Fragmentation, anti-armor and smoke grenades were available along with an adapter to enable the use of hand grenades. Three M7 grenade launchers were issued to each rifle squad.
The M7 series grenade launcher came with accessories. The M15 auxiliary sight was mounted on the left-hand side of the stock. A spirit level allowed the user to figure out the arc of the weapon to aid in aiming the grenade. A rubber recoil boot (part # B200968) could be slipped on the butt of the Garand's stock to reduce recoil when it was fired.
The M8 grenade launcher was similar except it was designed to be mounted on the M1 carbine and used the .30 Carbine M6 Grenade Blank. The recoil could crack or break the stock.

</doc>
<doc id="21593219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593219" title="Crisis in the Population Question">
Crisis in the Population Question

Crisis in the Population Question ("Kris i befolkningsfrågan") was a 1934 book by Alva and Gunnar Myrdal, who discussed the declining birthrate in Sweden and proposed possible solutions. The book was influential in the debate that created the Swedish welfare model.
Work on the book.
In the spring of 1931, Swedish economist Gunnar Myrdal and Alva Myrdal wrote an article on Social Policy and Demography. The article was supposed to be published in the Swedish Social Democratic magazine Tiden, but it was never completed. The article, instead, became the cornerstone of the book "Crisis in the Population Question" which was to be published three years later (1934). The manuscript of the article as well as of the latter book is missing. 
In early spring 1934, Alva and Gunnar Myrdal decided to return to this manuscript, to revise, update and expand it into book form. For this purpose, they rented a cottage in the Norwegian mountains. They worked out their theoretical differences and produced a manuscript originally titled "Demography and Social Policy". Gunnar was responsible for the historical, theoretical, economic and statistical sections, while Alva drafted chapters on families, children, and specific programmatic proposals.
Content.
The book deals with the consequences of continued low fertility in Sweden. Sweden was threatened by population decline and thus reduced productivity and standard of living. The authors advocated a series of social reforms in order to overcome this problem.
A large chapter is devoted to Malthusianism and neo-Malthusianism as they attack and criticize. They argued that less population growth was not needed but an increase of birth rate was and pointed out that if the fertility rate further decreased, "we would at the end of the 1970s have almost twice as many elderly people in relation to individuals in the working ages now", leading to serious supply problems. In this context, "a positive population policy should not focus on getting a few poor families to give birth to a very large number of children, but to persuade the majority to give birth to, say, for example, three children". 
The occasion of the book was the birth of fewer children, economically and in terms of unsustainable housing for families. The authors proposed intelligent natalism in which families with children should be supported by various reforms such as free medical care, free school lunches, child benefit, more and better housing, affordable housing and subsidized rent. The idea was that both parents could work outside the home and that the prevailing patriarchal family system (professionals father, homeworking mother) must be revised substantially through a program of social engineering. If children were placed in some kind of institution with trained staff while parents work, that would have a positive economic impact as well as educational benefits to each individual child.
A very serious housing issue resulted in overcrowding and low-quality housing, particularly to poor children growing up in environments that could lead to "physical and psychological harm".
Sterilization was also discussed and somewhat supported.
However, one can see the whole issue of forced sterilization in the future context. Many other Western European countries, including Germany, Britain, Switzerland and the Netherlands, had similar programs, as well as the US, Australia and Canada. Sweden's neighbors had a sterilization law at that time, Denmark (1929), Norway (1934) and Finland (1935).
Influence.
Among the most prominent intellectuals in 1930s Sweden belonged to the couple Alva Myrdal (Nobel Peace Prize, 1982) and Gunnar Myrdal (Nobel Prize in Economics, 1974). Their political ideas and research efforts played a major role in the design of welfare policy in the welfare state time. In the book was formulated the radical reform demands for a community-oriented family policy an issue that caused a lively debate.
Background.
The economic situation in the early 1930s was serious. A recession had hit the Western world, and one million people were jobless. In the winter of 1932-1933, 200,000 people were unemployed in Sweden, and working families were especially hard hit, with one-third of children estimated to have been malnourished at the time. Birth rates fell sharply and were the lowest in the Western world. In inner-city apartments were 1930 instance, only 34% had a bath.

</doc>
<doc id="21593236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593236" title="CA129">
CA129

CA129 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21593241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593241" title="Chamba, Abbottabad">
Chamba, Abbottabad

Chamba is a village in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°2'0N 73°6'0E with an altitude of 725 metres (2381 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="21593253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593253" title="Merchants Insurance Group">
Merchants Insurance Group

Merchants Insurance Group, a regional property and casualty insurance company headquartered in Buffalo, New York, has been offering financial protection to individuals and businessowners since 1918. The company provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance throughout the Northeast and North Central United States. The company has regional offices in Hauppauge, New York; Manchester, New Hampshire; Moorestown, New Jersey.
Merchants Insurance Group comprises three companies: Merchants Mutual Insurance Company, Merchants Preferred Insurance Company, and Merchants National Insurance Company. Merchants Preferred commenced business in 2007 to rebuild and expand its preferred-risk business after the sale of a like subsidiary, and Merchants National commenced business in 2009. Each of the Merchants companies are rated “A-” (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company.
Merchants employs 323 insurance professionals throughout its operating territories, and works with more than 675 independent insurance agents. The company offers insurance in Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Vermont.
History.
Merchants Insurance Group was founded on March 5, 1918, the day Merchants Mutual Liability Company opened for business with Urban F. Jehle as President. Mr. Jehle, owner and operator of a grocery store in Buffalo, returned from a grocers’ convention with the idea of bringing merchants together for the mutual protection of their delivery vehicles. J.R. Young, a local insurance man, Owen B. Augspurger, a Buffalo lawyer, and C.W. Brown, a civil engineer, joined with him.
In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the company name was Merchants Mutual Casualty Company. In February 1957, Merchants began to offer both casualty insurance and property insurance and changed its name to Merchants Mutual Insurance Company to reflect this development. In the 1960s the company moved into its current headquarters, a five-story office building located on Main Street in Buffalo.
Philanthropy.
Merchants Insurance Group supports a variety of charitable causes for organizations in the communities in which it does business, most notably The United Way, American Cancer Society, National MS Society, and Hospice. The company’s employees are constantly active with community initiatives and give many hundreds of hours of volunteer time every year.
In addition to Merchants' direct financial support to many charitable organizations, Merchants also sponsors an employee-based committee known as Colleagues in Action (CIA). Colleagues in Action allows Merchants employees to participate in a variety of activities, raffles, auctions, and casual days, the proceeds from which are donated to charitable groups. In 2008, both Merchants and the CIA donated more than $100,000 to different charities in the communities in which the company operates.
Products.
Merchants offers a broad line of products for commercial and personal insurance. The commercial lines products accommodate large and small retail operations as well as artisan contractors.
Merchants' insurance products are split into two broad segments:
Customer Service.
Merchants recently reorientated its service model around independent agents’ perspectives whereby service is tailored and delivered according to the agents’ needs (“customer focused”). This approach to service is referred to as “outside in”, as opposed to more typical “inside out” company orientations to customer service. The concept of "outside-in" was borrowed from the software industry, where "outside-in software development" has enjoyed broad and growing popularity.
In support of the “outside in” service model, Merchants also restructured its back office processes and computer systems to provide its agents with accurate and immediate “real time” information about their mutual clients (policyholders and claimants). The "outside-in" approach to agent service has been an important factor in Merchants' revenue and profit growth over the past five years, as it has been for other organizations outside of the insurance industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21593269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593269" title="Cry Woman">
Cry Woman

Cry Woman () is a 2002 Chinese film directed by Liu Bingjian. It was Liu's third feature film and like his previous two films, "Incense" and "Men and Women", "Cry Woman" was not given permission to screen in China. 
"Cry Woman" stars the Beijing Opera star Liao Qin in her first film role.
Despite being banned in China, the film was screened at several international venues, including the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival held in the Czech Republic and in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
Wang Guixiang (Liao Qin) and her husband (Li Longjun) are a migrant couple living in Beijing. Wang is eking out a career selling pirated DVDs when disaster strikes and police confiscate her DVD stocks, and her husband is arrested after getting into a fight over a mahjong game. Forced to return to Guizhou, she meets an old boyfriend (Wei Xingkun), who suggests she take a job as a professional mourner. Surprisingly, Wang finds herself very good at her new job as a "cry woman" and soon discovers that her talents are very much in demand.

</doc>
<doc id="21593273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593273" title="Bulgaria–Sudan relations">
Bulgaria–Sudan relations

Bulgaria and Sudan established diplomatic relations on July 1, 1956. In 1967, Bulgaria sent the first Bulgarian ambassador to Khartoum. The activities of the Bulgarian embassy in Khartoum were terminated in April 1990, and later reestablished in March, 2005. In 2006 the General Consulate of the Sudan, in Sofia, Bulgaria has been upgraded to the rank of embassy.
Bilateral agreements.
Bulgaria and Sudan signed an agreement of September 18, 1967, providing for mutual recognition of scientific degrees, and other academic credentials, between the two countries; an agreement on March 1, 1969, to ease visa requirements for citizens of one nation to visit the other; an agreement on December 29, 1970 for aviation communication between the two nations; and a maritime agreement between Bulgaria and Sudan, reached on November 13, 1970. [http://www.sudansof.org/HistoryDip.htm]. In 2002, Bulgaria and Sudan signed an agreement of reciprocal recognition of most favored nation status, and an agreement on reciprocal investment promotion and protection.
Bulgaria was one of the first countries which recognised (in 1956) Sudan's independence, at which time relations were established. The two nations have cooperated on industrial and agricultural products. Pilots from Bulgaria annually do crop dusting to assist Sudan's cotton farms. In April 2002, trade agreements were executed in Khartoum between the Bulgarian and Sudnaese governments.
According to Abdullahi Hamad al-Azreg, Consul General from the Sudan to Bulgaria, six thousand students from the Sudan were educated in Bulgarian universities from the 1950s through the 1990s. Two thousand Bulgarians lived in the Sudan in 2004. Between 1997 and 1999, the Bulgarian consortium Balkan constructed roads in Sudan, and negotiations were made in 2002 to settle the remaining $1.3 million in debts owed.
Military assistance.
In 2000, Sudan and Bulgaria had signed an agreement of several hundred million dollars for the export of Bulgarian weapons and military equipment to the Sudan, including mobile missile launch pads and shoulder-held anti-tank missiles.
In 2002, the manufacturer Beta, located in Cherven Bryag, had begun the export of 122mm self-propelling cannons to the Sudan, and continued to do so after the United Nations imposed an embargo upon military trade by member nations to Sudan. Although Bulgaria nominally supported the embargo, the exports of Beta cannons continued, with the cannons being declared as "spare parts for construction vehicles". Beta managed to export goods worth half a billion US dollars until the violations were exposed in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21593287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593287" title="Aurora Hotel (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Aurora Hotel (Worcester, Massachusetts)

The Aurora Hotel is a historic hotel building at 652-660 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The six story Classical Revival building was built in 1898 for Charles Stevens, son of a Worcester businessman, who was a lawyer and major landowner in the city. It features decorative carved stone panels, bay windows with pressed metal ornamentation, and a pressed metal cornice.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has since been converted to apartments.
Aurora Gallery.
The Aurora Gallery is a contemporary art gallery operated by ArtsWorcester in the Aurora Hotel. 

</doc>
<doc id="21593299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593299" title="Cuarteto Patria">
Cuarteto Patria

Cuarteto Patria is one of the leading musical groups in Santiago de Cuba. It was founded in 1939 by Francisco Cobas la O (Pancho Cobas), director, with Emilia Gracia, Rigoberto Hechaverría ("Maduro") and Rey Caney (Reinaldo Hierrezuelo la O). The original style was traditional trova, with boleros and some música campesina (countryside music). In due course, the members and the music changed. By far the greatest change was the arrival of Eliades Ochoa, who has proved to be an inspired choice. 
Ochoa was invited by Cobas to become leader in 1978, and, before accepting, he got agreement to introduce new musical works into the repertoire. At that time Cobas continued with the group, and Hilario Cuadras and Amado Machado joined. Ochoa introduced the son as the staple diet of the group, and beefed up the percussion to balance the guajiro content with an African element. Even more important was his personal qualities. He is a truly outstanding acoustic guitarist, with a warm singing style. For all that, it took a long time for music lovers outside Cuba to hear about the group. Here the Buena Vista experience played a decisive part. In the series of CD albums that followed the film, Ochoa played an increasingly prominent part, and this was reflected in increased sales for the Cuarteto Patría albums, and in many foreign tours for the man and his group.
The group now consists of Eliades Ochoa (leader, vocals, guitar); Humberto Ochoa (second guitar, coro); Eglis Ochoa (maracas, güiro, coro); William Calderón (double bass); Roberto Torres (bongos, conga, coro). Others who have played on some albums include: former leader Franciso Cobas de la O (second guiter, coro); Aristóteles Limonta (d. bass, coro); Enrique Ochoa: (second guitar, coro); María Ochoa (voice); Aníbal Avila Pacheco (trumpet, claves); José Ángel Martínez (d. bass); ex-member of Cuarteto Patria, and tresero Rey Cabrera. Famous old-timers have recorded with the group include: Faustino Oramas (El Guayabero); Compay Segundo and Rey Caney, who led the group for a while in his younger days. The group is now dominated by the Ochoa family, and is expanded for recordings and tours as required.
The group has toured Guadeloupe, Martinique, Granada, Curaçao, Nicaragua, Brazil, Dominican Republic, USA (Carnegie Hall NY), Canada, Spain, France (Olympia de Paris), the Netherlands, Italy and Japan. In 2001 they were awarded the "Premio de la música de la Sociedad General de Autores y Editores de España" (SGAE) y la "Asociación de Intérpretes y Ejecutantes de España" (AIE) prize of the Spanish society of authors, editors and musical performers for the best album of traditional music.

</doc>
<doc id="21593321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593321" title="Víctor Anchante">
Víctor Anchante

Victor Raul Anchante Licht (born August 26, 1979, in Lima, Perú) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as defender. He currently plays for Sporting Cristal.
Profile.
Víctor Anchante started his professional playing career in Sporting Cristal (2000–2001),after that he played in Sport Coopsol from Trujillo two years more(2002–2003).In 2004 he joined to Universidad San Martin de Porres USMP in the first year of this team in the professional level, so he is one of the "founders" of this team. During the next two years he played in Club Coronel Bolognesi from Tacna (2005–2006). Finally he returned to his home, Club Sporting Cristal S.A. (2007–2009).

</doc>
<doc id="21593343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593343" title="Bancroft Commons">
Bancroft Commons

Bancroft Commons is an historic hotel structure at 50 Franklin Street in Worcester, Massachusetts that is now an apartment building. The building is landmarked under its old name, the Bancroft Hotel.
It was designed by Esenwein & Johnson in Beaux Arts style and was completed in 1912 at a cost of over $1.2 million. It was named for historian and politician George Bancroft. The nine story building has a steel frame, which is faced in brick trimmed with terracotta. In 1925 it was expanded in size by about 1/3 along Portland Street. Built at the height of Worcester's prosperity, it was one of the city's most opulent hotels. It was operated as a hotel until 1964.
The hotel was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It is currently tied as the 11th tallest building in Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="21593355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593355" title="Big Sean">
Big Sean

Sean Michael Leonard Anderson (born March 25, 1988), better known by his stage name Big Sean, is an American hip hop recording artist from Detroit, Michigan. Big Sean signed with Kanye West's GOOD Music in 2007, and then in 2008 signed with Def Jam Recordings. After releasing a number of mixtapes, Sean released his debut album "Finally Famous" in 2011. He released his second studio album "Hall of Fame" on August 27, 2013.
Life and career.
1988–2003: Early life and career beginnings.
Anderson was born in Santa Monica, California but moved to Detroit, where he was raised by his mother and grandmother. He attended Detroit Waldorf School and graduated from Cass Technical High School with a 3.7 GPA. Big Sean is often heard saying "west side" in his songs; he is referring to the west side of his hometown Detroit, Michigan. In his later years in high school, Sean gained a valuable relationship with Detroit hip-hop station WHTD; he would show his rhyming skills on a weekly basis as part of a rap battle contest held by the station. In 2005, Kanye West was doing a radio interview at 102.7 FM. Hearing about this, Sean headed over to the station to meet West and perform some freestyle. Initially West was reluctant to hear the emcee, however he gave Sean 16 bars to rap for him. According to Big Sean, West enjoyed his freestyle: "As we get to the entrance of the radio station ... we stopped in the middle of the doorway. He starts looking at me and bobbing his head,". After the freestyle, Sean left West his demo tape. Two years later, West signed Big Sean to GOOD Music.
2007–2010: Mixtapes and internet following.
On September 30, 2007, Big Sean released his first official mixtape "Finally Famous: The Mixtape". His hit single, "Get'cha Some", produced by WrighTrax, attained media attention and led to articles in "The Source" and the "Detroit Metro Times". He also recorded a music video for "Get'cha Some", which was directed by Hype Williams. Sean released a second mixtape hosted by Mick Boogie on April 16, 2009, called "UKNOWBIGSEAN". It featured the songs "Million Dollars", "Get'cha Some" and "Supa Dupa". This mixtape includes 30 tracks. Sean released a third mixtape hosted by Don Cannon on August 31, 2010 called "". Features include Bun B, Chip tha Ripper, Curren$y, SAYITAINTTONE, Tyga, Drake, Mike Posner, Suai, Chuck Inglish, Asher Roth, Dom Kennedy, Boldy James, and Chiddy Bang. The mixtape includes 20 tracks.
An unauthorized leak of his collaboration with Drake, called "Made" made its way onto the internet on April 30, 2010. In an interview with TheHipHopUpdate.com on May 1, Big Sean expressed his disappointment over the leak, calling it an unfinished version both musically and verse wise. Big Sean's official Facebook page confirmed that his debut album "Finally Famous" & Consequence's "Cons TV" would be released on September 14, 2010. On August 31, Big Sean tweeted that the album was not coming out on that day, but it would be coming out sometime in 2011.
2011–12: "Finally Famous" and mainstream success.
In an interview on Conspiracy Worldwide Radio, Sean discussed the role Kanye West and No I.D. have had in the development of his first studio album's sonic direction as well as the challenges of being inside the studio with West. The album's lead single, "My Last", features vocals from Chris Brown and was produced by No I.D. According to Amazon.com, Big Sean's "Finally Famous" was delayed by a week, with a tentative release date set for June 28. Big Sean has revealed the cover art for his G.O.O.D. Music debut and explained that the one-week pushback was to be blamed on sample and feature clearance issues. The official tracklist was revealed on June 7.
"Finally Famous", Sean's debut studio album, was released June 28, 2011, and spawned three hit singles; "My Last", "Marvin & Chardonnay" and "Dance (A$$)". The album featured guest appearances from Lupe Fiasco, John Legend, Pharrell, Kanye West, Roscoe Dash, Wiz Khalifa, Chiddy Bang, Rick Ross, Pusha T and included production from No I.D., The Legendary Traxster, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Xaphoon Jones and The Neptunes. When the songs "O.T.T.R." and "Flowers" were leaked in July 2011, speculation began of a new mixtape. Sean confirmed in an interview June 28, 2011 that a collaborative mixtape between him and "two other guys in hip-hop that are just killing it right now" will be released "in a couple of weeks". Wiz Khalifa and Curren$y, were the suspected featured rappers on the mixtape. However, Wiz Khalifa later confirmed that there would be no mixtape, claiming that the songs were created, "just for fun".
In September 2011, Big Sean confirmed in an interview with the "Daily Tribune" that he'll be working on his second album during the "I Am Finally Famous Tour" and plans to release the album sometime in 2012. On October 19, 2011, Kanye West announced on his Twitter plans for a Spring 2012 GOOD Music album release. On April 6, 2012, "Mercy", the lead single from the GOOD Music compilation album, "Cruel Summer", was released. The song, produced by newly signed in-house producer Lifted, features Big Sean along with Kanye West, Pusha T and southern rapper 2 Chainz. Big Sean then announced his fourth mixtape would be titled "Detroit" and would serve as a lead-in to his second studio album. He then began promoting the mixtape, releasing short versions of the songs on his YouTube page.
2012–present: "Hall of Fame".
Big Sean pushed back the release date of his second studio album "Hall of Fame", and was eventually released on for August 27, 2013. The album has skits to give it a "classic feel", and includes features from multiple artists, including Lil Wayne, Jhené Aiko, Nas, Kid Cudi, Nicki Minaj, Juicy J, Young Jeezy and Miguel. The album's production was primarily handled by No I.D., and Key Wane along with additional production from Hit-Boy, Da Internz, Mike Dean, Travi$ Scott, Xaphoon Jones and Young Chop among others. Big Sean also stated in an interview that he was in the studio with fellow Detroit native Eminem. Sean went on to say they made a "Detroit classic" but he is unsure if it will be on "Hall of Fame" because of "timing issues". "Hall of Fame" had spawned five singles, "Guap", "Switch Up" featuring Common, "Beware" featuring Jhené Aiko and Lil Wayne, "Fire", and "Ashley" featuring Miguel.
A month prior to the album's release, Big Sean told "Complex" that he had already begun work on his third album due to the inspiration from his new relationship.
Personal life.
Big Sean dated his high school girlfriend Ashley Marie from the time he was sixteen until their break-up in early 2013. He subsequently began dating actress Naya Rivera, whom he first he met over Twitter; their relationship became public in April 2013, though Big Sean told "Complex" that they had been dating for a while beforehand. Big Sean and Rivera announced their engagement in October 2013, but subsequently ended the engagement in April 2014. 
Style and clothing.
In late October 2008, Big Sean was featured in "The Source" and headlined the "Style" section of the magazine. In the article Sean talks about his own personal style and states that his favorite clothing brands are 10 Deep, Billionaire Boys Club, and Bape. Big Sean has posed in the Winter 2008 Billionaire Boys Club lookbook,
and is a consistent representative of Ti$A clothing and hats, along with Chris Brown and Tyga. He also has an endorsement deal with Adidas through which he has released his own "Detroit Player" line of sneakers and is a follower of the Rosewood clothing style.
Legal issues.
On August 4, 2011, Big Sean was arrested for sexual assault at a concert in Lewiston, New York. On October 26, 2011, Big Sean pleaded guilty to second degree unlawful imprisonment, and was fined $750. The charges of third-degree sexual abuse were dropped. Big Sean's attorney, Scott Leemon, stated that Big Sean "...did not engage in any type of sexual misconduct.”

</doc>
<doc id="21593357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593357" title="Alfred Wesmael">
Alfred Wesmael

Alfred Wesmael (11 February 1832, Saint-Josse-ten-Noode - 9 November 1905, Nimy) was a Belgian professor of botany. His outstanding work in taxonomy saw him invited to become Visiting Professor at the University of Washington.
He worked as a "répétiteur" of courses in botany at the "Ecole d’horticulture de Vilvorde", later being named director of the botanical gardens in Mons. At Mons he was also director of the "Société d’Agriculture, d’Horticulture et de Zoologie". In 1867, with Daniel Rapin (1799–1882), he participated in plant collection activities in Switzerland.
His taxonomic findings were mainly published in the "Bulletin de la Société Royale de Botanique de Belgique". His treatment of the genus "Populus" was included in Candolle's "Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis". 

</doc>
<doc id="21593362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593362" title="Takeshi Koba">
Takeshi Koba

Takeshi Koba is now the manager of Tokyo International University's baseball team and was formerly a professional baseball player and manager in Japan.
Early life.
He was born on April 22 in 1936, in Kumamoto city in Japan. Because baseball was popular in the city, he started playing it when he was in a primary school. Soon he dreamed of becoming a professional baseball player.
In 1952, he went on to Seseiko high school, which had a good baseball team. The next year, he participated in the Koshien tournament, which is the national tournament of the high school baseball. After he graduated from high school, he went on to Senshu University but soon after his entering university, his father died. In order to make up for the deficit in the living expenses of his family, he left the university and obtained a job. At the same time, his dream took on a financial overtone as well since baseball players' salaries were very high.
In 1958, three years after he started working, with the help of the manager of his team, he became a professional baseball player of the Hiroshima Carp.
Career as player.
In 1958, he became a professional baseball player of the Hiroshima Carp, a Japanese professional baseball team belonging to the Central League, with the uniform number 29. In 1959, his second year as a professional baseball player, his uniform number was changed from 29 to 1 and he secured a regular position at shortstop. He continued to be a regular player until 1968.
In 1963, he participated in the all-star game for the first time and in the regular season he was a leading contestant for the leading hitter, together with Shigeo Nagashima, who was the main batter of the Yomiuri Giants, another Japanese professional baseball team. However, in the final phase of the baseball season, he was hit by a pitch in the face and was sent to a hospital. As a result, he ended in the second place with a batting average with .339, which was his best record. After the year, he came to be afraid of inside pitches and therefore he remained in a long slump in batting. Instead, he found a means of survival in his ability for base running, especially steals.
In 1964 and 1968, he led in the number of steals in the Central League, which the Carp belongs to. The focus on base running later had a great influence on his own strategy as manager.
In 1970, he was traded to the Nankai Hawks, which was also one of the Japanese teams but belonged to the other league, the Pacific League. In 1971, he retired and was appointed as a coach.
Career as manager.
After working for two years as the Hawks' coach and for one year as the Carp's coach, he was　assigned in 1975 to the manager post of the Carp because Joe Lutz, who was the manager at the time, left the team in April, during the baseball season. That year, he led the Carp to become the league champion for the first time in the team's 26 year-long history. He has said that during the year there were mysterious　events around him. For example, blue birds, which are considered the symbol of happiness in Japan, came to his birdcage.
In 1979, 1980 and 1984 he led the team to win the league championship again and moreover to win the Japan championship. As of 2009, he is the only manager who has led the Carp to win the Japan championship. At the end of the season of 1985, he left the team.
As a manager, he put special emphasis on base running. For the 11 years he was the manager, the number of the steals made by the team in one season exceeded 100 11 times. Also, he trained "utility players", players who can serve as both an infielder and an outfielder, in order to make the best use of a limited number of players. In addition, he requested that the owner of the team build indoor training rooms, which did not exist in the　world of Japanese baseball in those days. With them, players can train even on rainy days. As a result of these policies, during the 11 years he led the Carp, the Carp became the top-class, which means the first place, second place or third place, nine times, the league champion four times, the Japan champion three times.
In 1987, he assumed the manager of the Taiyo Whales, which was another Japanese professional baseball team, on a five-year contract because he was thought highly of as a result of his work with the Carp. However, he retired from the post at the end of the season of 1989 because he could not bring the team to the top-class.
The 873 wins as a manager put him into the 14th place of the ranking table for all the managers of Japanese professional baseball teams.
After retirement from professional baseball.
After he retired from the manager post of the Whales, he became a baseball commentator,　and also the chairman of the International Boys Baseball Association Japan, which has been working to popularize baseball in countries in which baseball is not so popular as Japan. In 1999, he was selected as a member of the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame, which admits people who have rendered distinguished service to the world of Japanese baseball.
Since February 2008, he has been the manager of the baseball team of Tokyo International University. As there had been no ex-professional manager serving as the manager of the baseball team of a university for 61 years, his adoption of the manager
role at the university was reported in not only sports newspapers but also some general newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="21593365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593365" title="Alma Dayer LeBaron, Sr.">
Alma Dayer LeBaron, Sr.

Alma Dayer LeBaron, Sr. (March 15, 1886 – 1951) was a Mormon fundamentalist who was the father of a number of leaders and church founders in Mormon fundamentalism.
LeBaron was generally known as 'Dayer LeBaron' and was the grandson of Benjamin F. Johnson. who was a confidential secretary and part-time business partner to Joseph Smith, Jr., the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement
LeBaron was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) until he was excommunicated on February 17, 1924 for practicing plural marriage. LeBaron made a written request for permission to return to the church on March 24, 1934, but he died in 1951 without ever being readmitted to the LDS Church.
LeBaron’s childhood was spent in Mesa, Arizona, living not far from his grandfather Benjamin F. Johnson. He later moved to Colonia Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico, to continue his education and there met his first wife, Barbara Baily. Married in 1904, they had one son. However, LeBaron’s religious beliefs soon alienated his wife who left him, taking their child and moving to Salt Lake City to be with her mother.
Moving back to Utah, LeBaron met Maude Lucinda McDonald and the two were wed in 1910. Together they had thirteen children, five girls and eight boys. In 1923, Dayer approached Nathan Clark who performed his sealing to Onie Jones. The following year both he and his wives were excommunicated “for violative conduct,” the LDS Church disciplinary council being held at La Verkin, Utah, Onie Jones’ hometown. In response, LeBaron and his two wives and eight children moved back to Colonia Juarez where he sought work as a painter and doing odd jobs and was described as an “energetic” and “hard-working” man. Purchasing a “fixer-upper” home, he rebuilt it little by little as his families expanded. Onie bore six children and eventually separated herself and her children from LeBaron and his fundamentalist activities.
Children.
LeBaron's 8 sons with Maud McDonald were Benjamin Teasdale LeBaron, Ross Wesley LaBaron, Alma Dayer LeBaron Jr., Floren LeBaron, Verlan LeBaron, Joel F. LeBaron and Ervil LeBaron. At various times, 7 of them would claim to hold lofty priesthood callings and offices like "The One Mighty and Strong," the Presiding Patriarch in all the world, or a previously unheard-of office like The Right of the Firstborn.

</doc>
<doc id="21593366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593366" title="Retreat Syndrome">
Retreat Syndrome

"Retreat Syndrome" is a 1965 short story written by Philip K. Dick. The story contains some common Dick themes such as a questionable reality and drug use. It was first published in Worlds of Tomorrow Science Fiction and can be found in the collections The Preserving Machine, 1969, The Preserving Machine and Other Stories, 1977, "We Can Remember It For You Wholesale", 2000 and "The Eye of the Sibyl and Other Stories", 2004.
Plot summary.
The story follows John Cupertino, a man seemingly under medical care, and his quest to find the truth behind the memory of him killing his wife. 
It begins as Cupertino is caught speeding by police officers who suspect he may be on the drug 'Frohedadrine' and suggest that he probably believes he is not on Earth but is in the midst of a drug-induced guilt-fantasy and is actually at home on Ganymede. Cupertino disputes this and states he knows he is on Earth but is concerned that something strange is happening to him. To prove this he reaches out with his hand towards the dashboard. His hand disappears within the heavily-padded dashboard. The officers see this and contact Cupertino's full-time doctor, Dr. Hagopian. Cupertino tells the officers he believes this is happening because of the death of his wife, Carol.
Cupertino then has a conversation with Dr. Hagopian in which he tells the doctor that the reason he killed his wife was to stop her from telling the media that there was to be an uprising to free Ganymede. Dr. Hagopian gives Cupertino an address where he says Carol is currently living. Cupertino says this cannot be, as she was unmistakably dead after he left her, shot between the eyes with a laser beam. The doctor tells Cupertino he knows this is his detailed memory, but convinces him to go anyway, saying that Carol was there the night he killed her and therefore may be able to tell him how he obtained his false memory.
Cupertino arrives at Carol's address in Los Angeles at 6 in the morning. She invites him in and gives him coffee. He says she doesn't look a day older, even though the last time he saw her was three years ago. She tells him that the night he tried to kill her he received no false memory but was aware he failed in killing her. He apparently was offered by the district attorney a choice of mandatory psychiatric help or formal charges for attempted murder. She tells him the false memory was implanted after he visited Dr. Edgar Green, the psychologist at his employer, Six-Planet Educational Enterprises, just before he left Ganymede, and they did this because they knew he had told her of the planned uprising and he was supposed to commit suicide from remorse and grief but instead booked passage to Terra (Earth).
Cupertino speaks to Dr. Hagopian while at Carol's and tells him he believes he is actually a prisoner on Ganymede and what he is experiencing at Carol's is an illusion. Hagopian tells him this is not true, he is actually on Terra but is not a free man for the fact that he must remain a patient of his as part of the District Attorney's orders. Cupertino tells Hagopian that he has learned Carol is employed by the parent company of Six-Planet Educational Enterprises, Falling Star Associates. He believes she was sent down to earth as a watchdog to see that he remained loyal and would not tell of the proposed uprising on Ganymede. Hagopian tells Cupertino that this cannot be the case as the uprising happened three years ago and is a matter of historical fact. Ganymede and two other moons overthrew Terra and became self-governing in the Tri-Lunar war of 2014.
Cupertino returns to his apartment and contacts Dr. Edgar Green of Six-Planet Educational Enterprises. He requests his case history be sent to him. He comes to the conclusion that they could easily tamper with the file in order to hide any procedure of memory implant. He receives the file and finds that it contains no reference to the implant. He sends the file off for analysis and requests a blood fraction test from Dr. Hagopian for traces of Frohedadrine. The doctor tells him this would not matter; if he still believes the theory that he is a prisoner on Ganymede, then all these things would be illusory too. Hagopian tells Cupertino that Carol is actually a prisoner on Ganymede and that is where he visited her. She is imprisoned because she told Terra of the planned revolt. The doctor tells him that the guilt of him telling Carol and causing the Terra to be alerted of the revolt by Ganymede caused him to retreat into a fantasy world. He tells the doctor that to test his memory of killing Carol, he will return to Los Angeles and try and kill her again. If she is already dead then it will prove impossible.
The story continues in Hagopian's office, with Cupertino looking through the Los Angeles Times, searching for the story of the recent murder of his wife. His search is in vain, as Hagopian tells him that he was not permitted to go to Los Angeles because the authorities knew he planned violence. Cupertino tells him he is sure he killed her, walking into her office and shooting her with a laser while her co-workers watched. Hagopian says he now has a delusional memory of killing her twice now. The doctor calls Carol to prove this on a video phone. When Cupertino sees Carol on the display and she acknowledges him, he asks to return to his apartment. On the way home he admits to himself there are gaps in his logic but realizes he could try once more to kill her. He directs his car to Los Angeles to where he believes his wife will be sleeping.

</doc>
<doc id="21593374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593374" title="1979 Tel Aviv Open">
1979 Tel Aviv Open

The 1979 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1979 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix. It was the inaugural edition of the tournament and was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel. The tournament was held from October 8 through October 13, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21593400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593400" title="Wilhelm Trabandt">
Wilhelm Trabandt

August Wilhelm Trabandt (21 July 1891 – 19 May 1968) was a Brigadeführer (Brigadier General) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. 
He also served in World War I and because of this service held the Iron Cross I & II class in both the 1914 and 1939 versions.
Early life.
August Wilhelm Trabandt was born in Berlin, Germany on the 21 July 1891. He served in World War I and was awarded the Iron Cross I & II class and the Wound Badge.
Between wars.
In May 1936, Trabandt volunteered to join the SS-VT (SS service number 218.852).
World War II.
At the start of World War II, Trabandt was the commander of the III. Battalion, Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler Regiment. He took part in the Polish Campaign and was awarded the Iron Cross II class in September 1939.
He was also involved in the Battle of France. He has been given the credit for designing the Leibstandarte insignia in 1940, after the campaign in France had ended. The insignia was a picklock that opens all doors, (a reference to the performance of the LSSAH in the battle of France) and it was also the name of the regiment's commander Sepp Dietrich: dietrich means picklock in German.
Trabandt was disgraced at the end of the Battle of France. When trying to cross the border back into Germany, he was stopped at the customs post who discovered a large quantity of French wine bottles. Facing accusations of smuggling, he was posted to the 1 SS Infantry Brigade.
The 1 SS Infantry Brigade was used on anti partisan duties and also took part in the extermination of the Jewish population of the occupied territories in the Soviet Union.
He was given command of the SS Panzergrenadier Regiment 39 in March 1943, and took over command of the Brigade in September 1943. As the brigade commander he was awarded the Iron Cross I class in September and the German Cross in Gold in October.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 6 January 1944, just before the Brigade was disbanded and used to form the cadre of the 18th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division "Horst Wessel". Trabandt was given command of the Division and remained in command until April 1945.
Post war.
Trabandt survived the war and became a captive in the Soviet Union for the next nine years and released in 1954.
He died on 19 May 1968, in Hamburg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21593412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593412" title="Chamba, Mansehra">
Chamba, Mansehra

Chamba is a village of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located at 34°44'35N 73°38'15E with an altitude of 2571 metres (8438 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="21593419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593419" title="Holy See–Serbia relations">
Holy See–Serbia relations

Holy See–Serbia relations are foreign relations between the Holy See and Serbia. Both countries established diplomatic relations in March 1919. The Holy See has an embassy in Belgrade. Serbia has an embassy to the Holy See in Rome.
The Holy See has decided to withhold recognition of Kosovo as part of an agreement with Russia and the Russian Orthodox Church, and this has led to a warming of Vatican-Serbia relations. Otherwise, relations have often been difficult because of the Holy See's good relations with Croatia in difficult moments of Serbia's history.

</doc>
<doc id="21593429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593429" title="Babcock Block">
Babcock Block

The Babcock Block was a historic commercial building at 600 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in the 1860s, it was a rare example of granite construction in the period. The Main Street facade of the five story building was constructed out of granite blocks, while that facing Austin Street was of pressed brick.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished to make way for construction of the Sky Mark Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="21593448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593448" title="Trevoa">
Trevoa

Trevoa is a genus of actinorhizal plants; these dicotyledon flora are trees or small shrubs. The genus was first proposed by Miers in 1825, but was not fully described until 1830 by Sir William Jackson Hooker. Genus members are notable for their ability to fix nitrogen. Species of this genus are generally found in the near coastal forests and arid shrubland of South America. Some species are localized in the mountains of central Chile; for example, the species "Trevoa trinervis" occurs in the La Campana National Park and other proximate areas of central Chile.
Along with some related plants in the family Rhamnaceae, they fix nitrogen via root nodules which contain "Frankia" bacteria. Other nitrogen-fixing genera in this family include "Ceanothus", "Colletia", "Discaria", "Kentrothamnus" and "Retanilla".
Species.
The botanist Karl Friedrich Reiche, publishing in the years 1894–1911, recognized 6 species. "Trevoa quinquenervia" Gillies & Hook., which has also been classified as "Talguenea quinquenervia", is currently the only accepted species in the genus. "Trevoa trinervis" Miers is now considered a synonym of "Retanilla trinervia" (Gillies & Hook.) Hook. & Arn. 

</doc>
<doc id="21593464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593464" title="Operation Cobra order of battle">
Operation Cobra order of battle

This is the order of battle for Operation Cobra, a World War II American offensive against German forces in Normandy, France.
American order of battle.
US First Army.
Lieutenant General Omar Bradley commanding
Note: During the operation, American units involved were sometimes referred to as "Cobra Command".
German order of battle.
Seventh Army.
SS-Obergruppenführer Paul Hausser

</doc>
<doc id="21593473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593473" title="Leonhard Euler Telescope">
Leonhard Euler Telescope

Leonhard Euler Telescope, or Swiss 1.2-m Leonhard Euler Telescope, is a diameter aperture reflecting telescope at the Geneva Observatory at La Silla Observatory. It is used for astronomy, and runs the CORALIE echelle spectrograph to search for planets. Its first planet discovery was of one in orbit around Gliese 86. It was determined to be a 4MJ planet with an orbital period of 15.8 earth days. In addition, many other extra solar-system planets were discovered or examined after this discovery.
The observatory is operated by the University of Geneva of Switzerland since the telescopes was finished in 1998. The telescope is named for famous mathematician Leonhard Paul Euler.
The Euler 1.2 and the Mercator Telescope were part of the Southern Sky extrasolar Planet search Programme which has discovered numerous extrasolar planets.

</doc>
<doc id="21593483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593483" title="Gustavo Ott">
Gustavo Ott

Gustavo Ott (born Caracas, Venezuela, 1963) is a playwright and journalist. 
Ott received a B.A. in Mass Communications from Andrés Bello Catholic University in 1991; was participant in the International Writing Program of the University of Iowa (1993), the Residence Internationale Aux Recollets in Paris (2006) and Cité Internationale des Arts de Paris Residency (2010).
Biography.
Career.
Is recipient of numerous playwriting awards, including: 
In 1988 “Teatro Cinco” was published in Venezuela with the plays "Los peces crecen con la luna"(1983, "Red Sky At Night") "El Siglo de las luces," (1986) and "Passport" (1988), which explores the loss of identity due to arbitrariness and lack of communication. Ott’s stage premiere, by the group TextoTeatro, came in 1989 with “Divorcées, Evangelists, and Vegetarians”, a comedy about women’s friendship. Other comedies followed, such as "Apostando a Elisa" (1990) and "Cielito lindo" (1990).
The 1991 premiere of “Pavlov: Two Seconds Before the Crime”, showcased Ott’s hallmark “cruel and unusual humor”, GALA’s (Washington, D.C.) production of this play in 1995, under the direction of Abel Lopez, marked Ott’s debut on the American stage.
During those years, Ott wrote plays with social issues for wide audiences, with pieces like “Whoever Said I was a Good Girl? (1992), a play on youth gang violence, also produced in the U.S. by GALA. With “Good Girl…” Ott founded the Teatro San Martín de Caracas (TSMC), while that same year Madrid’s Cuarta Pared inaugurated its Lavapies Theater with “Passport", directed by Javier Yagüe. 
“Linda gatita” (“Minor Leagues”) also opened that year, chronicling the search for affection in relations between North and South America. “The Very Thought of You” (Quiéreme Mucho) followed at TSMC (1993), with parallel stories of immigration and love in two different generations symmetrically structured as an Escher painting. It opened in Caracas in 1994 directed by the author.
In 1996 Avispa Editorial (Madrid) published two volumes with six plays covering Ott’s early work. In 1997 "Las piezas del mal" was published in Caracas, collecting "Pavlov; 2 Seconds Before Crime", (1986) a play about crime, media and conditional reflexes; "Gorditas” (“Fat Chicks”, 1993) a play for a female cast on the subject of ambition, and "Corazón pornográfico" (1995), a comedy that analyzes crime in a style that ranges from realism to comic book. In 1996 Ott began his most important group of plays to that date, which he called “Pentagram,” comprising five plays in what he dubbed “the Latin American macabre style.”
These include "Comegato,” (1997) a work on the dilemma between decency and crime, stage in Caracas in 1998 directed by the author; "Fotomatón” (1995), an autopsy of the Latin American soul, stage in Caracas in 1999 directed by the author; “80 Teeth, 4 Feet & 500 Pounds” (1996), an epic piece on the subject of guilt; “Tres esqueletos y medio” (1997), a play on the macabre intersection between transcendence and the criminal present, stage in Caracas in 2000 directed by the author; and “Miss” (1999) an epic piece on Latin American ambition, stage in Caracas in 2002 directed by the author.
Consolidation.
In 2002 Casa de América in Madrid published "Dos amores y un bicho”(“Two Loves and a Creature”), a play that inaugurated a new period in Ott’s style, with few ties to his previous work, particularly in its use of form, subject and language. This play about hatred was quickly translated to English, French, German, and Creole, and premiered in Caracas in 2004, under direction of the author. As "Deux amours et une petite bette”, the play opened in December 2003 in Lyon, France. That year, Ott’s one-man show “Bandolero y malasangre,” (Brigand et Filou) translated by Françoise Thanas, premiered in Potiers, France by Scene Nationale and later opened in Catalan by the group Diverbia in Valencia, Spain. Conjunto (Cuba) published the play in 2004.
In 2002 and 2003 was chosen to participate in the “New Work Now!” program at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in New York, with "80 Teeth…” and “Two Loves and a Creature," both translated by Heather McKay, as well as the Playwriting Program of La Mousson D’Ete in France and "La Mousson a Paris" in the Comedie Française, with “Photomaton”, translated by Françoise Thanas and directed by Michel Didym. 
Also in 2004, in Santander, Spain, “Your Molotov Kisses”, a play on the interrelation of intolerance and terrorism, was published. “Molotov” premiered the same year in the Teatro Cuyás of la Palma on Grand Canary Island, sand also in Argentina (CELCIT, 2006), and has been performed in Mexico (Teatro Xola, DF, 2006), Portugal (AL-MaSRAH Teatro, Algarve), Washington, D.C. (GALA, 2008), Colombia (Teatro Nacional, 2008), California (Teatro de las Américas, 2008), Caracas (2009) and participate in the The Kitchen Dog Theater of Dallas as part of its “New Plays” stage reading program in 2007. 
In 2005 “Deux amours et une petitte Bette” was presented again in the Studio of the Comedie Française, also translated by Thanas, under the direction of Vicent Colin (Lecture Semaine de la Caraïbe). “Photomaton” was published in France by Les Solitaires Intempestifs de Paris.
In 2006 Ott opened his first comedy in 10 years, "Pony", on deception and the election process. That same year, the Quartiers D´Ivry program in Paris presented “Deux amours…” and “Photomaton”, stage readings directed by Elizabeth Chailloux. “120 Lives minute”, a piece on catastrophe and the meaning of art and country, premiered in Caracas, under direction of the author in 2007, following the English production at Ohio Northern University, directed by Otto Minera.
In 2008 Spain’s Asociación de Autores de Teatro published “Monstruos en el closet, ogros bajo la cama” (“Monsters in the closet, Ogres Under the Bed”), a piece on the victims of 9/11, while Mexico’s Paso de Gato published “Passport” in its “Cuadernos de Dramaturgia Internacional”. That same year, Lagoudera Publishers in Athens published“Your Molotov´s Kisess” translated by Stamatis Polenakis and “Chat” (2008), a play about collective perversity in virtual communication, translated by Stamatis Polenakis, D. Siuva, Cleopatra Eleotriviari, S. Cufopulu, A. Sarafi, C. Tsocalidu and I. Lasopulu.
“Chat” opened at the Teatro San Martín de Caracas in April 2009, while GALA’s Tivoli Theatre saw the premiere of Ott’s musical “Mummy in the Closet: The Return of Eva Perón”(2008), on the beginnings of the macabre and the dirty war in South America. “Fotomatón” was included in the Performing Arts Marathon 2009 of Teatro IATI in New York, and “Your Molotov´s Kisess” and “Pony”, both directed by John Rodaz were performed in both Spanish and English at the Arena Stage in Miami. 
In 2009 under the direction of Tlaloc Rivas, CUNY staged a reading of “Miss and Madame” (2008), which explores hatred and admiration during the twentieth century through the rivalry between Helena Rubenstein and Elizabeth Arden. This play has been translated to English and French and was premiered at the Teatro San Martín de Caracas in 2010, winning Best Play Award (Premio Municipal de Teatro-Dramaturgia). Also, in French, "Miss and Madame" (“Mademoiselle et Madame”) was presented at Limoges Festival (Limosin, Francia, 2010), and selected to participate at the Mardis Midi Program by Theatre du Rond Point in Paris (2011) both directed by Daniel Gouchard.
Recent years.
In 2010 he received the 3rd BID Award "Hispanics in the USA" for "Juanita Claxton", (2007) translated into English by Heather Mckay, a play about the necessity of being rescued using 2005 hurricane Katrina as metaphor. In 2011 "Lírica" (2010) was premiered at the Teatro San Martín de Caracas, a play about poetry and friendship as an antidote for hatred and violence.
Also, in 2011, Monte Avila Editores published his first fiction novel: "Yo no sé matar, pero voy a aprender", (I don´t know how to kill, but I will learn). As a novelist he also won the "Salvador Garmendia Fiction Novel Award 2011" for "Ella no merece ninguna piedad"
Meriwether Publishing in the U.S. has published selections from Ott’s plays in English translated by Heather McKay in “Audition Monologs for Student Actors” (1999); International Plays for Young Audiences (2000); “Audition Monologs for Student Actors II” (2001) and “New Audition Scenes and Monologues from Contemporary Playwrights: The Best New Cuttings From Around the World” (2003, 2005 and 2007).
Ott has won other awards, including: 
Since 1990, he won six Municipal Theater Awards (Caracas, Venezuela), including Best Director in 1998.
Ott’s plays have been translated into English, Portuguese, German, French, Danish, Greek, Russian, Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Japanese, Galician, Catalan and Creole.

</doc>
<doc id="21593489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593489" title="1980 Tel Aviv Open">
1980 Tel Aviv Open

The 1980 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1980 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel and was held from October 6 to October 12, 1980. It was the second edition of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21593495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593495" title="Peter Baker Three-Decker">
Peter Baker Three-Decker

The Peter Baker Three-Decker is a historic triple decker at 90 Vernon Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built c. 1902, it is a well-preserved example of a gambrel-roofed Colonial Revival three-decker. It was built as part of a wave of speculative development on the city's east side. It was built by Peter Baker, owner of a local manufacturing company, as well as numerous other nearby properties.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21593513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593513" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2004">
Miss Universe Nederland 2004

The Miss Universe Nederland 2004 pageant was held on March 2, 2004. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2004 .
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21593520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593520" title="Haripur, Bangladesh">
Haripur, Bangladesh

Haripur is a town in the Barisal Division of Bangladesh. It is located at 23°6'0N 90°59'0E with an altitude of 3 metres (13 feet). Most of its people are Muslim. There are many mosques here and most men like to attend on Fridays. The weather is almost always damp but sunny which leads to dried up mud and slippery surfaces.
There is another village named Haripur in Chatmohar Upazila of Pabna District in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="21593525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593525" title="Ricky King">
Ricky King

Ricky King (born March 12, 1946 in Rastatt, Baden-Württemberg) is a German guitarist. His singles "Verde" and "Le rêve" reached the top ten in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21593535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593535" title="Lens Records">
Lens Records

Lens Records is a Chicago based record label founded by Robert Hyman to support and distribute the works of artists who preferred to work with a smaller, artist driven label. The label has released a variety of work in different genres.
Combining a love of music and a fascination with the endless possibilities of experimental music – Lens Records seeks to establish itself as an open-minded outlet for artists who may not have an opportunity to release their music on any other label. Lens seeks artists who have a passion for creating music they love and the determination to endure and overcome the obstacles they face in presenting that music to the world.

</doc>
<doc id="21593546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593546" title="Altia Business Park">
Altia Business Park

Altia Business Park is a technology park developed by Grupo Karims, a multinational corporation with core businesses in textiles and real estate and with operations in Asia, North America, Central America and the Caribbean.
Altia Business Park is a Class A sustainable business park in the region providing infrastructure to companies.

</doc>
<doc id="21593555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593555" title="Henri Eduard Beunke">
Henri Eduard Beunke

Ir. Henri Eduard Beunke (Middelburg, 14 September 1851 – Amersfoort, 11 February 1925) was a Dutch writer, known for his literary regionalistic work set in his home province of Zeeland.
Born and raised in the provincial capital city of Middelburg, he spent his childhood summers in Domburg due to his fragile health. While there, he grew familiar with the local culture and dialect that would later form the primary inspiration for his work, most of which is set on Walcheren and written in Zeelandic. Though writing was never his sole profession–he studied at Delft University of Technology and became an engineer–he produced over fifteen short stories and novellas over a period of thirteen years, before abruptly giving up writing at the age of 35.

</doc>
<doc id="21593558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593558" title="Biathlon World Championships 2009 – 12.5 km Pursuit Men">
Biathlon World Championships 2009 – 12.5 km Pursuit Men

These are the official results of the Men's 10 km Sprint event at the Biathlon World Championships 2009 in Pyeongchang, Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21593566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593566" title="Raffaello Baldini">
Raffaello Baldini

Raffaello Baldini (Santarcangelo di Romagna, 1924 – Milan, 2005) was an Italian writer and poet. His "Ad nòta" (1995) won the Premio Bagutta.
Biography.
In the immediate postwar period, the young poets from Santarcangelo gathered at the Caffe Trieste, the bar owned by Baldini's parents. These students rechristened the bar "the Circle of Wisdom". This gave Baldini the opportunity of getting to know Tonino Guerra, Nino Pedretti, Gianni Fucci, Flavio Nicolini, Rina Macrelli and other artists from the neighbouring countryside. 
He graduated in philosophy from the University of Bologna then spent some years teaching.
In 1955 he moved to Milan to work as a writer, and then as a journalist on Panorama (a magazine that started in 1962). In 1967 he published "Autotem" with Bompiani, a short opera satirising how cars are seen as a fetish. He self-published a collection of dialectical poetry "É solitèri" in 1976 in Imola. He published "La nàiva" (the snow) in 1982. He won the Viareggio Prize in 1988 with "Furistír" and the Bagutta Prize in 1995 with "Ad nòta".
He also wrote for theatre. He wrote a monologue "Zitti tutti!", published by Ubulibri in 1993. Ravenna Theatre produced the show "Furistír", directed and adapted by Marco Martinelli, which was created as a fusion of eight collections of Baldini's poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="21593577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593577" title="Duc du Maine (slave ship)">
Duc du Maine (slave ship)

The Duc du Maine (along with the Aurore) was a slave ship which brought the first African slaves to Louisiana on June 6, 1719 from Senegambia.
Voyages.
The ship could carry 500 to 600 slaves. Several voyages have been documented in the "Trans Atlantic Slave Database."
First voyage.
The first documented slave voyage (Voyage 32884) was in 1719 under Capt. de Lauduoine. began at Port Louis, France. Slaves were purchased at Whydah, and landed at Biloxi. Other sources state that after three months at sea, the first landing occurred at Dauphin Island with 250 slaves. The voyage ended in Lorient, France.
Second voyage.
The second voyage, (Voyage 32851), under Capt. N. Roseau with 349 slaves, arrived in March 1721. The voyage also began in France, but the slaves were purchased in the Bight of Benin, and disembarked on the Gulf Coast.
Third voyage.
The third voyage (Voyage 33116) under Capt. A. de Lavigne carried slaves from 
West Central Africa and St. Helena to Martinique, arriving Jan. 14, 1727. Of 491 slaves, 431 were alive to disembark at Martinique. 42 out of 91 crew members died en route.

</doc>
<doc id="21593593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593593" title="Emory Bannister House">
Emory Bannister House

The Emory Bannister House was a historic house at 3 Harvard Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Built in 1847, the four bay wood frame Greek Revival house was one of the first to be built after Harvard Street was laid out. It was built for Emory Bannister, a local politician.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was demolished in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21593606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593606" title="1981 Tel Aviv Open">
1981 Tel Aviv Open

The 1981 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel and was held from October 5 to October 12, 1981. It was the third edition of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21593628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593628" title="Petty John's Cave">
Petty John's Cave

Petty John's Cave is a karst cave located in Walker County, Georgia on the east side Pigeon Mountain in the Appalachian Plateau of Northwest Georgia. It has a surveyed length of 31,490 ft and reaches a depth of 235 ft. The cave is accessible via a path from a gravel parking area on the side of Rocky Lane. Out of the 242 listed, it is 119th longest cave in the United States as declared by the Georgia Speleological Survey.
Petty John's Cave is a very popular cave for local students and spelunkers. It is a horizontal cave, but a 50 ft handline is the recommended kit when visiting the cave. Petty John's cave is a wild cave, not a commercial cave, and one should only enter with the proper equipment and training, e.g. three sources of light, water, a helmet, boots, and appropriate clothing. Many would-be explorers are injured here each year. Those interested in exploring this cave and others should contact a local caving club, or grotto. Some of the best grottoes in the country are located very near Petty John's Cave. Grotto members are involved in conservation, cave rescue, and exploration. You can find more information at the National Speleological Society's website.
Passageways.
It starts with an easy climb down into a large breakdown passage. A handline is recommended for the climb down to the stream level. One of the most popular and most challenging of passages in the cave is the Worm Tube. The Worm Tube is a long 150 ft crawl. It is a very tight passageway and unavoidable if venturing to the Echo Room and beyond. Other intriguing passageways include the Mason-Dixon Passage and the Pancake squeeze. When going to the waterfall or Raccoon Room, the stream canyon passages and the Z bends can be an alternate route to the Pancake Squeeze.
Do not use or trust any ropes or lines left in the cave. Please also help this much abused cave by not damaging formations and packing out trash.
Destinations.
The Bridge Room is a good place to take a rest. You can hang your legs over the edge and listen to the stream that is 80 ft below. The Worm Tube leads to the Echo Room, which is the biggest room of the cave. The Volcano Room is shaped like a large funnel and it leads to the stream passage and the sump. The Over-Under Room and the Signature room are also other popular destinations of the cave.
Formations.
Formations in Petty John's Cave include: Stalagmites that are a type of speleothem that rises from the floor of a limestone cave due to the dripping of mineralized solutions and the deposition of calcium carbonate. Stalactites are also found in the cave. These formations hang from the ceiling or wall of the cave. There are also pillars, soda straws, cave pearls, flowstones, and cave popcorn are other formations in the cave. In addition, waterfalls can be found in the stream passage section.
Wildlife.
Little Brown Myotis Bats, or mouse-eared bats occupy caves during their winter hibernation because temperatures are low but remain above freezing. Their food consists entirely of insects such as small beetles, moths, and gnats.

</doc>
<doc id="21593631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593631" title="Wen Yunsong">
Wen Yunsong

Wen Yunsong, also known as Winston Wen () is a Chinese businessman and current CEO of Unihub Global Networks, a Chinese networking company. He is the son of former Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and thus a princeling with opportunities for profit not available to common people. Mr. Wen was a principal of New Horizon Capital, a private equity fund. He received his MBA from the Kellogg School of Management.

</doc>
<doc id="21593636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593636" title="Lindale Mill">
Lindale Mill

The Lindale Mill is located in a small town of Lindale in Northwest Georgia.
History.
In 1896 Massachusetts Mills opened a new mill in Lindale, Georgia. The mill produced 1/7 of all textiles in Georgia. 1,393 people were employed by the mill in 1903. In 1926, the mill was sold to Pepperell Manufacturing Company, giving the community and the school the name, Pepperell. At the time the country was in the middle of a debate on child labor. Children as young as twelve (some say nine) were working the same weaving and spinning machines as adults were and at the same conditions that the adults were. Many people thought that the children should not be working at the conditions that they were. In 1931 a few mill employees built a wooden star lined with lights to hang between the two smoke stacks at Christmas, starting an annual tradition in Lindale. The star has been hung between the two smoke stacks every year during the Christmas Holidays.
Closing of the mill.
The mill closed on September 24, 2001 . The closing occurred due to cheaper labor overseas, dealing a blow to the economy of the Lindale community. In 1933 a few mill employees built a wooden star lined with lights to hang between the two smoke stacks at Christmas, starting an annual tradition in Lindale. The Lindale Star has been hung between the two smoke stacks every year during the holidays. Passed owners allowed the star to still hang between the two smoke stacks during the Christmas Holiday but since stopped in 2004. The mill has since been sold once more to its current owners a family from Seattle Washington. The new owners are working with Restore Lindale to continue the tradition by building a new Star to hang between the stacks in Dec 2013. The mill is no longer being torn down the cleaned up of the site has began.

</doc>
<doc id="21593642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593642" title="Triumph Bonneville T100">
Triumph Bonneville T100

The Bonneville T100 is a motorcycle designed and built by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd in Hinckley, Leicestershire, UK.
Development.
Triumph launched the first new Bonneville for 15 years, the Bonneville 790, at the Munich Motorcycle Show in September 2000, with a 360° crankshaft parallel-twin engine. The T100 Bonneville, styled by John Mockett and David Stride, was launched as an uprated version initially with the 790 cc engine, and from 2005 with the 865 cc engine introduced on the 2004 Thruxton, and fitted to all Bonnevilles from 2007. The designation comes from the top speed of and it is sold as part of Triumph's "Modern classics" range. The engine features double electrically heated carburettors. Triumph added an air injection unit near the spark plug to achieve emission regulations introduced in 2007. For 2008 the T100 (like all Bonneville based models) was further updated with fuel injection to meet new Euro 3 emissions legislation. As well as cleaner running than a carburettor engine, the fuel injected system is also easier to start from cold. To retain the 'retro' styling the fuel injectors are hidden behind throttle bodies designed to resemble carburettors.
Triumph 100th Anniversary Limited Edition.
2002 was the 100th anniversary of Triumph motorcycles (1902 was first year for Triumph) and for this special event Triumph planned to produce a limited number of centennial Bonneville T100s in a "Lucifer orange" and silver paint scheme. But on 15 March 2002, while in the midst of preparing for its anniversary, its main factory was destroyed by fire, crippling most of its manufacturing capacity. Only a handful of centennial edition T100s were produced in March 2002 before the fire, making them very rare. The remaining production run of centennial edition T100s were actually 2003 models that were built after the factory was repaired from the fire damage; these remaining T100s had to be 2003 year models as it was after September 2002 (into the 2003 model production year) before production started again. Even combining the 2002 and 2003 bikes produced, there were only a few of these first-year modern T100 bikes manufactured. Although exact numbers were not disclosed, the factory had promoted a limited run of 500 total units.
Paul Smith signature series.
In 2006, designer Paul Smith personally designed a signature series. Nine Triumph Bonneville T100's were customised with one off paint schemes and used for display and promotion in Paul Smith designer shops. Although these were for sale through Paul Smith shops only, two of the original designs, the "Multi-Union" and "Live Fast" were put into limited production with fifty of each design produced. Each motorcycle was individually numbered and authenticated with a certificate, signed by Paul Smith and John Bloor.
Triumph Bonneville SE.
Launched at the Triumph dealer conference in July 2008, the 'SE' (for Special Edition) featuring matching speedo and tachometer, special polished alloy covers on a black engine, chrome Triumph tank badge, cast wheels, upswept silencers, shortened mudguards and a lower and narrower seat. The 2009 SE takes its cues from the 1979 T140D Special Edition, which was the first Triumph to feature mag wheels and electronic ignition.
Triumph Bonneville 50th Anniversary special.
For 2009, a 50th Anniversary Bonneville was developed based on the T100. A limited run of only 650 was produced, with each one individually numbered, a brass plate on the handlebar clamp and a certificate of authenticity, signed by John Bloor.

</doc>
<doc id="21593658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593658" title="Algeria–Serbia relations">
Algeria–Serbia relations

Algeria–Serbia relations are foreign relations between Algeria and Serbia. Both countries maintain diplomatic relations established between Algeria and SFR Yugoslavia in 1962, following Algeria's independence. Algeria has an embassy in Belgrade. Serbia has an embassy in Algiers.
History.
Between 1916 and 1919, a Serbian military cemetery containing the bodies of 324 Serbs was established Dély Ibrahim. At the time in several coastal towns and villages in Algeria were several French military hospitals where the wounded and exhausted Serbian soldiers were treated.

</doc>
<doc id="21593660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593660" title="HD 45364">
HD 45364

HD 45364 is a star approximately 107 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Canis Major. As of August 2008 there are two confirmed extrasolar planets orbiting around it.
Planetary system.
HD 45364 is one of only a relative few systems that have had more than one exoplanet discovered in its orbit. The two planets, HD 45364 b and HD 45364 c respectively, were both discovered in August 2008.
Formation scenario.
A detailed analysis of the formation scenario revealed that the previously reported orbital configuration might not be correct. The eccentricities are a factor of 4-5 too large to be consistent with standard planet formation theories [http://www.aanda.org/content/view/437/248/lang,en/]. This is the first time, that planet formation theory was able to predict new orbital parameters of a planetary system.

</doc>
<doc id="21593668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593668" title="Alexander Pearson">
Alexander Pearson

Alexander Pearson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21593670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593670" title="Marion Battelle Three-Decker">
Marion Battelle Three-Decker

The Marion Battelle Three-Decker is a historic triple decker residence at 13 Preston Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved and detailed example of a triple decker with Queen Anne styling. It is built with typical side hall plan, with a hip roof punctured by a gable dormer on the front facade. At the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, it included detailing such as decoratively bracketed eave, and its turret-like front bay window was decorated with alternating bands of patterned shingles. Since then the exterior has been modified by the application of modern siding, and these details have been lost or obscured.

</doc>
<doc id="21593681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593681" title="Víctor Ulloa (Peruvian footballer)">
Víctor Ulloa (Peruvian footballer)

Víctor Ulloa is a Peruvian football goalkeeper, who as of September 2011, played for Copa Perú club Carlos A. Mannucci.
In 2008 he was promoted to Sporting Cristal's first team.

</doc>
<doc id="21593690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593690" title="1983 Tel Aviv Open">
1983 Tel Aviv Open

The 1983 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts that was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel and was held from October 10 to October 15, 1983. It was the fourth edition of the tournament

</doc>
<doc id="21593711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593711" title="Cynthia Crawford (personal assistant)">
Cynthia Crawford (personal assistant)

Cynthia Crawford was the personal assistant to Margaret Thatcher. A member of the local Conservative party in Finchley, she was Thatcher's constituency assistant. She married Ray Crawford and lived in Worcester. She later helped run Thatcher's household throughout the latter's tenure as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and acted as her "confidante". She was known as "Crawfie" to the Thatchers.
Crawford has given several interviews about her experiences, including details of Thatcher's fondness for drinking spirits late at night and her use of B12 injections. According to Crawford Thatcher believed that whisky kept her alert, saying "Dear, you cannot drink gin and tonic in the middle of the night. You must have whisky to give you energy."
Thatcher told Crawford about her first meeting with then-governor Ronald Reagan, shortly after she had become Conservative party leader. Reagan had told her that he "intended to try and become President". Thatcher said to him, "I "am" going to become prime minister. 
Crawford was present at the death of Denis Thatcher, saying "I was holding Lady Thatcher's hand, and she was holding Sir Denis's hand when he died". She said "he was her absolute soulmate."
She has latterly lived as Lady Thatcher's friend and companion.
In the BBC drama "Margaret", Crawford was played by Jenny Howe and in the 2011 film "The Iron Lady" by Angela Curran

</doc>
<doc id="21593712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593712" title="Mouvement Jeunes Communistes de France">
Mouvement Jeunes Communistes de France

The Mouvement Jeunes communistes de France (MJCF), commonly called the "JC" (for Jeunesse communiste, historically its first name), is a political youth organisation, close to the French communist party.
The MJCF is organised independently of the French communist party, deciding its laws, structure and leaders as well as its stances, while continuously engaging with the party about the actions and stances to take in keeping with a transformational vision of society.
The MJCF was founded in 1920 as the "Jeunesse communiste", under the auspices of the Tours Congress. Its secretary general as of February 2009 is Pierric Annoot, elected at the time of the national council of 28 June 2008. According to its own statistics, the movement counts 15,000 members in France.
The MJCF publishes a monthly journal, "Avant-garde". It is part of the European Network of Democratic Young Left (ENDYL) and of the World Federation of Democratic Youth.
The MJCF contains the Union des étudiants communistes student grouping, which directs its own institutions to meet the specific demands of militancy in higher education.
Campaigns and current stances.
The MJCF, being an autonomous organization, leads its own campaigns as well as aiding in those of the PCF. Campaigns of the 2000s include: 
MJCF was particularly involved in the campaign of the left to vote "no" in the French referendum on a treaty for a European constitution. In 2006, the MJCF was also involved in the movement against the "Contrat première embauche" and was an active member of the "collectif jeune" (young collective) against the CPE. The MJCF also participated in the collective "Unis contre l'immigration jetable" where it fought against the "projet de loi relatif à l'immigration et à l'intégration" of Nicolas Sarkozy.
At the MJCF congress which took place on 14-17 December 2006 at Ivry-sur-Seine the MJCF decided to direct its struggles along four essential lines, called "Quatre chantiers pour changer nos vies et la société" (four projects to change our lives and society)
The content of these projects directed the MJCF, at the national council of January 2007, to campaign for Marie-George Buffet in the French presidential election of 2007, as a candidate for the popular anti-liberal left.
Coordination nationale élue par le conseil national des 28 et 29 juin 2008.
-->

</doc>
<doc id="21593731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593731" title="Touch and Go (Magazine song)">
Touch and Go (Magazine song)

Touch and Go is the second single of post-punk band Magazine, released on April 14, 1978. By the time, the debut album, "Real Life", also was released.
Unlike the previous single, "Shot By Both Sides", the band recorded this material with the complete five line-up and with the keyboards added to the previous guitar-bass-drums sound, because Dave Formula (ex-St. Louis Union) joined shortly after the release of the first single. However, that was also the last single featuring original drummer Martin Jackson, who left in July 1978, after a British tour, being replaced subsequently by Paul Spencer, who lasted a short time and was replaced by John Doyle. Jackson later joined The Chameleons and Swing Out Sister.
The main song, has a promo video, and after its name, the band released a 2 CD compilation, "Touch And Go - Anthology - 02.78-06.81", which contains the song and the b-side, "Goldfinger". The latter was a cover of the James Bond film soundtrack. Both songs are featured as bonus tracks on the CD reissue of the first album "Real Life".

</doc>
<doc id="21593760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593760" title="Mercy Vocational High School">
Mercy Vocational High School

Mercy Vocational High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia. It is the only four-year co-educational Catholic vocational high school in the United States.
Background.
Mercy was established in 1950 by the Sisters of Mercy. The school was originally known as Mercy Technical School and did not start handing out high school diplomas until 1973.
Structure.
Mercy Vocational is divided into two areas of instruction:
Students at Mercy take normal academic classes such as Math, English, Theology, Science, and History all four years.
In sophomore year, students start their shops. The shops they can choose from are: Culinary Arts, Computer Technician, Nursing Assistants, Framing and Woodworking Carpentry, Residential and Commercial Electricity, Business Education, and Cosmetology.
Mercy also offers a Co-Op program that gives Seniors credit for on-the-job experience. These can either be paid or non-paid internships.
MVHS offers students vocational training in one area of one of our three academies – Building Trades, Service and Business. 
Students in this program gain real world experience throughout their time at MVHS through the execution of projects at the school and even throughout the city. 
The Carpentry program offers a sequential learning experience that provides students with a solid theoretical and technical foundation for pursuing a variety of career options in the building trades. Carpentry students are being prepared for job placement on construction sites as well as with interior woodworking. Students are prepared for above entry-level positions in their chosen field.
The Electricity curriculum prepares students for continuing education and/or entry-level employment in the residential, commercial or industrial areas. Electricity students are trained to support the infrastructure of a variety of industries in the Philadelphia area.
The Cosmetology curriculum, providing both classroom theory and hands on practical training, is a three year state board regulated program in which the students are required to obtain 1,250 hours that will allow them to obtain certification and practice with an operator’s license. Mercy cosmetology students are encouraged to earn their state board required hours and are required to register to take the state board exam before they graduate. Upon passing the exam, students will receive the Pennsylvania State Cosmetology License that will allow them many career opportunities in the beauty industry including professional Hairstylist and nail care, hair care, and skincare technicians.
The Culinary Arts curriculum is designed to prepare students to pursue post-secondary education in Culinary Arts and/or to enter the hospitality industry at an above entry-level position. Culinary Arts students have the opportunity to earn a ServSafe Certification through the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation which acts as a tool to help students gain easier employment because of their sanitation expertise.
The Nursing Assistant Training Program (NATP) prepares students with an academic and experiential foundation for post-secondary education in selected healthcare careers. Mercy students have up to 4 times as much hands-on experience and coursework as many state programs offered at facilities in a 4 or 6-week model. NATP students are given the opportunity to sit for the PA nursing assistant certification examination. Once passing this exam, students are licensed by the state of Pennsylvania to give care to patients in health care and receive their CPR certification. At Mercy Vocational High School the pass rate is 100%. MVHS is one of only two schools in the Commonwealth with a perfect pass rate! Seniors are eligible for immediate employment as certified nursing assistants in a variety of health care settings, including long-term care, acute care, rehabilitation, hospitals and home healthcare.
The Business Education curriculum offers extensive coursework designed to enable students to acquire skills and work habits essential for success in the business environment. It is intended to prepare students for the competitive business environment prevalent in today’s workplace. The goal for the Business Education program is to enable students to earn core level MOS (Microsoft Office Specialist) Certification in these areas - PowerPoint, Word, Access and Excel – which provide future employers and educators with an important indicator of the student’s level of expertise.
The Computer Technician curriculum is designed to provide a foundation for continuing education or entry-level employment in computer technology. The goal of this course is to have the students CompTIA A+ certified by the end of their junior year. Each student is also encouraged to earn his/her CertiPort IC3! Internet and Computing Core Certification. This certification is the standard for the industry’s entry-level technicians. In the senior year, upon successful completion exam, students may begin working in a co-operative employment position in a local business. Computer Technician students will graduate with the skills to be effective and efficient computer service and repair technicians.

</doc>
<doc id="21593761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593761" title="List of German inventors and discoverers">
List of German inventors and discoverers

__NOTOC__
This is a list of German inventors and discoverers. The following list comprises people from Germany or German-speaking Europe, and also people of predominantly German heritage, in alphabetical order of the surname.

</doc>
<doc id="21593770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593770" title="Assam mole shrew">
Assam mole shrew

The Assam mole shrew ("Anourosorex assamensis") is a species of red-toothed shrew endemic to India.

</doc>
<doc id="21593786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593786" title="Argentina–Holy See relations">
Argentina–Holy See relations

Argentina–Holy See relations are foreign relations between Argentina and the Holy See. The current pope, Pope Francis, was the former Archbishop of Buenos Aires.
History.
Argentina, which was a Spanish colony as part of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, lost its relation with the Holy See during the Argentine War of Independence. Both countries reestablished diplomatic relations on 17 April 1840, during the administration of Juan Manuel de Rosas. Argentina has an embassy to the Holy See, and the Holy See has an embassy in Buenos Aires.
Pope John Paul II made two pastoral visits. The first was in June 1982 where he called for an end to the Falklands War. The second was in April 1987 where he lectured on morality.
Vatican officials, including Pope John Paul II and Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Agostino Casaroli acted as mediators to help resolve Argentina's dispute with Chile over the Beagle Channel. After the two countries almost went to war over the area in 1978, John Paul II became interested in resolving the dispute, which lead to discussions between Chile and Argentina being mediated by the Vatican, and Argentine Foreign Minister Dante Caputo and Chilean Foreign Minister Jaime Del Valle issuing a joint statement of peace and friendship with the intent of developing a final treaty to resolve sovereignty in the channel.
In early 2008, Argentine President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner appointed Alberto Iribarne to be Argentina's ambassador to the Holy See. The Vatican refused to accept him as an ambassador because he was divorced. After ten months of poor relations between the two countries, during which Argentina refused to appoint a new candidate and the Vatican refused to accept Iribarne, Argentina conceded and appointed Juan Pablo Cafiero to the post, which the Vatican quickly ratified. In March 2013, Jorge Mario Bergoglio, Archbishop of Buenos Aires was elected Pope; much to Kirchner's joy and the rest of the Argentine populace.

</doc>
<doc id="21593789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593789" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2003">
Miss Universe Nederland 2003

The Miss Universe Nederland 2003 pageant was held on February 22, 2003. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2003 .
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21593790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593790" title="John McNairy">
John McNairy

John McNairy (March 30, 1762 – November 12, 1837) was a United States federal judge in Tennessee.
Born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, McNairy read law to enter the bar in 1788. He opened a private practice in Jonesboro, Tennessee, also serving as a judge in the Superior Court of Law and Equity for Davidson County, Tennessee.
He was nominated by President George Washington on February 17, 1797, to be the first judge of the United States District Court for the District of Tennessee, the seat having been created by 1 Stat. 496. He was confirmed by the Senate, and received his commission, on February 20, 1797. On April 29, 1802, the district was divided into the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee and the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee, but McNairy was assigned to both districts by operation of law, and continued to be the sole federal judge serving the state of Tennessee until his resignation, on September 1, 1833.
He died near Nashville, Tennessee.
McNairy County, Tennessee, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="21593811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593811" title="1984 Tel Aviv Open">
1984 Tel Aviv Open

The 1984 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1984 Volvo Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from September 10 through September 17, 1984. It was the fifth edition of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="21593822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593822" title="Humphrey Toy">
Humphrey Toy

Humphrey Toy (1537 – 16 October 1577) was a British bookseller and publisher, and the son of bookseller Robert Toy. In 1567, he published the first translation of New Testament in Welsh from the original Greek, translated by his close friend William Salesbury. Along with the Bible, Toy published the first translation of the Book of Common Prayer in Welsh, also translated by Salesbury.
Early life.
Toy was born around 1537, the son of Robert Toy, a bookseller, and his wife who died in 1546. The Toy family was of Welsh origin. In 1551, Toy entered Queens' College, Cambridge as a sizar, but he left Cambridge before earning a degree. After Robert Toy died in 1556, most of his property passed to Toy's stepmother Elizabeth Toy with the provision that it would pass to Humphrey after her death. Until her death around 1558, Toy assisted his stepmother in running his father's shop and publishing interests. At some point during this period, Toy married Margaret Revell.
Publishing career.
Toy entered work with the Stationer's Company in August 1560, and served as the company's renter warden from 1561 to 1563. Toy later rose through the ranks of the company, and served twice as its underwarden in 1571 and 1573. While working at the Stationer's Company, Toy took control of the bookshop that he inherited from his father and stepmother. Toy's shop was known as the Helmet, because of the helmet depicted on its sign, and Toy was granted a seventy year lease on the location of the shop.
While at the Stationer's Company, Toy became an active printer and publisher, and became particularly interested in religious works. He worked closely with Christopher Plantin of Antwerp, who helped Toy acquire a large collection of European protestant works. Toy also entered into a dispute, along with three other printers, with Richard Jugge, over the right to print Bibles in English.
Work with William Salesbury.
Possibly because of his Welsh background, Toy formed a friendship with the Welsh scholar William Salesbury, and worked with him professionally on several occasions. In 1567, Toy financed and published Salesbury's translation of New Testament in Welsh, the first translation made into Welsh from the original Greek. That same year, Toy financed and published Salesbury's translation of the Book of Common Prayer into Welsh, the first such translation.
Both the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer were printed by Henry Bynneman, with financing and oversight from Toy. Toy was recognized on the first page of Book of Common Prayer for providing "the costes and charges" of the publication.
After the Book of Common Prayer and New Testament, Toy also published a guide to Welsh pronunciation, and several smaller works for Salesbury.
Death.
Toy died on 16 October 1577 and was buried at All Saints' Church, Bristol. After his death, his widow Margaret and his apprentice Thomas Chard took control of his estate, and continued his work in both publishing and bookselling. Chard operated the Helmet until 1585, and it subsequently changed hands several times before disappearing in 1607.
Approximately thirty works printed by Toy are still in existence; among these, an edition of Richard Grafton's "Chronicle" that he printed is the most notable.

</doc>
<doc id="21593834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593834" title="Aurore (slave ship)">
Aurore (slave ship)

The Aurore (along with the "Duc du Maine") was a cargo slave ship that brought the first African slaves to Louisiana on June 6, 1719, from Senegambia. 
Information.
The Aurore ship captain would force the slaves to lie down on the ship in a packed tight spoon-like position in order to occupy as little space as possible. This had to be done so that the captain would gain maximum profits. Leg shackles were also used on board the Aurore to keep the slaves together and enslaved. 

</doc>
<doc id="21593849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593849" title="Michael Brown (Michigan politician)">
Michael Brown (Michigan politician)

Michael Brown is the current city administrator and former emergency manager of Flint, Michigan, USA. He also served as temporary mayor and city administrator of Flint after the resignation of Don Williamson.
Early life.
Brown came to Flint after his civil engineer father accepted a Buick plant job. Brown attended St. Michael Catholic School in Flint.
Career.
He attended Western Michigan University then later University of Stockholm in Sweden earning his master’s degree. In 1970, he was married to Linda. He worked with youth as a counselor.
Public service.
In 1983, Brown was elected to the Genesee County Board of Commissioners. Flint mayor, Matthew S. Collier, appointed Brown as the City's director of governmental relations and later in the 1980s as director of Flint's Community and Economic Development department. Brown was the executive director of the Genesee area Red Cross chapter from 1994 to 1996. He moved on to be president of the United Way of Genesee and Lapeer Counties from 1996 to 2002. In 2002, after the recall of Flint Mayor Woodrow Stanley, Brown took out petitions to run for mayor but failed to collect sufficient signatures to be on the ballot.
Hired as president of Capital Area United Way in Lansing, Brown stepped in to straighten operations out after a $2 million embezzlement occurred in 2002. Brown left that position in November and was hired by the Genesee Regional Chamber of Commerce in November 2009 as executive vice-president.
He was appointed city administrator on Wednesday, February 4, 2009. Effectve at midnight on February 15, 2009, Brown as city administrator became temporary mayor in accordance with the City Charter following the resignation of Don Williamson for health reasons.
In 2009, he founded the Flint Area Reinvestment Office. He concurrently became president of the Prima Civitas Foundation and served in both position until December 1, 2011. The Michigan Governor, Rick Snyder, appointed Brown as the city's emergency manager on November 29, 2011, effective December 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21593857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593857" title="Audi allroad quattro">
Audi allroad quattro

The Audi allroad quattro is an automotive nameplate used by the German automobile manufacturer Audi, a division of the Volkswagen Group since 1999. Audi has utilised the name "allroad quattro" to signify semi-offroad ability on two of its mainstream model lines. 
Originally, the name "Audi allroad quattro" applied to a semi-offroad version of the Audi A6 Avant (wagon) in 1999. Audi retitled subsequent generations, as released in 2006 and 2012, as "Audi A6 allroad quattro".
Since 2009, Audi has offered the "Audi A4 allroad quattro", based on the mainstream Audi A4 Avant (wagon).

</doc>
<doc id="21593865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593865" title="Cinema Handicap">
Cinema Handicap

The Cinema Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Raced on turf over a distance of one and one-eighth miles (9 furlongs) during the third week of June, the Grade III event is open to three-year-old horses.
The race was run in two divisions in 1961 and 1963. It was not run in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="21593867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593867" title="Hugh Allen">
Hugh Allen

Hugh Allen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21593871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593871" title="WIZZIT">
WIZZIT

WIZZIT Payments (Pty) Ltd is a provider of basic banking services for the unbanked and underbanked (people or enterprises that have no or only limited access to banking services) in South Africa. Its services are based on the use of mobile phones for accessing bank accounts and conducting transactions, in addition to a Maestro debit card that is issued to all customers upon registration. Wizzit is a branchless banking business, meaning that its services are designed so that customers can generally conduct transactions without the need to visit bank branches.
While Wizzit does not operate any branches on its own, it has partnered with the Absa Group and the South African Post Office that act as banking agents and allow Wizzit's customers to deposit funds at any Absa or Post Office branch. Similarly, Wizzit does not have an automated teller machine (ATM) network but its customers can pay for purchases and withdraw funds using their debit card at any point of sale (POS) or ATM accepting Maestro cards. Wizzit has also partnered with Dunns, a fashion retailer focusing on lower to middle-income customer segments that acts as an agent for opening accounts
The company maintains a policy of only recruiting unemployed people, which it has integrated into its promotion strategy: Because marketing costs represent one of the biggest financial challenges to its business, Wizzit does not use mass media advertisements but relies instead on so-called "WIZZkids"—previously unemployed individuals that the company certifies to become sales agents. Besides the commission on sales, WIZZkids receive annuity income based on the transaction level of account holders, which motivates them to train customers to use their accounts. The WIZZkids are typically young, low-income individuals living in the communities from which they recruit their customers.
Launched in 2004, Wizzit is formally a division of the South African Bank of Athens but its brand is owned and its operations are run by a group of independent entrepreneurs. Wizzit had an estimated 250,000 customers in South Africa at the end of 2008 and has launched pilot projects in Zambia and Romania, where it intends to expand. It had earlier reported that it expected to expand into other African countries as well and that it had been approached by potential partners from Kenya, Botswana, Namibia, Zambia, and Malawi.
Wizzit aims at partnering with either existing banks or microfinance institutions (MFIs) in the countries it intends to expand to, a strategy it has been testing with Beehive, a South African MFI. Wizzit has also been planning to acquire merchants as agents in South Africa's rural areas, where the majority of its potential customers reside and where there is only an underdeveloped payments infrastructure available, such as ATMs and POS devices. If successful, merchants will offer customers the ability to deposit money to and withdraw money from their Wizzit bank accounts, as well as to pay for purchases by using their mobile phones.

</doc>
<doc id="21593884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593884" title="Knowledge survey">
Knowledge survey

A knowledge survey is a method of evaluating the delivery of a course through the gathering of feedback from the learner on the level of the knowledge they acquired after the completion of the instruction. It usually consists of questions that cover the content of the course. The surveys evaluate student learning and content mastery at all levels: from basic knowledge and comprehension through higher levels of thinking. Knowledge surveys can serve as both formative and summative assessment tools. They are effective in helping:
Structure of the survey.
A standard knowledge surveys consists of questions that cover the content of a course addressing all levels of Bloom's scale of thinking. A survey may include as many as 200 questions. The key feature of knowledge surveys is that students do NOT answer the questions. Instead, they say whether they COULD answer the question and with what degree of confidence. So students complete the surveys quickly.
For easy assessment, the questions might follow the multiple choice format with choices that address the level of knowledge and confidence in a certain topic. For example, a typical multiple choice answer could be of the following form:

</doc>
<doc id="21593900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593900" title="Philippe, Duke of Anjou">
Philippe, Duke of Anjou

Philippe de France, "fils de France", Duke of Anjou (30 August 1730 – 7 April 1733) was a French Prince and second son of king Louis XV of France and Marie Leszczyńska. He was the Duke of Anjou from birth.
Biography.
Philippe de France was born at the Palace of Versailles to the King and Queen of France 30 August 1730. He was the second son and fifth child to be born to the royal family. A member of the House of Bourbon and son of a king, he held the rank of a "son of France"; this entitled him to the style of "Royal Highness"; in his short lifetime, he was the third most important male at court after his father Louis XV and his oldest brother, Louis, Dauphin of France.
Named Philippe, that was the traditional name of the second son - the first being called Louis. He was created the Duke of Anjou at birth, this title was associated with the second son. The last duke of Anjou had been his father while a child during the reign of Louis XIV.
He was the favourite child of his mother Marie Leszczyńska.
The little Philippe grew up at Versailles with his brother the Dauphin and their twin sisters Madame Élisabeth ""Madame de France"" (future Duchess of Parma) and Madame Henriette ""Madame de Navarre"". In March 1732, Philippe saw the birth of the future Madame Adélaïde. The next year his older sister Marie Louise de France died at Versailles on 19 February 1733 of a Common cold. She had been known as Madame Louise and named after her parents.
Always a sickly child, Philippe was cared for by a group of female attendants, as royal children were cared for by women until the age of 5. As part of their intensely superstitious beliefs, the women mixed in earth from the grave of Saint Medard with his food; the child was given so much earth that his organs failed.
As a result, Philippe died at Versailles on 7 April 1733 at the age of 2, two months after Madame Louise. He was buried at the Royal Basilica of Saint Denis outside Paris.
Doctors reported that large amounts of earth were found in his intestines.

</doc>
<doc id="21593907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593907" title="Foltin">
Foltin

Foltin () is one of the most important Macedonian bands, and has existed since 1995. Foltin's music is hard to define, sounds unpredictable and challenging: surreal, passionate and witty, dynamic and full of surprises, blending many different music genres: Electro acoustic, Alternative rock, Funk, Bossa Nova, Ambient etc. Even though they use standard musical elements, their approach in creating the atmosphere is unpredictable and above all, original. Live performances made Foltin famous, they are often theatrical (cabaret-like) and often turn into real performances. The lyrics of the first three album are an imaginary mixture of phonetic imitations of languages like: Spanish, French, Romanian, and Portuguese. The band took part in many music and theatre festivals in Macedonia, Croatia, Italy, Austria, Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Belgium, England, Lebanon, Turkey, the Netherlands, France etc.
Theatre.
2013 - Shvejk po Vtorata svetska vojna
Rezija : Martin Kochovski
Режија: Аleksandar Popovski
Ulysses, Brijuni, Hrvatska [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fA9kHEQzZw&feature=related]
Режија: Martin Kochovski
Narodno pozorište Užice, Srbija [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCZR9xj0aYM&playnext=1&list=PLF64B875719918CAB&feature=results_main]
2011 – Leksikon Yu Mitologije
Neta, Ljubljana
Directed by: Martin Kochovski
Dramski Teatar-Skopje, Macedonia
Directed by: Aco Popovski
HNK Rijeka, Rijeka, Croatia
Directed by: Martin Kochovski
N.Theatre Prilep - Voydan Chernodrinski, Prilep, Macedonia
Directed by: Aco Popovski
Gavella - Zagreb, Croatia
Directed by: Branko Stavrev
MNT Dramski – Skopje, Macedonia
Directed by: Aco Popovski
SNG Drama, Ljubljana, Slovenia
Directed by: Martin Kochovski
Mal Dramski teatar – Bitola, Macedonia
Directed by: Martin Kochovski
N.Theatre Prilep - Vojdan Chernodrinski, Prilep, Macedonia
Concert-performans
Production:Foltin
Told by:Aleksandra Kovachevich
National Theatre Bitola, Macedonia
Concert-performance
Independent production
Directed by: Natasha Poplavska
The National Theatre Bitola, Macedonia
Directed by: Ivan Popovski
The Nacional Theatre Skopje, MOT, The Ohrid Summer, MNT, The National Theatre Bitola,
Macedonia
Directed by: Sasho Milenkovski
The National Theatre Bitola, Macedonia
Directed by: Risima Risimkin
Interart Centre, Skopje, Macedonia
Directed by: Lubisha Georgievski
The National Theatre Bitola, Macedonia
Directed by:Yoshiko Chuma(USA)
The Ohrid Summer, Macedonia
Directed by: Zlatko Slavenski
The Nacional Theatre Bitola, Macedonia
Film Music.
Directed by: Aleksandar Popovski
Production: Kino Oko [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEA3ei9N6x0]
Directed by: Sasho Pavlovski 
Production: Dejan Iliev [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqcR6F31Bb8&feature=related]
Directed by: Atanas Georgiev
Production: Mischief Films, Nukleus, Tris Films and ITVS International
Directed by: Jane Altiparmakov
Production: MRTV, Skopje
Dir. Ljubcho Bilbilovski
Production: MRTV, Skopje
Directed by: Sasha A. Damjanovski
Production: Orev films
Directed by: Petra Seliskar
Production: “Petra Pan”, Slovenia
Directed by: Petra Seliskar
References.
www.myspace.com\foltin
www.last.fm\music\foltin
www.youtube.com\jovanoski
www.twitter.com\foltin
[https://www.facebook.com/foltin.band]
[http://picasaweb.google.com/kajpero]
[http://www.osservatoriobalcani.org/article/articleview/11875/1/404/]
[http://www.blesok.com.mk/tekst.asp?lang=eng&tekst=797]
[http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=20117]
[http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=32671]
[http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=39361]

</doc>
<doc id="21593915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593915" title="Suicide Tuesday (DJ Hyper album)">
Suicide Tuesday (DJ Hyper album)

Suicide Tuesday is the second studio album produced by DJ Hyper or simply known "Hyper" and was released on October the 13th 2008

</doc>
<doc id="21593932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593932" title="Brazilian nationalism">
Brazilian nationalism

Brazilian nationalism refers to the nationalism of Brazilian people and Brazilian culture. It became strong during the declaration of Independence of Brazil, in the 19th century. 
History.
Brazil was initially a colony of Portugal, established during the Portuguese colonization of the Americas. Historians are not sure on the precise moment when Brazilians developed a local nationalism, distinct from the Portuguese one. In some cases it is pointed to the discovery itself, in others it is attributed to the explorations of the "bandeirantes" or the South American theater of the Dutch–Portuguese War in the 17th century. 
Still, the first cases of a strong nationalist sentiment emerged in the 19th century. The white Brazilian-born colonial oligarchy developed sentiments against the colonial system, and manifested hostility to the Portuguese authorities. There were local conspiracies to secede from Portugal as early as in 1789, but the Independence of Brazil took place in the 1820s, after the transfer of the Portuguese Court to Brazil during the Napoleonic Wars. Brazilians had a desire for self-governance and resented that wealth of the nation was taken to Portugal. 
After independence, Brazilian nationalism maintained its anti-Portuguese sentiment, expanding to anti-British and anti-Spanish American sentiments (specially against the countries of the Río de la Plata Basin, Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay), shaping an anti-foreign nationalism. The anti-Portuguese sentiment was in fact a common sentiment across all of Brazil, and helped to keep the country unified during the late colonial periods and the first chaotic years after independence. The Brazilian monarchy was also an unifying factor, as the majority of the elite accepted the authority of the kings and feared the consequences of a potential revolution of their slaves. The elite envisioned a country of white peoples, but the slaves, mulattoes, and mestizos composed almost the two-thirds of the Brazilian population. For this end, they encouraged European immigration, to increase the number of white people. 
The anti-Portuguese sentiment also led to an increased use of the French language, in detriment of the Portuguese language. France was seen at the time as a model of civilization and progress. The literary nationalism began in the 1840s with the works of José de Alencar, who used French literary models to describe the regions and social milieus of Brazil. Nationalist literary works became more complex in the second half of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21593947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593947" title="Masterpiece Theatre (Marianas Trench album)">
Masterpiece Theatre (Marianas Trench album)

Masterpiece Theatre is the second studio album by Canadian rock group Marianas Trench. It was released on February 24, 2009 in Canada. The album was available for preview at MuchMusic's website before the release. The last song on the album titled "Masterpiece Theatre III" is a collage of all the songs on the album and previous singles.
The album sold 5,000 copies in its first week of release debuting at No. 4 on the Canadian Albums Chart and since then it has reached Platinum status in Canada with sales of over 80,000 copies nationwide. The album has been released in the United States on September 28, 2010. It will have two bonus tracks, a second version of Good to You and an acoustic version of Cross My Heart.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Masterpiece Theatre was received well by most critics. The "Phoenix New Times" praised lead singer Josh Ramsay and the lyrics saying "Singer Josh Ramsay pushed himself vocally on this album, and the lyrics were very heartfelt and meaningful – not your typical pop-punk music."
"melodic.net" said, "this album is one of the best, if not the best, discs i've heard in the past year or two." They also said "The harmonies, arrangements, and different styles experimented with throughout the spread of the CD are absolutely awe-inspiring."
"Lost In the Sound" gave the album a score of 80% out 100, saying that the album "is one of the best in its genre and proves that there is still good pop rock music out there."
Commercial performance.
The album sold over 80,000 copies in Canada and was certified Platinum by the CRIA. Singles such as "All To Myself" and "Cross My Heart" peaked in the top 15 of the Canadian Hot 100. Other singles such as "Celebrity Status", "Good to You" and "Beside You" peaked in the top 40 of the Canadian Hot 100.
Personnel.
Credits for "Masterpiece Theatre" adapted from Allmusic.
Singles.
Cross My Heart.
"Cross My Heart" is the fourth single released by Marianas Trench and the first single released off of their second album Masterpiece Theatre.
Music video.
Shot in Vancouver, Canada, the music video starts off with Josh Ramsay singing to the a woman that he is following throughout the course of the video. While going down the street, people start to hear the song, and follow along. From painters and construction workers, to teenagers from the streets, they all form a parade with the rest of the band playing on a float. In the end, the woman being followed takes out her headphones, and hears Josh singing to her. She turns around and sees the crowd cheering and applauding to her. She invites him in, the song ends and the crowd stops cheering.
Chart positions.
"Cross My Heart" debuted at No. 54 on the Canadian Hot 100 and then rose No. 41 the next week, but then fell off the chart two weeks later. On the issue of January 31 it made a re-entry on the chart at No. 42 and was the ""Best Comeback"" and climbed to No. 16, and was the ""Sales Gainer"" on the issue of February 14, since then it has peaked at #15.
All to Myself.
"All to Myself" is the fifth single released by Marianas Trench and the second single released off of their second album Masterpiece Theatre.
Chart positions.
It was the Greatest Gainer for the week of June 13, 2009 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Beside You.
"Beside You" is the third single (second in the United States) of the Marianas Trench's second album, Masterpiece Theatre.
It was released on September 2009 in Canada, and March 2011 in the U.S. The band went on tour with Carly Rae Jepsen, The New Cities, and The Mission District to promote the song.
Music video.
The music video for "Beside You" was shot on September 29, 2009. The beginning shots of the beach and dock were filmed at Jericho Beach in Vancouver, British Columbia. The rest of the video was shot inside of the Chan Centre for the Performing Arts at the University of British Columbia. The orchestra and band members in the video are students from Lord Byng Secondary School.
"Beside You" premiered on Much Music's Much on Demand on October 30, 2009.
Celebrity Status.
"Celebrity Status" is the fourth single off Marianas Trench's second studio album, Masterpiece Theatre. It was released to radio stations in February 2010, and was released digitally onto iTunes on April 6, 2010. The song was featured along with Pink's "Raise Your Glass" in the University of British Columbia's lipdub video released on April 8, 2011.
Charts.
The song peaked at number 24 on the Canadian Hot 100 on the date of July 10, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21593964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593964" title="Twice exceptional">
Twice exceptional

The term twice exceptional, often abbreviated as 2e, refers to intellectually gifted children who have some form of disability. These children are considered both because of their intellectual gifts and because of their special needs.
A 2e child usually refers to a child who, alongside being considered intellectually above average, is formally diagnosed with one or more disabilities. The disabilities are varied: dyslexia, visual or auditory processing disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, sensory processing disorder, Asperger syndrome, Tourette Syndrome, or any other disability interfering with the student's ability to learn effectively in a traditional environment. The child might have a diagnosis of attention deficit disorder, with or without hyperactivity, or diagnoses of anxiety or depression.
There is no clear-cut profile of twice-exceptional children because the nature and causes of twice exceptionality are so varied. Some 2e children may have no formal diagnosis, but do have learning differences of other kinds, such as in learning style or preference, that make it hard to function in a standard classroom. This variation among twice-exceptional children makes it difficult to determine just how many of them there might be. Some estimates place the number at 2 to 5 percent of all gifted children, while others believe it to be higher. Linda Silverman, Ph.D., the director of the Gifted Development Center has found that fully 1/6 of the gifted children tested at the GDC have a learning difference of some type. 
Misunderstood children.
The combination of marked strengths and weaknesses found in 2e children can result in behavior and academic performance that puzzle parents, teachers, and even some medical and mental health professionals. Because their disabilities or deficits are often not apparent to those around them, twice-exceptional children may appear to be uninterested, lazy, distracted, or disruptive in class. They might present any of the three profiles identified by educator and researcher Susan Baum:
In each situation, the 2e student’s strengths help to compensate for deficits; the deficits, on the other hand, make the child’s strengths less apparent. The interplay of exceptional strengths and weaknesses in a single individual results in inconsistency in performance. A 2e student’s grades commonly alternate between high and low, sometimes within the same subject. The child might have advanced vocabulary and ideas but be unable to organize those ideas and express them on paper. He might be a skilled artist or builder but turn in assignments that are messy or illegible. She might complete assignments but lose them or forget to turn them in. To the parents and teachers observing this behavior, it may seem that the child just isn’t trying. In fact, many 2e children work as hard if not harder than others, but with less to show for their efforts.
This struggle to accomplish tasks that appear easy for other students can leave 2e children frustrated, anxious, and depressed. It can rob them of their enthusiasm and energy for school and damage their self-esteem.
Identifying twice exceptionality.
Children identified as twice exceptional can exhibit a wide range of traits, many of them typical of gifted children. Like those who are gifted, 2e children often show greater asynchrony than average children (that is, a larger gap between their mental age and physical age). They are often intense and highly sensitive to their emotional and physical environments. The following chart summarizes characteristics commonly seen in this population.
Twice exceptionality often shows up in school. In their early years, these children often seem bright, with varied interests and advanced vocabularies; and many times parents are unaware that they have a 2e child. Teachers often spot problems in school. During the early years it may be social difficulties. The 2e child may find it hard to make friends and fit in. Academic problems often appear later. As work demands increase, teachers may see a drop or inconsistencies in the student’s performance, sometimes accompanied by an increase in problem behaviors. Some 2e students withdraw, showing reluctance to speak out or take other risks in class; while others play the class clown. Some are unable to stay focused, find it hard to sit still and work quietly, and have difficulty controlling anger or frustration.
If these difficulties persist, school personnel or parents may decide that evaluation is needed. Along with a physical examination, children may undergo psycho-educational testing to determine the cause of their struggles. The professionals who take part in the process should be knowledgeable about giftedness. Some characteristics of giftedness can look very much like those of a learning disability or disorder and, as a result, gifted children are sometimes incorrectly diagnosed with disorders. Evaluation results should indicate the child’s areas of strength and weakness and identify whether any disorders or learning disabilities are present. In addition, the results should include information on what the child needs in order to build on the strengths and compensate for the weaknesses that have been identified.
Support.
Their strengths are the key to success for twice-exceptional children. They thrive on intellectual challenges in their areas of interest and ability. Many 2e children do best when given work that engages multiple senses and offers opportunities for hands-on learning. However, a requirement for success for these students is support, either given informally as needed or formalized in an Individualized Education Program (IEP) or 504 plan.
Support can come in several forms. An essential form is encouragement; others include compensation strategies and accommodations in the child’s areas of weakness. For example, 2e students may benefit from learning time-management skills and organizational techniques; and they may need to have extra time on tests and reduced homework. It should be remembered, however, that the student's strengths should not merely be viewed as means through which they can compensate for their areas of weakness. Proper support for a twice-exceptional student must include accommodations to allow them to develop and challenge their gifts as well. It is essential for these students to feel as though they are being noticed for their gifts more than just their weaknesses, otherwise the student may fall into negative behavioral patterns such as the ones aforementioned.
Education.
Twice-exceptional education is a movement that started in the early 1970s with "gifted-handicapped" education, a term essentially referring to the same population. 2e education is an education approach backed by 35 years of research and best practices tailored to the unique needs of 2e students. It is a marriage between special education and gifted education — a strengths-based, differentiated approach that provides special educational supports.
Still, finding schools that can meet the needs of twice exceptional children can be a challenge for many parents. Public and private schools with programs that combine the appropriate levels of challenge and support for these learners are in the minority. For this reason, a number of parents choose alternative educational options for their 2e children, including homeschooling and virtual schools.
Only a handful of schools in United States offer a curriculum specifically tailored to 2e children. Some public schools offer part-time programs for twice exceptional students, where they can progress in subjects like math at their own pace, and meet other students like themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="21593968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593968" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2002">
Miss Universe Nederland 2002

The Miss Universe Nederland 2002 pageant was held on February 28, 2002. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2002 and Miss Europe 2002.
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21593972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593972" title="Anthony Scrivener">
Anthony Scrivener

Anthony Scrivener QC is a British barrister. His notable work includes the defence of Tony Martin, the Norfolk farmer convicted in 2001 of the shooting and murder of a burglar and in 2005, the defence of Saddam Hussein against mass murder charges.
1) http://cornerstonebarristers.com/about-cornerstone/history/
2) http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2005/oct/14/topstories3.iraq
Family: Uncle to Operatic Performer K'Lou, real name Kathryn Scriviner

</doc>
<doc id="21593980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593980" title="Rayleigh Still">
Rayleigh Still

In distillation, a Rayleigh Still is a separation process where a feed stream is charged and withdrawn batch-wise with a separate stream fed and removed continuously. It is also known as a Rayleigh Distillation. It consists of a single stage distillation where the batch-charged phase is well mixed during operation. This was developed originally by Lord Rayleigh in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21593990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21593990" title="Elizabeth Alexander (press secretary)">
Elizabeth Alexander (press secretary)

Elizabeth Evans Alexander began working for Vice President Joe Biden in 2006, first as Press Secretary and then as Communications Director in his Senate office and for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Previously, Alexander served as Press Secretary for the United Nations Foundation, creating media campaigns to highlight UN causes around the world. During the 2004 general election campaign, she traveled the country as DNC Chairman Terry McAuliffe's press secretary. During the 2004 primary campaign, she served as Rep. Dick Gephardt's South Carolina press secretary. Prior, Alexander was Rep. Adam Schiff's (D-CA) Communications Director and Deputy Press Secretary for U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY).In May 2011, Vice President Biden announced that Elizabeth Alexander would soon leave his office to practice law.
Alexander is from Cleburne, Texas, and graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science from Texas A&M University.

</doc>
<doc id="21594006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594006" title="Swimming Time">
Swimming Time

Swimming Time is the debut album by Danish rock band Nephew. Released in 2000, the album wasn't an immediate success, but upon being re-released in 2005 it sold relatively well.
Track listing.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21594034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594034" title="Welcome to Heartbreak">
Welcome to Heartbreak

"Welcome to Heartbreak" is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West. The song was inspired by a conversation West had with MTV Executive Vice President Dave Sirulnick, who showed him some photos of his wife and children. It struck West that he really wanted to be married and have a family, but it hadn't worked out for him. It features then-newly signed GOOD Music artist Kid Cudi, and was co-produced by West with Jeff Bhasker and Plain Pat. Despite not being released as a single at that time, the song managed to enter the pop charts. The song did feature on the Kiss and BBC Radio 1Xtra playlists in the United Kingdom. The song was supposed to be officially released as the third single from "808s & Heartbreak" in the U.K. on May 18, 2009, but was never released.
Critical reception.
"Welcome to Heartbreak" was met by positive reviews from music critics, many of whom cited it, along with "Love Lockdown" and "Heartless" as one of the highlights of "808s & Heartbreak". In a review of the album, Brandon Perkins of URB analyzed the song's confessional lyrical content, saying, "On 'Welcome to Heartbreak,' Kanye pits his prized possessions against the simplicity of 'real life', marking the basic juxtapositions with a disconnected yearning: 'My friend showed me pictures of his kids/All I could show him was pictures of my cribs.' In the landscape of "808", Kanye's aspirations for fame have created a mutually exclusive dichotomy with family and love." "Blender" describes the song's sonic texture as, "so icy and desolate it should come with a pair of snowshoes" while PopMatters commented that "... it's the tone of the story that leaves the impression, not the stories themselves. He turns the vocal effects off to sound naked, vulnerable." Kid Cudi also received praise for his vocal ability, with Wilson McBee of "Slant Magazine" writing that his, "anxious cooing provides a perfect counter to West's attenuated sketches about fame and self-loathing."
Chart performance.
Backed by the momentum produced by the release of "808s & Heartbreak", "Welcome to Heartbreak" charted on the "Billboard" Pop 100. The song peaked at number eighty-seven based only on digital downloads. It was the third in a streak of album cuts that managed to enter the charts despite not being released as a single yet, preceded by the tenth track "See You in My Nightmares" which was a "Hot Shot Debut," peaking at number twenty-one one in the U.S. and at number twenty-two in Canada, and the fourth track "Amazing" which charted at eighty-nine on the Hot 100. On May 10, just a week prior to being released as a single, the song debuted in the thirty-fifth position on the UK R&B Chart. The following week, it moved up two places to reach its peak on the chart at number thirty-three.
Music video.
The music video for "Welcome to Heartbreak" was released on February 17, 2009 on West's blog, and was directed by Nabil Elderkin. The video, which features Kid Cudi, was filmed in a subway and distinctively expresses multifaceted, colorful patchworks of compression artifacts laced throughout its visuals, with certain scenes shot in slow motion. The resulting choppy, pixelated imagery makes it appear as if the software that rendered the final video outputted a low-resolution, artifact-heavy product. Elderkin pitched the concept, which he refers to as, "datamoshing" to Kanye while the two were collaborating on the photo album for West's Glow In The Dark Tour book.
"I knew that was the song this video had to be for. He liked what I showed him, and I nagged him a few times about doing it. ... I told him again, I really felt this would be a great visual for the song, and he pulled the trigger. I got busy on the phone trying to put it together, and somehow we did it the next day in New York. I shot all the extra components the following week in L.A." Elderkin felt the visual technique was perfect for portraying the tone of the introductory track. "I wanted to use technique in a more of strategic way, using calculated moshes, colors and textures to compliment the effect. Different parts of the songs represented different feelings, and I wanted to come with a visual representation of the flow and textures that are I feel are very important in this song." Following its completion, the music video was released ahead of schedule after they learned that the technique used within it had been employed in another video by the Brooklyn-based electronic group Chairlift.
Live performances.
While showcasing artists signed onto his G.O.O.D. Music imprint, West performed the song live with Kid Cudi at SXSW on March 21, 2009.
Personnel.
Information taken from "808s & Heartbreak" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="21594036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594036" title="Abdul Rasheed Hussain">
Abdul Rasheed Hussain

Abdul Rasheed Hussain (born September 16, 1946) is a former Minister for Employment and Labour of the Maldives. 
His first cabinet portfolio was as Minister of Atolls Administration in 1993. In addition, he has filled other cabinet positions such as Minister of Planning, Human Resources and Environment, Minister of Fisheries, Agriculture and Marine Resources, and Minister for Higher Education, Employment and Social Security during the Maumoon Abdul Gayoom administration. 
He holds a BA (Honours) in Economics from the University of Karachi in Pakistan and is the first Maldivian to hold a graduate degree in Economics. 
Abdul Rasheed Hussain is currently retired and lives in the capital Malé with his wife. 

</doc>
<doc id="21594039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594039" title="Social and Enterprise Development Innovations">
Social and Enterprise Development Innovations

Social and Enterprise Development Innovations (SEDI)
Founded in 1986, Social and Enterprise Development Innovations (SEDI) is a Canadian nonprofit organization dedicated to helping low-income earners gain financial independence through financial literacy, asset building and entrepreneurship. 
To achieve its goal, SEDI partners with businesses, governments and not-for-profit organizations to find innovative ways to reduce poverty in Canada. SEDI also helps shape Canada’s social policies by conducting market and policy research and acting as a knowledge broker between communities and governments.
SEDI is unique for its economic development innovations which, by being incorporated into public policies, affect Canadians on a large scale.
Key initiatives.
Financial literacy task force.
The included the creation of a financial literacy task force, a measure recommended by SEDI to the government. The independent, multi-sectoral task force will make recommendations to the minister of finance on a national strategy for financial literacy. With this initiative, Canada will join a growing list of countries including the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia and New Zealand that have developed national strategies to improve the financial literacy of their citizens.
Canadian Centre for Financial Literacy.
In November 2008, SEDI launched the Canadian Centre for Financial Literacy, a first of its kind in the country. The Centre seeks to partner with businesses, governments and communities across Canada to achieve its goal of increasing the financial literacy of over 230,000 lower-income Canadians by 2013. According to Statistics Canada, more than 4.7 million Canadians live on a low income.
Self-Employment Benefit program.
SEDI’s early work in the area of self-employment was incorporated into Canada’s new Employment Insurance legislation in 1992, making the Self-Employment Benefit available to unemployed people nationwide. From 1993 to 2005, under SEDI management, the Self-Employment Benefit program generated over $172 million in business revenues and 2,000 new jobs in the city of Toronto alone.
Youth Ink.
SEDI’s Youth Ink program has provided entrepreneurship training to over 250 front-line agents throughout the province of Ontario since March 2006. These agents have offered self-employment workshops to more than 2,000 youth from 50 communities.
"learn"$ave.
The 3,609 participants in SEDI’s learn$ave pilot program accumulated personal savings of $3.7 million over three years. These savings leveraged over $10 million in matched contributions from the federal government, enabling participants to invest in post-secondary education and job training or start small businesses.
Independent Living Accounts (ILA).
The 100 participants of the 2005 Independent Living Accounts (ILA) pilot saved over $33,000 in 16 months. The participants’ savings were matched with funds from the private sector, helping them move from shelters into private rental accommodation. In 2008, the program was implemented in six shelters across Toronto and received the Vital Ideas Award from the for its lasting impact on the community.
Entrepreneurship for people with disabilities.
Communities across the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Ontario and Nova Scotia are participating in SEDI’s program, which offers e-tools for individuals with disabilities who want to start their own business.
History.
SEDI was founded by Canadian social entrepreneur Peter Nares. In 2008, Nares was awarded an Ashoka Senior Fellowship for his innovative work in socio-economic development in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21594042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594042" title="Travis (chimpanzee)">
Travis (chimpanzee)

Travis (1995-2009) was a male common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes") who appeared in American television shows and commercials. In February 2009, Travis and his owner Sandra Herold gained international notoriety after he suddenly attacked Herold's friend Charla Nash and grievously mauled her, blinding her while severing her nose, ears, and both hands, and severely lacerating her face. He was subsequently shot dead on the arrival of the police, after trying to attack an officer.
As an animal actor, Travis had appeared in several television commercials, including spots for Coca-Cola and Old Navy. He had also appeared on "The Maury Povich Show", "The Man Show", and a television pilot that featured Sheryl Crow and Michael Moore.
Socialization.
Travis was born near Festus, Missouri, at Mike and Connie Braun Casey's compound, currently named the Missouri Chimpanzee Sanctuary. In a separate incident, Travis' mother Suzy was shot and killed following an escape in 2001. Sandra and Jerome Herold adopted Travis when he was three days old. They raised him at their home at Rock Rimmon Road in the North Stamford section of Stamford, Connecticut. Travis was the Herolds' constant companion and would often accompany them to work and when they went shopping in town. The Herolds owned a towing company, and Travis would pose for photos at the shop and ride with the tow truck, his seatbelt buckled and wearing a baseball shirt. Travis became well known in the town and had been known to greet police officers they would encounter when towing cars.
Having grown up among people Travis had been socialized to humans since birth. A neighbor said he used to play around with Travis and wrestle with him. He said the animal always knew when to stop and paid close attention to its owner. "He listened better than my nephews", the neighbor said, after Travis had mauled Nash. "I just don't know why he would do that".
Travis could open doors using keys, dress himself, water plants, feed hay to his owners' horses, eat at a table with the rest of the family, and drink wine from a stemmed glass; he was so fond of ice cream that he learned the schedules of passing ice cream trucks. He logged onto the computer to look at pictures, watched television using a remote control, and brushed his teeth using a Water Pik. He enjoyed watching baseball on television. Travis had also driven a car on several occasions. 
Jerome died from cancer in 2004, and the Herolds' only child died in a car accident; as a result, Sandra Herold regarded Travis almost as a son and pampered him. Sandra slept and bathed with Travis saying, "I'm, like, hollow now. He slept with me every night. Until you've eaten with a chimp and bathed with a chimp, you don't know a chimp."
Chimpanzees possess great strength. Male "Pan troglodytes", once past puberty, exhibit increasingly violent behavior as they age and are much more aggressive than gorillas. They attack faces and other projections of the body, biting and pulling with their hands and feet.
Attacks.
1996 incident.
After the 2009 incident became an international news story, a woman who had lived in the same area as Travis claimed that in 1996 the chimpanzee had bitten her hand and tried to pull her into a vehicle as she greeted him. She claimed to have complained to the Herolds and to police. The police have stated they have no records of any such complaint.
2003 incident.
In October 2003, Travis escaped from the Herolds' car and held up traffic at a busy intersection, and was free for several hours. The incident began after a pedestrian threw something at the car that went through a partially open window and struck Travis while they were stopped at a traffic light. Startled, Travis unbuckled his seat belt, opened the car door and chased the man, but did not catch him. When police arrived, they lured the chimpanzee into the car several times only to have Travis let himself out of another door and occasionally chase the officers around the car. The 2003 incident led to the passing of a Connecticut law prohibiting people from keeping primates weighing more than 50 pounds as pets and requiring owners of exotic pets to apply for a permit. The new law took effect in 2004, and as of Travis's death, no one in the state had applied to adopt a chimpanzee. The Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection did not enforce the law on the Herolds because they had owned 200-pound Travis for so long and because the DEP did not believe Travis posed a public safety risk.
2009 attack.
On February 16, 2009, Travis attacked Sandra Herold's 55-year-old friend Charla Nash, inflicting devastating injuries to her face and limbs. Travis had left the house with the Herolds' car keys, and Nash came to help get the animal back in the house; upon seeing Nash, Travis immediately attacked her. Travis was familiar with Nash, who had also worked at the Herolds' towing company, although Nash had a different hair style at the time of the attack. The chimp had been taking medication for Lyme disease. Herold, then 70 years old, attempted to stop Travis by hitting him with a shovel and stabbing him with a butcher knife. "For me to do something like that – put a knife in him – was like putting one in myself," Herold later said. The chimp turned around, she said, as if to say, "'Mom, what did you do?'" The animal was angered more. Herold then called 9-1-1 and pleaded for help. Travis' screams can be heard in the background of the tape as Sandra pleads for police, who initially believed the call to be a hoax, until she started screaming, "He's eating her!" Emergency medical services waited for police before approaching the house. Travis walked up to the police car when it arrived, tried to open a locked passenger door, and smashed a side-view mirror. Then he went calmly around to the driver's-side door and opened it, at which point Officer Frank Chiafari shot him several times. Travis retreated to the house, where he was found dead next to his cage.
The emergency crew described Nash's injuries as "horrendous". Within the following 72 hours, Nash underwent more than seven hours of surgery on her face and hands by four teams of surgeons. The hospital provided counseling to its staff members who initially treated her because of the extraordinary nature of Nash's wounds. Paramedics noted she lost her hands, nose, eyes, lips, and mid-face bone structure, and received significant brain tissue injuries. Doctors successfully reattached her jaw, but announced on April 7, 2009 that Nash would be blind for life. Her injuries made her a possible candidate for an experimental face transplant surgery. After initial treatment at Stamford Hospital, Nash was transferred to the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio. Her family started a trust fund to raise money to pay her "unfathomable" medical bills and support her daughter. Nash revealed her damaged face in public for the first time on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on November 11, 2009. She was not at that time in physical pain from the attack, and family members said she hoped to leave the Cleveland Clinic soon. Pictures have surfaced on the Internet displaying Nash's face before and after the attack.
In June 2011, Nash underwent transplant surgery performed by a team led by Dr. Bohdan Pomahač at the Harvard teaching affiliate, Brigham and Women's Hospital, receiving a donated face and hands. The hands transplant was successful, but because Nash developed pneumonia shortly thereafter, doctors were forced to remove her newly transplanted hands due to the infection and resulting poor circulation.
In accordance with standard procedure, Travis' head was taken to the state laboratory for a rabies test, and the body was taken to the University of Connecticut for a necropsy. The head tested negative for rabies, but there was Xanax remaining in his system. Necropsy results in May 2009 confirmed the chimp was overweight and had been stabbed.
The remains were cremated at All Pets Crematory in Stamford on February 25, 2009.
Toxicology reports confirmed Sandra's statement that she had given Travis Xanax-laced tea the day of the attack, which could have exacerbated his aggression. Xanax (Alprazolam) is a short acting potent anti-anxiety drug that can cause disinhibition and disorientation and occasionally paradoxical reactions of hallucination, aggression, rage and mania.
Lawsuit.
In March 2009, an attorney for Charla Nash's family filed a $50 million lawsuit against Sandra Herold. On May 6, a Stamford judge froze Herold's assets, valued at $10 million. Other potential defendants include the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection, the city of Stamford, and the veterinarian who prescribed the Xanax. The defense claimed the chimp had no violent behavior before the attack, and the two accusations in the 1990s attacks were untrue because the chimp had no teeth at the time.
On May 25, 2010, 15 months after the attack, the Associated Press reported that Sandra Herold had died of a ruptured aortic aneurysm at the age of 72. Her attorney, Robert Golger, released the following statement: "Ms. Herold had suffered a series of heartbreaking losses over the last several years, beginning with the death of her daughter who was killed in a car accident, then her husband, then her beloved chimp Travis, as well as the tragic maiming of friend and employee Charla Nash. In the end, her heart, which had been broken so many times before, could take no more."
In November 2012, Nash reached a settlement with Herold's estate and received approximately $4 million.
Nash attempted to sue the state of Connecticut in 2013 but was denied permission. She had asserted that officials knew the animal was dangerous but did nothing about it. Nash's petition to sue was denied on the basis that at the time of her attack, no statute existed that prohibited the private ownership of a chimpanzee. In July 2013, Nash's attorneys began efforts to appeal the court's decision.
In media.
Travis' escape and subsequent attack of Charla Nash were used as part of the "Chimps" episode of the "Animal Planet" 2010-2011 documentary series: "Fatal Attractions". Sound from the original 9-1-1 call, radio traffic from the police shooting of Travis, and the aftermath of the hunt were used in the episode.
News reports of the incident spread as far as Ireland and China. The attack, similar to another chimpanzee attack four years earlier in California, provoked discussion about the wisdom of keeping such exotic animals as pets by sources such as "TIME" magazine and primatologists Jane Goodall and Frans de Waal. Afterward, PETA members allegedly harassed Herold, although the organization stated that it did not have any official involvement.
The incident inspired controversy over a political cartoon: On February 18, 2009, the "New York Post" published a piece by Sean Delonas depicting a police officer with a smoking gun, standing over the corpse of a chimpanzee, and commenting to a fellow officer, "They’ll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill." The comic's publication triggered media and other commentary which purported a link between the cartoon's chimpanzee and the stimulus bill's champion, President Barack Obama, and racial overtones relating to African Americans' being portrayed as non-human apes. On February 24, 2009, the owner and Chairman of the "Post", Rupert Murdoch, apologized for the cartoon.
Reality television actress Kim Kardashian received criticism for posting photos of her family with a three-year-old chimpanzee on her blog only days after the attack. The chimpanzee had been rented for her television show, "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". Kardashian apologized and noted, "I understand my timing was not appropriate, and it was insensitive of me. What happened to the woman that was attacked by the chimpanzee was devastating. In no way did I mean to insult or offend anyone by posting these pictures."
Frank Chiafari, the police officer who fatally shot Travis, was initially unable to get his therapy for depression and anxiety covered after the incident. This led to legislation proposed in 2010 that would cover compensation for mental or emotional impairment after killing an animal when under threat of deadly force.
Influence on legislation.
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal noted that a defect in the existing 2004 Connecticut law prohibiting chimpanzees of Travis' size, itself a result of the 2003 incident, allowed the attack to occur. A Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) spokesman clarified that Travis was exempt because he did not appear to present a public health risk and was owned before the registration requirement began. Blumenthal subsequently sent letters to legislative leaders and the DEP Commissioner, asking them to support a proposed law that would ban all potentially dangerous exotic animals, such as chimpanzees, crocodiles, and venomous snakes, from being kept in a residential setting in Connecticut. The DEP was seeking a similar law banning large primates and, after the incident, announced that it sought the help of the public, police officers, and animal control officers to report such pets to the agency. The editorial board of "The Advocate" newspaper in Stamford also advocated banning the possession of all exotic birds and reptiles.
U.S. Representative Earl Blumenauer introduced the Captive Primate Safety Act introduced on January 6, 2009, which would have added monkeys, great apes, and lemurs to the list of "prohibited wildlife species" that cannot be sold or purchased through interstate and foreign sales. The attack led the Humane Society of the United States to join with the Wildlife Conservation Society in supporting the Act. Travis' attack resulted in the bill's reintroduction by co-sponsor, Rep. Mark Kirk, on February 23, 2009. Rep. Rob Bishop argued against the bill during the floor debate, noting it would cost $4 million annually and do nothing directly to prevent chimpanzee attacks on humans. He also claimed such attacks are relatively rare. Twenty states and the District of Columbia already have laws banning primates as pets. On February 23, 2009, the House voted 323 to 95 in favor of the bill, and the editorial boards of several major newspapers, including "The New York Times" and "Newsday", supported its passage. The bill was never taken up by the US Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="21594052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594052" title="Motorsport Club of Ottawa">
Motorsport Club of Ottawa

The Motorsport Club of Ottawa (MCO) was created in 1949 as the Ottawa Light Car Club. It is governed by the Canadian Automobile Sport Clubs - Ontario Region (CASC-OR). Club members participate in all levels of motorsports, including autocross, Solo Sprints, road and oval racing, TSD and performance rallys, karting, officiating and marshalling. Members have competed at the local, regional, national, and international level.

</doc>
<doc id="21594053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594053" title="Men's 1500 metres European record progression">
Men's 1500 metres European record progression

The following table shows the European record progression in the men's 1500 metres, as ratified by the EAA.
Hand timing.
(a) Sometimes given as 3:47.5.<br>
(b) Sometimes given as 3:40.5.
Automatic timing.
(a) Timed electronically at a time when records were ratified at intervals of one tenth of a second, these were considered equivalent performances.

</doc>
<doc id="21594055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594055" title="1985 Tel Aviv Open">
1985 Tel Aviv Open

The 1985 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 14 through October 21, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21594077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594077" title="Józef Zubek">
Józef Zubek

Józef Zubek (March 4, 1914 – November 6, 1988) was a Polish soldier and skier.
Zubek was born in Koscielisko and was the son of a family of skiers. He was an alpine skier and ski jumper in the "SN PTT-1907 Klub Sportowy Kemping Zakopane". He took part at the military patrol demonstration event of the 1936 Winter Olympics. The Polish team placed 8th. At the 1960 Winter Olympics he coached the cross-country skiing team and at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1939. He also worked as a mountain guide for the Club Wysokogórskiego, later as a ski instructor, and cross-country coach of the SN and the KS Kolejarz PTT.
In 1969, he was awarded as Master of Sport, and became honorary member of the SN PTT Zakopane in 1980. He died in Zakopane.

</doc>
<doc id="21594085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594085" title="List of 2009 Canadian incumbents">
List of 2009 Canadian incumbents

"See also:" "2008 Canadian incumbents, 2010 Canadian incumbents"
Federal government.
Cabinet.
"28th Canadian Ministry"
Members of Parliament.
See: 39th Canadian parliament, 40th Canadian parliament
Mayors.
see also list of mayors in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="21594090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594090" title="Lefty Clarke">
Lefty Clarke

Alan "Lefty" Thomas Clarke (March 8, 1896) - March 11, 1975)
was an American professional baseball player who played one game for the Cincinnati Reds in . He recorded one strike out while surrendering 7 runs (3 earned) on seven hits and two walks.
He was born in Clarksville, Maryland and died at the age of 79 in Cheverly, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21594112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594112" title="Back-up collision">
Back-up collision

Backup collisions happen when a driver reverses the car into an object, person, or other car. Although most cars come equipped with rear view mirrors which are adequate for detecting vehicles behind a car, they are inadequate on many vehicles for detecting small children or objects close to the ground, which fall in the car's blind spot, particularly directly aft. That area has been called a "killing zone." Large trucks have much larger blind spots that can hide entire vehicles and large adults.
Statistics.
According to research by the advocacy web site kidsandcars.org, back up collisions were the leading cause (34%) for U.S. non-traffic fatalities of children under 15 from 2006–2010.
The U.S. Center for Disease Control reported that from 2001–2003, an estimated 7,475 children (2,492 per year) under the age of 15 were treated for automobile back-over incidents. About 300 fatalities per year result from backup collisions.
The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found that back-up collisions most often:
The driver of the car backing up and hitting an object, a person, or another car is usually considered to be at fault.
Prevention and regulation.
Prevention organizations suggest that parents use common sense, and also take safety measures such as installing cross view mirrors, audible collision detectors, backup camera, or some type of reverse backup sensors. Furthermore, safer backing up is done when the driver turns completely around and looks out of the rear window of the car, rather than relying on mirrors. This provides a wider field of vision and better control of the vehicle.
In the United States, the Cameron Gulbransen Kids Transportation Safety Act of 2007 required the federal Secretary of Transportation to issue backup collision safety regulations within 3 years and require full compliance within 4 years after final rulemaking. As of 2012, regulations are still under study. About half of model year 2012 automobiles already have backup cameras installed.
Blind spot monitors and other technology.
Blind spot monitors are an option that may include more than monitoring the sides of the vehicle. It can include "Cross Traffic Alert," "which alerts drivers backing out of a parking space when traffic is approaching from the sides."

</doc>
<doc id="21594130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594130" title="1986 Tel Aviv Open">
1986 Tel Aviv Open

The 1986 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 6 through October 13, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21594133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594133" title="Ljajić">
Ljajić

Ljajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љајић) is a South Slavic surname most prevalent among Bosniaks

</doc>
<doc id="21594158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594158" title="Xavier Fulton">
Xavier Fulton

Xavier Allen Fulton (born April 18, 1986) is a Canadian football offensive tackle for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Illinois.
Fulton has also been a member of the Indianapolis Colts, San Francisco 49ers, and Washington Redskins. He was the starting left tackle, converted from a defensive end, for the Illinois Fighting Illini football team for which he also played in the 2008 Rose Bowl.
Early life.
Fulton played football at Homewood-Flossmoor High School from 2000–2004 for coach Tom Bailey. As a senior he recorded 98 tackles, 58 solo stops, and 7.5 sacks, as well as, 17 quarterback hurries, three blocked field goals, three fumble recoveries, and five PBUs. Fulton was named to All-State teams by the "Chicago Sun-Times", "Champaign News-Gazette", and Illinois High School Coaches Association. He was also named an All-Area performer by "Chicago Sun-Times", "Daily Southtown", and "Star Newspapers". Fulton was ranked as a Top-25 Illinois recruit by "Rivals.com", "ESPN", and "The Insiders". He was also named "SuperPrep All-Region". While at H-F, he lettered in football and wrestling. He is the son of Alma and Glen Fulton.
As one of the top defensive line recruits in the country, Fulton chose Illinois over Wisconsin, Purdue, Michigan, Michigan State, Northwestern University, Indiana, and more than 20 other top schools. He was recruited by Ron Turner and his staff.
College career.
As a true freshman Fulton played as a defensive end in eight games and started three, collecting six tackles, two quarterback hurries and one PBU. He recorded one solo tackle, two QBH and one PBU vs. Michigan. He also recorded tackles vs. Minnesota, Indiana, and Northwestern.
As a sophomore, Fulton played and started in the first seven games of the season before suffering a season-ending knee injury at Penn State. Before his injury he registered 13 total tackles, two tackles-for-loss, a sack, and three quarterback hurries. He had a career game at Indiana, recording three solo stops, 1.5 tackles for loss, and a blocked extra point attempt. He also recorded three quarterback hurries in the season opener against Rutgers and posted a sack against San Jose State.
For his junior year, he took a medical redshirt year to rehab his injured knee from the previous season.
In his 4th year, during spring practices in 2007, Fulton moved from defensive line to offensive line, specifically, from defensive end to offensive tackle. Fulton impressed the coaches so much that in his first time playing offensive tackle at the college level, he started at left tackle for all 13 games and was in on 997 offensive snaps. He recorded a team-leading 109 knockdowns, and helped pave the way for 260 rushing yards at No. 1 Ohio State, quadrupling the Buckeyes' average rushing yards allowed. At Minnesota, he led the way for 655 total yards, the third-best single-game total in school history. At Syracuse, he led the way for 508 total yards and 378 rushing yards, Illinois' most rushing yards since 1998. At Missouri, he protected for 316 passing yards, the best Illini aerial performance since Sept. 20, 2003, against Cal. Fulton finished the season with second-team All-Big Ten honors by both coaches and media, as well as, Rivals.com.
Fulton stayed for a 5th year and was part of an offensive line that has helped the Illini rank first in the Big Ten in total offense (448.3) and pass offense (274.5) and second in scoring offense (30.4) through 11 games. At Mizzou, he protected for 451 passing yards, the third-best passing total in Illinois history. Again, Fulton finished the season with second-team All-Big Ten honors by both coaches and media, as well as, Rivals.com. At Fulton’s senior banquet, he was honored with the Bruce Capel Award for displaying the most courage, dedication and accomplishment throughout the season. Immediately following his senior year, he was invited to the 2009 Under Amour Senior Bowl and played for the North team.
In December 2008, Fulton graduated from the University of Illinois with a bachelor's degree in sociology.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Fulton signed with agent Rick Smith from Priority Sports in Chicago. He trained at D1 Sports Training in Franklin, Tennessee, a facility owned by Peyton Manning. Fulton was one of only 300 top college football players to be invited to the 2009 NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, Indiana. Fulton posted phenomenal results at the 2009 Combine. He finished in the top 10 (OL) in 5 out of the 6 workouts: 40-yard dash, vertical jump, broad jump, 3-cone drill, & 20-yard shuttle.
His only workout that he did not finish in the top 10 was the bench press which is most likely due to his shoulder injury that he was having surgery on the week following the combine. He still posted an impressive 27 reps, only 3 away from a top 10 finish. Fulton was the top rated offensive tackle from the Big Ten Conference.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Fulton was the 19th pick in the 5th round of the 2009 NFL Draft, picked by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He will be wearing the number 68 on his jersey, the same as his collegiate number. On Wednesday, June 10, 2009, Fulton signed a four-year contract with the Buccaneers. He was the first draft pick by Tampa to reach a contract agreement with the club.
Fulton played a majority of the four preseason games before tearing his anterior cruciate ligament in the final preseason game against the Houston Texans on September 4, 2009. Fulton was put on Injured Reserve for the season.
After being drafted, Fulton signed a four-year endorsement deal with Nike.
Fulton was cut from the team on 4 September 2010.
Indianapolis Colts.
On 6 September 2010, Fulton was signed to the Indianapolis Colts practice squad. He was released on September 17.
San Francisco 49ers.
Fulton was signed on 10 November 2010. He was released on 30 November 2010.
Washington Redskins.
Fulton was signed on 20 December 2010. On January 3, 2010, Fulton signed a futures contract with the team for the 2011 season. He was waived on August 30, 2011.
2011 Lockout.
During the NFL labor dispute, Fulton trained in boxing in addition to his football conditioning at the Human Academy of Performance.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
On April 23, 2012, Fulton was traded to the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League from the Edmonton Eskimos, in exchange for a 6th round pick in the 2013 CFL draft.
Boxing & Golden Gloves Champion.
Fulton began boxing as a way to train for the NFL, most notably in the offseason prior to reporting for the Redskins training camp. In February 2012 he signed up for the Golden Gloves in Chicago and became a Golden Gloves Champion on April 13, 2012. In Fulton's boxing career he has stayed undeafeated at 3-0.
Personal life.
Fulton's younger brother, Zach Fulton, is an offensive lineman at the University of Tennessee. Zach Fulton, drafted to Kansas City Chiefs. 
Fulton is said to have a voice between James Earl Jones and Dennis Haysbert and has done voice-over work in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="21594233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594233" title="Carrybridge">
Carrybridge

Carrybridge is a hamlet in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. It is within the townland of Carry (from Irish "Caraidh" or "Cora") between Upper and Lower Lough Erne and serves as a marina. The area inholds Derryharney Church of Ireland and the Carrybridge Hotel, as well as the iconic bridge over the lough.
On 11/12 December 1956, the bridge was badly damaged by a thirty-five pound mine which had been planted there by the Irish Republican Army during their 1956 campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="21594236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594236" title="KELM">
KELM

KELM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21594252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594252" title="Jaque Catelain">
Jaque Catelain

Jaque Catelain (9 February 1897 – 5 March 1965) was a French actor who came to prominence in silent films of the 1920s, and who continued acting in films and on stage until the 1950s. He also wrote and directed two silent films himself, and he was a capable artist and musician. He had a close association with the director Marcel L'Herbier. (He was born as Jacques Guérin-Castelain; other variations of his name used at different times were Jaque-Catelain, Jacques Catelain, Jacques Catelin, and Jacque Cathelain.)
Early life.
Jaque Catelain was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye in the Pavillon Henri IV (he was said to have been born in the same room as Louis XIV). His father was then the mayor of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, and also moved in literary and theatrical circles, which allowed the young Jacques to encounter many famous names in his childhood, including Catulle Mendès, Anatole France, Sarah Bernhardt, and Gabrielle Réjane. He showed early enthusiasm for the arts and music, and at the age of 16 he entered the Académie Julian in Paris to study fine arts. With the outbreak of war in the following year, he changed direction and chose to study acting at the Conservatoire, enrolling in the class of Paul Mounet, before being mobilised into the artillery.
Career.
In 1914 Catelain met Marcel L'Herbier, then a writer and critic, who became a major influence on his life and career, and with whom he formed a lifelong friendship. When L'Herbier began directing films in 1917, Catelain became his leading man of choice and starred in twelve of his silent films, starting with "Le Torrent". The first major role to attract attention was that of the dissolute son of a Breton fisherman in "L'Homme du large" (1920). This was followed by "El Dorado", "Don Juan et Faust", "L'Inhumaine", and "Le Vertige", and they made Catelain into a leading star who was in demand to appear in foreign films as well as in productions of other French directors such as Léonce Perret (in "Kœnigsmark"). In 1922 he was working in Munich under contract to a German film company and he returned there in 1925 to appear in Robert Wiene's (silent) production of "Der Rosenkavalier". Also in 1925 he was offered a seven-year contract by MGM to work in America, but he turned this down.
Jaque Catelain's activities in this period extended beyond acting. He had already worked as an editor on "L'Homme du large", and when Marcel L'Herbier set up his own production company Cinégraphic in 1922, its first project became "Le Marchand de plaisirs" which Catelain directed as well as acting a double role in it. In the following year he wrote and directed a second film, "La Galerie des monstres" (1923/24). Both films were successful enough to cover their costs. He devised controversial make-up for some of the actors in "L'Inhumaine", and his artistic skills were put to further use in two set designs for "L'Argent" As a pianist he would sometimes step in to provide improvised accompaniment for previews of L'Herbier's films.
Catelain successfully made the transition from silent to sound films, starring in L'Herbier's "L'Enfant de l'amour" (1929), but during the 1930s he took fewer leading film roles and started to act in the theatre. In February 1933 Catelain married Suzanne Vial, a friend since childhood who had become a production assistant to L'Herbier in the 1920s and continued working with him until 1944. Soon afterwards in 1933/1934 Catelain was employed by the daily newspaper "Le Journal" to go to Hollywood to carry out a series of interviews with leading personalities such as Chaplin, Stroheim and Sternberg.
In May 1940, Catelain left France for a four-month theatrical tour of South America, but within a month France was occupied by the Germans and his absence lasted for six years. In Buenos Aires he became so ill with pneumonia that he was given the last rites, but he recovered and went to Canada for the next three years for work in the theatre and propaganda broadcasts. In 1943 he was invited to Hollywood and remained there for a further three years taking bits parts and film dubbing jobs. He returned to Paris in 1946, and resumed an occasional career in films, appearing in minor roles in three of Jean Renoir's films in the 1950s. In 1950, he published a biography and appreciation of the work of Marcel L'Herbier.
Catelain died in Paris in 1965, and he was buried in Passy Cemetery.
Reputation.
Jaque Catelain won considerable popularity in the early 1920s through his film roles as romantic lead or "jeune premier". His good looks were of a rather bland and pretty kind which did not commend him so much to later audiences, and he was often criticised for wooden and inexpressive performances. Some contemporary critics however, notably Louis Delluc, saw his restrained and economical technique as a significant development away from the exaggerated theatrical acting which was still common in films, and praised the sincerity and natural quality of his performances. Catelain himself was sufficiently thoughtful on the subject of acting to develop his views about the differences between 'interior' and 'exterior' performance in a journal article published in 1925. His own performance in "L'Homme du large" illustrates his understanding of the importance of movement and posture in relation to the camera frame at a time when a more 'expressionist' style of acting was common.
Selected filmography.
Silent Films
Sound films

</doc>
<doc id="21594254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594254" title="Sebaceous carcinoma">
Sebaceous carcinoma

Sebaceous carcinoma is an uncommon and aggressive malignant cutaneous tumor. Most are typically about 10 mm in size at presentation. This neoplasm is thought to arise from sebaceous glands in the skin and, therefore, may originate anywhere in the body where these glands are found. Because the periocular region is rich in this type of gland, this region is a common site of origin. The etiology of these lesions are, in the vast majority of cases, unknown. Occasional cases may be associated with Muir-Torre syndrome.
This type of cancer usually has a poor prognosis because of a high rate of metastasis.
Pathophysiology.
The cell of origin is usually unknown. Sebaceous gland carcinoma clearly resembles normal sebaceous glands and is thought to arise from them.
Morphology.
Well-differentiated and moderately differentiated sebaceous carcinoma tend to exhibit vacuolization within the cytoplasm of the tumor cells. Histology may mimic basal cell carcinoma.
Treatment.
This type of carcinoma is commonly managed by local resection, cryotherapy, topical chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. Multimodal therapy has been shown to improve both visual prognosis and survival.
Mohs micrographic surgery has become the treatment of choice for this form of cancer. When used as the primary treatment modality for sebaceous carcinoma of the eyelid, Mohs surgery is associated with significantly lower local and distant recurrence rates.

</doc>
<doc id="21594259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594259" title="1987 Tel Aviv Open">
1987 Tel Aviv Open

The 1987 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 12 through October 19, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="21594264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594264" title="List of It Takes a Thief (1968 TV series) episodes">
List of It Takes a Thief (1968 TV series) episodes

This is a list of episodes for the 1968 television series "It Takes a Thief".
List of episodes.
Season 3 (1969–1970).
Malachi Throne was no longer a regular cast member by this time, and his Noah Bain was no longer a regular character; Edward Binns's Wallie Powers had become Alexander Mundy's boss.

</doc>
<doc id="21594271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594271" title="Educators of Change">
Educators of Change

Educators of Change is an alternative certification teacher-development program instituted in 2007 by Duval County Public Schools in Jacksonville, Florida. 
Purpose.
Educators of Change was established to build a cohort of public school teachers consisting of professionals and other individuals who had achieved success outside of the education field. Currently in its second enrollment cycle, the program has attracted individuals from financial, business, communications, and non-profit areas. The program requires a Bachelor's degree and a subject-specific test of its applicants, and those who are selected are placed into an intensive preparatory program.
Individuals who join the program are either changing careers or returning to the workforce, including retirees. In addition to business experience gained from current or former jobs, candidates may exhibit a volunteer-based leadership background.
Background.
The program is one of many across American public school districts that have been enacted to improve the quality of students' education experience. For example, the New York City Teaching Fellows program, which encourages mature professionals to enter teaching, is credited with helping to narrow the teacher-qualification gap between poor and well-to-do schools from 2000 to 2005 as documented in a 2008 study by the nonpartisan National Bureau of Economic Research.

</doc>
<doc id="21594291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594291" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Orleans Parish, Louisiana">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Orleans Parish, Louisiana

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Orleans Parish, Louisiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Orleans Parish, Louisiana, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 150 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the parish, including 25 National Historic Landmarks. Because Orleans Parish is consolidated with New Orleans, properties are listed by ward rather than by city or town.

</doc>
<doc id="21594295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594295" title="William Peck">
William Peck

William Peck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21594341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594341" title="DOCUMERICA">
DOCUMERICA

DOCUMERICA was a program sponsored by the Environmental Protection Agency to "photographically document subjects of environmental concern" in the United States of America from about 1972 to 1977. 
The images were made by approximately 70 well-known photographers contracted by the EPA for this project. Photographers included Danny Lyon, Gene Daniels, Marc St. Gil, Anne LaBastille, Bill Strode, Charles O'Rear, Jack Corn, Tomas Sennett, Erik Calonius, Yoichi Okamoto, Ken Hayman, and John H. White.
Like the photographers of the Federal photographic project of the Farm Security Administration during the Great Depression, some of the DOCUMERICA photographers interpreted their mission rather broadly, and sometimes artistically. Many of the photographs preserve a distinct visual record of time and place.
Some of the subjects photographed are urban cityscapes, everyday life in small towns, scenes of natural beauty including beaches and mountains, urban areas including junk yards, pollution treatment, highways, air quality and heavy industry; Amtrak; air and water pollution; waterfronts; mining and logging scenes; farms; and people, including workers in industry, environmental protection, farming, and mining. Among the areas included are National Parks and Forests, environmentally sensitive areas that were under development or considered for government protection, the planned route of the Alaska Pipeline, Hawaii and Washington, D.C.. The project even included some photographs of Canada, Yugoslavia and Austria
Digital scans of over 15,000 of the original 35mm color slides and black and white negatives and prints are available through the National Archives and Records Administration's Archival Research Catalog.
A book currently in print, "Searching for the Seventies: The DOCUMERICA Photography Project," edited by Bruce I. Bustard, features 100 images from the project.
The color of many of the original negatives has degraded. 

</doc>
<doc id="21594355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594355" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2001">
Miss Universe Nederland 2001

The Miss Universe Nederland 2001 pageant was held on March 25, 2001. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2001 .
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21594356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594356" title="Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog">
Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog

Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog is a book by Canadian children's book author Tim Beiser, illustrated by Canadian painter Rachel Berman. It was published by Tundra Books in March 2009.
Synopsis.
Bradley McGogg makes his home in the bog where there are plenty of yummy bugs for a frog to feed on. Upon finding his pantry bare one day, Bradley decides to meet his neighbors, in the hopes that they will share some of their favorite meals with him. But this “bog frog” soon finds that not all animals eat alike.
Critical reaction.
According to critics, "The rhythm, rhyme, and vivid descriptions make the story come to life." "Rhyming stories are notoriously difficult to write, but here the scansion works and the rhyme (both internal and end rhymes) makes the story a delight to read out loud." "Tim Beiser does a bang-up job, using all the tricks of the trade, such as enjambment, sound echoes, and internal rhyme ... The rhyming verse is so fresh and the illustrations so full of personality and emotion that we quickly forget the slight premise and simply enjoy Brad’s neighbourhood kitchen crawl." 
Rachel Berman "uses magical images to illuminate the text and to engage readers in the story in wonderful ways! ... The paintings provide readers with a feast for the eyes and the imagination!."

</doc>
<doc id="21594384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594384" title="Fowler's Bluff, Florida">
Fowler's Bluff, Florida

Fowler's Bluff is an unincorporated community in Levy County, Florida, United States. It is a small, river-side central Florida community near the southern end of the Suwannee River. The nearest significant city is Chiefland, approximately 15 miles to the northeast. The community provides river access via a public boat ramp located at 15597 NW 46th Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="21594397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594397" title="New People's Party (Korea)">
New People's Party (Korea)

The New People's Party of Korea () was a communist party in Korea. It was formed on 16 February 1946 by Korean Communists who had been exiled in China. New People's Party had more moderate positions in some issues compared with the Communist Party of North Korea, therefore it was rather popular at wide range of Korean people. The leader of the Party was Kim Tu-bong. 
On 22 July 1946 the Communist Party of North Korea joined with the New People's Party, the Democratic Party and the Party of Young Friends of the Celestial Way (supporters of an influential religious sect) to form the United Democratic National Front which put all of North Korea's parties under the "leading role" of the Communists.
Then, on 29 July 1946, the New People's Party and the Communist Party of North Korea held a joint plenum of the Central Committees of both parties and agreed to merge into a single entity. A founding conference was held on 28-30 August, where the united party adopted the name Workers Party of North Korea. The new party had a membership of more than 170,000 with 134,000 coming from the Communist Party of North Korea and 35,000 from the New People's Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21594401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594401" title="Fetus (biology)">
Fetus (biology)

A fetus (sometimes spelled foetus) is a stage in the development of viviparous organisms. This stage lies between the embryonic stage and birth.
The fetuses of most mammals are situated similarly to the "homo sapiens" fetus within their mothers. However, the anatomy of the area surrounding a fetus is different in litter-bearing animals compared to humans: each fetus of a litter-bearing animal is surrounded by placental tissue and is lodged along one of two long uteri instead of the single uterus found in a human female.
Development at birth varies considerably among animals, and even among mammals. Altricial species are relatively helpless at birth and require considerable parental care and protection. In contrast, precocial animals are born with open eyes, have hair or down, have large brains, and are immediately mobile and somewhat able to flee from, or defend themselves against, predators. Primates are precocial at birth, with the exception of humans.
The duration of gestation in placental mammals (i.e. mammals other than monotremes and marsupials) varies from 18 days in jumping mice to 23 months in elephants. Generally speaking, fetuses of larger land mammals require longer gestation periods.
Benefits of a fetal stage.
A fetal stage means that young are more developed when they are born. Therefore, they may need less parental care and may be better able to fend for themselves. However, carrying fetuses exerts costs on the mother, who must take on extra food to fuel the growth of her offspring, and whose mobility and comfort may be affected (especially toward the end of the fetal stage).
In some instances, the presence of a fetal stage may allow organisms to time the birth of their offspring to a favorable season.
Evolution of fetal stage.
Many vertebrates have fetal stages, ranging from most mammals to many fish. In addition, some invertebrates bear live young, including some species of onychophoran and many arthropods. The prevalence of convergent evolution to the fetal stage shows that it is relatively easy to develop. Indeed, it presumably originates from a delay of egg release, with the eggs being hatched inside the parent before being laid. Over time, the robustness of the egg wall can be decreased until it becomes little more than a sac.
Etymology and spelling variations.
The word fetus is from the Latin "fetus", meaning "offspring", "bringing forth", "hatching of young". It has Indo-European roots related to sucking or suckling.
Foetus is a variation of the Latin spelling, and has been in use since at least 1594, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, which describes it as "incorrectly written"; it arose as an erroneous hypercorrection, possibly first made by Saint Isidore of Seville in AD 620. The common English spelling in UK and Commonwealth countries, as well as in some other languages (e.g., French), is "foetus". In the United States, in the medical/research community internationally, and in Latin, "fetus" is agreed-upon as the standard spelling.
Its correct plural is "fetuses", not "feti", as Latin "fētus" is fourth declension and its Latin plural is "fētūs".

</doc>
<doc id="21594405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594405" title="Frederick Follett">
Frederick Follett

Frederick Follett (November 1, 1804 Lincoln, Ontario County, New York - January 18, 1891 New York City) was an American journalist, newspaper editor and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Frederick Follett (1761-1804).
In 1819, his brother Oran Follett (member of the New York State Assembly in 1824) founded the "Spirit of the Times", a weekly newspaper at Batavia, New York. In 1825, Oran removed to Buffalo, New York, and Frederick took over the paper. In 1826, Frederick married Sarah Sutherland, and they had three sons. In August 1836, he sold the newspaper, and went to Texas to join Sam Houston's army, but the Texas Revolution had ended before he arrived.
From 1840 to 1843, he edited the "Batavia Times and Farmers and Mechanics Journal". He was Postmaster of Batavia, NY, from 1843 to 1849. In 1847, he published "History of the Press of Western New-York" (Rochester NY, 1847, 76 pages).
In 1847, he ran for Canal Commissioner on the Democratic ticket, but was defeated. He was a Canal Commissioner from 1850 to 1855, elected in 1849 and 1852 on the Democratic ticket.
He died at his home at 231, West One Hundred and Thirty-fifth Street in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21594416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594416" title="Edward Toussaint">
Edward Toussaint

Edward Toussaint, Jr. (born October 7, 1941) is an American lawyer and judge from Minnesota. For 16 years, from 1995 until July 2011, he served as a judge on the Minnesota Court of Appeals.
Toussaint was appointed Chief Judge of the Minnesota Court of Appeals in 1995 by Minnesota Governor Arne Carlson. He held the position until October 2010, when he stepped down as Chief Judge to take a seat on the court as an associate judge. He remained on the court until July 15, 2011, when he retired due to the state's mandatory retirement age.
Toussaint now serves as a professor of law at William Mitchell College of Law in Saint Paul. Before serving on the Court of Appeals, Toussaint served as a district judge in Hennepin County.

</doc>
<doc id="21594451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594451" title="Francis Gillingham">
Francis Gillingham

Prof. Francis "John" Gillingham, CBE, MBE(Mil.) (15 Mar 1916 – 3 January 2010) was a British neurosurgeon.
Early life.
Gillingham was born in Dorchester, Dorset, England on March 15, 1916, the only son of Mr. and Mrs. J.H. Gillingham. He was educated at Hardye’s School, Dorset, and then studied medicine at St. Bartholomew’s Hospital Medical College of London University 
Involvement in the Second World War.
After completing house appointments at St. Bartholomew’s and Lord Mayor Treloar Cripples’ Hospital, in Hampshire, he joined the Royal Army Medical Corps. Subsequently he was appointed General Duties Officer at the Military Hospital (head injuries), Oxford, under Colonel Hugh Cairns and Group Captain Symonds. 
He served from El Alamein onwards and later returned to Oxford under Sir Hugh Cairns.
After World War II, he returned to St. Bartholomew’s Hospital with Sir James Paterson Ross and Mr. J.E.A. O’Connell.
Move To Edinburgh and Subsequent Presidency of The Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh.
In 1950, he moved to Edinburgh and was appointed Consultant Neurosurgeon in the Department of Surgical Neurology. Additionally he was appointed Director of the Department and Senior Lecturer in Surgical Neurology at the University of Edinburgh. In 1955, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. In 1980 he was elected President of the College.
In 1962, he was named Reader and, in 1963, succeeded Professor Norman Dott as Professor of Surgical Neurology, University of Edinburgh.
Francis Gillingham was considered a pioneer in the field of Stereotactic surgery and was widely credited with introducing the concept of subspecialty fellowships to British neurosurgical training.
Due a growing reputation as an expert in Parkinsons Disease Gillingham was selected to operate on S. J. V. Chelvanayakam, Leader of the Tamil United Liberation Front, who was suffering from the disease. The surgery, carried out in Edinburgh in 1961 was deemed a success and ultimately prolonged Chelvanayakam's life. 
In January, 1982, Prof. Gillingham was made a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, three years previously he had also received the "Clark Foundation Award for Services to Road Safety" after campaigning for seatbelts to become mandatory in every car. 
Retirement.
Prof. Gillingham retired in 1985 and lived in Edinburgh until 2005, after which he moved to Prebendal, Shipton-under-Wychwood. He died aged 93 on Sunday 3 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21594465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594465" title="Heinz Müller (footballer born 1943)">
Heinz Müller (footballer born 1943)

Heinz Müller (born 24 April 1943) is a retired German football player. He spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21594480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594480" title="1988 Tel Aviv Open">
1988 Tel Aviv Open

The 1988 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1988 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 10 through October 17, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21594484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594484" title="Telcagepant">
Telcagepant

Telcagepant (formerly MK-0974) was an investigational drug for the acute treatment and prevention of migraine, developed by Merck & Co. In the acute treatment of migraine, it was found to have equal potency to rizatriptan and zolmitriptan in two Phase III clinical trials. The company has now terminated development of the drug.
Mechanism of action.
The calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) is a strong vasodilator primarily found in nervous tissue. Since vasodilation in the brain is thought to be involved in the development of migraine and CGRP levels are increased during migraine attacks, this peptide may be an important target for potential new antimigraine drugs.
Telcagepant acts as a calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor (CRLR) antagonist and blocks this peptide. It is believed to constrict dilated blood vessels within the brain.
Termination of a clinical trial.
A Phase IIa clinical trial studying telcagepant for the prophylaxis of episodic migraine was stopped on March 26, 2009 after the "identification of two patients with significant elevations in serum transaminases".
A memo to study locations stated that telcagepant had preliminarily been reported to increase the hepatic liver enzyme alanine transaminase (AST) levels in "11 out of 660 randomized (double-blinded) study participants." All study participants were told to stop taking the medication.
On July 29, 2011, it was reported that Merck & Co. were discontinuing the clinical development program for telcagepant. According to Merck, "decision is based on an assessment of data across the clinical program, including findings from a recently completed six-month Phase III study".

</doc>
<doc id="21594521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594521" title="Jim Powell (sportscaster)">
Jim Powell (sportscaster)

Jim Powell is an American radio and television sportscaster, currently employed with Major League Baseball's Atlanta Braves after 13 seasons (1996–2008) with the Milwaukee Brewers.
A native of Roswell, Georgia, Powell was educated at the University of Georgia. He began his baseball play-by-play career with the minor-league Columbia Mets (1987–89, 1993–94) and Charlotte Knights (1990–91, 1995), also calling games part-time for the Minnesota Twins in 1993-94 before being hired by the Brewers in 1996. Teaming with Bob Uecker, Powell called Brewers games for WTMJ radio and was named Wisconsin Sportscaster of the Year in 1998. In 2009 he began teaming with Don Sutton to call games on the Atlanta Braves Radio Network.
In addition to his baseball work, Powell has called college football (for the University of Georgia, University of South Carolina, and CBS Radio) and college basketball (for Davidson College and South Carolina) at various points in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21594578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594578" title="1989 Tel Aviv Open">
1989 Tel Aviv Open

The 1989 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 16 through October 23, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="21594591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594591" title="Edward Major">
Edward Major

Lieutenant Colonel Edward Major (1615 – c. 1655) was a Virginia soldier, landowner and politician.
Life.
Major was born in England around 1615. He moved to Virginia in 1635 and became a prominent farmer and militia leader in Nansemond County. He was a Burgess from Upper Norfolk Co. in 1645.
Major was closely associated with Puritan settlers in the colony, and was elected Speaker of the House of Burgesses in 1652, just after Virginia acceeded to the authority of Parliament following the execution of King Charles I.

</doc>
<doc id="21594592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594592" title="Roy Crabb">
Roy Crabb

James Roy Crabb was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched part of one season, , in the majors. He made his major league debut in August for the Chicago White Sox, and ten days later his contract was sold to the Philadelphia Athletics, where he finished the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21594602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594602" title="MV Retriever">
MV Retriever

Motor Vessel "Retriever" was a World War II-era Landing Craft Utility transferred to NASA from the U.S. Army. It was used to train United States astronauts for post-splashdown ocean recovery operations and water egress from their command modules during the Gemini and Apollo programs from 1963 to 1972. It operated primarily in Galveston Bay and the Gulf of Mexico.
MV "Retriever" was one of 500 Mk V LCTs built (numbered, not named). LCU-15301 was acquired by NASA under a reimbursable loan agreement dated March 4, 1963, from the U.S. Army at Ft. Eustis, Virginia.
The sides of the vessel's midsection were cut down, a new bridge built and a hoist added for NASA use. It was under the jurisdiction of the Manned Spacecraft Center's Landing and Recovery Division, and its captains included Frank M. Gammon, Sr., CWO, US Army and Dino E. Bernardi, USCG (1971-72).

</doc>
<doc id="21594613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594613" title="Jakob Modalsli">
Jakob Modalsli

Jakob Modalsli (1911 – 1984) was a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Strømm, and graduated from the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1936. In 1947 he was hired as secretary general of the Norwegian Agrarian Association; in 1949 he became director of the "Direktoratet for eksport- og importregulering". From 1952 to 1960 and 1962 to 1966 he was the permanent under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Defence. From 1966 to 1981 he was the County Governor of Østfold. From 1973 to 1977 he was the chair of the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation.

</doc>
<doc id="21594646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594646" title="List of reptiliomorphs">
List of reptiliomorphs

A list of reptiliomorphs throughout their time.

</doc>
<doc id="21594652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594652" title="Chennai RBTW">
Chennai RBTW

The Chennai Rapid Bus Transit Ways (RBTW) is a part of the Medium-term and Long-term Transport Scheme proposed in the Second Master Plan by CMDA. This is not a part of Chennai BRTS which is proposed on a separate elevated road that is to be constructed as circular corridors.
The Rapid Bus ways proposed along the following 7 routes, covering a distance of 100 km, would be taken up in the Medium-term Transportation Scheme
The following 8 routes will be covered in the Long-term Transportation Scheme

</doc>
<doc id="21594665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594665" title="Derk-Elsko Bruins">
Derk-Elsko Bruins

Derk Elsko Bruins (20 March 1923 – 5 February 1986) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Derk Elsko Bruins was born on the 20 March 1923, in Vlagtwedde in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.
World War II.
In 1941, he volunteered to join the Waffen SS and was posted to the 1st Company, SS Panzerjäger Battalion 54 SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Brigade Nederland and trained as a Panzerjäger. He was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 23 August 1944, for the destruction of twelve tanks in the Battle of Narva.
At the end of July the 23rd SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division "Nederland" had been forced to withdraw to a new front line. During the withdrawal, the SS Panzergrenadier Regiment 48, had been left behind. On the morning on 27 July Bruins platoon was ordered to try to locate the missing Regiment believed to have been cut off about ten kilometers away.
Setting out with three assault guns he located a Soviet tank patrol and in the small battle two of his assault guns were put out of action and two Soviet tanks destroyed. Not wanting to advance further by himself he located a position he could watch out for the missing regiment.
Shortly afterwards, he observed some Soviet tanks approaching, he engaged the approaching tanks and destroyed five T-34s and disabled another. Running short on ammunition, he decided to return to the German lines. On the way back he engaged and destroyed a further five tanks.
Post war.
At the end of the war, Bruins was captured by a Canadian Army unit and handed over to the Dutch authorities. He was held in a Dutch prison from which he soon escaped and fled to Germany.
In 1950, he married a German girl and was given German citizenship. This made it impossible for the Dutch authorities to pursue him and stopped trying to get him returned to the Netherlands in 1955.
Bruins became a successful businessman and kept in contact with his former comrades, until his death on the 5 February 1986, in Gerolstein Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21594668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594668" title="Franz Brungs">
Franz Brungs

Franz Brungs (born 4 December 1936 in Bad Honnef) is a retired German football coach and player. As a player, he spent eight seasons in the Bundesliga with Borussia Dortmund, 1. FC Nürnberg and Hertha BSC.

</doc>
<doc id="21594691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594691" title="Knut Korsæth">
Knut Korsæth

Knut Villy Korsæth (born 19 January 1932) was a Norwegian educator, sports official and politician for the Labour Party. Mainly working as a school director during his professional life, he was also involved in politics and sports administration where he lived. His highest office was that of County Governor, and he was also a member of the board of the Norwegian Confederation of Sports.
Career.
He was born in Berg i Østfold. His first job was as a school teacher in Sagene from 1953 to 1961. At the same time, he completed the examen artium in 1954, and took exams to work as a teacher in English and physical education. In 1967 he graduated in geography with a minor in history. He had already worked as the municipal school inspector in Flå since 1961, and in Nordre Land from 1965 to 1971. He was a member of Nordre Land municipal council from 1967 to 1971.
From 1971 to 1974 he was the school director in Lillehammer. He was the school director of Oppland county from 1974 to 1981, but had a leave of absence most of the period, as he served as the mayor of Lillehammer from 1975 to 1981. From 1973 to 1981 he was also a deputy member of the Parliament of Norway. He was then the County Governor of Oppland from 1981to 2002.
Korsæth was involved in the Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities between 1976 and 1983. He was also a member of the board of De Sandvigske Samlinger from 1976 to 1983, of Norsk Rikstoto from 1988 to 1990 and of Norway Crafts from 1990 to 1995.
Korsæth was also involved in sports for many years. While living in Flå, he was the chairman of the local sports club Flå IL from 1961 to 1965, and from 1963 to 1965 he was deputy chairman of the district athletics association and chaired the district skiing association. From 1984 to 1985 he chaired Lillehammer IF, and also the Gudbrandsdal athletics district association. He also chaired its successor organization, the Oppland district athletics association, from 1985 to 1987 and 2005 to 2007. He was a central board member of the Norwegian Athletics Association from 1985 to 1990, and of the Norwegian Confederation of Sports from 1991 to 1994. He helped organize the 1994 Winter Olympics at Lillehammer. He later chaired the Oppland district sports association from 1994 to 2002, and the handball club Gjøvik og Vardal HK from 2002 to 2004.
In 2003 he was proclaimed an honorary member of the Norwegian Olympic Committee and Confederation of Sports. He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21594704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594704" title="Batasia Loop">
Batasia Loop

The Batasia Loop is a spiral railway created to lower the gradient of ascent of the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India. At this point, the track spirals around over itself through a tunnel and over a hilltop. It was commissioned in 1919. 
Geography.
Batasia Loop is located at .
Location.
It is 5 km from Darjeeling, below Ghum. There is also a memorial to the Gorkha soldiers of the Indian Army who sacrificed their lives after the Indian Independence in 1947. 

</doc>
<doc id="21594717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594717" title="Electricity sector in Ireland">
Electricity sector in Ireland

The electricity sector in Ireland previously operated as two separate markets; Northern Ireland operated as part of the UK, and the Republic of Ireland operated its own separate market. On 1 November 2007 the two Transmission System Operators (System Operator Northern Ireland and EirGrid) established the Single Electricity Market (SEM) for the island of Ireland. The SEM has created "a gross mandatory pool market, into which all electricity generated on or imported onto the island of Ireland must be sold, and from which all wholesale electricity for consumption on or export from the island of Ireland must be purchased." According to the Electricity Association of Ireland: EAI, The Single Electricity Market (SEM) is a market of approximately 2.5 million customers; 1.8 million in the Republic and 0.7 million in Northern Ireland.
Electricity in the Republic of Ireland.
Electricity generators in the Republic of Ireland are ESB, Airtricity, Synergen (70% ESB), Edenderry Power, Endesa-Ireland and Huntstown (Viridian). ESB owns the transmission and distribution networks.
The Transmission System Operator (TSO) is EirGrid plc, which assumed the role from ESB Networks on 1 July 2006. EirGrid ensures the safe, secure and economic operation of the high voltage electricity grid. EirGrid is owned by the Irish State and is established as a result of a government decision to create an independent organisation to carry out the TSO function, in order to assist the liberalisation of Ireland's electricity industry and the development of a competitive market.
The electricity industry is regulated by the Commission for Energy Regulation (CER) which also regulates the natural gas market. The functions and duties of the CER have been altered and expanded significantly by legislation transposing EU directives into Irish law.
Electricity in Northern Ireland.
Electricity is regulated by the Northern Ireland Authority for Utility Regulation. There are three power stations in the province: Ballylumford power station, Coolkeeragh power station and Kilroot power station. Northern Ireland Electricity (a subsidiary of ESB Group) owns the transmission and distribution networks.
The Single Electricity Market means that Northern Ireland Electricity carries electricity on its network in exchange for a regulated charge to the electricity supply company. As of September 2011 domestic customers in Northern Ireland are able to buy electricity from Power NI, Airtricity, or Budget Energy, with significant price differences among the three. Industrial and commercial customers are able to choose from several other electricity suppliers.
The Transmission System Operator (TSO) is System Operator Northern Ireland (SONI Ltd). SONI ensures the safe, secure and economic operation of the high voltage electricity grid in Northern Ireland. SONI's counterpart in the Republic of Ireland is EirGrid. Both of these are owned by EirGrid plc which also (through a partnership of SONI and EirGrid) acts as the Single Energy Market Operator (SEMO), i.e. runs the new all-island wholesale market for electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="21594718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594718" title="Louis Morin">
Louis Morin

Louis George Morin ( 18 February 1922 – 3 May 2003 ) was an American chemist and inventor.
Biography.
Morin was born in Saint-Paul-de-Montminy, Quebec and immigrated to the United States as a child. He began experimenting with the use of crystals in radio transmitter design while serving in the U.S. Army during the Second World War and later operated several commercial electroplating facilities in Westchester County, New York. In 1969, Morin produced the gold-plated mesh used on the Apollo Lunar Module’s erectable S-band antenna. He held numerous patents in the field of electrochemistry and developed a number of original methods for the electroplating of non-metallic filaments. In 1980, Morin used the latter methods to produce the dielectric composite in the stealth technology airframe of the B-2 Spirit. Morin lived in Tarrytown, New York and spent the later years of his life working in experimental crystallography. He also recorded a series of audio lectures that were widely disseminated throughout the metal finishing industry. He died of heart failure in the Bronx, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21594740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594740" title="Unjalur">
Unjalur

Unjalur is a panchayat town situated in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is situated about from Erode, a major railway junction in the Southern division of the Indian Railway and from Kodumudi, which is well known for the 'Thrimurthy Kovil' or a temple dedicated to the divine trinity- Bramha, Vishnu and Shiva.
The town is situated on the banks of the river Kaveri and connected strategically both by road and rail. Unjalur is considered by some to be an excellent spot for silent and spiritual getaways.
Places of interest.
nagaeswara swamy temple
The place known for its peace.the temple was constructed nearly 500 years ago by a pandiya king.this temple is now under the control of TN government.This temple is not reconstructed till now(2012).the people of the village and government decided to do this.
Sellandi amman Kovil
Near bank of River Kaveri..
Adhishtanam of Sri Seshadri Swamgal
A Sookshma-Samadhi of Sri Seshadri Swamigal of Tiruvannamalai is present at Unjalur. Also known as an 'Adishtanam', pujas and abhishekams are performed on a daily basis. The Aradhanai of Sri Seshadri Swamigal is conducted here once a year, on a grand scale that lasts for a week in the month of (Dec-Jan)by the Seshadri Swamigal Association, Coimbatore. The Aradhanai draws devotees from all over India.
Raghavendra Matham
A 'Brindavanam' or a place of worship dedicated to Sri Raghavendra Swami is located off the agraharam at Unjalur. The Brindhavanam has sannidhi's(sanctum-sanctorum)dedicated to Lord Shiva,Vishnu and Subrahmanya. The temple gigantic fig tree flanks visitors at its entrance.
Mariamman Temple
A temple dedicated to Mariamman,the 'Grama-Devatha' is the other temple located in the vicinity of the agraharam.A large statue of the presiding-deity-Ellai Mariamman is located adjacent to the temple, right opposite to the Adhishtanam.
River Kaveri 
A unique distinction occupied by this tiny and non-descript village is its proximity to the river Kaveri.Led by a series of steps,two river-banks provide picture-perfect settings to the uninitiated visitor.A canal for irrigation runs in parallel to the river Kaveri.Agriculture is the mainstay with rice,sugarcane and turmeric being the major crops cultivated in the region.
Demographics.
According to the India population census 2001,the total population of Unjalur stands at 2,628,with a sex-ratio of 99.5 percent with 1,317 males and 1,311 females.The literacy percentile of Unjalur is 72.9 percent.
Connectivity.
Unjalur is located on the Erode-Tiruchirappalli railway line.The Tiruchirappalli-Mangalore express is one train that halts at Unjalur regularly. Other passenger and fast-passenger trains stop at this station. However, all major express trains (barring a few such as the Jan-Shatabdhi express) stop at Kodumudi(6 km from Unjalur), which is the next station on the same line. All express trains make a brief stopover at Unjalur during the seven-day period of the Sri Seshadhri Swami's Aradhanai.
Unjalur can be reached by road conveniently. It is 30 km from Erode and 6 km from Kodumudi on SH-84. One can also detour at Velayudhampalayam on the Salem-Karur stretch of NH-7 and travel till the Noyyal-intersection on SH-84 to reach Unjalur.
Nearest airports are at Tiruchirappalli(112 km) and Coimbatore(132 km) that also serve as international airports.
References and external links.
1.^ "Census of India 2001: Data from the 2001 Census, including cities, villages and towns (Provisional)". Census Commission of India. Archived from the original on 2004-06-16. http://web.archive.org/web/20040616075334/http://www.censusindia.net/results/town.php?stad=A&state5=999.
2.^"List of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies". Tamil Nadu. Election Commission of India. http://archive.eci.gov.in/se2001/background/S22/TN_ACPC.pdf. Retrieved on 2008-10-09.

</doc>
<doc id="21594742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594742" title="Sadegh Nojouki">
Sadegh Nojouki

Sadegh Nojouki (, born 1950 Shahbaz, Tehran, Iran) is a famous Iranian composer, songwriter and arranger. He has composed and arranged some of the most popular songs before and after the Iranian revolution. He introduced a new style into Iranian music, successfully merging traditional and pop instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="21594747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594747" title="Hubert Schöll">
Hubert Schöll

Hubert Schöll (born October 20, 1946; died on unknown date) was a German football player. He spent 5 seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg and Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21594760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594760" title="Old Indiana County Courthouse">
Old Indiana County Courthouse

The Old Indiana County Courthouse is a former courthouse located in Indiana, Indiana County, Pennsylvania. The courthouse was built between 1869 and 1870 and designed by local architect James W. Drum. It was the second courthouse to serve the county, with the first demolished in 1868. The final cost of the project was $150,000. A dedication ceremony took place on December 19, 1807. Former Governor of Pennsylvania William F. Johnston spoke at the ceremony.
The architecture, done in the Second Empire Italianate style, is primarily red brick and stone. The roof was designed in the Mansard style. The courthouse features a gold leaf cupola clocktower with four faces. The main courtroom, located on the second floor measured by , with a ceiling. 
The large clock in the cupola was the largest in the county at the time. It was manufactured by Howard Clock Company of Boston and Springfield, Ohio. The four faces were each in diameter. The clock required winding once a week, a 15-minute process. Today the clock runs on a new digital style, that turns the hands on the faces of the clock. 
A jail and sheriff's residence was constructed next door in 1879, with a bridge that connected it to the courthouse to transport prisoners. At least six individuals were hung in the court’s jailyard, between 1882 and 1913.
On September 24, 1945, a picture of Indiana-native Jimmy Stewart in front of the courthouse was featured on the cover of "LIFE" magazine. John F. Kennedy gave a speech outside the courthouse on October 15, 1960 while campaigning during the presidential election. In the rafters above the court room, there is a painted "JFK". As to whether this was from JFK himself is unknown. 
The courthouse held its final session on November 11, 1970. After being replaced by the newer building, the now “old” Courthouse fell into disuse and was scheduled for demolition. The county commissioners offered a restoration-lease agreement to interested parties. On January 3, 1972, the commissioners approved an agreement with the National Bank of the Commonwealth, who planned to renovate the building for administrative use. NBOC was required to spend $100,000 in restoration over the initial three year lease period in order to be eligible for a 47 year extension. The bank agreed to pay $12,000 total in taxes and rent for use of the courthouse, including the jail next door when it was vacated. 
Today the entire bell tower is supported by scaffolding set up in the main court room of the building, due to the age of the building's supports. This area is not seen by visitors very often. 
The courthouse was later listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29, 1974. Currently the building serves as administrative offices for First Commonwealth Financial. 
The courthouse is featured in the Miniature Railroad & Village at the Carnegie Science Center in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="21594762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594762" title="1990 Riklis Classic">
1990 Riklis Classic

The 1990 Riklis Classic was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 8 through October 15, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21594808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594808" title="Hans Jäcker">
Hans Jäcker

Hans "Hennes" Jäcker (20 November 1932 – 7 April 2013) was a German football player. He spent 11 years with Eintracht Braunschweig, including four seasons in the Bundesliga starting with the league's foundation in 1963.
After retiring as a player, Jäcker worked as a youth coach at Eintracht Braunschweig and for a time managed Regionalliga Nord side Leu Braunschweig. From 1980 to 1983 he also served as the president of Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21594811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594811" title="Nickel Plate 779">
Nickel Plate 779

Nickel Plate Road 779 is 2-8-4 or "Berkshire" type steam locomotive built for the New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad in May 1949, for use on fast freight trains. It was the last new steam locomotive to be delivered to the Nickel Plate Road, and it was one of the last steam locomotives manufactured by Lima Locomotive Works.
In May 1963, it was donated to the City of Lima, Ohio and placed on display in Lincoln Park, where it remains to date.

</doc>
<doc id="21594838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594838" title="Jim Walkup (left-handed pitcher)">
Jim Walkup (left-handed pitcher)

James Huey "Jim" Walkup (November 3, 1895 – June 12, 1990) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Walkup played for the Detroit Tigers in . In 2 career games, he had a 0–0 record, with a 5.40 ERA. He batted right and threw left-handed.
Walkup was born in Havana, Arkansas, and died in Duncan, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21594850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594850" title="Jon Arvid Lea">
Jon Arvid Lea

Jon Arvid Lea (born 9 September 1948) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He is a cand.polit. by education. He was a head of department in the Norwegian Ministry of Government Administration from 1994. In 1997 he was acting County Governor of Hedmark, and from 1999 to 2001 he was acting County Governor of Buskerud. After a year as director of secondary schools in Vestfold County Municipality, from 2002 to 2003, he was hired as the first director of the Norwegian Directorate for Civil Protection and Emergency Planning.

</doc>
<doc id="21594852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594852" title="Coreus marginatus">
Coreus marginatus

Coreus marginatus is a herbivorous species of True Bug in the family Coreidae. It is commonly known as the dock bug as it feeds on the leaves and seeds of docks and sorrels. It is a medium-sized speckled brown insect, between 13 to 15 mm long as an adult, with a broad abdomen. It occurs throughout Europe, Asia and northern Africa. It is often found in dense vegetation, such as hedgerows and wasteland.
Taxonomy.
This species was among the first Hemiptera formally described in the scientific literature by the Swedish biologist Carl Linnaeus in 1758, under the name "Cimex marginatus". It was transferred to the genus "Coreus" by the Danish zoologist Johan Fabricius in 1794. It has numerous synonyms and was historically placed in the genus Syromastus.
The specific epithet "marginatus" refers to the prominent margins of the abdomen.
Description.
The head, pronotum and abdomen of an adult dock bug are speckled reddish-brown. The antennae are composed of four segments, red-orange in colour except for the final fourth segment which is black. Between the antennae are two small projections, known as antenniferous tubercles, which can be used to distinguish this species from other superficially similar species. The pronotum has angular upward facing projections and the scutellum is clearly visible. The rounded edge of the abdomen has lighter coloured markings. Adults are between 13 to 15 mm long and males are typically smaller than females but have longer antennae.
Like other Coreidae, "Coreus marginatus" has scent glands with small pores in the middle of its thorax which can release strong-smelling, irritating, volatile defensive chemicals when disturbed. The pores have an ultrastructure composed of mushroom-like structures that are connected to each other via ridges and trabecules. The chemical composition of the scent gland secretions is similar between males and females, although the relative proportions are different. In females the most prevalent chemical compound is hexanoic acid while in males it is stearic acid.
Distribution.
Linnaeus originally described the species from Europe with only one of his specimens having a specific locality of England. Other early specimens collected by Goeze are from France The current distribution is extensive and covers: Europe, from Portugal to Finland; Asia, from Russia to China; and Africa, known only from Algeria.
Life cycle.
Like other Coreidae the dock bug has an annual life cycle consisting of an egg followed by five successive nymphal instars before becoming an adult. It overwinters as an adult and copulates in the typical heteropteran back-to-back position, laying large brown eggs between late May and early July. The eggs take around 3 to 4 weeks to hatch. The young nymphs will feed on leaves and stems while the older nymphs, like the adults, feed on seeds. The nymphs mature to adults from August onwards.
Diet.
The dock bug is herbivorous and feeds on a wide variety of plants from different families. While the common name in English refers to its preferred diet of docks and sorrels and other plants in the family Polygonaceae, they also readily feed on certain species of Asteraceae and Rosaceae. Adults are known to feed on raspberry, gooseberry and sometimes blackcurrant.

</doc>
<doc id="21594921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594921" title="John W. Downey">
John W. Downey

John W. Downey (October 5, 1927 – December 18, 2004) was a contemporary classical composer, conductor, pianist and educator. His works have been performed extensively in Western and Eastern Europe, South America, Australia, Africa, the Middle East, Israel, Asia, Mexico and Canada, as well as throughout the United States.
Biography.
A native of Chicago, Downey earned a Bachelor of Music degree from DePaul University and a Master of Music from the Chicago Musical College of Roosevelt University, while working at night as a jazz pianist. Downey was later awarded a Fulbright Scholarship to study with his mentors Honegger, Milhaud and Boulanger in Paris where he earned a Prix de Composition from the Paris Conservatoire National de Musique and a Ph.D. (Docteur es Lettres) from the University of Paris-Sorbonne. Given the honorable title of “Chevalier de l’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres” for his scholarly achievements, Downey was knighted by the French government in 1980.
Downey inspired students of music, composition and theory at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee for 35 years, before retiring in 1998 as Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Music. He was Founder and Director of the Wisconsin Contemporary Music Forum as well as Director of Theory for the Milwaukee Youth Symphony Orchestra.
Downey has said, “I teach because I truly believe that I have an obligation to pass on to future generations the knowledge which I have been privileged to attain.”
Downey has been the recipient of many prestigious honors and commissions, some of which are from the National Endowment for the Arts, Ford Foundation, ASCAP, Copley Foundation, Millay Colony, Moebius Foundation, MacDowell Colony, Hartt School of Music, Rutgers University, Butler University, University of Wisconsin, Bennington College, Lawrence University, Fine Arts Quartet, Woodwind Arts Quartet, Milwaukee Symphony, Wisconsin Arts Board, Milwaukee Youth Symphony Orchestra, MacDowell Club of Milwaukee and Wisconsin String Academy. His recording "Agort" was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize in 1973. In 1990, the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters bestowed upon Downey the Walter Heinrichsen Award. He was a National Patron of Delta Omicron, an international professional music fraternity.
Among the numerous composers with whom Downey had the opportunity to work are Copland, Alexander Tcherepnin, Rieti, Sessions, Messiaen and Krenek. Lukas Foss, Zdenek Macal, Margery Deutsch, Izler Solomon and Pierre-Michel LeConte are just some of the conductors who have performed his music. Many individual performers have commissioned works from Downey including George Sopkin, Erie Mills, Geoffrey Simon, Yolanda Marculescu, Jeffrey Peterson, Stanley DeRusha, Daniel Neesley, Harvey Phillips, Stephen Basson, Robert Thompson, Gary Karr and Tom Stacey.
Author of "La Musique populaire dans l’Oeuvre de Bela Bartok", Downey is listed in Who’s Who in America, the International Who’s Who in Music, Dictionary of International Biography, Baker’s Biographical Dictionary of Musicians, and The New Grove Dictionary of American Music.
Downey often collaborated with his wife of 48 years, Irusha Downey, a linguist, translator, pianist and poet who preceded him in death in 2000. Her poem "A Dolphin", set to music by Downey, is one of his most frequently performed compositions. She also performed "Adagio Lyrico" for two pianos with Downey (the first title of this composition was "Adagio pour les morts" and it is dedicated to Downey's brother Jimmie, who died in 1944).
Downey’s compositions have been recorded on the Orion, Composers’ Recordings, Gasparo, Cala, Heritage and Chandos record labels.
John Downey had a beautiful daughter named Lida Downey who married Richard Munson. John Downey had two grandchildren, the cooler one named Sean Munson, who is very successful with his girlfriend, Ivy Yip. The not so cool one named Larissa Munson. The dog, Echo Munson, is cooler than Larissa.
John Downey died on December 18, 2004.
Works.
"Adagio Lyrico" for Two Pianos (1953)
"Chant to Michaelangelo" (1958)
"Octet for Winds" (1958) 
"Eastlake Terrace" for Piano (1959)
"Pyramids" for Piano (1961) 
"String Quartet No. 1" (1962)
"Sonata" for Violin, Cello and Piano (1966)
"Jingalodeon" (1968)
"Agort" for Woodwind Quintet (1971)
"Almost 12" for Chamber Orchestra (1971)
"Symphonic Modules Five" for Orchestra (1972)
"What if?" for SATB Chorus, Brass Octet and Percussion (1973) 
"A Dolphin" for Tenor and Chamber Ensemble (1974)
"String Quartet No. 2" (1976)
"High Clouds and Soft Rain" for 24 Flutes (1977)
"Lydian Suite" for Cello (1978)
"The Edge of Space / Fantasy" for Bassoon and Orchestra (1978)
"Silhouette for Double Bass" (1980)
"Duo" for Oboe and Harpsichord (1981)
"Portrait No. 3" for Flute and Piano (1984) 
"Prayer" for Violin, Viola and Cello (1984) 
"Declamations" (1985)
"Concerto for Double Bass and Orchestra" (1987)
"Recombinance" for Contrabass and Piano (1989) 
"Call for Freedom" for Symphonic Winds (1990)
"Fanfare for Freedom" for Winds and 2 Harps (1991)
"Ode to Freedom" for Orchestra (1993)
"For Those Who Suffered" (Yad Vashem - An Impression) (1994)
"Ode to Freedom" for Wind Ensemble (1995)
"Soliloquy" for English Horn (1996)

</doc>
<doc id="21594923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594923" title="Gobert">
Gobert

Gobert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21594928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594928" title="George Messo">
George Messo

George Messo (born April 10, 1969) is an expatriate English poet and translator who was born in rural Lincolnshire, near the town of Barton-Upon-Humber. He moved to Trabzon, Turkey, in 1998 and has since lived in Oman and Saudi Arabia. He was the editor of "Near East Review" from 2001 to 2007. Messo is a Fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society.
Poetry.
Messo's poetry collections are "From the Pine Observatory" (2000), "Entrances" (2006), "Hearing Still" (2009) and "Violades & Appledown" (2012). He appeared in the 2006 Stride anthology, "The Allotment: New Lyric Poets", edited by Andy Brown.
"The Economist" has associated Messo with the so-called Istanbul School, which includes the English poet and travel writer John Ash.
Translation.
Messo is a prominent translator of Turkish poetry. He was shortlisted for the Popescu Prize for European poetry translation in 2007 for his versions of İlhan Berk, "A Leaf about to Fall: Selected Poems" (2006) and again in 2011 for "İkinci Yeni: The Turkish Avant-Garde" (2009). Other books include both İlhan Berk's "Madrigals" (2008) and poetic trilogy, "The Book of Things" (2009), two major anthologies "İkinci Yeni: The Turkish Avant-Garde" (2009) and "From This Bridge: Contemporary Turkish Women Poets" (2010), as well as Gonca Özmen's "The Sea Within" (2011) and Birhan Keskin's "& Silk & Love & Flame" (2013). Messo is the editor of the "Turkish Modern Poets Series" for Red Hand Books, and the editor of the bi-lingual journal "Turkish Poetry Today".

</doc>
<doc id="21594931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594931" title="Jürgen Moll">
Jürgen Moll

Jürgen Moll (born 16 November 1939 in Karlsbad; died 16 December 1968 on Bundesautobahn 7 near Egestorf in a car crash) was a German football player.
Early life.
Moll was born in Karlsbad, Sudetenland in 1939, but came to Braunschweig as a refugee with his family at the end of World War II.
Career.
Moll spent his entire ten-year professional career with Eintracht Braunschweig, including six seasons in the Bundesliga, starting with the league's foundation in 1963. He joined the club for the 1957–58 season from Leu Braunschweig, at the time the city's second best team. During the early 1960s he succeeded the retiring Werner Thamm as Eintracht's most prolific goal scorer. Moll was also the player to score Eintracht Braunschweig's first ever Bundesliga goal.
However, later in his career he was turned from a center forward into a defender by Eintracht Braunschweig manager Helmuth Johannsen. Moll stayed one of the club's key player in his new position as well, starting every single game in the team's 1966–67 championship-winning season.
Personal life.
Moll was married to the actress Sigrid Mollwitz. The pair had two daughters.
Death.
Moll and his wife died in a car accident while on return from vacation during the winter break of the 1968–69 season. Two charity matches were played for the benefit of the Molls' children, the first featured West Germany's 1954 FIFA World Cup winning squad in the line-up of the tournament's final, the second saw a combined squad of Eintracht Braunschweig and rivals Hannover 96 take on a Bundesliga all-star team. Moll's funeral in Braunschweig was attended by 4,000 people, including the then-current German national team and the entire squad of Hannover 96.

</doc>
<doc id="21594942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594942" title="1991 Riklis Classic">
1991 Riklis Classic

The 1991 Riklis Classic was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 7 through October 14, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21594950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594950" title="Astoria Boulevard">
Astoria Boulevard

Astoria Boulevard is an important east-west commercial street in northwestern Astoria, Queens, New York City. It runs from 1st Street at the East River to the World's Fair Marina on Flushing Bay, where it merges with Northern Boulevard. Just before the junction of the two boulevards, there is a large two lane ramp leading to the Whitestone Expressway. Most of the traffic on Astoria Boulevard heads toward this ramp, and then onto the Expressway. 
Astoria Boulevard is the southern border of Astoria Heights, and the northern border of North Corona. 
In East Elmhurst, Astoria Boulevard is a wide six lane, median divided street. However, traffic is usually light on the boulevard, presumably because the boulevard runs parallel to the busier Northern Boulevard and Grand Central Parkway. During rush hours, though, this road becomes a major artery, serving as an alternate route to the Grand Central Parkway to access the Whitestone Expressway, and as a result, it frequently becomes congested. The efficient synchronization of the traffic lights minimize heavy delays, making this a popular alternate route to take instead of the Grand Central. The portion of Astoria Boulevard between roughly 31st and 78th Streets in Astoria serves as a frontage road, or service road for the Grand Central Parkway.
Between 31st and 1st streets, it is a busy two lane road, with bidirectional traffic. Here most of the traffic is bound for either the Whitestone Expressway or the Grand Central Parkway. 
Astoria Boulevard is served by the BMT Astoria Line at the Astoria Boulevard station (), as well as the Q19, Q49 and M60 bus routes.

</doc>
<doc id="21594970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594970" title="Chujō-ryū">
Chujō-ryū

Chujō-ryū (中条流) is a koryū martial art founded in the 14th century by Chujō Nagahide, who studied under Nenami Okuyama Jion and his Nen-ryū style of swordsmanship.
History.
Having benefited from the good graces of being on the right side of the Kenmu Restoration, Chujō Nagahide's family had prospered, allowing him to study the Chujō clan's style of swordsmanship in a time when swordsmanship was surpassed by the bow and arrow and spear. Eventually he came to Nenami Jion's dojo.

</doc>
<doc id="21594975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594975" title="Gipps">
Gipps

Gipps may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="21594986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594986" title="Punkitsch">
Punkitsch

Punkitsch is the second EP by SuG, released September 3, 2008. It includes 5 tracks and a DVD, which included the music video for "butterfly BoY", and making of footage for "butterfly BoY".
Music video.
The video opens with Takeru (the lead singer) in what appears to be an old abandoned warehouse or factory using a paper cutter to make counterfeit money. After finishing, he puts the bills away and smiles, and the words, "Life is all good." appear as subtitles on the bottom of the screen. He then reaches over and turns on a stereo, starting the song. The song plays, showing scenes of the band dressed in Oshare Kei costumes playing their instruments and singing apparently outside of the factory at night, surrounded by fog, dead plants, dirt, and litter with paper cut-outs of animals and colored balls suspended in the air around them. Scattered images of a ventilation fan spinning, and close-ups of Takeru on a chair surrounded by subwoofers and singing into a large lollipop are shown as well. At the climax of the song, Takeru throws the fake money into the air and continues to sing as it falls on the band like rain. After the song ends, the video cuts back to the room with the paper cutter, this time with all the band members in it counting the fake money. Their speech replaced with English subtitles, the band exclaims that they will now be able to buy anything and throw handfuls of the counterfeit bills into the air. As they continue to celebrate in silence, the English phrase, "Is there the value that you can't buy for money?" appears in the center of the screen and the video fades to black.

</doc>
<doc id="21594991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594991" title="Radio-Active-Music">
Radio-Active-Music

Radio-Active-Music is an independent record label founded in 2004 and based in Washington DC. Radio-Active-Music releases and distributes bands in the goth and industrial genres.
Overview.
Radio-Active-Music is currently home to approximately two dozen artists, including Hopeful Machines (a side-project of Ego Likeness), XUBERX, 23RAINYDAYS, Gravity Euphonic, Third Realm, and Heretics in the Lab. Radio-Active-Music is currently distributed by Super D One Stop, and COP International.
History.
Radio-Active-Music.com was founded by Laura Hofford in 2004. While her start in the entertainment business came through theatre technology and design (BA, Theatre Arts - Virginia Tech, 2004), she has broadened her range to include a wide variety of artist support, including, of course, music promotion.
As fate would have it, Hofford landed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity during college in becoming an intern for D1 Music Network, an independent record company founded by Jay Gordon of Orgy. During her time there, she gained experience in online DJ'ing, band webdesign, A&R, and eventually went on to be the editor for the journalism staff. But her interest in band promotion didn't end there. The excitement she had gained in working for D1 had expanded to a point where she felt the need to take indie band promotion to the next level for electro/industrial bands. And so Radio-Active-Music.com was born in 2004 as a way to help bands in these genres of music get ahead.
Over the next few years, Radio-Active-Music expanded to include supporting several other music-related businesses. For several years, Hofford served as the online promotions coordinator for Electricult Records - an indie label in Australia (with distribution through MGM) founded by Manek of Dead Inside The Chrysalis. Hofford also worked as the head of promotions for Strangeland Records - an indie record store in the Washington, DC metro that specifically catered to electronic, industrial, metal, and punk music - for most of its 2-year run. And from July 2006 through December 2008, she was the associate promoter / booking agent for Midnight - DC's largest and longest running goth/industrial night currently in operation.
As Radio-Active-Music.com has grown, the site has evolved to include several other staff members and freelancers to help with the increasing needs of the bands and the community. All of the staff members of the site have extensive backgrounds in promotion in these genres, and are joined by an ever-growing street team who is promoting Radio-Active-Music.com and its artists all over the world.
Radio-Active-Music.com was initially located in southwestern Virginia, but relocated to Washington DC in 2005. Radio-Active-Music.com has sponsored and produces countless shows at venues all over the area, from small instores to large festivals (including the company's own yearly festival, Nuclearfest), working with brand new bands to national artists. Finally, in the fall of 2008, Hofford announced that the company would be evolving to focus specifically on the growing record label and distribution aspects of the business.
Official Releases.
RAM001 - Various Artists - Radio-Active-Music.com v1.0
RAM002 - Cynergy 67 - New Machine
RAM003 - XUBERX - Rogue State
RAM004 - dharmata 101 - Protest Songs for the Content
RAM005 - XUBERX - Intelligent Demise
RAM006 - 23RAINYDAYS - Wonderful Disaster
RAM007 - 23RAINYDAYS - From Today Until Forever
RAM008 - Die With Me Tonight - Die With Me Tonight
RAM009 - Hopeful Machines - ::Skinless::
RAM010 - Turbulent Soundscape - Wake the Fkuc Up
RAM011 - XUBERX - Intelligence, Revised
RAM012 - Reaver - Eternal Psychonaut
RAM013 - Espermachine - Espermachine
RAM014 - hERETICS iN tHE lAB - tERRIBLE tHINGS
RAM015 - Third Realm - Love is the Devil
RAM016 - dharmata 101 - transcendental hygiene EP
RAM017 - Gravity Euphonic - Gravity Euphonic
RAM018 - Delica-m - Hyperstimulus

</doc>
<doc id="21594993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594993" title="Musée Matisse">
Musée Matisse

Two museums in France are called Musée Matisse.

</doc>
<doc id="21594994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594994" title="Konrad B. Knutsen">
Konrad B. Knutsen

Konrad Birger Knutsen (21 September 1925 – 2 October 2012) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He was born in Voss, and grew up in Bergen and Trondheim. He took the cand.jur. degree and worked at the Norwegian School of Economics and the Ministry of Local Government. He was appointed as chief administrative officer in Hetland in 1958, as the youngest person in Norway to hold that position. When Hetland was incorporated into Stavanger municipality, Knutsen became chief administrative officer of technics. He then succeeded Andreas Cappelen as chief administrative officer of finance in Stavanger from 1967 to 1973, and County Governor of Rogaland from 1973 to 1981. From January 1975 to November 1981 he served as the State Conciliator of Norway. He was then the chief executive officer of the bank Rogalandsbanken from 1981 to its liquidation in 1987, then a lawyer.
During Knutsen's career in Stavanger and Rogaland, the city was chosen as headquarters for Statoil and the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate, and industry was expanded at Forus. He also worked for a University of Stavanger, which became a reality in 2005. Knutsen was also chair of Elf Aquitaine Norway and board member of the Norwegian Missionary Society and the Norwegian Seamen's Mission.
He was decorated as a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1980 and of the Legion of Honour in 1984. He died in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21594995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594995" title="Messiah (Derren Brown special)">
Messiah (Derren Brown special)

Messiah is a Derren Brown special originally shown on Channel 4 on 7 January 2005 at 21:00. In the episode, Brown travels to the United States to try to convince five influential figures that he has special abilities in their particular field of expertise: psychic powers, Christian evangelism, New Age theories, alien abduction and contacting the dead, with the objective of getting them to endorse him as a practitioner in their field.
The concept of the show is to highlight the power of suggestion with regard to beliefs and people's abilities, and failure to question them. Brown makes it quite clear that if any of the subjects accused him of trickery he would immediately come clean about the whole thing, a rule similar to one of the self-imposed rules of the perpetrators of the Project Alpha hoax. Using a false name each time, he succeeds in convincing four "experts" that he has powers, who openly endorsed him as a true practitioner. The fifth expert, the Christian evangelist Curt Nordheilm, is reserved in his response; whilst impressed by Brown's performance, he does not agree to a public endorsement without at least meeting him again. Brown concludes with his impressions of the experience and summary of how belief systems work.
Psychic Powers.
Derren Brown asked a leading figure at a psychic training school to go into another room and draw a number of simple pictures on any topic she wished. After each picture had been completed, Brown would have his prediction of what the picture was of written down by the other members of the training school in the room with him. He was mostly correct, the one slight error being a cross instead of a Star of David (though he did state it was some kind of religious imagery - "maybe" a cross?). On one occasion when Brown was telling the participant to draw the next picture, he instructed the lady to "let some ideas sail into your mind" and not to go "overboard on detail". She drew a boat on water.
UFO Abductee.
Derren Brown contacted a leading proponent of UFO abductions, claiming, under his pseudonym, to have been abducted. He further claimed that, since his abduction, he was able to sense a person's medical history and current medical state by touch alone. He invited the lady, and her husband, to decide between them which one he should 'read'. Turning his back and closing his eyes, he waited while one of them made physical contact with him. At this point he stated that the person touching him had or was having trouble sleeping, and had some problem with their heart or throat. Turning around, he further informed the lady that she had had something serious with her throat but that it had been 'decades' ago. He asked if he was close, to which she replied he was exactly correct. She further characterised his reading as 100% accurate. She very sincerely endorsed him to camera, and invited him to speak at a meeting of her group. He declined the invitation.
New-Age Theories.
Derren Brown instructed a leading new-age theorist to sleep with a machine attached to her pillow for five days. She was told that this machine used crystal technology to record her dreams. In fact it was simply a box with a switch which turned a LED on and off. Brown recalled the dreams correctly, including the fact that some were in black-and-white instead of colour. (Twelve percent of people dream only in black and white). The participant was so impressed that she invited Brown to appear on her radio show the next day, which he declined.
Evangelism.
Brown performed seemingly 'instant conversions' on a group consisting of members of the public, almost all of whom were atheists and non-believers. After the first 'instant conversion' many of the group reportedly chose to leave, concerned by what they had just witnessed. Brown then attempted to 'convert' another individual and then the remainder of the group at once. After this, participants were questioned and most declared a belief in, or openness to the idea of, God or "something". At the end of the segment, a notice on screen announced that the participants had all been "de-converted" before they left. In conclusion, the pastor neither endorsed Brown's abilities as genuine nor denied them, but noted this was an unfamiliar form of conversion experience to him. Instead, he asked for another meeting with Brown before any public endorsement could be considered, which Brown turned down.
Contacting the Dead.
Brown explained that many mediums use a technique called cold reading. To illustrate this he arranged a clairvoyant demonstration with ""fairly sceptical New Yorkers"". During the séance Brown convinced three women into believing that he was in contact with deceased loved ones and during the performance many tears were shed. Afterwards it was explained to the participants that it was a trick, and those appearing agreed to broadcasting the event.
Conclusion.
Derren Brown ends the episode with a monologue, describing his impressions of the experience. His conclusion is that belief systems work in similar ways: that people tend to hear only things that support their own ideas and ignore contradictory evidence; this principle is known in psychology as confirmation bias. More subtly Brown leaves viewers questioning whether, by not achieving his stated objective, he is cleverly demonstrating this principle himself: Brown admits his own scepticism is also subject to this principle and claims success because none of his subjects asked him if the experience was real, however he makes no further reference to his goal of convincing all his subjects to agree to a public endorsement.

</doc>
<doc id="21594999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21594999" title="Garg (surname)">
Garg (surname)

Garg is a one of gotra or surnames of the Agarwal Vaishya community. Garg was the eldest brother among the 18 sons of King Agersane. Other sons were Mittle, Kansal, Bansal, Goyal etc. Names of all the 18 sons become surnames for Aggarwal. King Agersane was from Haryana and most of Aggarwal community therefore reside in northern India, specifically in Haryana, Delhi, and Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="21595003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595003" title="Gourinathdham railway station">
Gourinathdham railway station

Gourinathdham railway station serves Gourinathdham and surrounding areas in Purulia district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
The railway station.
The railway station is on NH 32. It is located at an altitude of above sea level. It has a single platform. The railway station was allotted the station code of GTD and is under the jurisdiction of Adra railway division of South Eastern Railway.
History.
The Purulia-Ranchi line was opened as a wide narrow gauge railway in 1907. It was named Ranchi-Purulia Railway and operated by Bengal Nagpur Railway.
The Kotshila-Ranchi sector was converted to wide broad gauge in 1962 and the Purlia-Kotshila sector in 1992.
Electrification.
The Purulia-Kotshila sector was electrified in 1998-99.

</doc>
<doc id="21595018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595018" title="Peniophora">
Peniophora

Peniophora is a genus of fungi which are plant pathogens. Members of the genus belong to the class Basidiomycetes, order Russulales, and family Peniophoraceae. The genus is widespread, and contains 62 species. The species of "Peniophora" are resupinate, or crust-like, and are described as corticioid. A number of its members are parasitised by other fungi. For example "Tremella mesenterica" is a parasite to several species of "Peniophora".
Taxonomy and classification.
The genus was first described by Mordecai Cubitt Cooke in 1879. The type species is "Peniophora quercina", initially named "Thelephora quercina" by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801 before being transferred to "Peniophora" by Cooke in 1879. However, this species was also chosen as the type species for the genus "Corticium" as defined by Persoon in 1794. Until 1981 the starting point for the nomenclature of the corticioid fungi was the publication of Fries' first volume of the "Systema mycologicum", which was set at January 1, 1821. "Corticium" Persoon (1794) was therefore a devalidated name because it was published before the starting point. Mycologists of the later 19th and 20th centuries, including Patouillard (1900), Burt (1914–26), and Bourdot and Galzin (1928) distinguished species of "Peniophora" Cooke by their hymenial cystidia from species of "Corticium" Persoon, which lacked them. Despite being synonyms under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature (ICBN), "Corticium" and "Peniophore" were used in this encompassing sense well into the 20th century. Changes made to the ICBN in 1981 included moving the starting point date for fungi back to May 1, 1753, the publication date of Linnaeus' "Species plantarum". Names published between 1753 and 1821 (including "Corticium") are now considered valid.
When Cooke described "Peniophora", he incorporated many crustlike species whose fruit bodies possess in the hymenium sterile, hair-like structures termed cystidia. Subsequent investigators, such as Bresadola and Burt accepted and expanded upon Cooke's concept of the genus, placing in it nearly all corticiaceous species that produced cystidia. Often, other taxonomically significant characters were not fully considered, and as a result, "Peniophora" soon became a heterogeneous assemblage of species. A number of morphological studies were carried out in the 20th century to better characterize the genus. Bourdot and Galzin (1912, 1928) were among the first investigators to recognize that certain species within the genus had more distinct affinities with each other than with other members of the genus. This prompted them to divide the genus into sections and groups of seemingly morphologically related species, such as the sections "Coloratae" and "Membranaceae". Later, several species of the section "Membranaceae" would be transferred into the genus "Phanerochaete". Later attempts to refine the infrageneric classification of "Peniophora" included morphology, physiology, development, cytogenetics, cytology and biochemistry.
Partial list of species.
There are too many species to list here, but notable ones include:

</doc>
<doc id="21595019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595019" title="Seven Days... Seven Nights">
Seven Days... Seven Nights

Seven Days... Seven Nights () is a 1960 French drama film directed by Peter Brook. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival, where Jeanne Moreau won the award for Best Actress. It is based on the novel "Moderato cantabile" by Marguerite Duras.

</doc>
<doc id="21595024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595024" title="1992 Tel Aviv Open">
1992 Tel Aviv Open

The 1992 Tel Aviv Open was a men's tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1992 ATP Tour. It was the 13th edition of the tournament and was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 12 through October 19, 1992. Jeff Tarango won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21595039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595039" title="Peter Kaack">
Peter Kaack

Peter Kaack (born 9 December 1943) is a retired German football player. He spent ten seasons in the Bundesliga with Eintracht Braunschweig.

</doc>
<doc id="21595042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595042" title="Walter Morley">
Walter Morley

Walter Morley (1863-1936) was a pioneering English philatelist, stamp dealer and philatelic author.
The first address known for Morley is 186 West Green Road, Tottenham, London N. In 1898 his address is given as 15 Brownhill Gardens, Hither Green, Catford, London S.E. and by 1910 as 325 Brownhill Road, Catford, London S.E.
Philatelic publishing.
Morley was responsible for many early works on revenue, railway and telegraph stamps, as author or publisher. His 1910 revenue catalogue lists his numerous exhibition medals, including Silver in Paris 1892, Gold in Paris 1894, Silver in London 1897 and Gold in Paris again in 1900, all for displays of Fiscal or Telegraph stamps. Morley also won many other medals and awards during his career.
He published, with Fred G. Lundy, "The Fiscal Philatelist and Revenue Stamp Guide: a monthly journal devoted to fiscal collectors", which ran from December 1892.
In 1898 he and G.C. Lundy produced an "Album for the Revenue Stamps of the British Colonies" in two volumes.
Later, he was responsible for "Morley's Philatelic Journal, A Monthly Paper For Collectors of Postage, Revenue, Telegraph and Railway stamps" between 1900 and 1908 which was edited by A. Preston (Volume 1) and then Lionel Fulcher.
Organised philately.
Morley was Vice-President of the Fiscal Philatelic Society until it ceased in 1928 and a member of the founding committee of the "City of London Philatelic Club". Stanley Gibbons Monthly Journal for 30 January 1892 (p. 199) records his membership of the "Amateur Stamp Collector's Club".
The Prince Consort essay.
According to a report in The London Philatelist, journal of the Royal Philatelic Society London, Morley presented an example in black of the famous Prince Consort Essay to the Tapling Collection which is now housed in The British Museum. He also offered a copy for sale in the June and July 1902 issues of "Morley's Philatelic Journal" at a price of 50 shillings, ten shillings more than he was then asking for a mint Penny Black.
Publications (as author or publisher).
Walter Morley's roles as author or publisher often overlapped and it is likely that he was a contributor to many works where he is only credited as a publisher, hence all works published or authored by him are included here:

</doc>
<doc id="21595047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595047" title="Fraternitas Estica">
Fraternitas Estica

Fraternitas Estica is an all-male academic corporation at the University of Tartu, Estonia. It was founded in 1907.
History.
1900. In August vil! dr. Aleksander Paldrok makes a proposal at Estonian Students' Society's general assembly to propose the Estonian Students' Society for becoming a corporation. This idea did not get the necessary support
1904. Twelve members of the Estonian Students' Society request to establish a separate corporation
1906. A plea for creating a new corporation is presented to the rector of Tartu University
9th May 1907 (26th April according to Julian calendar). Fraternitas Estica appears first time in colours to the public. This is officially considered the establishing date.
1912. Eleven active members are expelled, who then established corporation Ugala.
1918. Fraternitas Estica members volunteer in corpore to fight in the Estonian War of Independence. 
1932. A plot of land with a house is acquired at Aia street 54, in Tartu (nowadays Vanemuise 54).
1988. Three students form the faculty of journalism, Vallo Nuust, Margus Sanglepp and Jaan Murumets, decide to reestablish korp! Fraternitas Estica.
March of 1989. Tartu University confirms the founding charter.
1996. The Tartu branch of the Eesti Televisioon (Estonian Television) returns the historic convent house after long negotiations.
2007. The Tallinn Chapter is formally reestablished.

</doc>
<doc id="21595054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595054" title="John Stokes (North Carolina)">
John Stokes (North Carolina)

John Stokes (March 20, 1756 – October 12, 1790) was a North Carolina attorney, politician, and judge.
Stokes served in the North Carolina State Senate from 1786 to 1787 and in the North Carolina House of Commons in 1789, also serving at that time as a member of the North Carolina convention to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
John Stokes was born March 20, 1756 in Lunenburg County, Virginia. John Stokes was a well-educated man and later became an attorney with a private practice in Salisbury, North Carolina. He joined the Revolutionary Army and rose quickly through the ranks. Commissioned an ensign in the 6th Virginia Regiment on February 16, 1776, promoted to Second Lieutenant in July 1776, to First Lieutenant December 1776, and to Captain; February 20, 1778. He engaged in several battles and was based near Williamsburg. He went to South Carolina to help defend Charleston under command of Colonel Buford in 1780. Before arriving there they were attacked by a superior force under British General Tarlton at Waxhaw and suffered a disastrous defeat. Captain Stokes was severely wounded and taken captive.
Of John Stokes experience in the Waxhaw’s massacre of May 29, 1780, it has been written: "Early in the sanguinary conflict he was attacked by a dragoon, who aimed deadly blows at his head, all of which, by the dexterous use of his small sword, he easily parried; when another dragoon attacked from the right, and by one stroke cut off his right hand. They both then attacked him, and instinctively attempting to defend his head with his left arm, that was hacked in eight or ten places from the wrist to the shoulder and a finger cut off. His head was laid open almost the whole length of the crown to the eyebrows. A soldier passing asked if he expected quarter. Stokes answered, "I have not, nor do I mean to ask it; finish me as soon as possible; whereupon the soldier transfixed him twice with his bayonet." Astonishingly, John Stokes survived. He was a prisoner until May 1, 1783.
President George Washington appointed him on August 2, 1790 to be the first judge of the United States District of Western North Carolina, a new seat created by 1 Stat. 126. The following day, Stokes was confirmed by the United States Senate, and received his commission. He served until his death, less than three months after his appointment.
Stokes County, North Carolina is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="21595058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595058" title="NADECO">
NADECO

NADECO may stand for: 

</doc>
<doc id="21595063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595063" title="Meghan Clyne">
Meghan Clyne

Meghan Clyne is a writer in Washington, D.C., with pieces having appeared in "The Weekly Standard", the "New York Sun" ('05-'06 ), and the "National Review". She has served as a speechwriter for both First Lady Laura Bush and President George W. Bush. She was listed as associate editor at "NR" in 2004.
In February 2009, Clyne addressed the restructuring of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships in the Obama White House, as well as the membership of the council established to guide the office's work. A piece on the subject appeared in "The Weekly Standard".
In her most frequently cited article, Clyne criticized President Obama's choice of Yale Law School dean Harold Koh as the top legal officer of the United States Department of State. 
Clyne graduated in the Class of 2003 at Yale University and wrote for the "Yale Daily News". In her closing "Senior Perspective" column for the student paper, she wrote "I wrote my first column because I was enraged by the lack of patriotism displayed at Yale in the wake of Sept. 11."

</doc>
<doc id="21595073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595073" title="Photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collector">
Photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collector

Photovoltaic thermal hybrid solar collectors, sometimes known as hybrid PV/T systems or PVT, are systems that convert solar radiation into thermal and electrical energy. These systems combine a photovoltaic cell, which converts electromagnetic radiation (photons) into electricity, with a solar thermal collector, which captures the remaining energy and removes waste heat from the PV module. The capture of both electricity and heat allow these devices to have higher exergy and thus be more overall energy efficient than solar photovoltaic (PV) or solar thermal alone. A significant amount of research has gone into developing PVT technology since the 1970s. 
Photovoltaic cells suffer from a drop in efficiency with the rise in temperature due to increased resistance. Such systems can be engineered to carry heat away from the PV cells thereby cooling the cells and thus improving their efficiency by lowering resistance. Although this is an effective method, it causes the thermal component to under-perform compared to a solar thermal collector. Recent research showed that photovoltaic materials with low temperature coefficients such as amorphous silicon (a-Si:H) PV allow the PVT to be operated at high temperatures, creating a more symbiotic PVT system. This advantage can be tuned by controlling the dispatch strategy of thermal annealing cycles.
System types.
A number of PV/T collectors in different categories are commercially available and can be divided into the following categories: 
PV/T liquid collector.
The basic water-cooled design uses conductive-metal piping or plates attached to the back of a PV module. The fluid flow arrangement through the cooling element will determine which systems the panels are most suited to.
In a standard fluid based system, a working fluid, typically water, glycol or mineral oil is then piped through these pipes or plate chillers. The heat from the PV cells are conducted through the metal and absorbed by the working fluid (presuming that the working fluid is cooler than the operating temperature of the cells). In closed-loop systems this heat is either exhausted (to cool it), or transferred at a heat exchanger, where it flows to its application. In open-loop systems, this heat is used, or exhausted before the fluid returns to the PV cells. It is also possible to disperse nanoparticles in the liquid to create a liquid filter for PV/T applications. The basic advantage of this type of split configuration is that the thermal collector and the photovoltaic collector can operate at different temperatures.
PV/T concentrator (CPVT).
A concentrating system has the advantage to reduce the amount of solar cells needed. It also can get very good solar thermal performance compared to flat PV/T collectors. The main obstacles are to provide good cooling of the solar cells and a durable tracking system.

</doc>
<doc id="21595087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595087" title="Walter Schmidt (footballer)">
Walter Schmidt (footballer)

Walter Schmidt (born August 2, 1937) is a retired German football player.
Career.
Walter Schmidt spent his entire professional career at Eintracht Braunschweig. He joined the club in 1959 and quickly became a regular in the Oberliga Nord, then the first tier of German football. In 1963 Eintracht Braunschweig became one of the founding members of the new nationwide Bundesliga. Schmidt, who missed only one league game between 1963 and 1967, was one of the key players of Eintracht's German championship winning team of 1967. However, an injury he suffered in 1969 forced Schmidt to retire from the game after missing the entire 1969–1970 season.
Post-retirement.
In 1966, while still playing in the Bundesliga, Schmidt began his teacher education and later worked as a teacher for sports, mathematics and geography.

</doc>
<doc id="21595094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595094" title="Annfinn Lund">
Annfinn Lund

Annfinn Lund (1926 – 2001) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Leka, and is a cand.jur. by education. He was hired in the Districts Development Fund, later known as the Norwegian Industrial and Regional Development Fund, in 1955. He was promoted to subdirector in 1970, but in 1973 he was hired as state secretary in the Ministry of Local Government and Labour as a part of the second cabinet Bratteli. From 1978 to 1980 he was a state secretary in the Ministry of Transport and Communications, and from 1980 to 1981 he was the County Governor of Hedmark. From 1981 to 1993 he was the deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Local Government and Labour.

</doc>
<doc id="21595096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595096" title="Rex Enright">
Rex Enright

Rex Edward Enright (March 19, 1901 – April 6, 1960) was an American football and basketball player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He played college football and college basketball at the University of Notre Dame in the 1920s. After graduating from Notre Dame in 1926, he played professional football in the National Football League with the Green Bay Packers for two seasons. Enright served as the head football coach at the University of South Carolina from 1938 to 1942 and again from 1946 to 1956, compiling a record of 64–69–7. He was also the head basketball coach at the University of Georgia from 1931 to 1938 and at South Carolina for one season in 1942–43, tallying a career college basketball coaching record of 82–62. 
Early life and playing career.
Enright was the son of James E. Enright (March 1871 – ?) and May C. Billick (January 1882 – ?). He was born in Rockford, Illinois. He graduated from Central High School in Rockford, where he played on the 1918 state champion basketball team, and was team captain and played running back on the football team. He then graduated from the University of Notre Dame where he played running back for Knute Rockne on the football team, and also played on the Irish basketball team. He married Alice ? (1903 – ?), they had daughters Eugenia M. (born 1927), Alice E. and Joyce. Enright played fullback for the Green Bay Packers in 1926 and 1927.
Coaching career.
In the early 1930s Enright was an assistant football coach at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. From 1931 to 1938, he was the head basketball coach at the University of Georgia and assistant football coach. In 1938, he was hired as head football coach and athletic director at the University of South Carolina. After the 1942 season, he joined the United States Navy serving as a lieutenant and working mostly in their athletic program in the United States. He returned to the Gamecocks in 1946 as head football coach succeeding John D. McMillan, and remained until 1955 when he resigned for health reasons. He hired Warren Giese as his successor, and continued as athletic director until 1960. The Rex Enright Athletic Center on the South Carolina campus was named for him and the Rex Enright Award (also known as the Captain's Cup) given to the football captains of the previous season. He was considered one of the "ring leaders" in the formation of the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1953. He is a member of the South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame. He died in 1960 of peptic ulcers and a rheumatic heart.
In 2009, the University of South Carolina recognized Enright as the winningest football coach in school history. His record 64 wins was highlighted during the halftime show of South Carolina's football game versus Florida Atlantic on September 19, where Enright's daughter, Jean Smith, and great-grandson, Brian Garrett, accepted the presentation in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="21595114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595114" title="Committee on International Information Activities">
Committee on International Information Activities

The U.S. President's Committee on International Information Activities (the Jackson Committee) was appointed on January 24, 1953 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in order to survey and evaluate the government’s information and related policies and activities with particular reference to international relations and the national security. In his announcement on January 26 President Eisenhower said, "It has long been my conviction that a unified and dynamic effort in this field is essential to the security of the United States and of the peoples in the community of free nations."
The Jackson Committee first met on January 30, 1953 and, during its existence, interviewed over 250 witnesses, including many representatives of government departments and agencies. It also consulted with members of Congress, studied much highly classified material furnished by various agencies, and received a large volume of correspondence both from government officials and from members of the public and private organizations.
Committee findings.
The Committee presented a security classified report to the President on June 30, 1953, with its conclusions and recommendations being turned over to the United States National Security Council for study. A White House press release issued on July 8 summarized the Committee’s unclassified findings and recommendations. The Committee’s pessimistic assessment of the Soviet Union’s intentions reflects the pervasive cold war atmosphere of the 1950s. The Committee stressed that "there is no reliable evidence that the recent changes in the Soviet regime and in Soviet tactics involve any change in the basic Soviet objective of a communist world controlled by the Kremlin," and went on to state that "in the struggle between the imposed coalition dominated by the Kremlin and the free coalition led by the United States, the latter must base its policies on the assumption that the purpose of the Soviet rulers is world domination and that this purpose will constitute the fundamental motivation of all their actions." The United States and its allies had to, therefore, "continue to strengthen their military capabilities until it is possible to perceive with clarity that the Soviet Union is unwilling to risk general war, has abandoned its goal of world domination, and will live up to its obligations under the charter of the United Nations."
Operations Coordinating Board.
One of the Committee’s recommendations called for the establishment within the National Security Council structure of an Operations Coordinating Board, whose chief function would be to coordinate the formulation by government agencies of detailed operational plans to carry out national security policies. At the same time the Committee recommended that the Psychological Strategy Board, created in 1951, be abolished because that Board had apparently been founded on the notion that psychological activities and strategy existed apart from official policies and actions, a concept repudiated by the Committee. Instead, it assumed that every diplomatic, economic and military action of the United States Government had a psychological aspect or implication. The Committee also idealistically urged that the terms "cold war" and "psychological warfare" be discarded in favor of others which better described the United States’ true goals.
U.S. Information Agency.
The Committee’s July 8 release discussed the goals and techniques of the United States' overseas information programs and called for the consolidation of these programs into one service. The result was the establishment of the United States Information Agency in August 1953. The Committee also pointed out the need for improved guidance and technical controls of programs in individual countries and urged the development of a better understanding of U.S. information programs by the American public.

</doc>
<doc id="21595121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595121" title="Kerry Locklin">
Kerry Locklin

Kerry Barth Locklin (born September 9, 1959) is an American football defensive line coach coach for the New Mexico State Aggies football team.
Locklin is the son of Billy Ray Locklin, a defensive end who played for the Auggies before spending ten years playing in the Canadian Football League (CFL) with the Montreal Alouettes (1961-64) and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats (1965-70). Locklin is the youngest of three brothers.
Like his older brother Ray, Locklin graduated from New Mexico State University and played for the Auggies. Locklin was the All-WAC tight end. Drafted in the sixth round of 1982 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams, he played with them for the 1982 season and with the Denver Broncos in 1987. In between, he played with Arizona in the United States Football League from 1984 to 1985.
Locklin coached at Western New Mexico (1988), Utah (1989), Morehead State (1990–1993), for the Shreveport Pirates in the Canadian Football League (1994), and then for Eastern Michigan (1995–1999) and then as the defensive line coach at Fresno State, before joining the Jets.
Kerry Locklin has reportedly agreed to join New Mexico State as their DL Coach for the 2014 Season.

</doc>
<doc id="21595143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595143" title="Miss Universe Nederland 2000">
Miss Universe Nederland 2000

The Miss Universe Nederland 2000 pageant was held on March 15, 2000. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 2000 . The First Runner Up would enter Miss International 2001. The Second Runner Up would enter Miss Europe 2000.
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21595179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595179" title="Miss Universe Nederland 1998">
Miss Universe Nederland 1998

The Miss Universe Nederland 1998 pageant was held on March 25, 1998. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 1998 . The First Runner Up would enter Miss International 1998. The Second Runner Up would enter Miss Europe 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21595228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595228" title="Kay Unger">
Kay Unger

Kay Unger is an American fashion designer. Until July 2012 she was the creative head and public face of Phoebe Company LLC and its brands; Kay Unger New York, Phoebe Couture, Unger by Kay Unger and Kay J’s by Kay Unger. She has recently decided to focus on her philanthropy. Kay resides in New York City’s SoHo neighborhood where her two sons often come by to visit.
Biography.
Kay was born in Chicago, IL and first studied painting in the Fine Arts Program at Washington University (Missouri) before switching to design at Parsons The New School for Design in New York City. 
Upon graduation from The Parson’s New School for Design in the late 1960s, Kay worked as one of three apprentices for Geoffrey Beene. After a year, she decided to develop her own line. Modeling the client after herself, Kay set out to fill a void in the fashion industry for “clean dinner dresses.” In 1972, along with her two business partners, Howard Bloom and Jon Levy, she founded The Gillian Group. Kay sold her dresses under the Gillian label, where the group and its many divisions quickly became one of the largest suppliers of women’s apparel in America. They grew into a $125 million company.
Company/Brand History.
15 days after closing the Gillian Group, Kay founded Phoebe Company LLC. It was here where Kay established the line bearing her name, Kay Unger New York. She began by offering women colorful alternatives to the little black dress and other predictable fashion staples, drawing inspiration from both Jackie O. and Audrey Hepburn among others. 
In 1999, Kay was inducted as a Leading Woman Entrepreneur of the WorldTM. In 2005 the company launched Kay J’s, a whimsical print pajama brand. In 2007, they launched Phoebe Couture, a more youthful and edgier line of dresses for day and evening. Later that same year, they began opening Kay Unger and Phoebe Couture boutiques in China through a licensing agreement with the JT Group of Hong Kong. In September 2008 Kay Unger New York Eyewear and Phoebe Couture Eyewear were launched. 
The $40 million company’s dresses, suits, and eyewear are currently sold in more than 24 countries including the U.K., Turkey, Brazil, Australia, and Spain. 
The Kay Unger New York and Phoebe Couture labels have been worn by Oprah Winfrey, Salma Hayek, Vanessa L. Williams, Tyra Banks, Kathie Lee Gifford, Paris Hilton, Dakota Fanning, Angela Bassett, and Marcia Cross. Her designs have been featured on television programs including “Gossip Girl,” “The Sopranos,” “Ugly Betty," ”Pushing Daisies,” “30 Rock,” “Two and a Half Men,” “The Today Show,” “Sex in the City,” “Tim Gunn's Guide to Style,” and “Dancing with the Stars”.
Kay prides herself on customer relationships. She makes frequent in-store appearances where she offers advice on clothing flattery techniques and personal style. 
Kay is an active member of the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA). Additionally, she is on the Board of Directors as well as a Trustee at her alma mater, Parsons/The New School for Design, as well as a participant in their education program in the Dominican Republic, where she has traveled as a guest instructor.
Kay Unger Design.
After leaving her company Kay founded Kay Unger Design LLC. Kay Unger Design is a multidimensional company whose products range from clothing and shoes to home products. These functional and unique designs have earned numerous patents. As the CEO of Kay Unger Design, Kay Unger is a popular lecturer on design and entrepreneurship. After forty successful years in the fashion world, she is an expert on the business of fashion, and on dressing women of all sizes and ages. The many highs and lows of her life and career give her the ability to relate to any audience. Under the Kay Unger Design rubric, Unger has sold countless high-fashion sketches via art sales around the world. Unger has also made philanthropy a cornerstone of her life. She serves on the board of numerous non-profits, and is the founder of the Kay Unger Family Foundation, a group that has raised significant funds for cancer research and arts education.
Philanthropy.
Kay has been a longtime member of the Boys & Girls Clubs of America, of which she also served as the first woman board member. Her passion for women’s causes led to her role as board member and founding member of The Committee of 200, an organization that advances women’s leadership in business, and the Women’s Campaign Fund. A cancer survivor herself, Kay has a personal interest in funding cancer research and raised over $250,000 for cancer research while she served as the president of the Fashion Group International. Today, she continues her efforts working with Stand Up To Cancer, a groundbreaking initiative dedicated to accelerating cancer research while bringing new therapies to patients more quickly, by raising funds and awareness in the fashion industry. On May 4, 2009, Kay Unger was recognized by City of Hope as a "Spirit of Life Award" recipient who has made notable contributions to her profession, her community, and her charitable causes.

</doc>
<doc id="21595282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595282" title="Letter Never Sent (film)">
Letter Never Sent (film)

Letter Never Sent (, translit. "Neotpravlennoye pismo", sometimes translated as The Unsent Letter or The Unmailed Letter) is a 1959 Soviet adventure drama film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Tatyana Samojlova. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.
The film was shot in black-and-white with a aspect ratio and monaural sound. It was Kalatozov's follow-up to perhaps his most lauded film, "The Cranes Are Flying", which also starred Samojlova.
Plot.
A guide and three geologists head to the boreal forest of central Siberia. After much strenuous effort and nearly running out of food, they succeed in finding diamonds in Bolshaya Zemlya. Before they can return, they are trapped by a forest fire that cuts them off from the canoe where their supplies are kept. Now the battle is to survive.
Home video.
Criterion Collection released the film in DVD and Blu-ray Disc as "Letter Never Sent"; according to "Slant Magazine", having started with "pristine materials", "Criterion's blue-ribbon authoring is, of course, flawless, as is their uncompressed monaural track, which is as dense with human lamentations as mother nature's libidinous, murderous roar"; they note that the "bare-bones single disc" is accompanied only by an essay by film scholar Dina Iordanova, who "does a fine job establishing the film's historical context."

</doc>
<doc id="21595302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595302" title="Unsent Letter">
Unsent Letter

Unsent Letter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21595310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595310" title="Luxe, Calme et Volupté">
Luxe, Calme et Volupté

Luxe, Calme et Volupté is an oil painting by the French artist Henri Matisse. It was painted in 1904, after a summer spent working in St. Tropez on the French Riviera alongside the neo-Impressionist painters Paul Signac and Henri-Edmond Cross. The painting is Matisse's most important work in which he used the Divisionist technique advocated by Signac, which Matisse had first adopted after reading Signac's essay "D'Eugène Delacroix au Néo-impressionisme" in 1898. Signac purchased the work, which was exhibited in 1905 at the Salon des Indépendants. Matisse abandoned the Divisionist technique the following year and became one of the pioneers of Fauvism.
The painting's title comes from the poem "L'Invitation au voyage", from Charles Baudelaire's volume "Les Fleurs du mal" ("The Flowers of Evil"):
<poem>
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="21595314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595314" title="Lectionary 19">
Lectionary 19

Lectionary 19, designated by siglum ℓ "19" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains lessons from the Gospels of John, Matthew, Luke lectionary ("Evangelistarium"), with lacunae. The text is written in Greek minuscule letters, on 322 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 24 lines per page. 
It contains the Byzantine musical notes – neumes.
History.
The codex was given in 1661 by Parthenius, Patriarch of Constantinople, to Heneage Finch, Earl of Winchelesa, British Ambassador at the court of sultan. 
It was examined by Mill (as "Bodleianus 7") and Griesbach. According to Mill this codex is Stephen's ϛ'.
The manuscript is sporadically cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3).
Currently the codex is located in the Bodleian Library (Auct. D. inf. 2.12) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21595333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595333" title="Ray Sherman">
Ray Sherman

Ray Sherman (November 27, 1951) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the wide receivers coach for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL).
Coaching career.
College career.
Sherman played college football at Fresno State as a wide receiver and defensive back. In 1974, he took a job as graduate assistant for San Jose State. After leaving San Jose State following that season, Sherman remained a coach at the college level through 1987, working for five additional schools; this includes two stints at California.
NFL career.
The Houston Oilers gave Sherman his first NFL coaching job in 1988, when he was hired as a running backs coach. After one more year in Houston, during which he was a wide receivers coach, he took an assistant head coaching position with the Atlanta Falcons in 1990. Sherman then went to the San Francisco 49ers the next season, staying there through 1993; he coached running backs in 1991 and wide receivers the following two seasons. The Minnesota Vikings hired Sherman as quarterbacks coach in 1995, and he spent three seasons with the team. In 1998 and 1999, Sherman served as offensive coordinator of the Pittsburgh Steelers and Vikings, respectively. He was the wide receivers coach of the Green Bay Packers from 2000 to 2004, and held the same position with the Tennessee Titans in 2005 and 2006. The Dallas Cowboys hired him as wide receivers coach in 2007.
In January 2010, Sherman was considered for a head coaching position with the Oakland Raiders.
In January 2011, Sherman interviewed for the head coaching position of the Dallas Cowboys to satisfy the Rooney Rule, and it was thought that he might be offered the offensive coordinator job with the team. It was announced that Sherman will not return to the Cowboys for the 2011 season.
Personal life.
Sherman is married and is the father of three children, one of whom died in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21595347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595347" title="1993 Tel Aviv Open">
1993 Tel Aviv Open

The 1993 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 11 through October 18, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21595363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595363" title="Miss Universe Nederland 1996">
Miss Universe Nederland 1996

The Miss Universe Nederland 1996 pageant was held on February 18, 1996. This year only 12 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 1996 . The First Runner Up would enter Miss International 1996. The Second Runner Up would enter Miss Europe 1996.
Results.
Top 6

</doc>
<doc id="21595382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595382" title="Jacques-André Naigeon">
Jacques-André Naigeon

Jacques-André Naigeon (July 15, 1738, Paris – 28 February 1810, Paris) was a French artist, atheist philosopher, editor and man of letters best known for his contributions to the "Encyclopédie" and for reworking Baron d'Holbach's and Diderot's manuscripts.
Biography.
After trying his hand at painting and sculpture, Naigeon became a friend and associate of Denis Diderot, whom he helped to work on the "Encyclopédie". He soon became involved with the "Coterie Holbachique", a group of radical French Enlightenment thinkers centered around the Paris salon of Baron d'Holbach. Naigeon quickly adopted the Baron's atheist principles and collaborated with him on his works, overseeing their clandestine printing in Amsterdam and editing d'Holbach's "Morale Universelle" and his "Essai sur les préjugés". Priding himself on a through knowledge of the classics, Naigeon would also edit a French translation of the works of Seneca begun by Nicolas La Grange, publishing it along with Diderot's "Essai sur les régnes de Claude et de Néron" (Paris, 1778). Other editorial work included the Essays of Montaigne, and a translation of Toland’s philosophical letters
Naigeon became the editor, compiler, and commentator of Diderot's works after the latter made him his literary executor. He published an incomplete edition of Diderot's works in 1798 after writing "Mémoires historiques et philosophiques sur la vie et les ouvrages de Diderot", an unfinished commentary on his life and works.
Naigeon's only original stand-alone work was "Le militaire philosophe, ou Difficultés sur la religion, proposées au Pére Malebranche" (London and Amsterdam, 1768) which was based on an earlier anonymous manuscript, and whose final chapter was written by d'Holbach. This work mostly repeated the atheist, anti-Christian, determinist materialist arguments found in the radical literature of the second half of the 18th century.
Naigeon continued his attacks on religion in his Dictionary of Ancient and Modern Philosophy in the "Encyclopédie méthodique" (1791–1794). In his address to the National Assembly in 1790 ("") he called for absolute freedom of the press, asking the Assembly to withhold the name of God and religion from their declaration of the rights of man.

</doc>
<doc id="21595397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595397" title="Oddvar Nes">
Oddvar Nes

Oddvar Nes (born 27 December 1938) is a Norwegian linguist.
He became a research assistant at the University of Bergen in 1964, and was promoted to associate professor in 1973 and professor in 1987. His speciality is onomastics. He was a visiting scholar at University of Vienna from 1988 to 1989, is a member of Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters and the Royal Gustavus Adolphus Academy.
He resides in Florvåg.

</doc>
<doc id="21595408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595408" title="Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy">
Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy

Gameplay.
"Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy" is a falling block puzzle game. The player must stack items up and then drop a katamari, a round object that rolls up items, to sweep them away all at once. It uses the gameplay of "Pac-Attack".
Development.
"Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy" was announced on February 18, 2009, and was released on March 25, 2009. It was published by Namco Bandai. It uses the same gameplay mechanics of "Pac-Attack", an older puzzle game created by Namco.
Audio.
The ending theme is performed by Hatsune Miku using Yamaha's VOCALOID2 speech synthesis device.

</doc>
<doc id="21595410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595410" title="NecroVisioN">
NecroVisioN

Synopsis.
Setting.
"NecroVisioN" is set in 1916 during World War I. The player takes the role of Simon Bukner, a young American soldier recently recruited into the British Army. In addition to German soldiers, Simon soon finds himself fighting supernatural forces, including vampires, demons, and zombies found in locations varying from the battlefields of World War I to secret laboratories and underground caverns. The main setting is the battle of the Somme, during which a rumor of a mysterious infection has appeared, which causes all people to turn into zombie-like state. Later, the game takes the player into two new settings; the underground realm of Vampires, and the demonic realm, Hell.
Plot.
The game begins with the protagonist Simon Bukner being awakened by a British soldier within a bunker. It is apparently time for a counterattack against German lines. After a rallying speech by the commanding officer, Simon is to follow his squad of soldiers towards the assault point. But as soon as they arrive, they are ambushed by heavy German machine gun cross fire and mustard gas. Many of the soldiers die and Simon is seen running aimlessly, searching for cover from both bullets and gas. Soon, Simon collapses.
When Simon reawakens, he is in another bunker with several corpses and a surviving British soldier. The soldier claims he has barricaded the bunker from the inside to prevent anything from coming in. That includes members of Simon's squad escaping the gas. Simon is visibly upset and angry at the soldier's cowardice. The soldier continues rambling due to battlefield stress about having German passwords and other intel, including some on patrol routes. Thus he plans to evade and escape the trenches with the information he has. Simon then threatens him and soon, a fight ensues. Simon kills him and takes his rifle. Simon is disturbed by the fact that he has to kill a friendly soldier. By blowing up the barricade, Simon fights his way through the trenches and meets several soldiers who Simon initially believes are in a bad mental state because of the horrors they have seen. However, soon the zombies, hell hounds, and other netherworld creatures begin to manifest.
Nearing a trench, a demonic looking face manifests itself and starts rambling about a savior, and that Simon can be that savior. This is one of the last vampires, a mystic race that stood against demons. Simon begins to wonder what is going on here and suspects that there is something much much more sinister happening at the trenches. Along the way, Simon begins to unravel and discover bits and pieces of information about what is going on. This leads him to Jonas Zimmerman, the person behind the monstrosity that has been going on. Eventually, the player travels through trenches, old ruins (where he first encounters Zimmerman, but is tricked) and finally the stronghold where Zimmerman was last located. At the basement lab of the stronghold, the player discovers a mechanical walking tank created by the Vampires. Using it, Simon proceeds to a showdown with Zimmerman who commandeers a Scorpion-shaped walking tank ten times the size of Simon's tank.
After getting rid of Zimmerman, Simon is chosen as the owner of the new Shadow Hand with Menthor inside - the spirit of an old Vampiric champion, bound within the glove. This glove was the source of Zimmerman's power over the undead, and now it is to be used against the demons deep underground. Menthor will act as the companion of the player, guides him all the way, and provides instructions about the spell system in the game. The goal of the game from now on is to conquer the great demon - Mephisto. Simon descends deep into steampunk-styled underground Vampire realm, which has been corrupted by demons.
After a long journey, Simon mounts an ancient dragon and makes his way to Hell itself, where he battles Mephisto's second-in-command, the fallen angel Azazel (who rides three-headed Cerberus). Later, Simon encounters Mephisto himself, and clashes with him in final battle. The game has three endings, which are chosen based on the difficulty level:
Gameplay.
"NecroVisioN" is a first-person shooter which also has a close-combat system and an ability to use both arms with different weapons. The health system is based on limited regeneration, with an ability to use a health pack or a red shard to restore it. Slain enemies may drop health or mana, which is used for spells. The gameplay is varied, and includes combo system, challenge mode, and storyline sections where player pilots a Vampire-made robotic exosuit and rides a dragon.
Multiplayer.
There are no demonic spells, weapons or powers. The player can choose either to be a Human, Undead or a Vampire. The modes are Free for All, in which players fight each other in a classic deathmatch mode; Capture the Artifact in which teams attempt to capture a vampiric artifact and bring it to their base; Team Deathmatch in which players are grouped into teams to fight each other in a classic deathmatch mode; and Last Man Standing in which players start the game with additional health and fight each other. The last player left alive wins the match.
Soundtrack.
"Orchard of Mines" by Globus was featured as the ending credits song in the game.
Reception.
"NecrovisioN" received average to positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="21595421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595421" title="Steve Rivkin">
Steve Rivkin

Steve Rivkin is a marketing and communications consultant, author and speaker. He founded Rivkin & Associates LLC in 1989.
The son of a pharmacist, Rivkin comes from a medical family that includes a general practitioner, a thoracic surgeon, an ob-gyn, a radiologist, and an infertility specialist.
He has consulted with healthcare organizations and more than 100 community hospitals on marketing and public affairs issues, working with partner Fraser P. Seitel, author of "The Practice of Public Relations".
In 2006, Rivkin was appointed Senior Fellow in Health Communications & Marketing Strategy for the Estes Park Institute, a national healthcare educational organization. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Estes Park Institute and Volunteers in Medicine.
Another of his specialized practice areas is in naming. His firm creates new names for companies and brands. The 2004 book he co-authored, "The Making of a Name", was described by Library Journal as "an authoritative and fascinating book on names and naming that will be used by entrepreneurs, students, inventors, marketers and wordsmiths at all levels."
Prior to forming his own firm, Rivkin spent 14 years working with Jack Trout and Al Ries at Trout & Ries Inc., a marketing strategy firm known for its work in positioning He left Trout & Ries as executive vice president.
Rivkin is a frequent speaker on marketing and communications topics, at company seminars and industry conferences.
Bibliography.
Rivkin is the co-author of six books on business and marketing strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="21595427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595427" title="1994 Tel Aviv Open">
1994 Tel Aviv Open

The 1994 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 10 through October 17, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21595453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595453" title="The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 2">
The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 2

The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 2- is a compilation album released by EMI in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21595456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595456" title="The English Manner">
The English Manner

The English Manner TM is an international protocol, etiquette and hospitality consultancy firm based in the United Kingdom.
It was founded in 2001 by Alexandra Messervy, formerly of the Royal Household of Her Majesty The Queen and the Lucie Clayton Finishing School.
As well as providing etiquette training, it also offers small, unique luxury holidays and tours in association with exclusive accommodation agents 'Unique Home Stays'.
Tutors include: John Robertson, William Hanson, Sir Alexander Muir-Mackenzie Bt, Jason Tesauro, Reena Scrowston. 
In March 2009 they began to offer seminars and courses for out-of-work businessmen.
References.
http://www.ipo.gov.uk/t-find-number?detailsrequested=C&trademark=2497411

</doc>
<doc id="21595464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595464" title="First Lesson">
First Lesson

First Lesson (, translit. Parvi urok) is a 1960 Bulgarian drama film directed by Rangel Vulchanov. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21595472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595472" title="Typhoon Soulik (2006)">
Typhoon Soulik (2006)

Typhoon Soulik (international designation: 0618; JTWC designation: 21W) was the 18th named storm and 11th typhoon of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season. Soulik formed out of an area of disturbed weather over the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean during early October 2006. The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) designated the system as a tropical depression on October 8 and later a tropical storm the next day. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) followed suit shortly after, classifying the system as Tropical Storm 21W. The storm gradually intensified into a typhoon on October 12 before nearly stalling close to Iwo Jima. On October 14, the storm began to accelerate and weaken due to increasing wind shear. Around 1200 UTC on October 16, Soulik transitioned into an extratropical cyclone before dissipating the next day. Typhoon Soulik had only minor effects on land throughout its existence, despite passing very close to Iwo Jima at peak intensity.
Meteorological history.
On October 6, a tropical disturbance developed about 240 km (150 mi) north-northeast of Kwajalein. Scattered convection was associated with the disturbance but no low-level circulation had developed. On October 8, an area of low pressure developed underneath the convection and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began monitoring the system as a tropical depression. Later that day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert for the system. An overpass from a Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite showed convective banding features developing in the northern portion of the system. An upper-level anticyclone to the north and a tropical upper tropospheric trough cell to the west of the disturbance, along with low vertical wind shear, provided enhanced outflow for the developing disturbance. Early on October 9, the JTWC classified the system as Tropical Depression 21W.
Tracking along the edge of a ridge located north of Wake Island, the depression traveled steadily towards the northwest. Several hours later, the JMA upgraded the depression to a tropical storm and gave it the name "Soulik"; a name contributed by the Federated States of Micronesia, which is a traditional Pohnpei Chief's title. Later that day, the JTWC also upgraded Soulik to a tropical storm. Slow intensification took place over the next several days due to restricted outflow and moderate wind shear. The storm took a west-northwestward track along the edge of a subtropical ridge, eventually turning towards the northwest in the direction of Iwo Jima. Around 1200 UTC on October 10, the JTWC upgraded Soulik to a typhoon, while the JMA kept Soulik as a severe tropical storm until late on October 12. Another subtropical ridge located west of Soulik built towards the north, causing the storm to turn towards the north. As Soulik neared Iwo Jima, the influenced of both subtropical ridges caused the typhoon to become nearly stationary about 100 km (65 mi) south-southwest of the island.
At this time, both agencies assessed the storm to have reached its peak intensity. According to the JTWC, Soulik attained winds of 165 km/h (105 mph 1-minute winds) while the JMA reported that the storm attained winds of 140 km/h (85 mph 10-minute winds). At 0600 UTC on October 14, Soulik made its closest approach to Iwo Jima, passing within 40 km (25 mi) of the island. According to the JTWC, this would place the island within an area affected by typhoon-force winds. Later that day, an approaching trough enhanced the westerly wind shear, causing the typhoon to weaken. By October 15, the forward motion of the storm increased significantly as it began to undergo an extratropical transition. Later that day, the JTWC downgraded Soulik to a tropical storm, while the JMA kept the storm as a typhoon until early the next day. By 1200 UTC on October 16, Soulik completed its extratropical transition as it rapidly traveled towards the northeast. The extratropical remnants persisted for another day before dissipating south of the Aleutian Islands on October 17.
Preparations and impact.
At 0600 UTC on October 9, a tropical storm watch was issued for Agrihan in the northern Mariana Islands. The next day, the tropical storm watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning as Soulik approached the island. Residents were advised to secure loose objects which may become airborne during the storm, stay away from coastlines, secure boats, and move to a safe location with available food and water. Officials also warned about the possibility of mudslides due to heavy rain. The warning was later cancelled as Soulik moved away from the Mariana Islands later on October 11.
A total of 8.11 inches (205.9 mm) of rain was recorded on Pagan Island. Sustained winds on the island reached 58 km/h (36 mph) and gusts reached 122 km/h (76 mph). The lowest pressure recorded was 998.8 hPa (mbar). No damage was caused by Soulik as it passed by the northern Mariana Islands. A storm surge of 2.4 to 3.3 m (8 to 11 ft) was anticipated along with coastal flooding up to 0.6 m (2 ft). Waves up to 7.6 m (25 ft) affected the Bonin Islands. On Iwo Jima, winds were recorded up to 160 km/h (100 mph) with gusts up to 210 km/h (130 mph). Although Soulik spent over a day near Iwo Jima, no damage was reported as a result of the storm.

</doc>
<doc id="21595474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595474" title="Miss Universe Nederland 1995">
Miss Universe Nederland 1995

The Miss Universe Nederland 1995 pageant was held on January 29, 1995. This year only 8 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 1995 . The First Runner Up would enter Miss Europe 1995. The Second Runner Up would enter Miss International 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21595477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595477" title="Committee on Migratory Labor">
Committee on Migratory Labor

On August 26, 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower appointed an Interdepartmental Committee on Migratory Labor consisting of the Secretaries of Labor; Agriculture; Health, Education, and Welfare; Interior; and the Administrator of the Housing and Home Finance Administration. This Committee succeeded the Commission on Migratory Labor appointed by President Harry S. Truman in 1951. The name of the Committee was changed in 1955 to the U.S. President’s Committee on Migratory Labor. In November 1960 the President signed an Executive Order formally establishing the Committee.
Committee objectives.
To maintain continuing review and assessment of the needs of migrant farm workers and their families.
To aid the various Federal agencies in mobilizing, stimulating, and coordinating more effective programs and services for migrants and in providing services to States and local areas through their constituent agencies.
To facilitate and encourage the development of actions designed to promote improved living and working conditions of migratory workers. 
To work with the U.S. State Department and other public and non-public agencies in improving the living and working conditions of migratory workers. To these ends the Committee is empowered to enlist the cooperation of Federal officials, Governors’ Committee, local committees, national civic and church groups, and employer and worker organizations.
Agency representatives.
U.S. Department of Labor: James P. Mitchell and Arthur J. Goldberg (Chairmen)
U.S. Department of Agriculture: Ezra Taft Benson and Orville L. Freeman
HEW: Marion B. Folsom, Arthur S. Flemming and Abraham Ribicoff
U.S. Department of Interior: Fred A. Seaton and Stewart L. Udall
HHFA: Albert M. Cole, Norman Mason and Robert C. Weaver
Henry K. Arneson, John Walsh, and Frank A. Potter (Executive Directors)

</doc>
<doc id="21595479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595479" title="N0iz Star">
N0iz Star

N0iz Star (typeset often as n0iZ stAr) is the first full-length album by Sug, released May 14, 2008. It includes 11 tracks, a DVD with the music video for "Vi-Vi-Vi" and a forty-page booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="21595491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595491" title="Bank of Antigua">
Bank of Antigua

Bank of Antigua was formed on the 10 February 1981 in St. John's, Antigua. It was owned by the Stanford Financial Group which has been sued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, along with Robert Allen Stanford, the Stanford Financial Group's owner, for allegedly running a Ponzi scheme. Control of the bank was taken by Eastern Caribbean Central Bank on 20 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21595498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595498" title="Mr. Driller W">
Mr. Driller W

Mr. Driller W is a falling block puzzle video game released by Namco Bandai for the Wii's WiiWare digital download service. It is the latest entry in the "Mr. Driller" series.

</doc>
<doc id="21595506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595506" title="Organic anion-transporting polypeptide">
Organic anion-transporting polypeptide

An organic anion-transporting polypeptide (OATP) is a membrane transport protein or 'transporter' that mediates the transport of mainly organic anions across the cell membrane. Therefore OATPs are present in the lipid bilayer of the cell membrane, acting as the cell's gatekeepers. OATPs belong to the Solute Carrier Family (SLC), more specifically the Solute Carrier Organic Anion (SLCO) gene subfamily 
Function.
Organic anion transporting polypeptides carry bile acids as well as bilirubin and numerous hormones such as thyroid and steroid hormones across the basolateral membrane (facing sinusoids) in hepatocytes, for excretion in bile. As well as expression in the liver, OATPs are expressed in many other tissues on basolateral and apical membranes, transporting anions, as well as neutral and even cationic compounds. They also transport an extremely diverse range of drug compounds, ranging from anti-cancer, antibiotic, lipid lowering to anti-diabetic drugs, as well as toxins and poisons. 
Various anti-cancer drugs like pazopanib, vandetanib, nilotinib, canertinib and erlotinib are known to be transported via OATPs (OATP-1B1 and OATP-1B3). 
Also, anti-cancer drugs specially the tyrosine kinase inhibitors have been reported as inhibitors of OATP (OATP-1B1 and OATP-1B3. Pazopanib and Nilotinib have shown their inhibitory potential only towards OATP-1B1 but not towards OATP-1B3 whereas Vandetanib has shown its inhibitory activity only towards OATP-1B3 but not towards OATP-1B1. 
They also transport the dye bromsulphthalein, availing it as a liver-testing substance.
Proteins.
The table below shows the 11 known human OATPs. Note: Human OATPs are designated with capital letters, animal Oatps are designated with lower class letters. The 'SLCO' stands for their gene name; 'solute carrier organic anion.' Previous nomenclature using letters and numbers (e.g. OATP-A, OATP-8 is no longer correct. 
The most well characterised human OATPs are OATP1A2, OATP1B1, OATP1B3 and OATP2B1. Very little is known about the function and characteristics of OATP5A1 and OATP6A1.
Pharmacology.
The OATPs play a role in the transport of some classes of drugs across the cell membrane, particularly in the liver and kidney. In the liver, OATPs are expressed on the basolateral membrane of hepatocytes, transporting compounds into the hepatocyte for biotransformation. A number of drug-drug interactions have been associated with the OATPs, affecting the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of drugs. This is most commonly where one drug inhibits the transport of another drug into the hepatocyte, so that it is retained in the body. The OATPs most associated with these interactions are OATP1B1, OATP1B3 and OATP2B1, which are all present on the hepatocyte basolateral membrane. OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 are known to play an important role in hepatic drug disposition. These OATPs contribute towards first step of hepatic accumulation and can influence the disposition of drug via hepatic route. The most clinically relevant interactions have been associated with the lipid lowering drugs statins, which led to the removal of cerivastatin from the market in 2002. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) are also associated with the OATPs; particularly OATP1B1.
Probenecid inhibits organic anion transporting polypeptides.
Since tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs)are metabolized through hepatic route, interaction of TKIs with OATP-1B1 and OATP-1B3 can be considered as important molecular targets for transporter mediated drug-drug interactions. 
It is likely that along with the organic anion transporters, organic cation transporters and the ATP-binding cassette transporters, the OATPs play an important role in the absorption, distribution, metabolism and exretion (ADME) of many drugs.
Evolution.
Oatps are present in many animals, including fruit fly, zebrafish, dog, cow, rat, mouse, monkey and horse. Oatps are not present in bacteria, indicating their evolution from the animal kingdom. However homologs do not correlate well with the human OATPs and therefore it is likely that isoforms arose by gene duplication. Oatps have however been found in insects, suggesting that their evolution was early in the formation of the animal kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21595511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595511" title="Takamisugi Takakatsu">
Takamisugi Takakatsu

Takamisugi Takakatsu (born 1 March 1961 as Takashi Kanao) is a former sumo wrestler from Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan. His highest rank was komusubi. He is now a coach at Takanohana stable.
Career.
Kanao practised judo in elementary and junior school, where he also excelled at painting and artwork. Because of his large size he also took part in team sumo competitions at school and regularly placed the team in the top three. Upon his graduation he joined Futagoyama stable in March 1976. It was a prestigious heya to join, as it was run by former yokozuna Wakanohana Kanji I and contained a number of top division stars including popular ozeki Takanohana Kenshi.
Initially fighting under his own surname, Kanao adopted the shikona of Futagonishiki in 1977 but switched to Takamisugi two years later. In January 1981, after five years in the unsalaried divisions, he reached sekitori level upon promotion to the second highest jūryō division, and he made the top makuuchi division just three tournaments later in July 1981. He initially struggled with injuries and after a number of setbacks, including a short spell back in the third makushita division, he made a top division kachi-koshi at the third attempt in January 1984, and established himself in makuuchi. He dropped back to "jūryō" in January 1987 but was re-promoted after winning the "jūryō" championship or yusho in March with a 13-2 record. In November 1987 he defeated Onokuni in his debut tournament as a yokozuna to earn his only kinboshi or gold star.
Takamisugi remained a rank-and file maegashira for nearly all his top division career. Although he reached komusubi twice, in January 1991 and January 1993, he recorded a losing score on both occasions. He holds the record for the most top division tournaments without ever winning a special prize, at 71. In 1993 his stable merged with Fujishima stable and he became a stablemate of ozeki (later yokozuna) Takanohana Koji, whom he had fought eight times previously without beating. In November 1995 he fell into "jūryō" once more and announced his retirement at the age of 34 after losing his first three matches.
He has remained in sumo as a coach at Futagoyama stable (now renamed Takanohana stable). Unable to purchase toshiyori kabu or elder stock, he has been borrowing elder names instead. He was known as Fujishima (until the retirement of stablemate Wakanohana Masaru) and then Otowayama (until the retirement of Takanonami) and is now Tokiwayama Oyakata. Along with five other oyakata (Magaki, Onomatsu, Otowayama, Otake and Futagoyama), he was forced to leave the Nishonoseki ichimon or group of stables in January 2010 after declaring his support for his former stablemate Takanohana's unsanctioned bid to be elected to the board of directors of the Sumo Association.
He has a fine singing voice and is often called upon to display his talents at sumo functions. His nickname when active was Doraemon because of his facial resemblance to the popular manga/anime character. His wife is a former disc jockey.
Fighting style.
Takamisugi liked a solid frontal pushing attack, and relied almost exclusively on "oshisumo" and "tsuppari" (thrusting). The push out or "oshidashi" was the winning "kimarite" in nearly half his "sekitori" matches. He usually lost if his opponents were able to grab hold of his "mawashi" or belt. He very rarely employed throwing moves; his most common throw was the beltless "kotenage", or armlock throw.

</doc>
<doc id="21595517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595517" title="John Garrett (American football)">
John Garrett (American football)

John Morgan Garrett (born March 2, 1965) is an American football coach and former wide receiver. He is currently the offensive coordinator for Oregon State University. He played college football at both Columbia University and Princeton University. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys in 1988.
He was also a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, San Antonio Riders (WLAF) and Buffalo Bills.
Early years.
Garrett was born in Danville, Pennsylvania and graduated from University School in Hunting Valley, Ohio in 1983. He went on to study and play football at two Ivy League schools—Columbia University and Princeton University. In 1988, he graduated from Princeton with a degree in history.
Professional playing career.
After graduating from college Garrett spent time in training camp with the Dallas Cowboys in 1988. He then played wide receiver for the Cincinnati Bengals in 1989. The following season, he played in the World League for the San Antonio Riders. In his final season as a player he was a member of Buffalo Bills in 1991.
Coaching career.
After his playing career ended, Garrett began as a pro personnel assistant for Sam Wyche's Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1992 to 1994. Then in 1995 and ending in 1998, Garrett served as an offensive assistant and wide receivers coach for the Cincinnati Bengals. In 1999, he became the quarterbacks coach for the Arizona Cardinals and served in that position for two seasons. Then in 2001, he was hired as a tight ends coach for the Bengals. After spending two seasons working with tight ends, he was named one of the teams scouts.
In 2004, Garrett was hired as a wide receivers coach for the Virginia Cavaliers where he worked for three seasons. Later in 2007, he was hired by the Dallas Cowboys to be a tight ends coach. And beginning in 2011, he began to serve as the passing game coordinator.
In January, 2013, John was hired as wide receivers coach by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Personal.
Garrett comes from a family of coaches, his father, Jim, was an assistant coach for the New York Giants (1970–1973), New Orleans Saints (1976–77), and Cleveland Browns (1978–84), head coach of the Houston Texans of the fledgling WFL (1974), and head football coach at Columbia University (1985). From 1987-2004, he served as a scout for the Dallas Cowboys. Garrett's brother, Jason, is currently the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys, Judd Garrett, also works for the Cowboys. Another brother, Jim, is chairman of the English Department at John's alma mater, University School.
With his wife, Honor, Garrett has four children named John Morgan, Honor, Olivia and Caroline.

</doc>
<doc id="21595525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595525" title="Jarle Bondevik">
Jarle Bondevik

Jarle Bondevik (born 29 June 1934) is a Norwegian philologist.
He was born in Sogndal, and took the a cand.philol. degree at the University of Bergen in 1961. He worked as a lecturer at Aarhus University from 1961 to 1963, and at Bergen Teacher's College from 1963 to 1972. In 1972 he was appointed as a lecturer at the University of Bergen. The dr.philos. degree from the University of Bergen institution followed in 1988, and in 1993 he became a professor. From 1991 to 1999 he was also an assisting professor at Volda University College.
He is a former member of the Norwegian Language Council, and together with Oddvar Nes and Terje Aarset he has published nine volumes of unreleased material from Ivar Aasen.
He resides in Søreidgrend.

</doc>
<doc id="21595528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595528" title="Patricia House">
Patricia House

Patricia A. (Pat) House is co-founder, vice chairman, and senior vice president of strategy of C3, a provider of energy and emissions management software.
Career.
She was co-founder, vice chairman, and previously executive vice president of Siebel Systems. Prior to co-founding Siebel Systems, Ms. House served in senior executive positions with Oracle Corporation, Verbatim Corporation, and Frame Technology Corporation. House has spoken at Stanford University and Oxford University’s Saïd Business School.
Board Positions.
Ms. House serves on the board of First Virtual Group. She formerly served on the board of directors of Shutterfly and BDNA Corporation, and is the founder and chairman of The Mary Mae Foundation.
She is a former director of Siebel Systems and Levi Strauss & Co. and former Advisory Council member at Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Honors and awards.
Ms. House was named one of Fortune's 50 Most Powerful Women (2000) and Entrepreneur of the Year (2004) by the Forum for Women Entrepreneurs.
Education.
Ms. House earned a BA in Education from Western Michigan University.

</doc>
<doc id="21595530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595530" title="PSL Player of the Season">
PSL Player of the Season

The PSL Player of the Season in South African football is awarded to the most outstanding player of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21595546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595546" title="Dodd Middle School">
Dodd Middle School

Dodd Middle School is a public school in Cheshire, Connecticut. It hosts grades 7 and 8 and has about 800 students. 
The schools sports teams are:
The school is broken up into several colored teams, each having about 100-110 students. Teams are broken up by grade. The 7th grade teams are Aqua, Maroon, Teal, and Yellow. The 8th grade teams are Blue, Green, Purple, and Red.
Students at Dodd can also learn a world language. The language choices are Spanish, French, German, and Latin.
Dodd Middle School was recognized as a national blue ribbon school of excellence two years in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="21595547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595547" title="1995 Tel Aviv Open">
1995 Tel Aviv Open

The 1995 Tel Aviv Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1995 ATP Tour. It was played at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon near Tel Aviv in Israel from October 9 through October 16, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="21595549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595549" title="Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis">
Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis

The Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis (German: k.k.priv. Galizische Carl Ludwig-Bahn (CLB), Polish: Kolej galicyjska im. Karola Ludwika) was a railway system, named after Archduke Charles Louis of Austria. It was built in the Austro-Hungarian province of Galicia in the second half of the 19th century, under management of Prince Leon Sapieha, with licence granted to him by Emperor Franz Josef on April 7, 1858. Works on the system, carried out by the Association of Charles Louis Railway were not completed until 1892. 
Once finished, the line crossed whole Galicia from west to east, joining main urban centers of the province - Kraków, Tarnów, Rzeszów, Przemyśl, Lwów (Lemberg) and Tarnopol. It started in Kraków and ended at the border rail station of Podwoloczyska (today Pidvolochysk), where it was connected over Zbruch with railroads of the Russian Empire at Volochysk. Apart from the main, west-east line, the system was made of secondary importance connections, such as:
Further west, the Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis was connected with rail system of Bohemia and Austria at the junctions of Cieszyn and Bohumin. Also, in 1884, the Tarnów - Stroze - Jasło line was completed, which connected the Archduke Charles Louis Rail with network of the Kingdom of Hungary.
Currently, the Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis is part of Polish line number 91, which goes from Kraków to the border crossing of Medyka near Przemyśl.

</doc>
<doc id="21595550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595550" title="The Best Classics... Ever!">
The Best Classics... Ever!

The Best Classics... Ever! is a compilation album released by EMI in late 2005. This compilation contains short works (and excerpts from longer works) by great composers like Ludwig van Beethoven.

</doc>
<doc id="21595579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595579" title="Fringe search">
Fringe search

In computer science, fringe search is a recent graph search algorithm that finds the least-cost path from a given initial node to one goal node.
In essence, fringe search is a middle ground between A* and the iterative deepening A* variant (IDA*). 
If "g"("x") is the cost of the search path from the first node to the current, and "h"("x") is the heuristic estimate of the cost from the current node to the goal, then "ƒ"("x") = "g"("x") + "h"("x"), and "h"* is the actual path cost to the goal. Consider IDA*, which does a recursive left-to-right depth-first search from the root node, stopping the recursion once the goal has been found or the nodes have reached a maximum value "ƒ". If no goal is found in the first threshold "ƒ", the threshold is then increased and the algorithm searches again. I.E. It iterates on the threshold. 
There are three major inefficiencies with IDA*. First, IDA* will repeat states when there are multiple (sometimes non-optimal) paths to a goal node - this is often solved by keeping a cache of visited states. IDA* thus altered is denoted as memory-enhanced IDA* (ME-IDA*), since it uses some storage. Furthermore, IDA* repeats all previous operations in a search when it iterates in a new threshold, which is necessary to operate with no storage. By storing the leaf nodes of a previous iteration and using them as the starting position of the next, IDA*'s efficiency is significantly improved (otherwise, in the last iteration it would always have to visit every node in the tree). 
Fringe search implements these improvements on IDA* by making use of a data structure that is more or less two lists to iterate over the frontier or fringe of the search tree. One list "now", stores the current iteration, and the other list "later" stores the immediate next iteration. So from the root node of the search tree, "now" will be the root and "later" will be empty. Then the algorithm takes one of two actions: If "ƒ"(head) is greater than the current threshold, remove "head" from "now" and append it to the end of "later"; i.e. save "head" for the next iteration. Otherwise, if "ƒ"(head) is less than or equal to the threshold, expand "head" and discard "head", consider its children, adding them to the beginning of "now". At the end of an iteration, the threshold is increased, the "later" list becomes the "now" list, and "later" is emptied. 
An important difference here between fringe and A* is that the contents of the lists in fringe do not necessarily have to be sorted - a significant gain over A*, which requires the often expensive maintenance of order in its open list. Unlike A*, however, fringe will have to visit the same nodes repeatedly, but the cost for each such visit is constant compared to the worst-case logarithmic time of sorting the list in A*.
Pseudocode.
Implementing both lists in one doubly linked list, where nodes following the current node are the "later" portion and all else are the "now" list follows. Using an array of pre-allocated nodes in the list for each node in the grid, access time to nodes in the list is reduced to a constant. Similarly, a marker array allows lookup of a node in the list to be done in constant time. "g" is stored as a hash-table, and a last marker array is stored for constant-time lookup of whether or not a node has been visited before and if a cache entry is valid.
Reverse pseudo-code.
Experiments.
When tested on grid-based environments typical of computer games including impassable obstacles, fringe outperformed A* by some 10 percent to 40 percent, depending on use of tiles or octiles. Possible further improvements include use of a data structure that lends itself more easily to caches.

</doc>
<doc id="21595588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595588" title="Optimal cutting temperature compound">
Optimal cutting temperature compound

Optimal Cutting Temperature compound (OCT) is used to embed tissue samples prior to frozen sectioning on a microtome-cryostat. This process is undertaken so as to mount slices (sections) of a sample onto slides for analysis.
Components.
Composition/Data on Components:
As stated on the bottle:
"10.24% polyvinyl alcohol
4.26% polyethylene glycol
85.5% non-reactive ingredients"

</doc>
<doc id="21595595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595595" title="In the Name of Love (Earth, Wind &amp; Fire album)">
In the Name of Love (Earth, Wind &amp; Fire album)

In the Name of Love is an album by Earth, Wind & Fire. It was released in 1997 on Rhino Records and was produced by the band's leader Maurice White for Kalimba Productions. The album was originally released in Japan only, under the title of Avatar; this pressing contained a different tracklist than the more widely released version. The track "Love Is Life" is a remake of its namesake which appeared on the band 's debut album, "Earth, Wind & Fire". In October 2006, "In the Name of Love" was reissued on White's label Kalimba Records, with the three songs only found on "Avatar" as bonus tracks.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="21595601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595601" title="The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 3">
The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 3

The Best Smooth Jazz... Ever! vol. 3 is a compilation album released by EMI in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21595634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595634" title="University of the People">
University of the People

University of the People (UoPeople) is an non-profit, tuition-free, accredited online academic institution headquartered in Pasadena, California, US.
History.
Educational entrepreneur Shai Reshef launched University of the People in January 2009. Its first cohorts started studying in September 2009, when 177 students from 49 countries across the globe comprised the inaugural class of the University.
The Information Society Project at Yale Law School (Yale ISP) expanded its program in digital education by entering into a research partnership with University of the People in September 2009.
The university was announced at the UN on May 19, 2009, and was presented at the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) in August 2010.
In June 2011, University of the People established collaboration with New York University (NYU) to identify UoPeople students who are eligible for admission to one of the most selective institutions in the world - NYU Abu Dhabi.
In August 2013, Microsoft 4Afrika announced a scholarship program to give 1,000 students from Africa scholarships to study at UoPeople, as well as access to Microsoft programs and resources.
University of the People received accreditation in February 2014, through the Distance Education and Training Council.
In May 2014, The Bayelsa State Government of Nigeria entered a partnership with University of the People in a milestone agreement, the University's first government agreement, which will support students towards achieving Bachelor Degrees in Computer Science or Business Administration.
By May 2014, the University had accepted more than 1700 students from 143 countries.
Organization and administration.
The University is led by a board of trustees and its council of presidents.
UoPeople has gained widespread support of leading academics with its President’s Council. The Council is chaired by New York University President John Sexton and includes UC Berkeley Chancellor Nicholas Dirks, President of Lincoln University Dr. Robert R. Jennings, Director of the Indian Institute of Technology (ITT) Professor Devang Khakhar, Oxford Vice-Chancellor Sir Colin Lucas, President Emeritus of RISD Roger Mandle, President Emeritus at Barnard College Judith R. Shapiro and President Emeritus of The George Washington University Stephen Joel Trachtenberg.
The University's board of trustees is chaired by Adv. Ashok J. Chandrasekhar, and committee members include Hon. Justice Christine M. Durham, Professor Daniel J. H. Greenwood, Tom Healy, Dr. Gabriel Hawawini and UoPeople President and founder Shai Reshef. 
The university has 4 advisory boards:
The Business Administration Advisory Board, chaired by Dr. Russell S. Winer, (Dean) Chair of the Department of Marketing at the Stern School of Business, New York University. Members include: Mrs. Ogechi Adeola (Associate Dean), Mr. Stephan Chambers, Professor Dr. Kriengsak Charoenwongsak, Mr. John Gerzema, Dr. Gabriel Hawawini, Dr. Albert Wenger and Ms. Toby Winer. 
The Computer Science Advisory Board, chaired by Dr. Alexander Tuzhilin (Dean), Chair of the Department of Information, Operations and Management Sciences at Stern School of Business. Members include: Dr. Daniel Taipala (Associate Dean), Dr. Vijay Atluri, Dr. Shay David, Professor HV Jagadish, Dr. Mihai Nadin, Professor Vincent Oria, Dr. Avi Silberschatz and Ms.Gabriele Zedlmayer.
The Arts & Sciences Advisory Board, chaired by Dr. Dalton Conley (Dean) from NYU. Members include: Dr. Michelle Rogers-Estable (Associate Dean), Ms. June Arunga, Dr. Peter Awn, Professor Jack M. Balkin, Dr. Catherine M. Casserly, Dr. Geraldine Downey, Dr. Terry Fulmer, Mr. M. Humayun Kabir, Dr. Ariel Kalil, Dr. Abdul Waheed Khan, Dr. Preetha Ram, Dr. David Wiley, Ms. Esther Wojcicki and Dr. Ruth Yakir. 
The Library Services Advisory Board, chaired by Ms. Ilene Frank (Director of Library Services) , previously from the University of South Florida. Members include: Ms. Carol Goodson, Mr. S. Blair Kauffman, Mr. James G. Neal and Mr. Tom Peters.
The University's structure is based on a pool of more than 3000 volunteers, some of which fill various positions at every rank of the University. These volunteers are supported by a small paid staff. 
University of the People uses instructor support combined with learning by teaching and peer-to-peer learning. The university uses online discussion forums and online communities in order for students to cover readings, share resources, exchange ideas and discuss assigned questions. Scholars, professors, librarians, master level students and other professionals—many of them volunteers—oversee and participate in both the assessment process and the development of curricula.
UoPeople Students also have access to the UoPeople Library & Resource Center (ULRC), a virtual environment delivered through the University course site. The Center's collections are primarily proprietary academic resources but also include open educational resources.
Financial Information.
University of the People operates on an annual budget of just $1.2 million by relying on a network of volunteers worldwide. The volunteers are from top academic institutions, corporations and organizations around the world and provide their experience and services to support the tuition-free mission of University of the People.
Assets and Revenue: University of the People has Total Assets of $632,380 and Total Revenue of $1,321,584 (2013).
Academic programs.
University of the People offers the following four undergraduate degrees: 
Fees.
University of the People is tuition-free, but not free. Students pay a registration fee on a sliding scale of $10 to $50 determined by income and country of residence, and a $100 administration fee for each exam they take. To complete a degree, a student must take 40 exams, which costs a total of $4,000. Students who cannot afford to pay can apply for scholarships.
Partnerships.
Yale Law School Information Society Project.
University of the People and Yale Law School ISP (Information Society Project) announced a digital education research partnership in 2009. Jack Balkin, Yale ISP Director and Knight Professor of Constitutional Law and the First Amendment at Yale Law School, serves on the Arts and Science Advisory Board of University of the People.
New York University.
In June 2011, New York University (NYU) announced a collaborative agreement with University of the People to identify those UoPeople students eligible for admission to New York University's Abu Dhabi campus. Recognizing that many of UoPeople's students are economically disadvantaged youth, eligible students who qualify for admittance to NYU Abu Dhabi, as well as qualify for financial aid, may receive generous financial aid to enable them to afford attendance at NYU Abu Dhabi. John sexton is the chairman of the University's council of Presidents, and all three UoPeople deans hail from NYU.
Microsoft4Afrika.
Through the Microsoft4Afrika scholarship program, Microsoft has pledged to sponsor 1000 African students to study at UoPeople. Scholarship recipients will further enhance their skills and experience through participation in additional support programs, including professional training from Microsoft, mentorship by Microsoft employees, internships, and job opportunities with Microsoft and their affiliates in Africa. The University plans to replicate this partnership with further corporations in the future.
Hewlett Packard (HP).
University of the People and Hewlett Packard (HP) announced a partnership in June 2011 to open up virtual research internships for UoPeople students as part of HP's Catalyst Initiative - a global network of consortia that brings together educational institutions and nongovernmental organizations.
Additionally, Hewlett-Packard was the first corporate sponsor of the University of the People Women Scholarship Fund, with a donation of $200,000 to sponsor 100 women towards the attainment of their Associate degrees. HP also gave the University a 200,000 general donation, and donated computers to the University's learning center in Haiti.
United Nations Global Alliance for ICT and Development.
Working under the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, GAID was approved by the United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan in 2006 in recognition that ICT must be effectively integrated into development activities if internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, are to be achieved within the agreed time frame. On May 19, 2009, UN-GAID announced the launch of University of the People at a press conference in New York to reporters, and it's President, Shai Reshef, was named as a High profile advisor to UN GAID.
Clinton Global Initiative.
Clinton Global Initiative Advances University of the People Pledge to Democratize Higher Education in Haiti. In August 2010, UoPeople was invited to become a member of the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI), and announced its commitment to Haiti, in which UoPeople committed to accepting 250 qualified Haitian youth to study at the University for free, helping them access education and develop the skills needed to rebuild their country. The commitment was fulfilled in May 2014.
OpenCourseWare Consortium.
OpenCourseWare is a free and open digital publication of high quality educational materials, organized as courses. The OpenCourseWare Consortium (OCWC) is a collaboration of more than 200 higher education institutions and associated organizations from around the world creating a broad and deep body of open educational content using a shared model. As a member of OCWC, UoPeople strengthens its commitment to advancing the current education system via the Internet.
Asal Technologies.
University of the People moved its IT development to Ramallah via a technology partnership with Asal Technologies, as announced on March 7, 2012. One of the primary drivers behind this move is that the University states it is determined to not only provide educational opportunity, but also job opportunities to regions in need of them. Palestine is one such region. Since opening the center, part of the university's student services and financial support services have relocated to Ramallah as well. University of the People also announced it is currently considering moving a large part of its back office operations to Ramallah, in order to provide additional jobs.
Saylor Foundation.
The Saylor Foundation is a non-profit organization whose mission is to make higher education free and accessible to all through the internet. On April 10, 2012, they announced a partnership with UoPeople to adapt their Business Law course for use by UoPeople's students.
Ashoka.
Ashoka is the largest network of social entrepreneurs worldwide, with nearly 3,000 Ashoka Fellows in 70 countries putting their system changing ideas into practice on a global scale. In recognition of his revolutionary venture, UoPeople President Shai Reshef was elected an Ashoka Fellow in December 2009. The program lends Reshef professional support, including access to a global network of two thousand peers throughout the world.
The Bayelsa state government, Nigeria.
In May 2014, The Bayelsa State Government of Nigeria entered a partnership with University of the People in a milestone agreement, the University's first government agreement, which will support students towards achieving Bachelor Degrees in Computer Science or Business Administration. . This USD$1M collaboration will be carried out through the establishment of a dedicated center for students to access computers and the Internet in Bayelsa.
Special Projects.
Haiti commitment.
In November 2010, at the Clinton Global Initiative, UoPeople committed to accepting 250 qualified Haitian youth to study free online, helping them access education and develop the skills needed to rebuild their country.  
UoPeople teamed up with local allies to spread the word about the University, screen potential candidates, locate venues for student centers, furnish these centers with computers, ensure electricity and back-up generators and provide satellite internet. The establishment of all Student Computer Centers is done through alliance with local NGO’s: Haitian Connection Network, the Foundation for the Technological and Economic Advancement of Mirebalais (FATEM), and the ETRE Ayisyen Foundation. The growing success in Haiti of the model of student centers created with local allies is one which UoPeople can utilize further to reach students worldwide, who are qualified to study but do not have computers or internet connectivity. In May 2014, the university reached its initial project goal of accepting 250 Haitian students.
Awards and recognition.
In 2013, the International Student Identity Card (ISIC) Association and MasterCard Worldwide announced that University of People (UoPeople) was the winner of the 2013 ISIC Award for its "innovative approach to education access."

</doc>
<doc id="21595662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595662" title="1996 Eisenberg Israel Open">
1996 Eisenberg Israel Open

The 1996 Eisenberg Israel Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon in Israel and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from October 14 through October 20, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21595700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595700" title="The Best Samba... Ever!">
The Best Samba... Ever!

The Best Samba... Ever! is a compilation album released by EMI in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21595710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595710" title="Committee on Scientists and Engineers">
Committee on Scientists and Engineers

The Committee on Scientists and Engineers was created by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower as the result of recommendations of an earlier Special Interdepartmental Committee and was charged with taking action in all appropriate ways to promote a substantial growth in the national supply of scientific and technological manpower. It was established on April 3, 1956 as the "National Committee for the Development of Scientists and Engineers", but on May 7, 1957 the name was shortened. The final report of the Committee was submitted to the President on December 17, 1958, and the Committee expired on December 31, 1958.
Committee members.
The Committee was made up of representatives from major national organizations concerned with the education, training, and utilization of scientific and engineering personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="21595736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595736" title="Kamiji">
Kamiji

Kamiji is a town and territory in Kabinda District, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The town lies west of the Bushimaie River and east of the Lubi River, at an altitude of 2,565 ft (781 m).

</doc>
<doc id="21595815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595815" title="Giant mole shrew">
Giant mole shrew

The giant mole shrew ("Anourosorex schmidi") is a species of red-toothed shrew native to the southeastern slopes of the Himalaya of Bhutan and India.

</doc>
<doc id="21595841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595841" title="Richard Baggallay (cricketer)">
Richard Baggallay (cricketer)

Richard Romer Claude Baggallay D.S.O. M.C. (4 May 1884 – 12 December 1975) was an English army officer and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire between 1912 and 1919 and captained the side in 1913, 1914 and 1919.
Bagallay was born at Kensington the son of Claude Baggallay K.C. a barrister of Wilderwick, East Grinstead, Sussex. He was educated at Marlborough College and joined the 11th Hussars. 
Baggallay made his cricketing debut for Derbyshire in the 1912 season playing in two matches, the first a draw against the Australians in which he made little impression. He was captain in the 1913 season when Derbyshire finished 13th in the table and again in the 1914 season when they finished 12th. He then fought in World War I between 1914 and 1919. He served in the Irish Guards and was successively captain and major, seeing service at the Somme and Ypres. He was mentioned in despatches and awarded D.S.O. and M.C. in 1919.
After the war Baggallay resumed the captaincy of Derbyshire in the 1919 season. However after three matches that season he was called to Ireland as Military Secretary to the Viceroy of Ireland, Lord Ypres and was thereafter unable to play for the county. 
Baggallay was a right-hand batsman and occasional wicket-keeper. He played 59 innings in 31 matches for Derbyshire. His highest score was 88 and his average 11.86. His last recorded match was in 1922 for the Household Cavalry against an Eton side that include Lord Dunglass.
Baggallay became Lieutenant Colonel and in World War II was commandant of the Alien internment camps on the Isle of Man between 1940 and 1942. He died at Kensington aged 91.
Baggallay married, firstly, Kathleen Constance Charlotte FitzGerald Murphy in 1910 and secondly Phyllis Mildred Harriet Ford in 1922. He had three children by his first wife. His brother Mervyn Baggallay played cricket for Cambridge University, and a cousin Thomas Baggallay played for Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="21595864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595864" title="The Best Christmas... Ever!">
The Best Christmas... Ever!

The Best Christmas... Ever!- is a compilation album released by EMI in late 2006. It contains Polish, English and Christmas songs from other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21595870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595870" title="Commission for Energy Regulation">
Commission for Energy Regulation

The Commission for Energy Regulation-An Coimisiún Rialall Fuinnimh (CER) is Ireland's independent energy regulator. The CER has a wide range of economic, customer protection and safety responsibilities in energy. At a high-level, the CER's overall mission, acting in the interests of consumers, is to ensure that:
• the lights stay on,
• the gas continues to flow,
• the prices charged are fair and reasonable,
• the environment is protected, and 
• energy is supplied safely. 
The aim of the CER’s economic role is to protect the interests of energy customers, maintain security of supply, and to promote competition covering the generation and supply of electricity and supply of natural gas. As part of its role,the CER jointly regulates the all-island wholesale Single Electricity Market (SEM) with its counterpart in Northern Ireland, the Utility Regulator. The SEM is governed by a decision-making body known as the SEM Committee, consisting of the CER, the Utility Regulator and an independent member 
The CER has an important related function in customer protection by resolving complaints that customers have with energy companies.   
In energy safety, the core focus of the CER is to protect lives and property across a range of areas in the energy sector. This includes safety regulation of electrical contractors, gas and Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) installers and gas pipelines. In addition the CER is the safety regulator of upstream petroleum safety extraction and exploration activities, including off-shore gas and oil. 
The CER is also preparing for its expected new role as the economic regulator of the Irish public water and wastewater sector, anticipated to commence formally towards the end of 2013. 
Electricity Regulation.
Generation
The CER licenses and monitors electricity generators.
Please see information on the wholesale/generation Single Electricity Market (SEM) in the next section.
Transmission Network 
Generally the high voltage lines deliver electricity from Ireland's generation sources to the transformer stations, where the electricity voltage is reduced and taken onwards through the distribution system to individual customers' premises. There are also about 18 very large commercial customers directly connected to the transmission system.
EirGrid is the independent state-owned body licensed by the CER to act as transmission system operator (TSO) and is responsible for the operation, development and maintenance of the system. The TSO also offers terms and levies charges to market participants for the connection to and use of the transmission system, which are regulated by the CER. ESB Networks is licensed by the CER as the owner of the transmission system and is responsible for carrying out the maintenance and construction of the system.
The CER sets the allowed revenue/tariffs for the transmission business and approves the connection policy for generators and suppliers connecting to and/or using the network.
Distribution Network 
The Distribution Network is the medium and low voltage electricity network used to deliver electricity to connection points such as houses, offices, shops, and street lights. The Distribution Network includes all overhead electricity lines, poles and underground cables used to bring power to Ireland’s customers.
ESB Networks (a ring fenced subsidiary within the ESB Group) is the Distribution System Operator licensed by the CER, responsible for the building, maintaining and operating the distribution network infrastructure. The Distribution Network is owned by ESB, the licensed Distribution Asset Owner.
The CER sets the allowed revenue/tariffs for the distribution business and approves the connection policy for generators and suppliers connecting to and/or using the network.
Supply
The CER licenses and monitors electricity suppliers.
The CER has overseen the gradual liberalisation of the electricity supply market which culminated in full market opening in February 2005. The regulatory framework created the right environment for competition to develop and since then competition has increased in the business and domestic markets. As a result, in 2010 the CER published its Roadmap to Deregulation, which set out the milestones for the end of price regulation. All business markets were deregulated from 1 October 2010. Since April 2011 the domestic market has been deregulated, so all electricity suppliers may set their own tariffs without price regulation from the CER.
Single Electricity Market.
Since 1 November 2007 the Commission for Energy Regulation (CER) and Utility Regulator, together referred to as the Regulatory Authorities or RAs, have jointly regulated the all-Island wholesale electricity market known as the Single Electricity Market (SEM). The SEM covers both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
The decision-making body which governs the market is the SEM Committee, consisting of the CER, the Utility Regulator as well as an independent member (who also has a deputy), with each entity having one vote.
The detailed rules of the SEM are set out in the Trading and Settlement Code, which is overseen by the SEM Committee.
At a high level, the SEM includes a centralised gross pool (or spot) market which, given its mandatory nature for key generators and suppliers, is fully liquid. In this pool electricity is bought and sold through a market clearing mechanism, whereby generators bid in the Short Run Marginal Cost (SRMC) and receive the System Marginal Price (SMP) for each trading period for their scheduled market quantities. Generators also receive separate payments for the provision of available generation capacity through a capacity payment mechanism, and constraint payments for differences between the market schedule and the system dispatch. Suppliers purchasing energy from the pool pay the SMP for each trading period along with capacity costs and system charges.
For further information on SEM please see www.allislandproject.org.
Natural Gas.
There are two types of gas pipelines operating around the country. The larger pipes which transport gas long distances are known as transmission pipes and the smaller pipes which bring gas from the transmission pipes to individual premises are known as distribution pipes. Bord Gáis Éireann (BGE) owns the transmission and distribution systems in the Republic of Ireland [http://www.energycustomers.ie/gas/index.aspx#sup.]
Bord Gáis Networks (BGN) is the designated subsidiary within Bord Gáis Éireann which constructs and extends the natural gas network in Ireland to the highest safety standards. Gaslink is currently the TSO and DSO for gas.
The CER sets the allowed revenue/tariffs and connection policy for the gas transmission and distribution network (similar to electricity).
The CER licenses and monitors gas suppliers. Since 1 July 2007 Ireland's retail gas market has been open to competition and all gas customers are eligible to switch their gas supplier. This represents over half a million domestic customers. Increased competition in the natural gas market can potentially offer a number of important benefits to consumers, including increased choice, greater efficiency, lower prices and higher standards of service.
Competition has developed successfully in the business end of the market, and more recently in the domestic market. The CER continues to regulate the revenue earned and tariffs charged by Bord Gáis Energy Supply to domestic customers.
Customer Care.
The CER has an important function in customer protection by resolving complaints that customers have with energy companies.
For further information on the CER's role in this area please see www.energycustomers.ie
Energy Safety.
The CER has a dedicated Energy Safety division responsible for the safety regulation of natural gas supply, transmission, distribution, storage and use of gas, the registration of electrical contractors and gas installers by designated bodies, and the regulation of designated upstream petroleum activities.
Specifically, the Electricity Regulation Act, 1999, as amended by various pieces of legislation, gives the CER responsibilities in the areas of electrical, gas and petroleum safety. This includes the following functions:
• Regulate the activities of electrical contractors with respect to safety
• Regulate the activities of natural gas undertakings and LPG safety licence holders with respect to safety
• Regulate the activities of natural gas and LPG installers with respect to safety
• Promote the safety of natural gas and LPG customers and the public generally regarding the safe use of gas
• Establish and implement a natural gas and LPG safety regulatory framework
• Regulate the activities of petroleum undertakings with respect to safety through the establishment of a Petroleum Safety Framework.

</doc>
<doc id="21595892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595892" title="Faith &amp; Family">
Faith &amp; Family

Faith & Family was a quarterly periodical published by Bayard, Inc. about Catholic living, with a particular emphasis on marriage and motherhood. The online version of the magazine featured a daily blog with posts about food, culture, health, family life, and life in the Church. 
"Faith & Family Magazine" received the Catholic Press Association's "Best General Interest Magazine" award six years in a row. It was published by Bayard Inc., the same company that owns and publishes "Catholic Digest", "Living With Christ", "Tobias", "Creative Catechist", "Exploring the Sunday Readings", and "God's Word Today".
Faith & Family was last edited by Danielle Bean. It closed in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21595897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595897" title="George Turnbull (civil engineer)">
George Turnbull (civil engineer)

George Turnbull was the Chief Engineer responsible for construction from 1851 to 1863 of the first railway line from Calcutta (the then commercial capital of India): the 541-mile line to Benares en route to Delhi. He was acclaimed in the Indian Government's "Official Gazette" of 7 February 1863 paragraph 5 as the ""First railway engineer of India"".
Early life.
George Turnbull was born in Luncarty, 5 miles north of Perth, Scotland in 1809, the 11th child of William Turnbull and Mary Sandeman — they moved in 1814 to nearby Huntingtower village, where his father developed a bleachfield. His two grandfathers Hector Turnbull and William Sandeman had jointly developed linen bleachfields in Luncarty. Initially largely schooled by his older sister Mary, George in 1819 from age 10 rode a pony to Perth Grammar School. In 1824 he attended Edinburgh University learning Latin, Greek and mathematics.
Career in England.
In 1828 he sailed from Dundee to London to train under the famous civil engineer Thomas Telford building St Katharine Docks. In 1830 he became Telford's draughtsman and clerk, living in Telford's house in 24 Abingdon Street. He became an Associate of the Institution of Civil Engineers at age 19 and eventually the oldest member.
In 1832, he helped survey the options for supplying water to London both from the north and south, gauging the north-side rivers Colne, Gade, Lea, Odess and Ver; and on the south side the River Wandle. He was involved in 1833 with experiments for fast passenger canal boats on the Paddington Canal with Cubitt, Dundas and other prominent engineers.
In 1834 Telford died: Turnbull (Telford's clerk) was involved with his burial in Westminster Abbey. Turnbull was promoted to be resident engineer until 1840 building the Bute ship canal and docks in Cardiff, reporting to William Cubitt and meeting Lord Bute regularly. In August 1836 George was in Bristol to see the 1½-inch bar drawn across the river at Clifton for the future suspension bridge. Brunel visited him at the Cardiff works in 1839. Amongst other journeys, his January 1837 diary records travel from Cardiff to his Perthshire home: the mail coach to Bristol (with no Severn Bridge or tunnel of course); all the next day Bristol to London ""on Cooper's coach, sitting on the box seat outside with the coachman"" (there was snow 10 feet deep near Marlborough); the steamer "Perth" for the 41-hour journey to Dundee; and then overland to Huntingtower, near Perth.
From 1840 to 1842 Turnbull built Middlesbrough Dock which was later bought by the Stockton and Darlington Railway. In 1841 he travelled through deep snow to Stirling to agree a contract to supply sleepers for the railway. In 1843 he was responsible for the railway line from the Shakespeare Tunnel along the shore to Dover station (he entertained the Duke of Wellington, ""pale, old and shaky on his legs"", who visited the works) and built a pier and landing stages at Folkestone.
In 1845 he was the engineer in Birkenhead for the complex Seacombe Wall sea defence that helped drain the marshes behind the town of Seacombe.
In 1846-9 he was the resident engineer for the Great Northern Railway making cuttings and the South Mimms, Copenhagen and three other tunnels for the first 20 miles out of London, and making the first plans for Kings Cross station.
East Indian Railway.
In 1850 he was appointed Chief Engineer of the East Indian Railway building 1851-1862 the first railway 541 miles from Calcutta to Benares (on the route to Delhi), 601 miles including branches. He designed Calcutta's terminus at Howrah which now has 23 platforms. The monsoon-ravaged Ganges tributaries such as the Sone River were particularly challenging to bridge: a major constraint for Turnbull was the lack of both quality clay and brick-building skills resulting in the change to importing much ironwork from England for the many bridges and other structures (all rails were imported from England as no Indian steel works existed). Another constraint was the difficulty of moving enormous volumes of materials from Calcutta up the Ganges on its primitive "country boats", particularly during the period of the Indian Mutiny when many boats were sunk and materials stolen. Cholera killed thousands.
Turnbull was offered a knighthood for his railway building in India, but declined it as he felt that he did not have sufficient money to live to the standard he felt was needed (he later regretted declining the knighthood, if only because it reduced his later earning power).
In February 1868, Turnbull was offered £2000 to settle the claim by contractors who had built part of the Great Indian Peninsular Railway. He travelled via Marseilles, Alexandria, train to Suez, and on to Bombay. He and others had a private train for four days ""getting down and inspecting every bridge and large culvert"" and making copious notes for the 242 miles between Bhusawal and Nagpore.
Personal life.
In 1845 he married Jane Pope in St. Margaret's, Westminster. She died 1850 in Calcutta. In 1855, after leave in England and on his way again to India, he married Fanny Thomas, the engineer William Cubitt's niece (in Neuchâtel, Switzerland because of concern that UK marriage to his deceased wife's half-sister might not be legal in England). They had five children.
The family retired to Cornwall Gardens in London and then in 1875 to Rosehill, Abbots Langley, Hertfordshire, England. He was the Vice Chairman of the Assam Tea Company — his son (Alexander) Duncan Turnbull worked for the company in Assam and his granddaughter Doris was born there.
Applying his engineering skills, he was involved with the Abbots Langley water scheme in 1885. He later wrote the prospectus for the Abbots Langley Water Company and was much involved with it. In March 1877, he also took a lease on 24 Collingham Place in London. His wife Fanny died in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="21595899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595899" title="James Trifunov">
James Trifunov

James "Jim" Trifunov (July 18, 1903 – June 27, 1993) was a Serbian-Canadian freestyle sport wrestler who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Winnipeg.
In 1924 he finished ninth in the freestyle bantamweight tournament.
Four years later he won the bronze medal in the Olympic freestyle bantamweight class.
His final Olympic appearance was at the 1932 Olympics he also competed in the freestyle bantamweight category.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medal in the bantamweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="21595909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595909" title="Miss Universe Nederland 1994">
Miss Universe Nederland 1994

The Miss Universe Nederland 1994 pageant was held on 1 March 1994. This year only 14 candidates are competing for the national crown. The chosen winner will represent the Netherlands at the Miss Universe 1994 . The First Runner Up would enter Miss International 1994. The Second Runner Up would enter Miss Europe 1994.
Results.
Top 8

</doc>
<doc id="21595910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595910" title="Rachel Berman">
Rachel Berman

Rachel Berman, born in 1946 in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, is an American-Canadian painter and children's book illustrator. She has lived and worked in Canada, the United States, and Ireland.
Her paintings have been likened to the poems of Leonard Cohen, the plays of Harold Pinter, and "a season's worth of Masterpiece Theatre episodes." The mysterious figures and hidden stories glimpsed in her paintings are a reflection of the mysteries Berman has unravelled in her own life. Once known as Susan King, she discovered her original birth name, birth date, and the names of her biological parents several years ago. This experience led her to reclaim her long-lost name.
Rachel Berman lived in Victoria, BC.
Exhibitions.
Berman has exhibited extensively across Canada and internationally. Rachel Berman is represented by Ingram Gallery in Toronto, Ontario.
International Art Fairs
2009 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2008 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2007 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2006 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2005 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2004 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2003 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2002 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
2001 Toronto International Art Fair, Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON
Solo Exhibitions
2009 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Bradley McGogg, The Very Fine Frog’
2008 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Hourglass’
2006 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘In a Station in a Metro’
2005 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Or There or Elsewhere’
2003 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘An Optimism Under Heaven’
2001 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Travelling’
Selected Group Exhibitions
2010 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ‘Owles | Sniderhan | Berman’
2009 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Summer Series’
2009 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Works on Paper’
2005 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Toy Box’
2004 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Stumble Home - with Jon Claytor’
2004 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Greyscale’
2004 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Life of the Party’
2003 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘The Water Project - 67% Bodies of Water’
2002 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Outside In’
2002 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Figure Out’
2001 Ingram Gallery, Toronto, ON, ‘Cinematic Situation’
2000 Ingram Fine Art, Toronto, ON, ‘Artists for the New Millennium’
Children's books.
Rachel Berman is the illustrator of the following books:
In 2009, and again in 2013, Rachel was nominated for the Governor General's award for English Language Children's Literature-Illustration.

</doc>
<doc id="21595912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595912" title="Still Waiting...">
Still Waiting...

Still Waiting... is a 2009 American independent film starring John Michael Higgins, and Luis Guzman, and the sequel to "Waiting...". Some of the cast of the original film appear in the sequel. Adam Carolla and Justin Long appear in cameo roles. It was written by Rob McKittrick.
Synopsis.
The film describes the misadventures of the staff at the fictional chain restaurant Shenaniganz as they cope with competition from a Hooters-esque restaurant called Ta-Tas Wing Shack.
On the last night of the fiscal quarter, Dennis, Shenanigan's manager, will be promoted to district manager if they have a $9000 day. To motivate the crew, he tells them the restaurant will close if they don't meet this goal. His competition is next door: Ta-Ta's, a bar with scantily clad waitresses, managed by the newly self-confident Calvin, from the original movie. At Ta-Ta's, it's Allison's first day; she's nervous. At Shenanigan's, Mason, a cook, is trying his best to be cool, without success. As the shift wears on, each employee faces his worst fears, and Dennis tries to learn how to attract women. Next door, Calvin and Allison make self discoveries. It all ends at the post-shift party.
Release.
This movie was released directly to DVD. Justin Long, who starred in the first movie, would later say that he was "truly embarrassed" to be involved with "Still Waiting..." (via his cameo) in an interview with Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone". "It's offensive. I think it's offensive."

</doc>
<doc id="21595922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595922" title="The Best Rock Ballads... Ever!">
The Best Rock Ballads... Ever!

The Best Rock Ballads... Ever!- is a compilation album released by EMI in early 2007. It contains what it considers to be the best rock ballads recorded by international artists.

</doc>
<doc id="21595931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595931" title="Turkish Delights (music project)">
Turkish Delights (music project)

Turkish Delights is a Turkish musical project founded in 2008 by Max van der Rose. 
Together with his partner Ferhat Albayrak he compiled the first Turkish float in the history of the Loveparade 2008 in Dortmund, Germany. 
The line-up was Pasha, Ferhat Albayrak, BeeGee, Alican & Soner and Burhan Kilicak.

</doc>
<doc id="21595945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595945" title="Wineglass Marathon">
Wineglass Marathon

The Wineglass Marathon is a marathon, 42.195 kilometres (26.219 mi), and team relay of the same distance held each October in the Finger Lakes region of New York state. The race is a point-to-point course starting in Bath, and finishing in Corning. In 2009 the Wineglass Marathon had the 6th highest percentage of participants to qualify for the Boston Marathon with 209 runners, or 27.0%, qualifying. 
The course.
The Wineglass Marathon course starts in the parking lot at Philips Lighting, just north of Bath, NY. It begins with a 40 ft. drop over the first mile as it proceeds into downtown Bath. Miles 2-4 are relatively flat allowing runners the opportunity to establish a rhythm. The first hill is located at the 4.75 mile mark where there is approximately a 40 ft. uphill climb. Over the next four miles the course passes through the countryside decorated with fall foliage. In this section, there are two small hills to climb despite an overall drop in elevation of 90 ft. Runners then enter the town of Savona where the first Team Relay zone is located. Exiting Savona runners again pass through the countryside with the course continuing its slight downhill slide, approximately 40 ft. over the next 4 miles before reaching the mid-way point located in Campbell. 
After leaving Campbell the course rises 30 ft. at mile 14. The next 4.2 miles show another slight drop in elevation totaling 80 ft. until the runners come into Coopers Plains, site of the second Team Relay exchange. Two miles out the runners enter a small park just inside the town of Painted Post and continue on with a route through a residential neighborhood. At mile 22.5 the runners come to a bike path and from there it is a virtually a flat course to the finish. The participants pass through Riverside and downtown Corning. The finish is located just after crossing a pedestrian bridge which passes over the Chemung River.
History.
The race was first held in 1981 and has been held annually ever since. The course records are:
See also.
Marathon
List of marathon races

</doc>
<doc id="21595954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595954" title="Vaalputs">
Vaalputs

Vaalputs is the only South African radioactive waste-disposal facility, called the "Vaalputs Radioactive Waste Disposal Facility", operated by NECSA. The facility is located about 100 km south-east of Springbok, in the Northern Cape. It covers an area of approximately 10,000 hectare, measuring 16,5 km from east to west and 6,5 km from north to south at its narrowest point.
Approximately 1,000 hectare is occupied by sites developed for low- and intermediate-level waste, an interim spent nuclear fuel storage facility, housing, roads, power lines and an airstrip. Vaalputs lies smothered between the Namaqualand in the west and the Bushmanland in the east.
During 1978 a programme to select a suitable site for the disposal of nuclear waste was commenced over large parts of South Africa. The programme leader had to keep a variety of socio-economic and geology related parameters in mind. Pioneer investigations indicated that the Northern Cape was the most feasible area. Supplementary studies showed that a place approximately 100 km southeast of Springbok was ideally suited for the disposal of low- and intermediate-level wastes. In 1983 three farms were acquired by the state on behalf of the NECSA, which now constitute the "Vaalputs Radioactive Waste Disposal Facility". The first low- and intermediate-level waste arrived from Koeberg in October 1986.
Initially, silos were envisaged for dry storage of spent fuel from Koeberg. However the spent fuel from Koeberg is stored in reactor pools on the Koeberg site. These pools have been re-racked in order to facilitate lifetime storage of spent fuel. Low and intermediate waste was buried in 10 meter deep trenches, which were filled with compacted soil, whereafter the surface was rehabilitated by planting local flora. In June 1997 it was revealed that some uncovered containers had rusted and were leaking radioactivity. The National Nuclear Regulator (NNR) temporarily suspended operations, until the licencing conditions were met by the operators. The NNR established communication with local communities in September 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21595956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595956" title="Taiwanese mole shrew">
Taiwanese mole shrew

The Taiwanese mole shrew ("Anourosorex yamashinai") is a species of red-toothed shrew native to Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="21595967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21595967" title="The Best Disco... Ever!">
The Best Disco... Ever!

The Best Disco... Ever! is a compilation album released by EMI in 2007. It contains the best disco songs by international artists.

</doc>
