<doc id="21481546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481546" title="Wheelchair">
Wheelchair

A wheelchair is a chair with wheels, invented in the early 5th century. The device comes in variations where it is propelled by motors or by the seated occupant turning the rear wheels by hand. Often there are handles behind the seat for someone else to do the pushing. Wheelchairs are used by people for whom walking is difficult or impossible due to illness, injury, or disability. People who have difficulty sitting and walking often need to use a wheelbench.
History.
The earliest records of wheeled furniture was an inscription found on a stone slate in China and a child’s bed depicted in a frieze on a Greek vase, both dating back to the 6th century BCE. The first records of wheeled seats being used for transporting the disabled date to three centuries later in China; the Chinese used their invented wheelbarrow to move people as well as heavy objects. A distinction between the two functions was not made for another several hundred years, around 525 CE, when images of wheeled chairs made specifically to carry people begin to occur in Chinese art.
Later dates relate to Europeans using this technology during the German Renaissance.
The invalid carriage or Bath Chair seems to date from around 1760.
Harry Jennings and his disabled friend Herbert Everest, both mechanical engineers, invented the first lightweight, steel, collapsible wheelchair in 1933. Everest had broken his back in a mining accident.
The two saw the business potential of the invention and went on to become the first mass-manufacturers of wheelchairs: Everest and Jennings. Their "x-brace" design is still in common use, albeit with updated materials and other improvements.
Types.
A basic manual wheelchair incorporates a seat, foot rests and four wheels: two, caster wheels at the front and two large wheels at the back. The two larger wheels in the back usually have handrims; two metal or plastic circles approximately 3/4" thick. The handrims have a diameter normally only slightly smaller than the wheels they are attached to. Most wheelchairs have two push handles at the top of the back to allow for manual propulsion by a second person.
Other varieties of wheelchair are often variations on this basic design, but can be highly customised for the user's needs. Such customisations may encompass the seat dimensions, height, seat angle (also called seat dump or squeeze), footrests, leg rests, front caster outriggers, adjustable backrests and controls.
Everyday manual wheelchairs come in two major designs—folding or rigid. The rigid chairs, which are increasingly preferred by active users, have permanently welded joints and many fewer moving parts. This reduces the energy required to push the chair by eliminating many points where the chair would flex as it moves. Welding the joints also reduces the overall weight of the chair. Rigid chairs typically feature instant-release rear wheels and backrests that fold down flat, allowing the user to dismantle the chair quickly for storage in a car.
Many rigid models are now made with ultralight materials such as aircraft aluminium and titanium. One major manufacturer, Tilite, builds only ultralights. Another innovation in rigid chair design is the installation of polymer shock absorbers, such as FrogLegs, which cushion the bumps over which the chair rolls. These shock absorbers may be added to the front wheels or to the rear wheels, or both. Rigid chairs also have the option for their rear wheels to have a camber. Wheels can have a camber, or tilt, which angles the tops of the wheels in toward the chair. This allows for better propulsion by the user which is desired by long-term users. Sport wheelchairs have large camber angles to improve stability.
Various optional accessories are available, such as anti-tip bars or wheels, safety belts, adjustable backrests, tilt and/or recline features, extra support for limbs or neck, mounts or carrying devices for crutches, walkers or oxygen tanks, drink holders, and clothing protectors.
Transport wheelchairs are usually light, folding chairs with four small wheels. These chairs are designed to be pushed by a caregiver to provide mobility for patients outside the home or more common medical settings.
Experiments have also been made with unusual variant wheels, like the omniwheel or the mecanum wheel. These allow for a broader spectrum of movement.
The electric wheelchair shown on the right is fitted with Mecanum wheels (sometimes known as Ilon wheels) which give it complete freedom of movement. It can be driven forwards, backwards, sideways, and diagonally, and also turned round on the spot or turned around while moving, all operated from a simple joystick.
Manually propelled.
Manual wheelchairs are those that require human power to move them. Many manual wheelchairs can be folded for storage or placement into a vehicle, although modern wheelchairs are just as likely to be rigid framed.
Manual or self-propelled wheelchairs are propelled by the occupant, usually by turning the large rear wheels, from 20-24 inches (51–61 cm)in average diameter, and resembling bicycle wheels. The user moves the chair by pushing on the handrims, which are made of circular tubing attached to the outside of the large wheels. The handrims have a diameter that is slightly less than that of the rear wheels. Skilled users can control speed and turning and often learn to balance the chair on its rear wheels — do a wheelie. The wheelie is not just for show — a rider who can control the chair in this manner can climb and descend curbs and move over small obstacles.
Foot propulsion of the wheelchair by the occupant is also common for patients who have limited hand movement capabilities or simply do not wish to use their hands for propulsion. Foot propulsion also allows patients to exercise their legs to increase blood flow and limit further disability.
One-arm drive enables a user to guide and propel a wheelchair from one side. Two handrims, one smaller than the other, are located on one side of the chair, left or right. On most models the outer, or smaller rim, is connected to the opposite wheel by a folding axle. When both handrims are grasped together, the chair may be propelled forward or backward in a straight line. When either handrim is moved independently, the chair will turn left or right in response to the handrim used. Another alternative is a LeverDrive chair that propels the chair forwards by using a lever that is pumped back and forth. Some chairs are also configured to allow the occupant to propel using one or both feet instead of using the rims.
Attendant-propelled chairs (or transport wheelchairs) are designed to be propelled by an attendant using the handles, and thus the back wheels are rimless and often smaller. These chairs are often used as 'transfer chairs' to move a patient when a better alternative is unavailable, possibly within a hospital, as a temporary option, or in areas where a user's standard chair is unavailable. These chairs are commonly seen in airports. Special airplane transfer chairs are available on most airlines, designed to fit narrow airplane aisles and transfer wheelchair-using passengers to and from their seats on the plane.
Wheelbase chairs are wheeled platforms with specially molded seating systems interfaced with them for users with a more complicated posture. A molded seating system involves taking a cast of a person's best achievable seated position and then either carving the shape from memory foam or forming a plastic mesh around it. This seat is then covered, framed, and attached to a wheelbase.
Light weight and high cost are related in the manual wheelchairs market. At the low-cost end, heavy, tubular steel chairs with sling seats and little adaptability dominate. Users may be temporarily disabled, or using such a chair as a loaner, or simply unable to afford better. Heavy unmodified manual chairs are common as "loaners" at large facilities such as airports, amusement parks and shopping centers. In a higher price range, and more commonly used by persons with long-term disabilities, are major manufacturer lightweight chairs with more options. The high end of the market contains ultra-light models, extensive seating options and accessories, all-terrain features, and so forth. Reclining wheelchairs have handbrake-like controls attached to the push handles or posts supporting the backrest which, when pressed by the caregiver, allow the backrest to recline from is normal upright position (at 90 degrees) to varying angles up to 180 degrees.
Electric-powered.
An electric-powered wheelchair is a wheelchair that is moved via the means of an electric motor and navigational controls, usually a small joystick mounted on the armrest, rather than manual power. For users who cannot manage a manual joystick, headswitches, chin-operated joysticks, sip-and-puff or other specialist controls may allow independent operation of the wheelchair
Other variants.
A Standing wheelchair is one that supports the user in a nearly standing position. They can be used as both a wheelchair and a standing frame, allowing the user to sit or stand in the wheelchair as they wish. They often go from sitting to standing with a hydraulic pump or electric-powered assist. Some options are provided with a manual propel model and power stand, while others have full power, tilt, recline and variations of power stand functions available as a rehabilitative medical device. The benefits of such device include, but is not limited to: aiding independence and productivity, raising self esteem and psychological well-being, heightening social status, extending access, relief of pressure, reduction of pressure sores, improved functional reach, improved Rrespiration, reduce occurrence of UTI, improved flexibility, help in maintaining bone mineral density, improved passive range motion, reduction in abnormal muscle tone and spasticity, and skeletal deformities.
A bariatric wheelchair is one designed to support larger weights; most standard chairs are designed to support no more than 250 lbs. (113 kg) on average.
Pediatric wheelchairs are another available subset of wheelchairs. "Hemi wheelchairs" have lower seats which are designed for easy foot propulsion. The decreased seat height also allows them to be used by children and shorter individuals.
A knee scooter is a related device which may be substituted for a wheelchair when an injury has occurred to only one leg, below the knee. The patient rests the injured leg on the scooter, grasps the handlebars, and pushes with the uninjured leg.
A power-assisted wheelchair is a recent development that uses the frame & seating of a typical manual chair while replacing the standard rear wheels with wheels that have small battery-powered motors in the hubs. A floating rim design senses the pressure applied by the users push & activates the motors proportionately. This results in the convenience, small size & light-weight of a manual chair while providing motorised assistance for rough/uneven terrain & steep slopes that would otherwise be difficult or impossible to navigate, especially by those with limited upper-body function.
Sports variants.
A new sport has been developed for powerchair users called powerchair football or power soccer. It is the only competitive team sport for powerchair users. The Federation Internationale de Powerchair Football Associations (FIPFA) governs the sport and is located in Paris, France with country affiliates around the world.
Transfer, stretcher, or mechanical.
Stretcher (or transfer) chairs are mobile chairs that can be adjusted to lie flat like stretchers to help in the lateral (or supine) transfer of a patient from a bed to the chair. Once transferred, the stretcher can be adjusted to allow the patient to assume a sitting position. Transfer chairs often use sliding sheets or inflatable sliding mats with air bearings to facilitate the movement of the patient from the bed to the chair. The patient in bed is rolled onto the transfer sheet or mat, and the sheet slides between the bed and the chair (configured as a flat stretcher), carrying the patient with it. Transfer chairs sometimes have separate manual cranks or electric winches which attach to the sliding sheet and pull (or drag) the patient off the bed and onto the chair. Such devices can also be used to transfer patients to standard gurneys. Alternately, nurses can lift or slide the transfer sheet and patient manually. Transfer chairs are usually much more expensive than common wheelchairs, because of the complex engineering required to be able of change the chair's configuration from a stretcher to a mobile chair. This kind of lateral patient transfer requires a stable platform to prevent injury (i.e., avoid patient falls). This stability requirement makes transfer chairs larger, heavier, and less mobile than standard wheelchairs.
All terrain variants.
All-terrain wheelchairs allow users to enter the water and provide a better mobility on beach sand and on uneven terrain, and even snow. The common adaptation among the different designs is that they have extra-wide wheels or tires, to increase stability on uneven or unsteady terrain. The wide tires on snow wheelchairs, for example, spread the weight of the chair user and the chair over a wider surface, similar to how snowshoes perform the same purpose for someone on foot, allowing the person to travel on top of the snow rather than sinking.
Different models are available, both manual and battery-driven. In many countries in Europe, where accessible tourism is well established, many beaches are wheelchair accessible and provide this kind of wheelchair to clients free of charge. Some charge a rental fee.
Recent developments.
Recent technological advances are slowly improving wheelchair and EPW technology. Some wheelchairs, such as the iBOT, incorporate gyroscopic technology and other advances, enabling the chair to balance and run on only two of its four wheels on some surfaces, thus raising the user to a height comparable to a standing person. They can also incorporate stair-climbing and four-wheel-drive feature motorized assists for hand-powered chairs are becoming more available and advanced. The popular Segway Personal Transporter is a mobility device that was a direct outgrowth of the development of the iBOT wheelchair. The Segway, which is basically an iBOT with two wheels removed, was developed explicitly to increase the number of units produced and take advantage of the economies of scale to make the iBOT affordable to wheelchair users. The $25,000 iBot, which was developed as a joint venture between Johnson and Johnson's Independence Technology and Dean Kamen's DEKA Research, was discontinued in January 2009.
A variation on the hand-powered wheelchair is the Leveraged Freedom Chair (LFC), designed by the MIT Mobility Lab. This wheelchair is designed to be low-cost, constructed with local materials, for users in developing countries. Engineering modifications have added hand-controlled levers to the LFC, to enable users to move the chair over uneven ground and minor obstacles, such as bumpy dirt roads, that are common in developing countries. It is under development, and has been tested in Kenya and India so far.
The addition of geared, all-mechanical wheels for manual wheelchairs is a new development incorporating a hypocycloidal reduction gear into the wheel design. The 2-gear wheels can be added to a manual wheelchair. The geared wheels provide a user with additional assistance by providing leverage through gearing (like a bicycle, not a motor). The two-gear wheels offer two speed ratios- 1:1 (no help, no extra torque) and 2:1, providing 100% more hill climbing force. The low gear incorporates an automatic "hill hold" function which holds the wheelchair in place on a hill between pushes, but will allow the user to override the hill hold to roll the wheels backwards if needed. The low gear also provides downhill control when descending.
A recent development related to wheelchairs is the handcycle. They come in a variety of forms, from road and track racing models to off-road types modelled after mountain bikes.
There have been significant efforts over the past 20 years to develop stationary wheelchair trainer platforms that could enable wheelchair users to exercise as one would on a treadmill or bicycle trainer.
Some devices have been created that could be used in conjunction with virtual travel and interactive gaming similar to an omnidirectional treadmill.
In 2011, British inventor Andrew Slorance developed "Carbon Black" the first wheelchair to be made almost entirely out of carbon fibre
Recently, EPFL's CNBI project has succeeded in making wheelchairs that can be moved by thought transference.
Mobility and access.
Buildings.
Adapting the built environment to make it more accessible to wheelchair users is one of the key campaigns of disability rights movements and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). The most important principle is Universal design - that all people regardless of disability are entitled to equal access to all parts of society like public transportation and buildings. A wheelchair user is less disabled in an environment without stairs.
Sometimes it is necessary to add structures like ramps or elevators in order to permit people in wheelchairs (and those using crutches, canes, walkers and so forth, or those with unsupported walking disabilities) to use a particular building. Other important adaptations are powered doors, lowered fixtures such as sinks and water fountains, and toilets with adequate space and grab bars to allow the person to maneuver himself or herself out of the wheelchair onto the fixture. In the United States, most new construction for public use must be built to ADA standards of accessibility.
With the aging of the population, architects are seeking to design wheelchair ramps for private homes that are less obtrusive and harmonize better with the overall design of the home's structure. Other important adaptations to private homes are larger bathroom doors that can accommodate wheelchairs, and showers and bathtubs that are designed for accessibility. These designs can permit the use of mobile shower chairs or transfer benches to facilitate bathing for people with disabilities. Wet rooms are bathrooms where the shower floor space and bathroom floor are one continuous surface. Such floor designs allow a patient in a shower chair to be pushed directly into the shower without needing to overcome a barrier or lip.
The construction of low floor trams and buses is being encouraged, whereas the use of paternosters in public buildings without any alternative method of transportation has been criticized due to the lack of access for wheelchair users. Modern urban architecture now incorporates better accessibility for people with disabilities.
In many countries, such as the UK, the owners of inaccessible buildings are advised to keep a lightweight portable wheelchair or scooter access ramp on hand to make premises disabled-friendly.
Vehicles.
Public transit accessible vehicles are public transportation revenue vehicles which do not restrict access, are usable and provide allocated space and/or priority seating for people who use wheelchairs.
In Los Angeles there is a program to remove a small amount of seating on some trains to make more room for bicycles and wheelchairs.
New York City's entire bus system is wheelchair-accessible, and a multi-million-dollar renovation program is underway to provide elevator access to many of the city's 485 subway stations.
In Adelaide, Australia, all public transport has provision for at least two wheelchairs per bus, tram or train. In addition all trains have space available for bicycles.
The Washington, D.C. Metro system features complete accessibility on all its subways and buses.
In Paris, France, the entire bus network, i.e. 60 lines, has been accessible to wheelchair users since 2010.
In the United States a wheelchair that has been designed and tested for use as a seat in motor vehicles is often referred to as a "WC19 Wheelchair" or a "transit wheelchair". ANSI-RESNA WC19 (officially, SECTION 19 ANSI/RESNA WC/VOL. 1 Wheelchairs for use in Motor Vehicles) is a voluntary standard for wheelchairs designed for use when traveling facing forward in a motor vehicle. ISO 7176/19 is an international transit wheelchair standard that specifies similar design and performance requirements as ANSI/RESNA WC19.
Wheelchair distribution organizations.
Several organizations exist that help to give and receive wheelchair equipment. Organizations that accept wheelchair equipment donations typically attempt to identify recipients and match them with the donated equipment they have received. Organizations that accept donations in the form of money for wheelchairs typically have the wheelchairs manufactured and distributed in large numbers, often in developing countries. Organizations focusing on wheelchairs include Direct Relief International, the Free Wheelchair Mission, Hope Haven, Personal Energy Transportation, the Wheelchair Foundation and WheelPower.
Smart wheelchairs.
A smart wheelchair is any motorized platform with a chair designed to assist a user with a physical disability, where an artificial control system augments or replaces user control. Its purpose is to reduce or eliminate the user's task of driving a motorized wheelchair. Usually, a smart wheelchair is controlled by a computer, has a suite of sensors and applies techniques in mobile robotics, but this is not necessary. The interface may consist of a conventional wheelchair joystick, or it may be a "sip-and-puff" device or a touch-sensitive display connected to a computer. This is different from a conventional motorized or electric wheelchair, in which the user exerts manual control over motor speed and direction via a joystick or other switch- or potentiometer-based device, without intervention by the wheelchair's control system.
Smart wheelchairs are designed for a variety of user types. Some platforms are designed for users with cognitive impairments, such as dementia, where these typically apply collision-avoidance techniques to ensure that users do not accidentally select a drive command that results in a collision. Other platforms focus on users living with severe motor disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, or with quadriplegia, and the role of the smart wheelchair is to interpret small muscular activations as high-level commands and execute them. Such platforms typically employ techniques from artificial intelligence, such as path-planning.
Seating systems.
Wheelchair seating systems are designed for wheelchair users to redistribute pressure from areas of the body that are at risk of pressure ulcers. For someone in the sitting position, the parts of the body that are the most at risk for tissue breakdown include the ischial tuberosities, coccyx, sacrum and greater trochanters. Wheelchair cushions are also used to provide stability, comfort, aid posture and absorb shock.
Prior to 1970, little was known about the effectiveness of wheelchair cushions and there was not a clinical method of evaluating wheelchair seat cushions. Most recently, pressure imaging (or pressure mapping) is used to help determine each individual’s pressure distribution to properly determine and fit a seating system.
Cushions are prescribed by a patient’s rehabilitation or medical teams. Seating effectiveness is determined by immersion, envelopment and interface pressures.

</doc>
<doc id="21481550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481550" title="Juliette Passer">
Juliette Passer

Juliette M. Passer is an American attorney, writer, music director for E.S. Records and founder of Panamanagement Corporation.
She was a U.S. Adviser to the Committee of Economic Development of St. Petersburg for the development of free economic zones from 1990-1993 and participated as a U.S. expert in drafting and commenting on various legislations for several Republics in the former USSR. From 1997 up until January 1999 she served as a U.S. adviser to the Finance Committee of St. Petersburg.
She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relationsand served on the Boards of Directors of the Council for Trade and Economic Cooperation and other companies. She maintains a wide range of contacts in Russian regions as well as in Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Panama and China. 
She has written and spoken widely about the issues of commerce and law in the new markets as well as the Internet, information technology and e-commerce. She is a frequent guest lecturer and adjunct faculty at the Russian Juridical Academy, Tashkent State University of Economics, Kaplan University, Marywood University, Moravian College and others.
Studies.
Juliette Passer holds a JD (cum laude) from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law and also studied Soviet Law at the Columbia University School of Law. Ms Passer holds BM and MM degrees from the Manhattan School of Music. She majored in harp, conducting and music education. Her postgraduate work at the New York University was in child psychology and music therapy. She has also studied at the Juilliard School in New York and the Santa Cecilia Conservatory in Rome, Italy
Career.
She practiced law with the international law firms of Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler and Debevoise & Plimpton in New York specializing in corporate and project finance. She has represented both US and international clients in transactions in such sectors as aircraft leasing, aviation, pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals, transportation, telecommunications, technology transfer, information technology (IT) and the Internet, executive compensation and wealth preservation, advertising, clothing manufacturing, defense conversion, energy production and conversion, entertainment, non-profit organizations and printing. She has worked on international transactions ranging from mid-size joint ventures to $300 million debt restructuring of a U.S. telecommunications company and a $250 million petrochemical plant financing by a Finnish company, among numerous others, in such diverse markets as the former republics of the USSR, Eastern and Western Europe, China, Turkey and Panama, where Ms Passer has had an office since 2007. 
During the last four years she also has been working with the Internet-based companies on projects, from financing to licensing and domain names disputes, as well as international business transactions and general corporate representation for new media and IT companies. She has also served on boards of several companies.

</doc>
<doc id="21481557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481557" title="Chironomus plumosus">
Chironomus plumosus

Chironomus plumosus, also known as the buzzer midge, is a species of non-biting midge (Chironomidae) that occurs throughout areas in the Northern Hemisphere.
Description.
Adult.
Adults are pale green with brown legs and grow to . Males have feathery antennae while females' antennae are sleek. There is a dark brown band at the end of each abdominal segment. Adults of the sibling species "C. muratensis" and "C. nudiventris" cannot be distinguished from "C. plumosus" based on morphological characters.
Immature.
The larvae are called bloodworms because some larva are bright red, but they can also be found in brown and almost black. When the larva pupate they will drift towards the surface, making them vulnerable to many types of fish. Other common predators include the common backswimmer ("Notonecta glauca"), common pondskater ("Gerris lacustris"), common toad ("Bufo bufo"), lesser water boatman ("Corixa punctata"), dragonflies, damselflies, great crested newt ("Triturus cristatus"), great diving beetle ("Dytiscus marginalis"), redstart ("Phoenicurus phoenicurus"), smooth newt ("Triturus vulgaris"), water scorpion ("Nepa cinerea") and other midges such as "Anatopynia plumipes".
Life cycle.
During the spring and summer males will create mating swarms which people can find quite a nuisance even though adults do not bite, or feed. Females will lay egg masses in water where the egg mass will grow and sink to the bottom. The larva stay at the bottom in silken tubes. The larva feed on organic material such as organic debris and algae.

</doc>
<doc id="21481572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481572" title="Chick flick">
Chick flick

Chick-flick is a slang term for a film genre mainly dealing with love and romance and designed to appeal to a largely female target audience. Although many types of films may be directed toward the female gender, "chick-flick" is typically used only in reference to films that are heavy with emotion or contain themes that are relationship-based (although not necessarily romantic as many other themes may be present). Chick-flicks often are released en masse around Valentine's Day.
Definitions.
Generally, a chick-flick is a film designed to have an innate appeal to women, typically young women. Defining a film a chick-flick is, as the "New York Times" has stated, more of a parlor game than a science. These films are generally held in popular culture as having formulaic, paint-by-numbers plot lines and characters. This makes usage of the term "problematic" for implying "frivolity, artlessness, and utter commercialism", according to ReelzChannel. However, several chick-flicks have received high critical acclaim for their stories and performances. For example, the 1983 film "Terms of Endearment" received Academy Awards for Best Screenplay, Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress, and Best Actor in a Supporting Role.
Some frequent elements of chick-flicks include having a female protagonist, thematic use of the color pink (along with metaphorical allusions of the color), and romance and/or dating based storylines. Longtime producer Jerry Bruckheimer has remarked about the plots as "How do you cope with money and love?"
Female MSN.com commentator Kim Morgan has written,
Alternatively, the website My Pick Flick is a crowd-sourced mechanism for determining if a film is a chick-flick or not, where visitors can vote for popular film titles to be either a 'man movie' or a 'chick-flick'.
History.
The concept of films designed to appeal specifically to women has existed since the early days of cinema and has been known by other colloquial terms, including "women's pictures". Those were generally critically panned upon their release. However, women's films such as the 1950s melodramas directed by Douglas Sirk "Imitation of Life" and "Made of Honor", for example are often thought by modern critics as significantly different in tone and content to modern chick-flicks. Specifically, critics cite what they see as the ironic and complex criticisms of American culture in those past films.
The 1961 film "Breakfast at Tiffany's", commonly known as one of the 'classic' films from the golden age of cinema, is sometimes considered as an early chick-flick due to common elements such as dealing with loneliness, obsessive materialism, and happy endings. Molly Haskell has suggested that chick-flicks are very different from the women's films of the 1940s and '50s in that they now "sing a different tune." She feels that they are "more defiant and upbeat, post-modern and post-feminist." 
In the U.S. in the 1980s, a succession of teenage drama pictures also labeled as chick-flicks were released, many by director John Hughes. These often had a different and more realistic tone than previous chick-flicks, with dramatic elements such as abortion and personal alienation being included.
Several chick-flicks have been patterned after the story of Cinderella or other fairy tales (e.g. "A Cinderella Story", "Ever After", and "Pretty Woman"), or even Shakespeare in the case of "She's the Man" and "10 Things I Hate About You"; a large number are adapted from popular novels (e.g. "The Princess Diaries", "The Devil Wears Prada") and literary classics (e.g. "Little Women"). Other prominent examples include "Terms of Endearment" and "Steel Magnolias".
While most films that are considered chick-flicks are lighthearted, some suspense films also fall under this category. See "What Lies Beneath".
After the blockbuster success of the 2008 drama/romance film "Twilight", Paul Dergarabedian of the media company Media By Numbers remarked that "word 'chick-flick' is going to have to be replaced by big box-office girl-power flick" and that "[the box-office clout of the female audience is just astounding, and it's been an underserved audience for way too long". He also said, "They have no trouble finding money for the things they're passionate about." For that film, Fandango.com found that over 75% of its opening-weekend audience was female.

</doc>
<doc id="21481587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481587" title="Jones-Imboden Raid">
Jones-Imboden Raid

The Jones-Imboden Raid was a Confederate military action conducted in western Virginia (now the state of West Virginia) in April and May 1863 during the American Civil War. The raid, led by Brig. Gens. William E. Jones and John D. Imboden, was aimed at disrupting traffic on the vital Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and reasserting Confederate authority in transmountain Virginia in an effort to derail the growing statehood movement in the region. The raid was successful from a military vantage as severe damage was inflicted upon the railroad and other critical Union resources and valuable supplies and recruits were obtained. From a political standpoint, however, the raid was a failure, having little effect on the sentiment for the formation of a new state.
Background.
The raid was first proposed by John Hanson McNeill of McNeill's Rangers. His plan was the destruction of an important bridge of the Baltimore and Ohio (B&O) Railroad, which was vital to the Union supply lines through western Virginia. McNeill's idea was expanded into a two-prong attack. Gen. Jones was to attack the B&O between Grafton (West) Virginia and Oakland, Maryland. Gen. Imboden would attack Union garrisons at Beverly, Philippi, and Buckhannon. The object of the raid was to secure supplies, disrupt the B&O Railroad, raise recruits and, if possible, cripple the Unionist government in Wheeling.
Raid.
Gen. John Imboden had under his command the 22nd, 25th, and 31st Virginia Infantry regiments, the 62nd Virginia Mounted Infantry, Dunn's Mounted Infantry, and the 18th and 19th Virginia Cavalry. Among his subordinate officers were Col. George S. Patton of the 22nd, and Col. William Lowther Jackson of the 19th Virginia Cavalry, later promoted to brigadier general. On April 20, 1863, Imboden moved westward from Shenandoah Mountain with 1,825 men, although reinforcements the next day increased his strength to 3,365. Imboden reported his march through a heavy rain and then snow on his way to Beverly. Once reaching Beverly he was able to defeat Union defenders under Col. George Latham, who retreated northward, leaving behind much needed supplies.
Jones ordered McNeill's rangers and the 12th Virginia Cavalry to destroy the B&O bridge at Oakland, Maryland, while Jones's other forces destroyed the Cheat River bridge. The Oakland raid was a success, but the Cheat River bridge had been reinforced by Union troops and was left intact. Jones blamed his subordinates for weak execution of his orders. He then moved through Morgantown and to Fairmont, where he met a group of 500 civilian Home Guards who attempted to protect the railroad but soon surrendered. Rails and rolling stock were destroyed as well as the bridge.
Imboden proceeded towards Buckhannon, but reports of Union reinforcements at Philippi and no news of Jones's position caused him to return to Beverly. Union Brig. Gen. Benjamin S. Roberts, at Buckhannon, decided to withdraw his forces from there as well as from Philippi and reinforce Clarksburg.
That same day, April 28, Imboden learned of Roberts' retreat from Buckhannon and immediately moved his forces there. Roberts had ordered remaining supplies burned, but Imboden's men were able to salvage some, and well as cattle and horses.
In Washington, Gen. Henry Wager Halleck was frustrated by his subordinate officers' inability to stop the raid. He telegraphed to Gen. Robert C. Schenck: "The enemy's raid is variously estimated at from 1,500 to 4,000. You have 45,000 under your command. If you cannot concentrate enough to meet the enemy, it does not argue well for your military dispositions." To Gen. Benjamin S. Roberts in Buckhannon he wrote: "I do not understand how the roads there are impassable to you, when, by your own account, they are passable enough to the enemy."
On April 29 Imboden decided to march to Philippi and on the way he was met by Gen. Jones and part of his command. Jones had so far burned nine railroad bridges, captured two trains, an artillery piece, 1,200 to 1,500 horses, and 1,000 head of cattle.
On May 3 they moved their forces to Weston, just south of Clarksburg. Two days later they led a parade through the town and were presented with a flag by the ladies of Weston. Gen. Imboden took the opportunity to send his parents, who lived in Weston, to safety behind Confederate lines.
Although they had contemplated an attack on Clarksburg, the two generals decided that they did not have enough men, detachments having been sent east with the cattle and a number of sick and injured still in Beverly and Buckhannon. They decided to split forces once again, Jones to go northwest and Imboden south to Summersville with the captured supplies and the wounded.
Jones captured West Union and Cairo, burned five more bridges and disabled a railroad tunnel. He then moved toward Oiltown and demolished the oil field and equipment, and burned of oil. He then moved south to join up with Imboden.
Bad weather returned for Imboden on his march south, the last three days before reaching Summersville covering only . At Summersville he captured a 28 wagon supply train pulled by 170 mules, and also gathered more livestock. He met again with Jones there on May 14 and once again they went their separate ways. Imboden moved south to Lewisburg. A force of Union troops attempted to stop his return to the Shenandoah Valley, but they were met by another Confederate force under Col. John McCausland, who defeated them at Fayetteville, southwest of Summersville. Gen. Imboden reached the Shenandoah Valley in the last week of May.
Gen. Jones led his men through Greenbrier County where they rested at White Sulphur Springs on May 17 at the "Old White". They moved on to Bath County and came to camp near Mount Crawford in Rockingham on May 21.
Aftermath.
In the final tally of the raid, Jones estimated that about 30 of the enemy were killed and 700 prisoners taken. Some 400 new recruits were added, as well as a piece of artillery, 1,000 head of cattle, and some 1,200 horses. Sixteen bridges had been destroyed, an oil field, many boats and rolling rail stock.
The greater part of Gen. Imboden's troops and a good portion of Gen. Jones's troops came from western Virginia. Just a few weeks after their raid the homes of these men would be located in the newest state of the Union, West Virginia, which officially achieved statehood on June 20, 1863. West Virginia is the 35th state to join the Union.

</doc>
<doc id="21481593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481593" title="Rainbow (Miho Fukuhara album)">
Rainbow (Miho Fukuhara album)

Rainbow is the debut album by Japanese soul singer Miho Fukuhara. It peaked at #2 on the Oricon charts and sold 200,000 copies to date.

</doc>
<doc id="21481601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481601" title="Country Versatile">
Country Versatile

Country Versatile is the debut album released by rap group, Dirty. It was independently released on July 13, 1999 through Nfinity Music.

</doc>
<doc id="21481604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481604" title="Jim Westlake">
Jim Westlake

James Patrick "Jim" Westlake (July 3, 1930 – January 3, 2003) was a Major League Baseball player. Westlake played for the Philadelphia Phillies in . In 1 game, Westlake had no hits in 1 career at-bat. He batted and threw left-handed.
Westlake was born and died in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21481620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481620" title="1947 Buenos Aires Grand Prix (II)">
1947 Buenos Aires Grand Prix (II)

The second of two 1947 Buenos Aires Grand Prix (official name: I Gran Premio de Eva Duarte Perón, also known as the II Gran Premio Ciudad de Buenos Aires) was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Retiro street circuit in Buenos Aires on February 15-16, 1947. Competitions opened on February 15 with two preliminary rounds of the Mecánica Argentina - Fuerza Limitada and Mecánica Argentina - Fuerza Libre classes for a combined final which determined the qualification for the February 16, Formula Libre main event.

</doc>
<doc id="21481626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481626" title="Innogy Nordsee 1">
Innogy Nordsee 1

Innogy Nordsee 1-2-3 is a proposal for a large wind farm complex off Germany's coast. The planned offshore installation is to be built north of the island of Juist, within an area of around and in water deep. The project includes three wind farms: Innogy Nordsee 1 with 54 turbines, Innogy Nordsee 2 with 48 turbines, and Innogy Nordsee 3 with 60 turbines. In total, 162 wind turbines with a capacity of 6.15 megawatts (MW) will be used. The aim is to complete the wind farm in 2015 at a total investment of around €2.8 billion (US $3.72 billion).
The Innogy Nordsee 1 project was originally developed by ENOVA. In 2008, it was acquired by RWE Innogy. The construction permit for Innogy Nordsee 1 was issued on 4 April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21481649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481649" title="Institute of Nuclear Materials Management">
Institute of Nuclear Materials Management

The Institute of Nuclear Materials Management (INMM) is an international technical and professional organization that works to promote safe handling of nuclear material and the safe practice of nuclear materials management through publications, as well as organized presentations and meetings.
The INMM's headquarters is located in Deerfield, Illinois in the USA, but its members are located around world including Europe, Asia, South America and North America. There are more than 1,100 members and 20 chapters.
The current president of INMM is Scott Vance, an employee of the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
Les Shephard, vice president of Sandia National Laboratories' Energy, Security, and Defense Technology Center, said in February 2009 of the INMM and the American Nuclear Society, 
Structure.
INMM is led by an executive committee of nine members, including a president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, four members-at-large, and the immediate past president. In addition, INMM has several standing and two technical committees. Many organizations, such as Los Alamos National Laboratory and Brookhaven National Laboratory, are Sustaining Members of the INMM.
Technical divisions.
Until 2010, the INMM had six technical divisions:
In 2010, the INMM Executive Committee approved a restructuring of the Institute. This included changes in the technical divisions. Some were merged and a new division was created. The technical divisions are:
The division is the focal point for information and activities related to the physical protection of nuclear materials, nuclear facilities, and other high value assets and facilities.
Best practices.
The INMM develops and promotes global "best practices" for nuclear materials management. Best practices are based on past events, lessons learned, and ways to effectiveness and efficiency. They are focused on the six technical divisions and should be applicable to all countries with nuclear capabilities, both civilian and military.
In 2008, the INMM joined with Nuclear Threat Initiative, the United States Department of Energy, and the International Atomic Energy Agency to establish a new international organization called the World Institute for Nuclear Security (WINS) aimed at strengthening physical protection and security of the world's nuclear and radioactive materials and facilities. This organization's focus is on collecting information on best management practices from professionals responsible for on-the-ground security and sharing that information with their peer professionals around the world. These security professionals are in the best position to know where the vulnerabilities are, how to improve security, and how to ensure that improvements are implemented quickly and effectively. WINS will place a high priority on protecting sensitive information that may be discussed between members. Initial funding for the WINS included $3 million each from the Peter G. Peterson Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy plus $100,000 from Norway.
Chapters.
The INMM has 20 chapters around the world, including six regional chapters in the United States and international chapters in Japan, Korea, Obninsk Regional in Russia, Russian Federation, United Kingdom, Ukraine, Urals, and Vienna. 
The INMM also has seven student chapters that offer opportunities including participation in a mentor program, meetings and workshops, publication subscriptions, and professional networking. Student chapters currently exist at Idaho State University, Mercyhurst College Institute for Intelligence Studies, Texas A&M University, the University of Michigan, University of Missouri, University of Tennessee, and North Carolina State University.
Meetings and workshops.
INMM holds an annual meeting, an annual Spent Fuel Management Seminar, and a number of other workshops each year. These educational/networking events allow professionals in nuclear materials management to learn new strategies, keep abreast of the science and technology, and to meet with colleagues from around the world. In June 2005, INMM held two workshops in Prague, Czech Republic, sponsored by the Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI).
Publications.
INMM publishes the "Journal of Nuclear Materials Management", a quarterly, peer-reviewed technical journal. In addition, the "Communicator", online newsletter is posted three times annually.
American physicist William Higginbotham served as technical editor of the "Journal" from 1974 until his death in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21481650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481650" title="Ceri Sherlock">
Ceri Sherlock

Ceri Sherlock is a Welsh theatre, film and television director.
Ceri Sherlock was born in Llanelli. He was educated at Ysgol Dewi Sant, Llandovery College, King's College London and as a Fulbright Scholar at the University of California, Los Angeles. He worked as a trainee director and director with Theatr Cymru and Welsh National Opera. He was assistant, amongst others to Peter Stein and Anatoli Vasiliev, his chief artistic influences as director.
In 1993 Sherlock directed "Dafydd" for BBC 2. In 1995, his Welsh-language film "Branwen" won the Best Film award at the Celtic Film Festival. His feature "Cameleon" won a Golden Spire and a Golden Gate at the San Francisco Film Festival 1999.
He was first Expert Advisor in Culture and Arts for the National Assembly of Wales 2000-2002.
Sherlock was Commissioning Editor of S4C before joining the BBC as Commissioning Executive Arts (BBC Wales) and Executive Producer (BBC4) in 2006. He is an Honorary Professor in Drama at Kingston University and a Visiting Professor at the University of Glamorgan, he re-located in 2010 to Hong Kong, where he is Professor and Head of Directing at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="21481689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481689" title="Maribavir">
Maribavir

Maribavir (originally named 1263W94) is an experimental oral antiviral drug candidate licensed by ViroPharma from GlaxoSmithKline in 2003 for the prevention and treatment of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) disease in hematopoietic stem cell/bone marrow transplant patients. The mechanism by which maribavir inhibits HCMV replication is by inhibition of an HCMV encoded protein kinase enzyme called UL97 or pUL97. Maribavir showed promise in Phase II clinical trials and was granted fast track status, but failed to meet study goals in a Phase III trial. However, the dosage used in the Phase III trial may have been too low to be efficacious.
A Phase II study with maribavir demonstrated that prophylaxis with maribavir displayed strong antiviral activity, as measured by statistically significant reduction in the rate of reactivation of CMV in recipients of hematopoietic stem cell/bone marrow transplants. In an intent-to-treat analysis of the first 100 days after the transplant, the number of subjects who required pre-emptive anti-CMV therapy was statistically significantly reduced with maribavir compared to placebo.
ViroPharma conducted a Phase III clinical study to evaluate the prophylactic use for the prevention of cytomegalovirus disease in recipients of allogeneic stem cell transplant patients. In February 2009, ViroPharma announced that the Phase III study failed to achieve its goal, showing no significant difference between maribavir and a placebo at reducing the rate at which CMV DNA levels were detected in patients.

</doc>
<doc id="21481699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481699" title="8th &amp; O">
8th &amp; O

8th & O is a split light rail station on the Sacramento Regional Transit District's Blue and Gold Lines. It is located at the intersection of 8th and O Streets in Downtown Sacramento, California, with the split platforms located on each side of 8th Street where the line splits into one-way couplets. The station is near the historical and cultural district of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="21481701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481701" title="Daytona Handicap">
Daytona Handicap

The Daytona Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid February at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. A Listed race, it was upgraded to a Grade III event for 2009.. The race is open to horses age four and older and is contested on Santa Anita's downhill turf course at a distance of about furlongs. 
Due to course conditions, the 2005 and 2006 editions of the Daytona Handicap were taken off the turf and run on the dirt track.
Recently it's been run in late December.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="21481708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481708" title="1927 Cleveland Bulldogs season">
1927 Cleveland Bulldogs season

The 1927 Cleveland Bulldogs season was their fourth season in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 5–8–1, winning eight games. They finished fourth in the league. The team relocated to Detroit, Michigan after the season, playing one season as the Detroit Wolverines in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="21481714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481714" title="Rising Sun High School (Indiana)">
Rising Sun High School (Indiana)

Rising Sun High School is a public high school in Rising Sun, Indiana, It is part of Rising Sun-Ohio County Community Schools, and is the only high school in Ohio County. The nickname is the Shiners, and the athletic teams compete in the Ohio River Valley Conference. The school has achieved some interscholastic success, as the Girls' Basketball team was the Class A runner-up in the state in 2000, and the Shiner Pride marching band reached the ISSMA Class D state finals in 1997 and 1998. The band also reached finals in the MSBA(Mid-States Band Association) in 2009. The Rising Sun Shiner Pride Marching Band placed 8th in Finals at the Mid States Band Association Finals in 2011 with their show entitled "Games People Play." In 2012 they placed 5th with their show entitled "It's a Jazz Thing."

</doc>
<doc id="21481758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481758" title="Villa Merian">
Villa Merian

The Villa Merian, with its English Garden, stands on the elevated plain above Brüglingen in Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Geographical location.
The geographical area Brüglingen is a plane region that lies along the western bank of the river Birs between St. Jacob an der Birs (now part of Basel) and Münchenstein. The Villa Merian, with its English Garden, stands upon the elevated plain directly above the Watermill Museum Brüglingen. 
History.
The Baroque manor house above the watermill and the canal was built in 1711 by Alexander Löffler. The two storey building was covered by a gentle sloped hipped roof. Before the northern cladding there was a courtyard. To the south there was an arboretum and nursery. On the western side there was a tower and a gardening house. Built onto the rear of the house was a polygonal tower with spiral staircase.
In 1801 the manor was rebuilt in early Classicism style. The polygonal tower with stairway and the tower to the west were removed. The staircase was relocated internally. A winter garden, with a pergola above it, was built onto the rear of the villa. A pillared portico was placed in front of the main entrance. Above the structure of the hip roof a parapet was drawn in and installed as fixed-point mounting.
Approximately ten years later the stately home and its properties were acquired by Christoph Merian-Hoffmann and in 1824 he gave the estate to his son Christoph Merian as wedding present. The Villa Merian was used by Christoph Merian and his wife Margarethe as a summer residence.
Standing in "Unteren Brüglingen", the lower district, is a mill from the 15th century. On the opposite side of the canal there is a tenantry house from the 16th century and a gardeners house dated 1824.
In 1837 the architect Melchior Berri developed another farm house north of the manor house with an outbuilding with stables, in "Vorder-Brüglingen", the "front" district of Brügglingen on the elevated plain. This raised plateau offers an ideal terrain for an English garden. To the south of the Villa gardens is Merian Park, which extends south to the "Neue Welt" district in Münchenstein.
During 1858/59 Christoph Merian rebuilt the villa in Second Empire style. The architect Johann Jakob Stehlin-Burckhardt from Basel received the assignment. Although Stehlin proposed a new building, Merian restricted the rebuild to a refurbishment. The quintessential walls were roughcast and clad with cast iron and iron mouldings. The ground floor was clad with imitation ashlar and the windows were summated with acroterion. The first and second floors were separated by Gesims and the outer corners of the building were reinforced. The roof parapet was replaced by an Attica and covered by a hipped roof, the crown of which is concluded by a belfry. The portico at the front entrance was replaced by a two storey cast iron pavilion, the projecting roof being used as a balcony. To the rear the winter garden and pergola were replaced by a three axe cast iron open hall way that was encased with artificial marble. The stairway was replaced and finished with elaborate iron rolling bars, the room arrangement remained unaltered.
Christoph Merian died in 1858 before the refurbishment works were completed. Despite this the Villa was still used by his widow Margaretha Merian-Burckhardt as her summer residence. She died on the 3rd of May 1886. With her death the will of her husband became legally binding and the public utility institution Christoph Merian Stiftung came into effect and inherited the manor Brüglingen and the five affiliated farmyards (Singerhof, St. Jakob, Ziegelhütte, Unter- und Vorder-Brüglingen)
Modern-day History.
In 1967 the institution "Christoph Merian Stiftung" made the decision to lease the villa and the estate to the city of Basel, gratuitously for one hundred years, so that a botanical garden could be established within the grounds.
During the summer of 1980 Münchenstein was the host municipality for the 2nd Swiss exhibition for garden and Landscaping, which was named "Grün 80". The exhibition was held in Brüglingen and also made benefit of the entire estate grounds. The remains of the former exhibition complex, the park and its gardens, are now a local recreation area. The botanical gardens are within the borders of Merian Park and cover an area of 135'000 m2. On the bank of the "St. Alban-Teich", an artificially constructed canal, is the Watermill which has been used as museum since 1966: The late Gothic mill is situated directly below the prominent Villa.
With a view to the "Grün 80", during 1977, the Villa Merian was overhauled and became a coffee house. Since then the Villa has been reconverted and redecorated. The two cast iron verandas on either side of the house were removed, but all the other cast iron prefabricated units and the inner decorations were carefully restored. In the lower floor various demolition works were carried out and new toilets for the coffee house were installed, while the unused arched cellar and basements were rebuilt so that these recourses could be utilized. The painted, stuccoed ceilings with their gold-plated ornaments, the wall panelling, the bas-relief, overdoors and the parquetry were all completely restored.
The tower heating furnace, previously removed and stored in the basement, was reinstalled in the parlour. The entrance hall, the three axe cast iron hallway and the entire first floor were left unaltered, but ceilings, walls and floors were redecorated. In the Attica area the walls were demolished, the hipped roof had windows built in and it was insulated. Three seminar rooms and a central zone with toilets were built in.

</doc>
<doc id="21481791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481791" title="Bill Harrington">
Bill Harrington

William T. Harrington (b. September 29, 1925 in Lynn, Massachusetts - d. February 14, 1998 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American sportscaster, children's television host, and news reporter for WHDH and TV and WCVB-TV in Boston.
Sportscasting.
Harrington was a sportscaster at WHDH radio during the 1960s. He was Johnny Most's color commentator on Boston Celtics games and the radio play-by-play announcer for the Boston Bruins 1963–1966.
Children's television.
In 1960, Harrington was hired by WHDH-TV to play Commander Jet on "Commander Jet's Comedy". He also played Nozo the Clown, the brother of Bozo the Clown. Nozo was used to fill in for Bozo when Frank Avruch was unable to appear on the show. 
He was married to fellow Boston television personality Jean D'Allaire, who played "Miss Jean" on the Boston version of "Romper Room".
News reporting.
He worked as a news reporter and state house correspondent for WHDH radio, WHDH-TV and WCVB-TV during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. He left reporting to become a media consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="21481795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481795" title="London River">
London River

London River is a 2009 British drama film, written and produced by Franco-Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb. Starring Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyaté, it centres on the journey of two people searching for their children after the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
Plot.
In July 2005, British Protestant war widow Elisabeth Sommers (Blethyn), who is a Guernsey farmer, and Francophone African Muslim Ousmane (Kouyaté) are strangers who meet in London. She is searching for her daughter, and he for his son, following the London bombings. Neither is close to their missing child. They fear that the daughter and son were killed in the bombings. They discover that they were a couple who lived together in a flat in London who planned to travel to France, but were killed by Hasib Hussain when the bus they were travelling on exploded in Tavistock Square.
It was shot in the UK and France. London locations include Harringay and Finsbury Park, in particular Blackstock Road.
Critical reception.
The film premiered at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival on February 10, 2009. 
The film received mixed reviews. The "Evening Standard's" Derek Malcolm gave the film four stars out of five, stating: "Bouchareb's portrait of London after the terrorist attacks is startlingly accurate and there's a genuine feel for all of the players. Ken Loach couldn't have done much better. This is a film no Londoner should miss: humane, stunningly acted, it will be a gross injustice if it doesn't win a prize from Tilda Swinton's Berlin jury".
Kaleem Aftab, writing in "The Independent" called "London River" the "most talked about film at the Berlin Film Festival", but argued that "it was only Kouyate's performance that lifted an otherwise dull and predictable film that avoided any meaningful discussion about the effect of the terrorist attack around which the story was shaped".
Having seen the Berlin premiere, "Variety's" Jay Weissberg stated that the film "trumpets political correctness far more loudly than this intimate drama can stand. Though the ending proves effective, Bouchareb and his co-scripters employ simplistic stereotypes and obvious counterpoints that shouldn't need to be spelled out so literally. Still, with its heart in the right place and the majestic presence of Malian thesp Sotigui Kouyate, the pic will get a decent international run before heading to its originally skedded home on the smallscreen".
The "Hollywood Reporter's" Deborah Young states that "French director Rachid Bouchareb ("Days of Glory") brings great sensitivity to the fictionalized tale, which goes a step beyond the obvious in its description of England's multiracial society scarred by deep-seated prejudice but capable of change. Without glossing over the tale's hard edges, the film ends on a positive note of ethnic tolerance that should make it more accessible to audiences".
Awards.
Sotigui Kouyaté won the Silver Bear Award for Best Actor at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival for his performance in the film. The film also won a Special Mention by the Ecumenical Jury.
Directed by
Rachid Bouchareb 
Writing credits
Rachid Bouchareb screenplay
Zoé Galeron screenplay
Olivier Lorelle screenplay
Cast (in credits order)
 Brenda Blethyn ... Elisabeth
 Sotigui Kouyaté ... Ousmane
 Francis Magee ... Inspecteur anglais
 Sami Bouajila ... Imam
 Roschdy Zem ... Le Boucher
 Marc Baylis ... Edward
 Bernard Blancan ... Ouvrier forestier
 Gareth Randall ... Psteur
 Aurélie Eltvedt ... Guide chapelle
 Diveen Henry ... Policiére anglaise
 Salah Mohamed-Marich ... Locataire appartement
 Gurdepak Chaggar ... Agent de Voyage
 Faycal Sekkoum ... Homme avec portable
 Sherekia Barton ... Coffeuse
 Elisabeth Clark ... Infirmière anglaise
 Vidya Fellon Sreenivasan ... Enseignante mosquée
 Mathieu Schiffman ... Inspecteur anglais

</doc>
<doc id="21481797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481797" title="Patrick Graham (American football)">
Patrick Graham (American football)

Patrick Graham (born January 24, 1979 in Waterbury, Connecticut) is a current American football defensive line coach for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. Graham played college football as a defensive lineman at Yale University, graduating with a bachelor's degree in sociology in 2002. He then worked as a graduate assistant at Wagner College while also studying for an MBA. After two seasons at Wagner, Graham moved to the University of Richmond, where he was a defensive line coach in 2004 and then a tight ends coach in 2005 and 2006. In 2007, he was a defensive graduate assistant under head coach Charlie Weis at the University of Notre Dame. Following the 2008 season, Graham accepted a position as defensive line coach at the University of Toledo. However, he left the school in February 2009 to join the New England Patriots as a defensive coaching assistant, where Weis had formerly been an assistant coach under Patriots head coach Bill Belichick. In 2010, Graham's title was changed to defensive assistant coach. He was promoted to linebackers coach in 2011. In 2012, he moved to defensive line coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21481825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481825" title="Sicaya, Peru">
Sicaya, Peru

Sicaya is a town in Central Peru, capital of the district Sicaya in the province Huancayo in the region Junín.

</doc>
<doc id="21481834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481834" title="Yeoveney Halt railway station">
Yeoveney Halt railway station

Yeoveney Halt was a railway station of a minimalist nature on the Staines & West Drayton Railway (which became part of the Great Western Railway in 1900). It was opened in June 1887 as "Runnymede Range Halt" on a restricted basis (as a private station for a nearby rifle range), gaining a regular public service from 1 March 1892. It was renamed "Runymede Halt" on 9 July 1934, and again renamed "Yeoveney Halt" in 4 November 1935, to deter tourists who came seeking the place where Magna Carta was signed (which was some miles away by road). It closed on 14 May 1962, before the 1965 closure of the branch. 
It comprised a short timber platform on the west side of the single track with no shelter. Bradshaw stated that passengers wishing to join the train had to give the driver the necessary (but unspecified) hand signal. Those wishing to alight were to inform the guard at the previous station.
Contrary to the general belief that the site of the station lies beneath the M25 motorway it can be identified by the remaining scattered concrete platform support pillars in the location shown on old Ordnance Survey maps. 
Pictures of the station are to be found in

</doc>
<doc id="21481840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481840" title="Jeremy Lusk">
Jeremy Lusk

Jeremy Lusk (November 26, 1984 – February 10, 2009) was an American freestyle motocross racer from San Diego, California. He was part of the riding group Metal Mulisha.
He won gold and silver medals at the 2008 X Games and a bronze helmet in the 2008 Moto X World Championships.
Death.
On February 9, 2009, Lusk crashed while attempting to land a "Heart Attack Indian Air Backflip" in a freestyle motocross competition in San Jose, Costa Rica: he under-rotated the flip, causing his front wheel to strike the landing. Lusk was ejected head-first and sustained severe brain damage. Doctors performed an unsuccessful five-hour surgery at Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia Hospital in San José in an attempt to save his life. He entered into cardiac and respiratory failure and died the next day.
After his death, the third episode of "Nitro Circus" (A popular TV stunt series featuring Travis Pastrana, an X Games gold medalist, and motocross expert) was dedicated to Lusk posthumously.
At the time of his death, Lusk lived in Temecula, California with his wife, Lauren.

</doc>
<doc id="21481854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481854" title="Pamlico Capital">
Pamlico Capital

Pamlico Capital, formerly Wachovia Capital Partners and previously First Union Capital Partners, is an independent private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the business services, technology services, telecommunications and healthcare industries.
The firm, which is based in Charlotte, North Carolina, was founded in 1988 as the private equity investment arm of First Union Corporation. The firm has invested approximately $3.8 billion in more than 200 companies since inception across two funds.
The firm is named for the Pamlico Sound, which is located in North Carolina.
Investments.
Among the firm's notable investments are Integrated Broadband Services, Three Eagles Communications and Heartland Publications, Bell Sports Inc., House of Blues, Jostens, Martin Marietta Materials, Metaldyne, Hosting.com, Ruth's Chris Steak House, Kinder Morgan, CapitalSource, Grupo Corpativo Ono, MetroPCS, Univision Communications, Triton PCS and YankeeNets.
Spinout from Wells Fargo.
Originally founded as First Union Capital Partners in 1988, the firm served as the private equity investment arm of First Union a commercial bank based in Charlotte. The firm changed its name to Wachovia Capital Partners following the merger of First Union and Wachovia in 2001. 
As a captive private equity investment arm, the firm focused on growth capital, leveraged buyout and mezzanine capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of industries. The firm invested both as the lead investor or an equity co-investor alongside other financial sponsors.
During the financial crisis of 2008, the firm's parent, Wachovia was acquired by Wells Fargo, which had an existing private equity platform, Norwest Equity Partners. In March 2010, the firm completed a spinout from Wells Fargo.

</doc>
<doc id="21481873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481873" title="St. Rose of Lima Park">
St. Rose of Lima Park

St. Rose of Lima Park is a split Sacramento RT light rail station, located near the park named in honor of Rose of Lima, in Downtown Sacramento, California. The following platforms are the vicinity: one at the intersection of 9th and K Streets (eastbound), one at 8th and K Streets (northbound), and the third at 7th and K Streets (southwestern-bound). Officially, the platforms on 7th and 9th streets are marked as "St. Rose of Lima Park" while the platform in the middle on 8th Street is marked as "8th and K".
Nearby are downtown office buildings and the Westfield Downtown Plaza, a major shopping mall.

</doc>
<doc id="21481880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481880" title="1927 Dayton Triangles season">
1927 Dayton Triangles season

The 1927 Dayton Triangles season was their eighth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 1–4–1, losing six games. They finished tenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21481882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481882" title="Jerusalem cricket">
Jerusalem cricket

Jerusalem crickets are a group of large, flightless insects of the genus "Stenopelmatus". They are native to the western United States and parts of Mexico. Its large head has inspired both Native American and Spanish names.
Despite their common name, Jerusalem crickets are not true crickets, as they belong to the family Stenopelmatidae, while crickets belong to the family Gryllidae; nor are they native to Jerusalem. These nocturnal insects use their strong mandibles to feed primarily on dead organic matter but can also eat other insects. Their highly adapted feet are used for burrowing beneath moist soil to feed on decaying root plants and tubers.
While Jerusalem crickets are not venomous, they can emit a foul smell and are capable of inflicting a painful bite.
Classification.
There are a number of other genera in the same superfamily (Stenopelmatoidea) in Australia and New Zealand. These are the weta and king crickets. They are similar to "Stenopelmatus" in many respects. The family Stenopelmatidae, however, contains only a single genus, most of the species of which are undescribed. 
Communication.
Similar to true crickets, each species of Jerusalem cricket produces a different song during mating. This song takes the form of a characteristic drumming in which the insect beats its abdomen against the ground.
No species have wings with sound-producing structures; moreover, evidently none has structures it could use to hear sound. This contrasts with true crickets and katydids, who use their wings to produce sounds and have hearing organs to sense sounds of others. Jerusalem crickets also seem unable to hiss by forcing air through their spiracles, as some beetles and cockroaches do. Instead, the few Jerusalem crickets that do make sound rub their hind legs against the sides of the abdomen, producing a rasping, hissing noise. This hiss may serve to deter predators rather than to communicate with other crickets. For such purposes, Jerusalem crickets rely on substrate vibrations felt by subgenual organs located in all six of the insect's legs.
Names.
Several hypotheses attempt to explain the origin of the term "Jerusalem cricket". One suggests the term originated from a mixing of Navajo and Christian terminology, resulting from the strong connection Franciscan priests had with the Navajos in developing their dictionary and vocabulary. Such priests may have heard the Navajos speak of a "skull insect" and took this as a reference to Calvary (also known as "Skull Hill") outside Jerusalem near the place where Jesus was crucified.
Several Navajo names refer to the insect's head:
Other names include the Hopi ("shiny bug"), the Spanish ("earth child") and ("child's face"). In California, these insects are called 'potato bugs' because of their unusually large size - it is believed that if left unchecked they can grow to the size of a small potato. In the San Diego area they are sometimes referred to as 'spud bugs'.

</doc>
<doc id="21481895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481895" title="Changing Worlds">
Changing Worlds

Changing Worlds is an educational arts nonprofit organization whose mission is to foster inclusive communities through oral history, writing and art programs that improve student learning, affirm identity and enhance cross-cultural understanding.
History.
Changing Worlds began in 1996 at Hibbard Elementary School, a Chicago Public School located in the diverse, predominately immigrant Albany Park neighborhood. Driven by a vision to build bridges across cultures through story, its founder Kay Berkson partnered with the school’s staff and parents to create an oral history and photography exhibit. Now occupying three corridors of the school, the exhibit highlights fourteen family stories along with photographs, art work and maps. These captivating stories told by students, their parents and grandparents are translated into twelve different languages. They vividly describe diverse journeys to Albany Park from all over the world. The project led to the development of an activity guide with ongoing family programs and classroom curricula that foster an inclusive school community. In 1999 a traveling version of the exhibit was created to share these family stories with other communities, giving a face to those too often seen through the filters of stereotypes. Building upon the enthusiasm and success at Hibbard, the Changing Worlds project became an independent 501c3 nonprofit organization in 2000.
Areas of focus.
Changing Worlds works towards our mission through separate but interconnected program areas and activities that include:
• school partnership programs
• professional development institutes and workshops for teachers
• community outreach programs (such as Ten Thousand Ripples)
• traveling exhibitions
Values
Changing Worlds believes in:
• The inclusion and acceptance of the differences and perspectives of others
• The power of art and personal stories to change perceptions and nurture connections
• The ability to affect social change through teachers and young people
References.
[http://www.nb.com]

</doc>
<doc id="21481924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481924" title="Jocelyn Frenette">
Jocelyn Frenette

Jocelyn Frenette (born January 11, 1976 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian football Long snapper and offensive linemen for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He played CIS Football at Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="21481934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481934" title="Merida Bikes">
Merida Bikes

Merida Industry Co., Ltd (MIC) is a Taiwan-based bicycle design, manufacture, and sales company. It was started in 1972 by Ike Tseng. The original layout was based on the Raleigh Nottingham factory as Merida began by making Raleigh bikes for the North American market. Ike was a very talented engineer and the company grew as a well respected OEM manufacturer making for many well respected brands.
Ike died in January 2012, the company is now run by his son Michael Tseng.
Merida is a global player in bicycle design and manufacturing, making 2.2 million bicycles a year from 5 factories - 1 in Taiwan, 3 in China and 1 in Germany.
As at 2012 the company is a public listed company on the Taiwanese stock exchange quoted at approximately £350m million making it one of Taiwan's biggest companies. 
Merida now produces mainly its own Merida branded bikes which are present in 67 countries around the world, or selected brands which it has a financial interest in e.g. the German brand Centurion.
In 2001, Merida bought 49% of Specialized for a reported US$30 million, although its CEO and founder Mike Sinyard remained majority owner.
Merida has been co-sponsor of the Multivan Merida Biking Team, with athletes such as Jose Hermida and Gunn-Rita Dahle Flesjå, and of bicycle racing events such as the TransUK and TransWales mountain bike races. Since 2004, the team has been scoring over 30 World Cup wins as well as Olympic gold and silver medals.
In 2013 Merida became co-sponsors of the Pro-Tour Lampre-Merida road racing team.
Contrary to many rumours Merida does not make own label bikes for Halfords or any other UK only brands.

</doc>
<doc id="21481957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481957" title="Kosciuszko's Garden">
Kosciuszko's Garden

Kosciuszko's Garden is a small retreat garden built by Tadeusz Kosciuszko on the side of a cliff overlooking the Hudson River at West Point, New York. First constructed in 1778, it still offers visitors and cadets a place of quiet tranquility during the warmer months. The "General Edward L. Rowny Family Endowment" was established to further sustain perpetual care and maintenance of the Garden and to dedicate a plaque commemorating the occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="21481963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481963" title="Cricket (insect)">
Cricket (insect)

Crickets, family Gryllidae (also known as "true crickets"), are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers, and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets (family Tettigoniidae) and Weta (families Anostostomatidae and Rhaphidophoridae). They have somewhat flattened bodies and long antennae. There are more than 900 species of crickets. They tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs. Crickets are not harmful to humans.
Cricket chirping.
The sound emitted by crickets is commonly referred to as chirping; the scientific name is stridulation. Usually only the male crickets chirp, however some female crickets do as well. The sound is emitted by the stridulatory organ, a large vein running along the bottom of each wing, covered with "teeth" (serration) much like a comb. The chirping sound is created by running the top of one wing along the teeth at the bottom of the other wing. As the male cricket does this, he also holds the wings up and open, so that the wing membranes can act as acoustical sails. It is a popular myth that the cricket chirps by rubbing its legs together.
There are four types of cricket song: The calling song attracts females and repels other males, and is fairly loud. The courting song is used when a female cricket is near, and is a very quiet song. An aggressive song is triggered by chemoreceptors on the antennae that detect the near presence of another male cricket and a copulatory song is produced for a brief period after a successful mating.
Crickets chirp at different rates depending on their species and the temperature of their environment. Most species chirp at higher rates the higher the temperature is (approximately 62 chirps a minute at 13°C in one common species; each species has its own rate). The relationship between temperature and the rate of chirping is known as Dolbear's Law. According to this law, counting the number of chirps produced in 14 seconds by the snowy tree cricket common in the United States and adding 40 will approximately equal the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit.
Crickets, like all other insects, are cold-blooded. They take on the temperature of their surroundings. Many characteristics of cold-blooded animals, like the rate at which crickets chirp, or the speed at which ants walk, follow an equation called the Arrhenius equation. This equation describes the activation energy or threshold energy required to induce a chemical reaction. For instance, crickets, like all other organisms, have many chemical reactions occurring within their bodies. As the temperature rises, it becomes easier to reach a certain activation or threshold energy, and chemical reactions, like those that occur during the muscle contractions used to produce chirping, happen more rapidly. As the temperature falls, the rate of chemical reactions inside the crickets' bodies slow down, causing characteristics, such as chirping, to also slow down.
Crickets have tympanic membranes located just below the middle joint of each front leg (or knee). This enables them to hear another cricket's song.
In 1975, Dr. William H. Cade discovered that the parasitic tachinid fly "Ormia ochracea" is attracted to the song of the male cricket, and uses it to locate the male in order to deposit her larvae on him. It was the first example of a natural enemy that locates its host or prey using the mating signal. Since then, many species of crickets have been found to be carrying the same parasitic fly, or related species. In response to this selective pressure, a mutation leaving males unable to chirp was observed amongst a population of field crickets on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, giving these crickets the obvious advantage of eluding their parasitoid opponents.
Diet and life cycle.
Crickets are omnivorous scavengers who feed on organic materials, including decaying plant material, fungi, and some seedling plants. Crickets eat their own dead when there are no other sources of food available, and exhibit predatorial behavior upon weakened, crippled crickets.
Crickets have relatively powerful jaws, and several species have been known to bite humans.
Crickets mate in late summer and lay their eggs in autumn. The eggs hatch in the spring and have been estimated to number as high as 200 per fertile female. Species "Acheta domestica" however lays eggs almost continually, with the females capable of laying at least twice a month. Female crickets have a long needle like egg-laying organ called an ovipositor.
Taxonomy.
Subfamilies of the family Gryllidae:
In addition to the above subfamilies in the family Gryllidae, several other orthopteran groups outside of this family also may be called crickets:
Folklore and myths.
The folklore and mythology surrounding crickets is extensive. The singing of crickets in the folklore of Brazil and elsewhere is sometimes taken to be a sign of impending rain, or of a financial windfall. In Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca's chronicles of the Spanish conquest of the Americas, the sudden chirping of a cricket heralded the sighting of land for his crew, just as their water supply had run out. In Caraguatatuba, Brazil, a black cricket in a room is said to portend illness; a gray one, money; and a green one, hope. In Alagoas state, northeast Brazil, a cricket announces death, thus it is killed if it chirps in a house. In the village of Capueiruçu in Bahia State, a constantly chirping cricket foretells pregnancy, but if it pauses, money is expected. The mole cricket locally known as ""paquinha"", ""jeguinho"", ""cachorrinho-d'água"", or ""cava-chão"" (genera "Scapteriscus" and "Neocurtilla", "Gryllotalpidae") is said to predict rain when it digs into the ground. In Barbados, a loud cricket means money is coming in; hence, a cricket must not be killed or evicted if it chirps inside a house. However, another type of cricket that is less noisy forebodes illness or death. In Zambia, the "Gryllotalpa africanus" cricket is held to bring good fortune to anyone who sees it.
Crickets are popular pets and are considered good luck in some countries; in China, crickets are sometimes kept in cages. It is also common to have them as caged pets in some European countries, particularly in the Iberian Peninsula. Cricket fighting as a gambling or sports betting pastime also occurs, particularly in China, Mexico and Southeast Asia.
Consumption.
Various species of crickets are a part of people's diets in some countries, and are considered delicacies of high cuisine in certain countries.
In Cambodia, Thailand and the southern part of Vietnam, cricket is commonly eaten as a snack. It is prepared by deep frying the soaked and cleaned insect in oil.
Crickets are popular as a live food source for carnivorous pets like frogs, lizards, tortoises, salamanders, and spiders. Feeding crickets with nutritious food in order to pass the nutrition onto animals that eat them is known as gut loading. In addition to this, the crickets are often dusted with a mineral supplement powder to ensure complete nutrition to the pet.

</doc>
<doc id="21481995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21481995" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Saturday 17 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21482017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482017" title="Chichi Koishi">
Chichi Koishi

Plot.
Yūji Makita, a guitar player and singer played by Masao Wakahara, comes to a portside "onsen" (spa resort) town. Thirteen years prior, he had had a love affair there with Sanae Shimura (played by Kuniko Miyake) which ended poorly; Sanae has since moved to Tokyo, leaving behind her daughter Emiko (played by Hibari Misora) and father Taishaku (Ryūji Kita).
Waiting for her mother to return, Emiko often sits by the water singing a song her mother taught her. As Yūji composed this song himself, and never shared it with anyone but Sanae, he realizes that Emiko must be his daughter. He sends a false telegram to Sanae, saying that Emiko is sick, and that she should come home. Sanae returns, escaping from a man named Murai, from whom she had borrowed money when her father was ill.
Sanae spots Yūji upon her return to the port town, but he disappears again, leaving a note saying that he will visit again, for his daughter's sake. Sanae leaves for Tokyo the very next day, with Emiko, but fails to find Yūji and returns home.
Some time later, they discover Yūji's name in the newspaper, which says that he has been selected to compete in a competition of music composers. Yūji is in the hospital, however, bedridden, and so, in the end, Emiko takes his place in the contest, her parents listening on a radio in the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="21482040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482040" title="Loner">
Loner

A loner is a person who avoids or does not actively seek human interaction. There are many reasons for solitude, intentional or otherwise. Intentional reasons include spiritual, mystic and religious considerations or personal philosophies. Unintentional reasons involve being introverted, highly sensitive, extremely shy, or having various mental disorders.
The modern term "loner" can be used with a negative connotation in the belief that human beings are social creatures and those that do not participate are deviant. Being a loner is sometimes depicted culturally as a positive personality trait, as indicative of being independent and responsible.
Overview.
There are different types of loner, including individuals that prefer solitude and are content to have very limited social interaction. The second type includes individuals that are forced to be isolated because they are rejected by society. This individual typically experiences loneliness. The first type often does not feel lonely even when they are alone, at least, not in the same way as would a social person who found themselves isolated. However, these are very broad generalizations and it is not uncommon for loners to experience both of these dimensions at some point.
Possible causes.
People may isolate themselves out of self-hatred, misanthropy or self-consciousness. They feel social alienation even though their isolation is self-imposed.
People will also tend to isolate themselves when they are unable to connect, either emotionally or intellectually, with those around them. Causes of isolation are many and far between, but not all of them are caused by a mental disorder.
Possible characteristics.
While expressing a desire to be alone, loners may not reject human contact entirely. An example would be the person who shuns any social interaction with work colleagues beyond what is necessary for fulfilling his or her job description (mainly for practical reasons and to avoid further complicating one's professional relationships) but who is highly charismatic during parties or social gatherings with people outside work or school, or vice-versa.
Somebody who can be a loner would also fit the criteria for introversion. This may be due to both innate personality traits as well as life experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="21482064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482064" title="Shurdhah Island">
Shurdhah Island

Shurdhah Island () is an island in northern Albania. Shurdhah Island is located in the Vau i Dejës Reservoir, which is fed and drained by the river Drin. It is the largest island in the reservoir with an area of 7.5 hectares. From the most northern tip of the island to the most southern tip of it, it has an estimated length of . It is mainly covered by trees. It is accessible by tourist boat in summer from the Vau i Dejës dam or Rragam.
Etymology.
The name of the original Illyrian settlement was Sarda. Later, the name was changed to Shurdha which means deaf in Albanian. The name changed while Albania was an Atheist Communist state because due to the strong religious connection of the island, it was forgotten.
History.
Middle Ages.
Sarda was founded between the 6th and 8th centuries BC. The town was strategically located on the old road from Shkodër to Gjakova and served as a resting point along the trade route. The city largely flourished from the 8th to the 13th centuries and was an important cultural and religious center. Within the city there were 365 altars, each devoted to a different saint. It gained its highest importance in the 12th century, when it was the seat of the bishop of Sapa and Sarda. 
Foundations of a Roman fort have been discovered here along with the earliest remains dating from the 6th-8th century AD. 
The island was the original settlement of the feudal Lekë Dukagjini patriarch, famous for the rules of the Kanun.
20th century.
It was ravaged by the Ottomans in 1491.
In 1973, when the dam was completed, the city of Sarda became an island on the left bank of the river Drin.
Tourism.
Now it is possible to visit the ruins of the 11th-century medieval castle, which includes two rings of defensive walls and towers (some sadly submerged in the lake), the remains of a Byzantine church and other early medieval walls. The setting on the steep rocks rising from the lake is especially impressive.

</doc>
<doc id="21482072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482072" title="Eulalios">
Eulalios

Eulalios was a famous Byzantine painter who lived during the 12th century, a time in which most art was done anonymously. His name was noted by several writers of the time who also described his paintings, such as Nicephorus Callistus and Nicholas Mesarites. Of his works, the most famed was the dome of the now-demolished Church of the Holy Apostles in Constantinople. The painting is a depiction of Christ Pantocrator.
Nicephorus Callistus' descriction of the painting:
Either Christ himself came down from heaven and showed the exact traits of his face to painter or else the famous Eulalios mounted up to the very skies to paint with his skilled hand Christ's exact appearance.
Nicholas Mesarites' descritption of the painting:
dome exhibits an image of the God-man Christ looking down, as it were, from the rim of heaven towards the floor of the church and everything that is in it. . .His head is in proportion to his body that is represented down to the navel, his eyes are joyful and welcoming to those who are not reproached by their conscience, but to those who are condemned by their own judgement, they are wrathful and hostile. . .The right hand blesses those who walk a straight path, while it admonishes those who do not and, as it were, checks them and turns them back from their disorderly course. The left hand with its fingers spread apart as possible, supports the Gospel.

</doc>
<doc id="21482087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482087" title="Consulate of the United States, Liverpool">
Consulate of the United States, Liverpool

The United States Consulate in Liverpool, England, was established in 1790, and was the first overseas consulate founded by the then fledgling United States of America. Liverpool was at the time an important center for transatlantic commerce and a vital trading partner for the former Thirteen Colonies. Among those who served the United States as consul in Liverpool were the writer Nathaniel Hawthorne, the spy Thomas Haines Dudley, and John S. Service, who was driven out of the United States Foreign Service by McCarthyite persecution. After World War II, as Liverpool declined in importance as an international port, the consulate was eventually closed down.
History.
The first consul was James Maury, who held the office from 1790 to 1829, and whose portrait still hangs today in Liverpool Town Hall. 
In 1801 Maury chaired the inaugural meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Liverpool, representing Liverpool merchants trading with the United States. Maury was the first signatory to the society's rules and was its first President. Maury held the position of consul for 39 years, until 1829, when he was removed from office by President Andrew Jackson.
The consulate stood on the quayside of Steers Dock and the Pool of Liverpool. The building was decorated with a golden bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States and a reassuring sign to American sailors or travellers arriving at Liverpool docks. 
According to Edwin Williams's New York Annual Register, published in 1835, United States Consuls were not paid, but were: 
Consul Nathaniel Hawthorne.
Among other notable consuls was the author Nathaniel Hawthorne, appointed by President Franklin Pierce in 1853, shortly after the publication of Tanglewood Tales. The position was considered the most lucrative foreign service position at the time, and was described by Hawthorne's wife as "second in dignity to the Embassy in London". However, life in Liverpool was evidently expensive, and Hawthorne complained to the Secretary of State that he was underpaid, and asked for living expenses of $7,500, arguing that a consul: 
In 1855 this was done. Congress passed a law fixing the salary of the consul at Liverpool at $7,500 per year.
Hawthorne described in his journal the American seamen with whom he dealt as "most rascally set of sailors that ever were seen - dirty, desperate, and altogether pirate-like in aspect". It appears that he often found his consular duties to be a burden:
Hawthorne was retired from the position in 1857, having apparently discharged his duties in a "prudent and efficient manner" 
American Civil War.
During the American Civil War (1861–65), consul Thomas Haines Dudley made strenuous efforts to prevent ships from Liverpool from breaking the United States Navy blockade of Confederate ports. Great Britain remained officially neutral throughout the war but there were many Confederate sympathisers in Liverpool. The commerce raider CSS Alabama was a screw sloop-of-war built for the Confederate States Navy at Birkenhead in Merseyside in 1862 by John Laird Sons and Company. She was eventually sunk by the in 1864.
In 1865, following the assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln by John Wilkes Booth, vice consul Wilding notified his masters in Washington that John Surratt, one of Booth's conspirators, had taken refuge in Liverpool. Surratt had fled to Europe with the help of Confederate agents, booking passage under an alias and landing at Liverpool in September 1865, where he went into hiding in the oratory of the Church of the Holy Cross. Curiously, the United States Government chose not to pursue Surratt any further, despite having offered a $25,000 for information leading to his arrest, and no request was ever made to the British authorities to detain him. In any event Surratt did not stay long in Liverpool, but went on to serve for a brief time in the Ninth Company of the Pontifical Zouaves in the Vatican City under the name John Watson.
Consul Dudley wished to retire after the war and return to his law practice in New Jersey, but such was his knowledge of Confederate assets in Liverpool that he stayed on as consul, seizing Confederate ships and returning the proceeds of sale to the victorious United States Government. Relations between Britain and the United States were tense after the war, in part because of the role of Liverpool blockade runners and the widespread perception in America that Britain had been sympathetic to the defeated Confederacy. The claims arising out of these disputes, especially the Alabama Claims, would not be settled until the 1871 Treaty of Washington.
Modern era.
After World War II, Liverpool declined in importance as a trading partner with the United States, and the consulate was eventually closed down. Among the last holders of the office were George H. Steuart and John S. Service. The latter had been driven out of the Foreign Service by Senator Joseph McCarthy on suspicion of communist sympathies. Eventually the building fell into disuse, and for a period of time became The Eagle pub.
Restoration and repair.
Maury’s former office now sits amid Liverpool’s newest and largest shopping centre, Liverpool One. Once derelict and empty, it was the first building purchased by The Grosvenor Group in preparation of "The Paradise Street Project", an extensive redevelopment of Liverpool's central business district. The building, and the eagle which adorned it, were restored by the Grosvenor Group in 2008. The building has since been converted into a retail unit, leased by The Liverpool Sony Centre, and in addition houses three luxury apartments.
The bald eagle which now graces the facade may or may not be the original carving installed when the building was first erected. The original carving is likely to have been imported from the United States, probably fashioned by shipwrights skilled in the carving of ships' figureheads. In any event, what remained of the 200 kg eagle was removed for renovation in 2008 and taken to the National Conservation Centre (part of National Museums Liverpool) for cleaning and restoration. The sculpture, by now in an advanced state of decay, had to be dried out for several months, following which a new head was carved, based on photos (the original head having been lost), and in addition new wing tips and a new lower base. The restored eagle was re-attached to the building in October 2008, during a small ceremony. David Whitty, who supervised the restoration of the eagle, was quoted as saying that it "should be good for another 200 years”.

</doc>
<doc id="21482139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482139" title="Qualitest">
Qualitest

Qualitest is an American pharmaceutical company that produces generic drugs. It is headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama with manufacturing facilities in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Huntsville. 
Endo Pharmaceuticals agreed to buy the company in 2010.
It has an extensive portfolio of over 600 drugs, only the most popular are listed below. 

</doc>
<doc id="21482143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482143" title="Gryllus">
Gryllus

Gryllus is a genus of field cricket (Orthoptera, Gryllidae, Gryllinae). Members of the genus are typically 15–31 mm long and darkly coloured.
Until the mid-1950s, native field crickets in eastern North America were all assigned to a single species, "Acheta assimilis" Fabricius. Although regional variation in calling song and life history were noted, no morphological characters could be found to reliably distinguish these variants. Building upon the pioneering work of Fulton, Alexander used male calling song, life history and crosses between putative species to revise the taxonomy of gryllines in the eastern United States, and recognized five species, although at the time they were still classified in the genus "Acheta".
Species.
The genus contains the following species :

</doc>
<doc id="21482148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482148" title="Mt. Baker Legendary Banked Slalom">
Mt. Baker Legendary Banked Slalom

Mt. Baker Banked Slalom, also known as the Legendary Banked Slalom (LBS), is a snowboarding contest held annually since 1985 at Mt. Baker Ski Area, in Washington State, United States. The LBS is regarded as the predecessor to the boardercross event, and has been won by some of the biggest names in the history of snowboarding. The winner receives a Duct Tape trophy and an embroidered Carhartt jacket. Terje Håkonsen is the winningest male pro snowboarder with 7 trophies over a 17 year period; the winningest female pro snowboarder is Maëlle Ricker with 7 consecutive wins from 2007 to 2013.
History.
The first race was held in 1985, organized by Bob Barci and Tom Sims. With only 14 riders at the top of the course, they raced through 15 gates with only a few spectators present. The decision to put on the banked slalom at Mt. Baker came about because it was one of the few ski areas in North America that welcomed snowboarders at that time.
Winners.
This is the Legendary Banked Slalom Honor Roll:

</doc>
<doc id="21482170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482170" title="Nils Uhlin Hansen">
Nils Uhlin Hansen

Nils Uhlin Hansen (6 May 1919 – 11 January 1945) was a Norwegian long jumper and resistance member during World War II. He had a successful athletics career before the war; holding the Nordic record in the event. He was killed less than four months before the end of the war, as he was surprised by Wehrmacht forces following a sabotage mission.
Pre-war life.
He was born in Trondheim, the son of Haakon Hansen and Swedish citizen Agnes Collin. Representing sports club SK Freidig, he had a successful career in the long jump; only nineteen years old he won the Norwegian championships. Jumping 7.39 metres, he was 25 centimetres ahead of runner-up Kaare Strøm. In 1939, Hansen won a silver medal behind Kaare Strøm. On 11 September 1939, Hansen established a new Norwegian record. Jumping 7.54 metres at Bislett stadion, he broke the two-year old record of Otto Berg with two centimetres. This was also a Nordic record.
His sporting career was cut short by World War II. As Norway was invaded by Germany in 1940, regular sports events and championships were discontinued. The 1940 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan were also cancelled.
Resistance work.
Hansen joined the Norwegian resistance movement in 1940. He had to flee the country, arriving in Sweden on 8 November 1941. He then escaped to England in 1942, where he became enrolled in the Norwegian Independent Company 1 (), a part of the British Special Operations Executive. He conducted several sabotage missions in Norway, including one against the rail road Røros Line in January 1945. Saboteurs were active in Central Norway in late 1944 and early 1945; with sabotages towards the Nordland Line, the Dovre Line and the Rauma Line in addition to the Røros Line. This was of high strategic importance, as German forces were retreating from Northern Norway, using the rail roads for troop transport. Although the war tide was going against Germany at the time, there were rumours that they would not leave Norway without an Allied invasion, thus, pockets of Norwegian forces were prepared for warfare.
On 10 January 1945, German forces reacted, and began searching for militants under the codename "Aktion Hengst". They had only vague knowledge on the whereabouts of Norwegian militants, but on 11 January they found a lone skier in Singsås. They questioned him, and then released him, only to follow his tracks. The tracks led the German task force to a cabin at Forsetvollan in Budal. Nils Uhlin Hansen stayed in the cabin at the time, and when shooting ensued, Hansen was killed. Two days after his death Norwegian saboteurs carried out the drastic Jørstad River bridge sabotage.
Awards and legacy.
Uhlin Hansen was awarded the Norwegian War Medal, the Defence Medal 1940–1945 and then the Norwegian War Medal with Star. A road in Trondheim has been named for him.
His national long jump record stood until 1959, when it was broken by Roar Berthelsen with eleven centimetres.

</doc>
<doc id="21482177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482177" title="Pickapeppa sauce">
Pickapeppa sauce

Pickapeppa sauce is a Jamaican condiment. It is made in Shooter's Hill, Jamaica from a combination of tomatoes, onions, cane vinegar, mangoes, raisins, peppers, and other spices, aged in oak barrels. The company makes several variants of the sauce: variants incorporate mango and / or extra Scotch Bonnet peppers for extreme heat.
A noted fan of Pickapeppa sauce is supermodel Naomi Campbell, who carries a bottle with her.

</doc>
<doc id="21482203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482203" title="Peter Hackworth">
Peter Hackworth

Peter Hackworth (born 13 September 1982) is a British coxswain.
Born in Islington, London, Hackworth was educated at St Paul's School, in Barnes, where he learnt to cox, following his brother who had coxed the school 1st VIII before him. At junior level, he represented Great Britain in the 1999 Coupe de la Jeunesse and the 2000 Junior World Championships.
Hackworth went up to study Modern Languages at Oriel College, University of Oxford after finishing school in 2000. He joined the Oxford University Boat Club, coxed Isis in 2001 and was subsequently selected for the Oxford Blue Boat in the 2002 Boat Race against Cambridge University.
Hackworth's rival in the Cambridge Blue Boat was Eleanor Griggs, who had coxed at St Paul's Girls' School. They had been friends whilst at school and the media focused on their close relationship in the run up to the race.
The 2002 race was the closest in years, and followed the controversial restarted race of 2001. Oxford became only the second crew in history to win having trailed at Barnes Bridge and on the outside of the final bend, echoing the win by the Oxford Blue Boat in 1952, some 50 years prior. The race was described as "amazing" by Sir Matthew Pinsent.
Hackworth trialled for the Blue boat again in 2004, but missed out on the seat which went to Acer Nethercott.

</doc>
<doc id="21482206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482206" title="Friends for Schuur">
Friends for Schuur

Friends for Schuur is a 2000 album by Diane Schuur, featuring duets with Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder. It was Schuur's debut album for Concord Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="21482214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482214" title="Tongo Island">
Tongo Island

Tongo Island () is an island in the Ionian Sea in southern Albania. It is a rocky island, and its waters are rich in aquatic life. The island is situated about off the Greek coast. It has an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="21482225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482225" title="Zimbabwe Temporary Cabinet of 2009">
Zimbabwe Temporary Cabinet of 2009


</doc>
<doc id="21482236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482236" title="List of New Rochelle neighborhoods">
List of New Rochelle neighborhoods

New Rochelle occupies an area of roughly 10.5 square miles in Southern Westchester 
County, bounded on the south by Long Island Sound; on the west by Pelham Manor, Pelham and Eastchester; on the north by Scarsdale; and on the east by Scarsdale, Mamaroneck and Larchmont. 
The city organized by zip code areas and neighborhoods, residential parks and subsections. The natural beauty and diverse geography of the area greatly influenced the primarily residential development of New Rochelle from its settlement in 1688 to the present day, evidenced by the more than fifty 'residential parks', marked by attractive homes, winding roads and tall trees. Some of the country's most expensive residential real estate can be found in New Rochelle as well. The Wykagyl 10804 postal code covering much of the city's north end is ranked on Forbes Magazine's annual '500 most expensive zip-codes' list, with an average household income of $199,061 and an average home price over $752,000. In the city's southern end, homes in the gated waterfront enclave Premium Point can cost anywhere from $2 to $20 million. 
The Downtown area, in contrast, is quite densely populated, with many multi-family residential complexes and high rise apartment buildings. There are more than 11,500 single family units within the city, more than neighboring Larchmont, Mamaroneck and Scarsdale combined. The total number of households surpasses 26,000, more than that of neighboring Pelham, Pelham Manor, Eastchester, Scarsdale, Mamaroneck and Larchmont combined.
The city is served by zip-codes 10801, 10802, 10804, 10805 and 10583.
City.
New Rochelle - maps: road • satellite • terrain

</doc>
<doc id="21482237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482237" title="Tonbo kaeri dōchū">
Tonbo kaeri dōchū


</doc>
<doc id="21482238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482238" title="Wetland classification">
Wetland classification

Classification of wetlands has been a problematical task, with the commonly accepted definition of what constitutes a wetland being among the major difficulties. A number of national wetland classifications exist. In 1970s, the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands of International Importance introduced a first attempt to establish an internationally acceptable wetland classification scheme. 
Ramsar classification.
The Ramsar classification of wetland types is intended as a means for fast identification of the main types of wetlands for the purposes of the Convention.
The wetlands are classified into three major classes:
These are further subdivided by the type of water: fresh / saline / brackish / alkaline; and may be further classified by the substrate type of other characteristics.
United States.
Wetlands of the United States are classified according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's National Wetlands Inventory (NWI).

</doc>
<doc id="21482243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482243" title="150th Georgia General Assembly">
150th Georgia General Assembly

Overview.
The 150th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 12, 2009, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, Georgia. The 150th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 149th and will serve as the precedent for the 151st General Assembly in 2011.
The 150th General Assembly adjourned its first session on April 3, 2009. The second session of the 150th General Assembly convened January 11, 2010.
Officers.
House of Representatives.
Presiding Officer.
Glenn Richardson (R) served as Speaker of the House from January 2009 through Jan. 1, 2010. Mark Burkhalter (R) served as Speaker pro tempore during the same period, and was acting Speaker when the House reconvened on Jan. 11, 2010, at which time the House elected David Ralston and Jan Jones.
Members of the State Senate.
Changes in Membership from Previous Term.
While no seat changed party control from the previous session, the beginning of the 150th Georgia General Assembly still saw five new state senators. Two of these new senators defeated the incumbent in the runoff for their parties' primaries. Two replaced incumbents who had run for other office. Another replaced a senator who had retired.
Changes in Membership During Current Term.
There have been three vacancies in the State Senate as of December 25, 2009. All three have been due to resignations. Two have since been filled, both by members of the same party as the former incumbent. Another vacancy is expected at some point during the term.
Announced Retirements.
As of December 25, 2009, six state senators have announced that they will not be running for re-election in 2010. One Senator, Dan Moody (56th) is retiring. The other five are seeking higher office.
Jeff Chapman (3rd) is running for Governor. Following State Insurance and Fire Commissioner John Oxendine's decision to run for Governor, Seth Harp (29th) and Ralph Hudgens (47th) announced that they will seek the Republican nomination for the office. Lee Hawkins (49th) announced that he will run for the Congressional seat to be left open by incumbent Nathan Deal's campaign for Governor. Finally, Gail Buckner is running for state Secretary of State, a position she also ran for in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21482270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482270" title="Édouard Dunglas">
Édouard Dunglas

Édouard Dunglas (1891–1952) was a French physician, historian, geographer, and politician who spent a majority of his life in Dahomey (now Benin).
Early life.
Born in Paris in 1891, Dunglas was educated as a medical doctor. He found a passion in politics, and quit medicine when he was appointed to administrate Togo. Later, he worked in Ketou, Dahomey, and wrote a celebrated history of the town. He also found praise with his geographical studies and documents on traditions of the Fon people. After World War II, Dunglas was named head of the multi-national research institution Institut Francais d'Afrique Noire (IFAN) in Dahomey.
1951 French National Assembly election.
In the legislative elections of June 17, 1951, Dahomey was allowed an additional representative in the French National Assembly. Veteran politician Sourou-Migan Apithy faced a new opponent: northern teacher Hubert Maga. The fact that two seats were allotted to Dahomey was only known in the last week of April. As per a May 1951 electoral law, each candidate had to give the names of another who would occupy the second seat in the event that the other party's first candidate came in third or below. Apithy chose Emile Derlin Zinsou as his running mate, with Apithy leading on the electoral list as of a meeting on April 29. However, Zinsou argued that he would be forced to vacate seat on the Assembly of the French Union and that someone from the north of Dahomey would be able to fill it. Therefore, on May 23 it was decided that Zinsou and Apithy would be listed in that order. Maga, meanwhile, chose northern merchant Paul Darboux and the latter was content as second on the list.
Zinsou and Apithy, in stark contrast to their northern rivals, could not agree on who would headline the list. It reached a point, on May 27, that the two southern candidates decided to run individually: Zinsou campaigned with school teacher Gilbert Kpakpo, while Apithy partnered with Dunglas under the newly formed Union Francaise. Maga and Darboux capitalised on growing cynicism regarding southern Dahomey dominating the French colony's politics, allying themselves with the northern tribes.
The May 1951 law also enlarged the electorate from 61,958 to 333,693. Some dead people were even counted as electors due to the mishandling of election cards. The Cotonou newspaper "L'Etoile du Dahomey" noted the presence of a man who would give an unlimited number of cards as long as they promised to vote for Apithy. Altogether, however, only 44% of the population voted on election day. Apithy was reelected a deputy with 53,463 votes out of 147,350 cast. Maga captured the second seat with 49,329, with Zinsou/Kpakpo receiving a mere 18,410 ballots. Several smaller parties hosted several other candidates, which received the rest of the votes. Only 2.2 percent of Apithy and Dungalas's votes came from the northern region, while 64 percent came from the Porto Novo metropolitan area.
Later life and death.
After the election Dunglas won a seat in Dahomey's territorial assembly. He died in 1952 in Porto Novo. His grave is located in a Porto Novian cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21482279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482279" title="Woman's Hospital of Texas">
Woman's Hospital of Texas

The Woman’s Hospital of Texas is an HCA Affiliated Hospital established in 1976 by a group of physician’s who recognized a need in Houston for a facility focused solely on women in all stages of life. Its founders specifically chose to name the hospital Woman’s – not Women’s – in honor of each patient as an individual and the personal attention each woman receives. Located near the Texas Medical Center in Houston Woman’s has been one of the state’s premier care providers for women and newborns for more than 30 years. The hospital also received accolades from "U.S. News & World Report's" annual survey ranking it one of the nation’s top 50 hospitals for gynecologic care since 2007.
Led by CEO Linda Russell, the hospital remains focused on a woman’s responsibility for her health by providing resources for prevention, education, wellness and medical care. Woman’s offers a full range of women’s services for patients, including minimally invasive surgery and Urogynecology as well as an antepartum unit, 36 labor and delivery rooms, a medical surgical unit and 124-bed Levels II and III Neonatal Intensive Care nurseries.
Woman’s has welcomed more than 170,000 babies to the world since its inception and delivers more babies in Harris County than any other hospital. December 2008 marked an especially historic moment when the hospital delivered its 9,000th baby of the year – a first in the history of Woman’s. With 275 licensed beds plus an additional 92 beds slated to open in early 2009, the opening of the hospital’s new wing will enable physicians to deliver 11,000 babies annually, a goal that increases current deliveries by more than 20 percent. 
Well equipped to handle everything from preemies weighing less than 1,500 grams to high-order multiples, the hospital has garnered recognition for its Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) as well as its track record of delivering both high-order multiples and the most babies in Houston. Woman’s is also highly regarded for the expertise of its physicians and breakthrough developments in minimally invasive surgery as well as Urogynecology. It is home to nearly 600 board-certified physicians, many of whom are on the teaching faculty of Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center of Houston.
University Affiliations.
Baylor College of Medicine
• College of the Mainland
• Galveston College
• Houston Baptist University
• Houston Community College
• Lee College
• Lone Star College -Cy Fair
• Prairie View A&M University
• San Jacinto Central
• San Jacinto South
• Texas A&M University Corpus Christi
• Texas Southern University
• Texas State University
• Texas Woman’s University
• University of Houston
• University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston
• University of Texas Medical Branch
• University of Texas OB/GYN Program
• Wharton County Junior College

</doc>
<doc id="21482286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482286" title="Jess H. Dickinson">
Jess H. Dickinson

The Hon. Jess Hays Dickinson (born 1947) is a Presiding Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi. He represents District 2 Place 1.
Dickinson was born in Charleston, Mississippi. His mother was Laura Augusta Hays (1920–2008). He has a brother, Leonard Lee Dickinson III.
He earned a Bachelors degree from Mississippi State University in 1978, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1982.
Dickinson practiced law in Jackson and Gulfport before serving as a Forrest Circuit Court Judge. He joined the Supreme Court in January, 2004. He has been a member of the adjunct faculty of both William Carey College and the Mississippi College School of Law, as well as serving on two committees for the Mississippi Bar. Dickinson is a charter member of the Mississippi Access to Justice Commission.
He is married and has four sons. Dickinson is an accomplished musician and skilled in over 30 instruments, and he is currently a member of the local Mississippi bluegrass and folk band "Bluegrass Appeal." 

</doc>
<doc id="21482288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482288" title="Equality of sacrifice">
Equality of sacrifice

Equality of sacrifice is a term used in political theory and political philosophy to refer to the perceived fairness of a coercive policy.
John Stuart Mill noticed that citizens often view taxation laws as being fair, as long as taxation is also applied equally to everyone else in society. Political theorist Margaret Levi applied the term to the perceived fairness of conscription in democracies, to which citizens may consent as long as conscription is enforced as a universal duty – as opposed to elitist and exceptionalist policies, as it will sometimes occur in partial mobilization.
The term was also adopted by Lee Iacocca who, as the president of Chrysler, lowered his salary to less than a dollar a year before asking union members for radical wage cuts in order to deal with the company's financial difficulties. During the financial crisis of 2007–2010, Iacocca's example has often been mentioned in opposition to "unconditional" government bail-out of failing companies. In a letter to the leaders of the big three U.S. automakers, Senator Chuck Grassley said that before receiving a government bailout executives should follow the example of former Chrysler head Lee Iacocca and cut their own pay:
Some economists believe that the minimum wage laws in the United States lead to less equality because young black males are less likely to be able to get a job when the minimum wage is increased; this inequality exists primarily because young black workers typically live in urban areas where the food and drink industry, who mainly pay their workers minimum wage, are prevalent. 

</doc>
<doc id="21482293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482293" title="Demetrious Johnson (American football)">
Demetrious Johnson (American football)

Demetrious Johnson (born July 21, 1961 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former professional American football player. Johnson is a native St. Louisan who grew up in the Darst-Webbe Housing Project. He was the youngest of eight children and was raised by a single parent. With the odds against him, Johnson was able to stay focused and graduated from McKinley High School, and earned a full athletic scholarship to attend the University of Missouri, Columbia.
During his years at Columbia, Johnson was recognized as a premier defensive back, including Big 8 All Star. Johnson graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Education with a major in Counseling Psychology. Upon graduation, the Detroit Lions drafted Johnson.
Johnson’s professional football career lasted five years. During his career, Johnson was the Lions' defensive captain and earned numerous awards, including Player of the Week. Johnson ended his professional football career with the Miami Dolphins in 1987.
Following his retirement from pro football, Johnson joined Sherwood Medical Company, which is now Covidien, as the National Sales Manager for the Athletic Sports Medicine Division.
Understanding the importance of the community recreation center during his childhood, Johnson started exploring ways to give back to his community. With a deep desire to encourage and support underprivileged children to reach their potential, Johnson founded the Demetrious Johnson Charitable Foundation, Inc. The Foundation’s motto is, “Helping today’s youth towards a better tomorrow.” Its mission is to help better the lives of inner-city youth by providing mentoring, financial, vocational/tutorial and scholastic assistance programs.
Johnson has been married to his high school sweetheart for over 25 years with three lovely daughters: Ashley, Taylore, and Alexandria. He also has another daughter, Lakisha born 1979/80.

</doc>
<doc id="21482298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482298" title="Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir">
Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir

"Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir" ("I am the longing in you") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the lead single and the third track from the album "Zurück zum Glück". The lead singer takes on the role of personified desire and describes his destructive, yet symbiotic relationship with an unidentified individual whom he addresses directly, possibly the listener. 
Music video.
The music video was directed by Philipp Stölzl.
It shows clips of various people and what they are missing (the word is shown on or near them): "to see you again", "warmth", "clarity", "to get to know my father", "a miracle", "a girlfriend", "to move the soul", "honour", "Maria", "to be young one more time", "forgiveness", "to be world champion", "courage", "justice", "a daughter", "to be somewhere else", "to fuck", "freedom", "respect".

</doc>
<doc id="21482299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482299" title="National Energy Modeling System">
National Energy Modeling System

The National Energy Modeling System (NEMS) is an economic and energy model of United States energy markets created at the U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration. NEMS projects the production, consumption, conversion, import, and pricing of energy. The model relies on assumptions for economic variables, including world energy market interactions, resource availability (which influences costs), technological choice and characteristics, and demographics.
Design.
The model contains several modules that interact as part of the equilibrium calculations for long-term forecasting. These modules are as follows:
Each of these NEMS modules is maintained from year to year by EIA analysts who update the accompanying documentation for version changes annually.
NEMS includes a variety of energy sources used for fuel purposes (heat and power) and feedstock purposes. The primary energy sources of NEMS are Coal, Natural Gas, Distillate Oil (Diesel), Residual Oil, Liquid Petroleum Gases, Coke, Renewables (primarily biomass and wind), Motor Gasoline, Electricity, Petrochemical Feedstocks/Intermediates, Steam, and Asphalt/Road Oil.
Projections from NEMS are given at the nine census division levels, the four census region levels, and the national level.
Uses.
The primary use for NEMS is to produce the "Annual Energy Outlook", published on the EIA website in the early months of each year. NEMS is maintained by the EIA Office of Energy Analysis and was first used for "AEO" projections in 1994.
NEMS is also used for special requests related to scenario analysis, primarily from the U.S. Congress. Subjects such as the economic and environmental impacts of energy-related policy or structure changes are most frequently studied using NEMS.

</doc>
<doc id="21482303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482303" title="Folkestone White Horse">
Folkestone White Horse

The Folkestone White Horse is a white horse hill figure, carved into Cheriton Hill, Folkestone, Kent, South East England. It overlooks the English terminal of the Channel Tunnel and was completed in June 2003.
The horse was planned as a Millennium Landmark to help regenerate the Folkestone area. The design for the horse was drawn by a local artist, Charlie Newington, inspired by a nearby Iron Age fort in an area known as Horse Hill dating from three millennia ago and also based on the White Horse of Uffington.
Planning permission for the project was first applied for in April 1998, with an illustrative canvas mockup being erected in August 1999. The project was opposed by the Government watchdog English Nature due to the site's importance as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. In 2000 English Nature appealed to Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, although the project was said to have widespread public support by local MP and prominent politician Michael Howard. The project was supported by Shepway District Council, who adopted it as their corporate logo. Due to the opposition, the project went to a public enquiry in 2001. The project was given the go-ahead in March 2002 by Stephen Byers, then Secretary of State for Transport, Local Government and the Regions, who stated that the emotional and symbolic value of the project outweighed the possible environmental damage.
Construction of the horse began in September 2002. The work to build the horse was completed entirely by hand. Directed from afar by the artist via radio, a team of volunteers staked out a second canvas template of the horse, and following this, shallow trenches were then dug into the topsoil, 12–24 inches (30–60 cm) wide. These trenches were then filled with limestone slabs. The entire figure is approximately 90 metres long, measured from the front to the rear hoof.
Both the Green Party and Friends of the Earth appealed to the European Union to stop the project based on the site's protection under the European Habitats Directive. In early May 2003 the EU issued a formal notice to the UK Government declaring the work illegal, and giving the government two months to either explain the 2001 enquiry decision satisfactorily, or restore the site, by which time the turf for the horse had already been cut and transplanted.
Over two weeks in May 2003 a team of volunteers including locally based Gurkha soldiers transported, cut and positioned limestone slabs in the trenches, fixing them in place with pins. The limestone laying phase of the construction, which had been delayed when the Gurkhas were needed to crew fire engines during the 2002–2003 Firemen's strike, was completed in early June 2003, with the formal notice from the EU outstanding.
In June 2004 The Friends of the Folkestone White Horse was formed, to promote the landmark and look after the site, which requires periodic light weeding. A time capsule was buried on the site on 18 June 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21482305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482305" title="Charles Day">
Charles Day

Charles Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21482339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482339" title="Rick Woods">
Rick Woods

Rick L. Woods (born November 16, 1959 in Boise, Idaho) is a former professional football player, a defensive back in the NFL. He played safety and cornerback for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1982–86) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1987).
Woods grew up in Boise and played high school football at Boise High and college football at Boise State, where he was a standout defensive back and punt returner. He was a member of the I-AA national championship team in 1980, and the 1981 team that reached the national semifinals. As a punt returner at BSU, he rarely called a fair catch, earning him the nickname "Riverboat Gambler." In the 1982 NFL Draft, Woods was selected in the fourth round (97th overall) by the Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="21482353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482353" title="Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera">
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera

Antonio Maria Luis Felipe Juan Florencio de Orléans y Borbon (23 February 1866, Seville – 24 December 1930, Paris) was an Infante of Spain and the fourth Duke of Galliera in the Kingdom of Italy. He was a member of the Spanish Royal Family and a grandson of Louis-Philippe of France.
Early life.
Antonio was the only surviving son of Prince Antoine of Orléans, Duke of Montpensier and his wife Infanta Luisa Fernanda of Spain. Through his father, he was a grandson of King Louis Philippe of the French and his wife Princess Maria Amalia of the Two Sicilies. Through his mother, he was a grandson of King Ferdinand VII of Spain and his wife Princess Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies.
Antonio was born in Seville, shortly before the end of the reign of his aunt Queen Isabella II of Spain. Due to the Glorious Revolution of 1868 which chased his family from Spain, he spent most of his childhood abroad. Yet his ambitious and liberal father Antoine, Duke of Montpensier, had some relations with the revolutionaries who forced him to flee his country of adoption. In fact, the uprising was prepared with his money and he hoped to be elected king in exchange. However, the attempt failed and the banishment of the House of Orléans was confirmed by the Spanish interim government. 
In December 1874, the coup of General Arsenio Martínez Campos allowed for the restoration of the Spanish monarchy and the young Alfonso XII was made king following the renunciation of his mother. A few months later, the Orléans were pardoned and Antonio went to live with his family in Seville in Palacio San Telmo. In 1878, King Alfonso XII married Antonio's older sister Mercedes, and the reconciliation of the Spanish Orléans and Bourbons was complete.
Marriage.
On 6 March 1886 in Madrid, Antonio married his cousin Infanta Eulalia of Spain, the daughter of Queen Isabella II of Spain and her husband Francis, Duke of Cádiz.
Antonio and Eulalia had two children:
Antonio's marriage gave him the opportunity to play some official role in the court in Madrid. In 1892, he participated in his wife's trip to Cuba and the United States for the celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus. Antonio, however, was fickle and extravagant, while his wife was a strong and cultured woman who refused to bear the humiliations caused by her husband. They separated shortly after they returned to Spain from the United States. On 31 May 1901, they signed a legal separation before the Spanish Consul General in Paris.
Duke of Galliera.
In 1895, King Umberto I of Italy recognised Antonio as the heir of the title Duke of Galliera. The legitimate heir of the title, Phlipp la Renotière von Ferrary (1850–1917) refused to use it and Antonio brought forward his relations with the family of the last Duchess of Galliera, Maria of Brignol-Sale (1812–1888) to obtain the title.
In 1900, Antonio met Marie-Louise Le Manac'h (1869–1949), widow of Simon Guggenheim, at the Savoy Hotel in London. Immediately seduced by the young Breton, Antonio began a new love affair, public in London, Paris and Seville. However, he could not remain faithful even to his mistress, and in 1906 he grew weary of the woman he had gradually introduced in the high society. Antonio was not able to come out of this relationship completely unharmed since his mistress, furious at being dismissed, broke a few of his teeth by hitting him with her umbrella.
Throughout these years, Antonio lived an expensive lifestyle and squandered the family fortune while his ex-wife lived in a relative poverty. In 1919, his excessive spending forced him to sell his land in his Italian duchy.
Antonio died in comparative poverty in Paris in 1930. His remains were transferred to the Pantheon of the Princes in El Escorial.

</doc>
<doc id="21482356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482356" title="English place names in Barbados">
English place names in Barbados

English place names in Barbados is a list of Barbadian place names that were originally place names in England later applied in Barbados by English emigrants and explorers. Barbados has been known for centuries as being the island in the West Indies that appears the most British.

</doc>
<doc id="21482388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482388" title="Iruya">
Iruya

Iruya is a small town of population 1,070 in northwestern Argentina. It is located in the Salta Province of northwestern Argentina, and is the capital of the Iruya Department.
Overview.
Located in the altiplano region along the Iruya River, Iruya sits nestled against the mountainside at an elevation of . It is located over from the province capital of Salta. There is no direct road connection to the rest of the Salta province and access is through a road to the adjacent Jujuy province, a portion of which is unpaved.
Nonetheless, the town is popular with tourists for its scenic location and townscape and friendly locals.
8 km north of Iruya there is the village of San Isidro, 7 km north there is the village of San Juan, 6 km south there is the village of Pueblo Viejo.
Iruya's name is derived from the Quechua language, meaning "abundance of straw".
History.
Iruya was officially founded in 1753, but the first inhabitants settled here around 100 years earlier. They were mainly Indians of which the oldest roots go back to the Ocloyas, a people belonging to the ethnic group of the Kolla who stem from the Kollasuyo, which used to be one of the four regions of the Inca empire.
Iruya's church was built in 1690.

</doc>
<doc id="21482392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482392" title="Yaqub Qureishi">
Yaqub Qureishi

Haji Yaqub Qureishi is a citizen of India, and a member of the cabinet of the Province of Uttar Pradesh. 
Quraishi was elected from the Meerut seat in 2007 as a UPUDF candidate. After this he changed his party to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). In 2012 he again changed his party to Rashtriya Lok Dal after he was denied a ticket for election from BSP. 
He offered an $11 million reward for the death of cartoonists who drew cartoons that showed disrespect for Islam or the prophet Mohammed.

</doc>
<doc id="21482406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482406" title="Johnny Bookman">
Johnny Bookman

John Dolan "Johnny" Bookman (September 6, 1932October 23, 1995) was a professional American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played for three seasons for the NFL's New York Giants and the AFL's Dallas Texans and New York Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="21482414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482414" title="Architectural drawing">
Architectural drawing

An architectural drawing or architect's drawing is a technical drawing of a building (or building project) that falls within the definition of architecture. Architectural drawings are used by architects and others for a number of purposes: to develop a design idea into a coherent proposal, to communicate ideas and concepts, to convince clients of the merits of a design, to enable a building contractor to construct it, as a record of the completed work, and to make a record of a building that already exists.
Architectural drawings are made according to a set of conventions, which include particular views (floor plan, section etc.), sheet sizes, units of measurement and scales, annotation and cross referencing. Conventionally, drawings were made in ink on paper or a similar material, and any copies required had to be laboriously made by hand. The twentieth century saw a shift to drawing on tracing paper, so that mechanical copies could be run off efficiently.
The development of the computer had a major impact on the methods used to design and create technical drawings, making manual drawing almost obsolete, and opening up new possibilities of form using organic shapes and complex geometry. Today the vast majority of drawings are created using CAD software.
Size and scale.
The size of drawings reflects the materials available and the size that is convenient to transport – rolled up or folded, laid out on a table, or pinned up on a wall. The draughting process may impose limitations on the size that is realistically workable. Sizes are determined by a consistent paper size system, according to local usage. Normally the largest paper size used in modern architectural practice is ISO A0 () or in the USA Arch E () or Large E size ().
Architectural drawings are drawn to scale, so that relative sizes are correctly represented. The scale is chosen both to ensure the whole building will fit on the chosen sheet size, and to show the required amount of detail. At the scale of one eighth of an inch to one foot (1:96) or the metric equivalent 1 to 100, walls are typically shown as simple outlines corresponding to the overall thickness. At a larger scale, half an inch to one foot (1:24) or the nearest common metric equivalent 1 to 20, the layers of different materials that make up the wall construction are shown. Construction details are drawn to a larger scale, in some cases full size (1 to 1 scale).
Scale drawings enable dimensions to be 'read' off the drawing, i.e. measured directly. Imperial scales (feet and inches) are equally readable using an ordinary ruler. On a one-eighth inch to one foot scale drawing, the one-eighth divisions on the ruler can be read off as feet. Architects normally use a scale ruler with different scales marked on each edge. A third method, used by builders in estimating, is to measure directly off the drawing and multiply by the scale factor.
Dimensions can be measured off drawings made on a stable medium such as vellum. All processes of reproduction introduce small errors, especially now that different copying methods mean that the same drawing may be re-copied or copies made in several different ways. Consequently dimensions need to be written ('figured') on the drawing. The disclaimer "Do not scale off dimensions" is commonly inscribed on architects drawings, to guard against errors arising in the copying process.
Standard views used in architectural drawing.
"This section deals with the conventional views used to represent a building or structure. See the Types of architectural drawing section below for drawings classified according to their purpose."
Floor plan.
A floor plan is the most fundamental architectural diagram, a view from above showing the arrangement of spaces in building in the same way as a map, but showing the arrangement at a particular level of a building. Technically it is a horizontal section cut through a building (conventionally at three feet / one metre above floor level), showing walls, windows and door openings and other features at that level. The plan view includes anything that could be seen below that level: the floor, stairs (but only up to the plan level), fittings and sometimes furniture. Objects above the plan level (e.g. beams overhead) can be indicated as dotted lines.
Geometrically, plan view is defined as a vertical orthographic projection of an object on to a horizontal plane, with the horizontal plane cutting through the building.
Site plan.
A site plan is a specific type of plan, showing the whole context of a building or group of buildings. A site plan shows property boundaries and means of access to the site, and nearby structures if they are relevant to the design. For a development on an urban site, the site plan may need to show adjoining streets to demonstrate how the design fits into the urban fabric. Within the site boundary, the site plan gives an overview of the entire scope of work. It shows the buildings (if any) already existing and those that are proposed, usually as a building footprint; roads, parking lots, footpaths, hard landscaping, trees and planting. For a construction project, the site plan also needs to show all the services connections: drainage and sewer lines, water supply, electrical and communications cables, exterior lighting etc.
Site plans are commonly used to represent a building proposal prior to detailed design: drawing up a site plan is a tool for deciding both the site layout and the size and orientation of proposed new buildings. A site plan is used to verify that a proposal complies with local development codes, including restrictions on historical sites. In this context the site plan forms part of a legal agreement, and there may be a requirement for it to be drawn up by a licenced professional: architect, engineer, landscape architect or land surveyor.
Elevation.
An elevation is a view of a building seen from one side, a flat representation of one façade. This is the most common view used to describe the external appearance of a building. Each elevation is labelled in relation to the compass direction it faces, e.g. the north elevation of a building is the side that most closely faces north. Buildings are rarely a simple rectangular shape in plan, so a typical elevation may show all the parts of the building that are seen from a particular direction.
Geometrically, an elevation is a horizontal orthographic projection of a building on to a vertical plane, the vertical plane normally being parallel to one side of the building.
Architects also use the word elevation as a synonym for façade, so the north elevation is literally the north-facing wall of the building.
Cross section.
A cross section, also simply called a section, represents a vertical plane cut through the object, in the same way as a floor plan is a horizontal section viewed from the top. In the section view, everything cut by the section plane is shown as a bold line, often with a solid fill to show objects that are cut through, and anything seen beyond generally shown in a thinner line. Sections are used to describe the relationship between different levels of a building. In the Observatorium drawing illustrated here, the section shows the dome which can be seen from the outside, a second dome that can only be seen inside the building, and the way the space between the two accommodates a large astronomical telescope: relationships that would be difficult to understand from plans alone.
A sectional elevation is a combination of a cross section, with elevations of other parts of the building seen beyond the section plane.
Geometrically, a cross section is a horizontal orthographic projection of a building on to a vertical plane, with the vertical plane cutting through the building.
Isometric and axonometric projections.
Isometric and axonometric projections are a simple way of representing a three dimensional object, keeping the elements to scale and showing the relationship between several sides of the same object, so that the complexities of a shape can be clearly understood.
There is some confusion about the terms isometric and axonometric. “Axonometric is a word that has been used by architects for hundreds of years. Engineers use the word axonometric as a generic term to include isometric, diametric and trimetric drawings.” This article uses the terms in the architecture-specific sense.
Despite fairly complex geometrical explanations, for the purposes of practical draughting the difference between isometric and axonometric is simple (see diagram above). In both, the plan is drawn on a skewed or rotated grid, and the verticals are projected vertically on the page. All lines are drawn to scale so that relationships between elements are accurate. In many cases a different scale is required for different axes, and again this can be calculated but in practice was often simply estimated by eye.
Traditional draughting techniques used 30-60 and 45 degree set squares, and that determined the angles used in these views. Once the adjustable square became common those limitations were lifted.
The axonometric gained in popularity in the twentieth century, not just as a convenient diagram but as a formal presentation technique, adopted in particular by the Modern Movement. Axonometric drawings feature prominently in the influential 1970's drawings of Michael Graves, James Stirling and others, using not only straightforward views but worms-eye view, unusually and exaggerated rotations of the plan, and exploded elements.
The axonometric view is not readily generated by CAD programmes which create views from a three dimensional model. Consequently it is now rarely used.
Detail drawings.
Detail drawings show a small part of the construction at a larger scale, to show how the component parts fit together. They are also used to show small surface details, for example decorative elements. Section drawings at large scale are a standard way of showing building construction details, typically showing complex junctions (such as floor to wall junction, window openings, eaves and roof apex) that cannot be clearly shown on a drawing that includes the full height of the building. A full set of construction details needs to show plan details as well as vertical section details. One detail is seldom produced in isolation: a set of details shows the information needed to understand the construction in three dimensions. Typical scales for details are 1/10, 1/5 and full size.
In traditional construction, many details were so fully standardised, that few detail drawings were required to construct a building. For example, the construction of a sash window would be left to the carpenter, who would fully understand what was required, but unique decorative details of the facade would be drawn up in detail. In contrast, modern buildings need to be fully detailed because of the proliferation of different products, methods and possible solutions.
Architectural perspective.
Perspective in drawing is an approximate representation on a flat surface of an image as it is perceived by the eye. The key concepts here are:
The basic categorization of artificial perspective is by the number of vanishing points:
The normal convention in architectural perspective is to use two-point perspective, with all the verticals drawn as verticals on the page.
Three-point perspective gives a casual, photographic snapshot effect. In professional architectural photography, conversely, a view camera or a perspective control lens is used to eliminate the third vanishing point, so that all the verticals are vertical on the photograph, as with the perspective convention. This can also be done by digital manipulation of a photograph taken with a standard lens.
Aerial perspective is a technique in painting, for indicating distance by approximating the effect of the atmosphere on distant objects. In daylight, as an ordinary object gets further from the eye, its contrast with the background is reduced, its colour saturation is reduced, and its colour becomes more blue. Not to be confused with aerial view or bird's eye view, which is the view as seen (or imagined) from a high vantage point. In J M Gandy's perspective of the Bank of England (see illustration at the beginning of this article), Gandy portrayed the building as a picturesque ruin in order to show the internal plan arrangement, a precursor of the cutaway view.
A montage image is produced by superimposing a perspective image of a building on to a photographic background. Care is needed to record the position from which the photograph was taken, and to generate the perspective using the same viewpoint. This technique is popular in computer visualisation, where the building can be photorealistically rendered, and the final image is intended to be almost indistinguishable from a photograph.
Sketches and diagrams.
A sketch is a rapidly executed freehand drawing, a quick way to record and develop an idea, not intended as a finished work. A diagram may also be drawn freehand but deals with symbols, to develop the logic of a design. Both may be worked up into a more presentable form and used to communicate the principles of a design.
In architecture, the finished work is expensive and time consuming, so it is important to resolve the design as fully as possible before construction work begins. Complex modern buildings involve a large team of different specialist disciplines, and communication at the early design stages is essential to keep the design moving towards a coordinated outcome. Architects (and other designers) start investigating a new design with sketches and diagrams, to develop a rough design that provides an adequate response to the particular design problems.
There are two basic elements to a building design, the aesthetic and the practical. The aesthetic element includes the layout and visual appearance, the anticipated feel of the materials, and cultural references that will influence the way people perceive the building. Practical concerns include space allocated for different activities, how people enter and move around the building, daylight and artificial lighting, acoustics, traffic noise, legal matters and building codes, and many other issues. While both aspects are partly a matter of customary practice, every site is different. Many architects actively seek innovation, thereby increasing the number of problems to be resolved.
Architectural legend often refers to designs made on the back of an envelope/napkin/cigarette packet. Initial thoughts are important, even if they have to be discarded along the way, because they provide the central idea around which the design can develop. Although a sketch is inaccurate, it is disposable and allows for freedom of thought, for trying different ideas quickly. Choice becomes sharply reduced once the design is committed to a scale drawing, and the sketch stage is almost always essential.
Diagrams are mainly used to resolve practical matters. In the early phases of the design architects use diagrams to develop, explore, and communicate ideas and solutions. They are essential tools for thinking, problem solving, and communication in the design disciplines. Diagrams can be used to resolve spatial relationships, but they can also represent forces and flows, e.g. the forces of sun and wind, or the flows of people and materials through a building.
An exploded view diagram shows component parts dis-assembled in some way, so that each can be seen on its own. These views are common in technical manuals, but are also used in architecture, either in conceptual diagrams or to illustrate technical details. In a cutaway view parts of the exterior are omitted to show the interior, or details of internal construction. Although common in technical illustration, including many building products and systems, the cutaway is in fact little-used in architectural drawing.
Types of architectural drawing.
Architectural drawings are produced for a specific purpose, and can be classified accordingly. Several elements are often included on the same sheet, for example a sheet showing a plan together with the principal façade.
Presentation drawings.
Drawings intended to explain a scheme and to promote its merits. Working drawings may include tones or hatches to emphasise different materials, but they are diagrams, not intended to appear realistic. Basic presentation drawings typically include people, vehicles and trees, taken from a library of such images, and are otherwise very similar in style to working drawings. Rendering is the art of adding surface textures and shadows to show the visual qualities of a building more realistically. An architectural illustrator or graphic designer may be employed to prepare specialist presentation images, usually perspectives or highly finished site plans, floor plans and elevations etc.
Survey drawings.
Measured drawings of existing land, structures and buildings. Architects need an accurate set of survey drawings as a basis for their working drawings, to establish exact dimensions for the construction work. Surveys are usually measured and drawn up by specialist land surveyors.
Record drawings.
Historically, architects have made record drawings in order to understand and emulate the great architecture known to them. In the Renaissance, architects from all over Europe studied and recorded the remains of the Roman and Greek civilizations, and used these influences to develop the architecture of the period. Records are made both individually, for local purposes, and on a large scale for publication. Historic surveys worth referring to include:
Record drawings are also used in construction projects, where "as-built" drawings of the completed building take account of all the variations made during the course of construction.
Working drawings.
A comprehensive set of drawings used in a building construction project: these will include not only architect's drawings but structural and services engineer's drawings etc. Working drawings logically subdivide into location, assembly and component drawings.
Traditionally, working drawings would typically combine plans, sections, elevations and some details to provide a complete explanation of a building on one sheet. That was possible because little detail was included, the building techniques involved being common knowledge amongst building professionals. Modern working drawings are much more detailed and it is standard practice to isolate each view on a separate sheet. Notes included on drawings are brief, referring to standardised specification documents for more information. Understanding the layout and construction of a modern building involves studying an often-sizeable set of drawings and documents.
Drafting.
Until the latter part of the twentieth century, all architectural drawings were manually produced, either by architects or by trained (but less skilled) draughtsmen (or drafters), who did not generate the design, although they made many of the less important decisions. This system continues with CAD draughting: many design architects have little or no knowledge of CAD software programmes and rely upon others to take their designs beyond the sketch stage. Draughtsmen may specialize in a type of structure, such as residential or commercial, or in a type of construction: timber frame, reinforced concrete, prefabrication etc.
The traditional tools of the architect were the drawing board or draughting table, T-square and set squares, protractor, compasses, pencil and drawing pens of different types. Drawings were made on vellum, coated linen, and on tracing paper. Lettering would either be done by hand, mechanically using a stencil, or a combination of the two. Ink lines were drawn with a ruling pen, a relatively sophisticated device similar to a dip-in pen but with adjustable line width, capable of producing a very fine controlled line width. Ink pens had to be dipped into ink frequently. Draughtsmen worked standing up, and kept the ink on a separate table to avoid spilling ink on the drawing.
Twentieth century developments include the parallel motion drawing board, and more complicated improvements on the basic T-square. The development of reliable technical drawing pens allowed for faster draughting and stencilled lettering. Letraset dry transfer lettering and half-tone sheets were popular from the 1970s until computers made those processes obsolete.
Computer-aided design.
Computer-aided design is the use of computer software to create drawings. Today the vast majority of technical drawings of all kinds are made using CAD. Instead of drawing lines on paper, the computer records equivalent information electronically. There are many advantages to this system: repetition is reduced because complex elements can be copied, duplicated and stored for re-use. Errors can be deleted, and the speed of draughting allows many permutations to be tried before the design is finalised. On the other hand, CAD drawing encourages a proliferation of detail and increased expectations of accuracy, aspects which reduce the efficiency originally expected from the move to computerisation.
Professional CAD software such as AutoCAD is complex and requires both training and experience before the operator becomes fully productive. Consequently, skilled CAD operators are often divorced from the design process. Simpler software such as SketchUp allows for more intuitive drawing and is intended as a design tool.
CAD is used to create all kinds of drawings, from working drawings to photorealistic perspective views. Architectural renderings (also called visualisations) are made by creating a three-dimensional model using CAD. The model can be viewed from any direction to find the most useful viewpoints. Different software (for example Autodesk 3ds Max) is then used to apply colour and texture to surfaces, and to represent shadows and reflections. The result can be accurately combined with photographic elements: people, cars, background landscape.
Building information modeling (BIM) is the logical development of CAD drawing, a relatively new technology but fast becoming mainstream. The design team collaborates to create a three-dimensional computer model, and all plans and other two-dimensional views are generated directly from the model, ensuring spatial consistency. The key innovation here is to share the model via the internet, so that all the design functions (site survey, architecture, structure and services) can be integrated into a single model, or as a series of models associated with each specialism that are shared throughout the design development process. Some form of management, not necessarily by the architect, needs to be in place to resolve conflicting priorities. The starting point of BIM is spatial design, but it also enables components to be quantified and scheduled directly from the information embedded in the model.
An architectural animation is a short film showing how a proposed building will look: the moving image makes three-dimensional forms much easier to understand. An animation is generated from a series of hundreds or even thousands of still images, each made in the same way as an architectural visualisation. A computer-generated building is created using a CAD programme, and that is used to create more or less realistic views from a sequence of viewpoints. The simplest animations use a moving viewpoint, while more complex animations can include moving objects: people, vehicles and so on.
Architectural reprographics.
Reprographics or reprography covers a variety of technologies, media, and support services used to make multiple copies of original drawings. Prints of architectural drawings are still sometimes called blueprints, after one of the early processes which produced a white line on blue paper. The process was superseded by the dye-line print system which prints black on white coated paper (Whiteprint). The standard modern processes are the ink-jet printer, laser printer and photocopier, of which the ink-jet and laser printers are commonly used for large-format printing. Although colour printing is now commonplace, it remains expensive above A3 size, and architect's working drawings still tend to adhere to the black and white / greyscale aesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="21482415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482415" title="Danny Huwé">
Danny Huwé

Danny Huwé (1 December 1943 – ) was a Belgian journalist who was working for vtm, Vlaamse Televisie Maatschappij (English: Flemish Television Company), at the time of his death. Before vtm he worked as a radio journalist at the BRT (national radio and television) for many years together with journalists such as Rudi Dufour, Rudi Vranckx, Mark Ooms, and Piet Deslé. He was killed during the Romanian Revolution.
Biography.
He was born in Geraardsbergen (Belgium), and killed on 23 or 24 December 1989 in Bucharest (Romania) during the Romanian Revolution. He was shot by a sniper who thought that Huwé was loyal to Nicolae Ceauşescu. Huwé was travelling from Sofia, Bulgaria to Bucharest.
Memorial.
A square has been named after Huwé in Bucharest. The Danny Huwé Square (Piața Danny Huwé in Romanian) is located in the neighborhood of Drumul Taberei, at the Razoare traffic circle which is at the intersection of Timișoara Boulevard, Drumul Taberei Boulevard and Progresului Street. Also, the bus stations in the area carry his name.

</doc>
<doc id="21482428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482428" title="Houston Coal Company Store">
Houston Coal Company Store

The Houston Coal Company Store, also known as the Koppers Store, is an intact example of a coal company store, located at Carswell, West Virginia. The 1923 Italian Renaissance building possesses a detailed brick exterior and a clay tile roof, with skylights at the roof's peak. The store served a small mining community of Carswell, West Virginia, first for the Houston Coal Company and later for the Koppers Coal Company. Another store, now disappeared, served the upper end of the long hollow. The store is surrounded by an expansive lawn, bordered by a stream.

</doc>
<doc id="21482434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482434" title="Agencynet">
Agencynet

AgencyNet is a digital marketing agency based in New York, NY and Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In November of 2012, AgencyNet rebranded as AgencyTen. 
Background.
AgencyNet is an award winning digital marketing agency, specializing in developing emotionally engaging Digital brand experiences and holistic communication strategies. The agency acts as a strategic marketing consultant to top brands in a variety of industries. 
Named “one of the hottest digital agencies around” by Advertising Age, AgencyNet’s work has been recipient of over 130-high profile awards including an Interactive Emmy, FWA, Cannes Lion, SXSW’s Best in Show, as well as The Webby. 
AgencyNet was founded in 1994 by Richard Lent in New York. Six years later, the company moved to Fort Lauderdale in Florida in 2000. In 2008, the company expanded its footprint back to New York city, opening another office in the summer. The company has recently concepted and produced highly regarded work for Jay-Z and Rihanna.
Over the last 17 years AgencyNet has developed enterprise level brand portals with bespoke dashboard management systems, developed immersive web experiences, created utility-based mobile applications, ideated successful viral campaigns, and successfully harnessed the power of social media. AgencyNet serves as a strategic digital partner to some of the world’s most recognized and respected brands including Bacardi, Grey Goose, Warner Bros, Ford, Sony, Howard Stern, Bill Clinton, Mike's Hard Lemonade, Universal Music Group and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="21482447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482447" title="Alvin Hall (American football)">
Alvin Hall (American football)

Alvin Eugene Hall is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Detroit Lions. Previously, Alvin played at Dayton Fairview High School in Dayton, Ohio. Alvin led the Bulldogs basketball team as the point guard to the first City Conference title in 33 years and played safety on the football team winning their division one year.

</doc>
<doc id="21482468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482468" title="The Galleries">
The Galleries

The Galleries may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21482477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482477" title="Stil Island">
Stil Island

Stil Island () is a small island of the coast of Albania. Stil island is found in the Ionian Sea in the south of Albania. Although not the most southern point of Albania, it consists of the most southern tip of the coastline of Albania. The island is very rocky. The island is very small, and it has an area of half a hectare.
It has a length of 80 meters and a width of 110 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="21482486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482486" title="Identity (Robert Pierre album)">
Identity (Robert Pierre album)

Identity is the second studio album from contemporary Christian musician Robert Pierre. The album was re-released on April 9, 2009 through Thinkaboutit Records and distributed through Provident/Integrity Distribution to raise $800,000 to the James Fund charity. The re-release includes three new tracks, and was produced by Al Denson and Matt Bronleewe.

</doc>
<doc id="21482492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482492" title="Nick Fletcher">
Nick Fletcher

Nicholas "Nick" Fletcher is a Welsh film editor of animation best known as for editing the 1998 American film "The Prince of Egypt" by DreamWorks. He joined DreamWorks in 1995 as a supervising editor on animated features "The Prince of Egypt" and "Shark Tale". He most recently worked as editor on the "Bee Movie". He also worked on "".
Before joining DreamWorks, Fletcher worked at Amblimation in London, where he served as a supervising editor on "". He also served as the animation editor on "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" and as co-supervising editor on both "We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story" and "Balto".
Born in Wales, Fletcher began his career at John Wood Sound Studios in London with work on various commercials. He then moved on to Richard Williams Animation in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="21482500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482500" title="PCMOS">
PCMOS

Probabilistic complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (PCMOS) is a semiconductor manufacturing technology invented by Pr. Krishna Palem of Rice University and Director of NTU's Institute for Sustainable Nanoelectronics (ISNE). The technology hopes to compete against current CMOS technology. Proponents claim it uses 30 times less electricity while running seven times faster than the current fastest technology. PCMOS-based system on a chip architectures were shown to be gains that are as high as a substantial multiplicative factor of 560 when compared to a competing energy-efficient CMOS based realization on applications based on probabilistic algorithms such as hyper-encryption, bayesian networks, random neural networks and probabilistic cellular automata.

</doc>
<doc id="21482501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482501" title="Kirk Springs">
Kirk Springs

Kirk Edward Springs (born August 16, 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who played safety for five seasons for the New York Jets in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21482526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482526" title="Ramsar Classification System for Wetland Type">
Ramsar Classification System for Wetland Type

The Ramsar Classification System for Wetland Type is a wetland classification developed within the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands intended as a means for fast identification of the main types of wetlands for the purposes of the Convention.

</doc>
<doc id="21482555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482555" title="Duane Hawthorne">
Duane Hawthorne

Duane Hawthorne (born August 26, 1976 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and the San Francisco 49ers.
Early years.
After attending Ladue Horton Watkins High School, he received a scholarship to play college football for Northern Illinois University. As a senior he recorded 4 interceptions and was named second-team All-MAC. He finished his college career with 30 starts, 166 tackles, 9 interceptions and 22 passes defensed.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Hawthorne signed with the Dallas Cowboys in 1999 as an undrafted free agent and surprised observers by making the team and finishing with 27 tackles, 3 interceptions (second on the team) and 7 passes defensed, while playing in nickel and dime packages.
He was allocated to the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe in 2000. He had a strong showing there, including being named NFL Europe co-defensive MVP, All-NFL Europe, tied for the league lead with 4 interceptions and helped his team reach World Bowl 2000. When he returned to the Cowboys for the 2000 season, he was worned down from all of his previous football activity and wasn't as effective, finishing with only one tackle.
In 2001, he was named the starter at left cornerback over Izell Reese. The next year he started 5 games, but injuries opened the door for rookie Derek Ross to replace him. He was waived on December 8, 2002.
San Francisco 49ers.
On December 11, 2002, he was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as insurance, but didn't play until being forced into action during the playoff loss against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Personal life.
He was a football coach at University City High School and now teaches health and coaches at Hazelwood West High School in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="21482578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482578" title="GMIS International">
GMIS International

GMIS International or GMIS is the largest professional organization for public sector information technology (IT) leaders in the United States. Founded in 1971, GMIS has over 400 member organizations and sister organizations in six (6) countries - Belgium, Canada, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. GMIS currently has active State Chapters in 15 U.S. states.
GMIS provides a forum for government agencies including federal, state, local, educational (K-12 and higher education) and special districts so that they can exchange IT best practices that enhance the delivery of government services. International affiliations provide a global perspective that enables diversity of opinions and experiences.
GMIS holds an Annual GMIS International Conference each year where IT leaders come to learn from each other and industry experts and share knowledge and lessons learned. The 2009 conference, scheduled for August 23 through 27th in Newport, Rhode Island, features keynote speaker Senior Vice President Howard Charney, is a member of Cisco’s Office of the President and Executive Staff and reports directly to CEO John Chambers.
In addition to networking with public sector IT leaders from around the world, membership in GMIS International includes access to a document repository, active listserv, leadership opportunities through participation on an Advisory Council and the Executive Board, and vendor participation to share emerging technologies and trends.
GMIS is led by a ten (10) member Executive Board consisting of a President, four Vice Presidents (1st – 4th), a Chapter Development & Conference Coordinator, an International Director, an Executive Director (immediate past president), a Treasurer, and a Conference Chairperson. The Board appoints an Editor for the GEM (GMIS Education Material), newsletter and an Executive Secretary to manage Headquarters.
The Board also appoints an Advisory Council each year, which is composed of IT leaders from member organizations, who provide advice to the Board and actively participate in a variety of Subcommittees that support the Board’s annual priorities.

</doc>
<doc id="21482595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482595" title="Sofia boys choir">
Sofia boys choir

The Sofia Boys Choir is a boys' choir which was founded in Bulgaria in 1968. The performers, aged 8–15, are selected from schools in Sofia. The founder and first conductor of the choir was Lilyana Todorova; he served from 1968 to 1989. Since 1989, Adriana Blagoeva has been the conductor of the choir. She graduated from the National Musical Academy as a choir conductor. Besides her active conducting work, Blagoeva is an associate professor in choral conducting at the National Musical Academy. In 1997 she founded the Youth Formation with the Sofia Boys Choir, consisting of former members of the boys choir. Today the choir is presented in three formations – boys, youth and mixed. Blagoeva won the "Special Prize for Conductors" at the 1st International Choral Competition in Bolzano, Italy, in 2000. 
The Sofia Boys Choir has a very wide repertoire: Bulgarian choral music, Orthodox music, Bulgarian folk music, Catholic music, musicals, operas and choral pieces of various musical genres from the 14th century to today. Many recordings of the Sofia boys choir are in the musical archives of Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) and Bulgarian National Television (BNT). 
The choir has published eight audio CDs of its own and has participated in another eight with other musicians (see external links below "Discography").
Since 1993, the Sofia Boys Choir has won awards at international choral competitions: one grand prize, four first prizes and four second prizes. The choir has been awarded the "Musician of the Year" prize in 2002 by Bulgarian National Radio, "The Silver Lyre" in 1998 and "The Golden Lyre" in 2008 by the Bulgarian Musicians and Dancers Union, and "The Golden Plaque" by the Bulgarian Choral Union.

</doc>
<doc id="21482611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482611" title="Wasli">
Wasli

Wasli, also referred to as wasli paper, is a type of handmade paper used specifically for painting miniatures. It was devised in India, in the 10th century, and figures widely in Mughal-era painting.
Recent uses of Wasli (hand-prepared paper of varying thickness) range from classical/traditional way of painting with opaque water colors to building structures of varying kinds. 
Miniature Painting is a term used for making opaque/translucent water color paintings/illustrations on a small scale inspired from, Persian, or Pahari miniature schools and Wasli is used as a canvas for making miniatures.
Wasli word came out of a Persian word Vasl which means Union, of coming together, oneness, etc.
Wasli is an Acid-free paper and it has archival qualities. Paper eating insects can not eat it because of a poison copper sulphate/Neela Thootha used in the making of this paper. The glue to paste sheets together is also acid free made out of cooking flour. 
To use it for miniature paintings this layered paper is burnished with either smooth glass or a sea shell. This way the paper is shiny, smooth and have minimal perceptible grain.
A sheet of wasli is created by gluing together several layers of paper, then polishing them by hand until they are shiny and smooth, with minimal perceptible grain.[http://202.83.164.26/wps/portal/Mocul/!ut/p/c0/04_SB8K8xLLM9MSSzPy8xBz9CP0os3h_Nx9_SzcPIwP_IB8DA6MQN6MgP39LQ09_U_2CbEdFAGG3mnQ!/?WCM_PORTLET=PC_7_OFLO9FH20ORL002TF2RNO91IV4_WCM&WCM_GLOBAL_CONTEXT=/wps/wcm/connect/MoculCL/scultureofpakistan/saartsofpakistan/ghulam+rasul]

</doc>
<doc id="21482613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482613" title="Mayones Guitars &amp; Basses">
Mayones Guitars &amp; Basses

Mayones Guitars & Basses, established in 1982, is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars, located in Gdańsk, Poland. They specialize in building handcrafted and custom instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="21482621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482621" title="Sean Vanhorse">
Sean Vanhorse

Sean Joseph Vanhorse (born July 22, 1968) is a former professional American football cornerback for five seasons for the San Diego Chargers, the Detroit Lions, and the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21482625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482625" title="Hibari no komoriuta">
Hibari no komoriuta


</doc>
<doc id="21482628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482628" title="Premiair">
Premiair

Premiair is a leading Aviation Services and Aircraft Management Operator based in Indonesia, serving domistic & international markets. The company is headquartered at Halim Perdanakusuma Airport in Jakarta.
In 2008, Premiair was upgraded to Indonesia's top safety rank. 
Business Line.
VIP & Corporate Charter Services, Aircraft Management Services, Ground Handling & Fixed Based Operation Services, Hangar Services, Aircraft Sales, Oil & Gas Producers Services.
Fleet.
The Premiair fleet consists of the following aircraft (at 6 Nov 2013):

</doc>
<doc id="21482650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482650" title="Be Disappointed">
Be Disappointed

Be Disappointed is the second album from Canadian punk rock band, This Is a Standoff. It was leaked on the internet on March 24, 2009, and released officially on March 30, 2009 on Funtime Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21482651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482651" title="Indiana State University Recreational Center">
Indiana State University Recreational Center

The Student Rec Center at Indiana State University is a building nearing completion on Indiana State's campus in Terre Haute, Indiana.
The rec center will include a three-court gymnasium and a multi-activity court with a durable surface suitable for such activities as soccer and roller hockey. Plans also call for a leisure aquatics facility, jogging track, climbing wall, fitness center, spinning room, two multi-purpose rooms, student lounge, juice bar, and outdoor recreation yard.
References.
Indiana State University board approves student rec center plans

</doc>
<doc id="21482674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482674" title="Baptismal font at St Bartholomew's Church, Liège">
Baptismal font at St Bartholomew's Church, Liège

The baptismal font at St Bartholomew's Church, Liège is a Romanesque brass or bronze baptismal font made between 1107 and 1118 now in St Bartholomew's church in Liege, Belgium. The font is a major masterpiece of Mosan art, remarkable for the classicism of its style, whose origin has been the subject of great debate among art historians. The Meuse River valley in modern Belgium and France, roughly coterminous with the Diocese of Liège, was the leading 12th-century centre of Romanesque metalwork, which was still the most prestigious medium in art.
History.
The Liège font was commissioned after 1107 and completed by 1118 for the church of Notre-Dame-aux-Fonts ("Our Lady's with the font"), which abutted the old Liège Cathedral and functioned as the baptistry for the city. These dates are based on the period of office of the Abbé Hellin, parish priest of the church, known to have commissioned it, for in his obituary in the contemporary "" () the font is clearly described, though with no mention of the artist. Both cathedral and church were destroyed during the French Revolution, and the font was hidden for safe-keeping before being moved to its present location in 1804. The Liège chronicle describes a cover with figures of the Four Evangelists and prophets, presumably also in metal, which was lost during the Revolution, along with two of the supporting oxen. The present stone plinth and setting replaced in the 20th century a solid round stone one built in 1804. The font is still used for baptisms today; there is normally a small charge for viewing it.
Renier de Huy.
The font was traditionally attributed to Renier de Huy, a 12th-century metalworker and sculptor, but this, and even the Mosan origin of the font, have been questioned and alternative theories advanced. Nothing is known of Rainer's life other than that he was mentioned in a document of 1125 as a goldsmith, but a 14th-century chronicle mentions him as the artist of the font. He may have died about 1150. Another equally shadowy figure in Mosan metalwork from the next generation, Godefroid de Huy or de Claire, also came from the small but prosperous city of Huy on the Meuse.
The only other work generally agreed to be by the same master as the font is a small bronze crucifix (Schnütgen Museum, Cologne); another in Brussels has many similarities. A censer in similar style is attributed to Renier or a follower by many.
Style and origin.
The figures on the font are in very high relief, and have a remarkable classicism of style; so much so that it has also been suggested that it was in fact made in Constantinople, or by Greeks in Rome about 1000. Other explanations attribute the classicism to close Byzantine influence, though as Honour and Fleming point out, "In bodily proportions, poses, gestures and garments, they recall Classical models far beyond Byzantine, Carolingian, or even Early Christian art"; they suggest the artist might have seen ancient Greek sculptures in Constantinople when on the First Crusade. Other writers explain the style as emerging from older Mosan and Carolingian traditions, with recent Byzantine influence, and prefiguring Gothic figure style. The idealized figures are modelled in rounded forms; several nude figures are present, and one is seen from behind in a three-quarters view, a sophisticated classical pose.
Art-historical argument over the origin of the font has been vigorous and sometimes acrimonious, and in recent decades mostly conducted in French. In support of the Byzantine origin theory, analysis of the lead in 1993 has shown that it came from mines in Spain or Sardinia, whereas other Mosan works used locally sourced metal. Pierre Colman and his wife Berthe Lhoist-Colman have developed a "Roman" theory, according to which the Holy Roman Emperor Otto III commissioned the font from Greek craftsmen in Rome in about 1000, as a gift for the Basilica of Saint John Lateran there. Decades later it was carried off by Henry IV or Henry V to the Meuse. However most art historians continue to accept the traditional Mosan attribution, and relate the style to the other works mentioned above.
Description.
The basin is across at the top, tapering slightly towards the base, and is variously described as of brass or bronze. It was made by lost wax casting, with the basin cast in a single piece; the size was not necessarily exceptional, as both church bells and cauldrons for large households were probably cast at comparable sizes; some church doors cast in a single piece, though flat, were much larger. The font sat on twelve oxen (two are now missing), who emerged from a stone plinth, a reference to the "molten sea... on twelve oxen" cast in bronze for Solomon's temple The five scenes shown, identified by Latin inscriptions ("tituli") on the rim above and in the image field, can be read in chronological sequence:
Except for the last two the scenes are separated by trees which are stylised in typical Romanesque fashion, but whose leaf shapes are all different. A continuous undulating ground-line runs all round the basin. Other inscriptions run round the top and bottom rims of the basin. While the baptism of Jesus is very commonly depicted in Early Medieval art, those of the other figures are very rare subjects indeed, and this unusually elaborate and learned programme was no doubt composed with clerical assistance. It does not reflect Byzantine iconographic precedents; instead it matches closely the interest in typology and allegory, of which the influential contemporary Liège-born theologian Rupert of Deutz was a particular exponent (though Rupert was also a particular opponent of the bishop at the time, Otbert of Liège, who took the Emperor's side in the Investiture Controversy). The head of God the Father that appears at the top of the "Baptism of Christ" (identified as PATER) is an early appearance of God the Father in Western art; a Hand of God, more typical of the period, appears in the baptism scenes of Cornelius and Craton.
The baptismal font in the little village of Furnaux (Mettet), relatively far from Liège but at that time in the same diocese, has the same theological background linking Rupert de Deutz's theological vision where the Old Testament and New Testament are closely linked.

</doc>
<doc id="21482683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482683" title="1927 Frankford Yellow Jackets season">
1927 Frankford Yellow Jackets season

The 1927 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their fourth in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 14–1–2, winning only six league games to finish in seventh place in the league standings.

</doc>
<doc id="21482702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482702" title="Order of Civil Merit (France)">
Order of Civil Merit (France)

The Ordre du Mérite civil (Order of Civil Merit) of France was created on 14 October 1957 to reward individuals who have rendered services reported to the state as part of the Ministry of Interior, or to departments, municipalities and public institutions. The order is managed by the Interior minister, assisted by a Council of the Order. 
The Order was deprecated by decree on 3 December 1963, and superseded by the Ordre national du Mérite. Extant members may continue to display their decorations.
Classes.
The Order has three classes:

</doc>
<doc id="21482707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482707" title="Kevin Williams (defensive back)">
Kevin Williams (defensive back)

Kevin L. Williams (born August 4, 1975 in Pine Bluff, Arkansas) is a former professional American football defensive back in the National Football League. He played four seasons for the New York Jets, the Miami Dolphins, and the Houston Texans.

</doc>
<doc id="21482713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482713" title="Dirk Bremser">
Dirk Bremser

Dirk Bremser (born 1 October 1965 in Bochum) is a German football coach and a former player.
Career.
He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with MSV Duisburg and Bayer Uerdingen.
Coaching career.
In the 2006–07 he was a caretaker manager for Alemannia Aachen for a few days, coaching them in the DFB-Pokal game against Chemnitzer FC.

</doc>
<doc id="21482733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482733" title="Todd Rohal">
Todd Rohal

Todd Rohal is an American independent filmmaker. His feature films include 2014's ABCs of Death 2, 2011's "The Catechism Cataclysm", and 2006's "The Guatemalan Handshake". He is also responsible for the short films "Single Spaced" (1997), "Slug 660" (1998), "Knuckleface Jones" (1999), "Hillbilly Robot" (2001), and Rat Pack Rat (2014). "Single Spaced" and "Knuckleface Jones" both feature actress Piper Perabo, a college friend of Rohal.
He won the Jury Special Award for Best Film for "The Guatemalan Handshake" at the Slamdance Film Festival in 2006. In 2014, he won "Special Jury Award for Unique Vision" at 2014 Sundance Film Festival for his short film Rat Pack Rat.
Rohal attended filmmaking classes at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="21482736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482736" title="1956 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1956 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1956 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1956. The team's head football coach was Bus Mertes, in his second year at the helm of the Wildcats. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. The Wildcats finished the season with a 3-7 record with a 2-4 record in conference play. They finished tied for 5th place in the Big 7. The Wildcats scored 110 points and gave up 192 points.

</doc>
<doc id="21482737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482737" title="Lamar Campbell">
Lamar Campbell

Lamar Christopher Campbell (born August 29, 1976 in Chester, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Detroit Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="21482762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482762" title="Michael Ball (American football)">
Michael Ball (American football)

Michael Ball, Jr. is a former professional American football player who played safety for six seasons for the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="21482769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482769" title="Nathaniel Ingelo">
Nathaniel Ingelo

Nathaniel Ingelo (c.1621-1683) was an English clergyman, writer and musician, best known for the allegorical romance "Bentivolio and Urania" (1660 and 1664).
Life.
He graduated M.A. at Edinburgh, and then was incorporated at the University of Cambridge. He was made a Fellow of Queen's College, Cambridge by Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Manchester and parliamentary visitors; he was Fellow there from 1644 to 1646. At Cambridge, he met and admired the Cambridge Platonist Henry More: "Bentivolio and Urania" is influenced by his thought. He was unsuccessful as minister to the Independent congregation at Broadmead, Bristol, who found his taste in clothes too loud and disapproved of the church music which was his passion. He then became a Fellow of Eton College in 1650.
He went as chaplain on Bulstrode Whitelocke's 1653 embassy to Sweden. On that occasion Andrew Marvell addressed a Latin poem to him. Marvell was a friend from Eton. where he was tutoring William Dutton, ward to Oliver Cromwell. The poem was actually intended for Queen Christina of Sweden, and was duly presented to her by Whitelocke. Ingelo himself performed music by Benjamin Rogers for the Queen.
He became rector of Piddlehinton, Dorset, where he had the living from 1671 to 1677. He was Rede Lecturer in 1676. 
John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester mentions Ingelo (as well as Richard Sibbes and Simon Patrick) in his poem "A Satyr against Reason and Mankind".
Works.
His text “We sing to him whose wisdom form'd the ear” was set to music by Henry Purcell.

</doc>
<doc id="21482797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482797" title="Walkampf">
Walkampf

"Walkampf" ("Whale struggle") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the second single and the thirteenth track from the album "Zurück zum Glück". The title is a pun on the word "Wahlkampf", which means "election campaign" in German.
The song is about a dream by the narrator, where he finds a whale on a beach and struggles to try and push it back to the water, but doesn't have enough strength for that. All the time, he hears the waves, the sun shouting: "Push the whale back in the sea", which pressures him. He hopes to get help from a Greenpeace ship he sees, but right before his eyes, it sinks. The next day he has sore muscles and gets under the shower but then his girlfriend urges him to "push the whale back in the sea" and on it goes.
The song opens with a slow ukulele tune, progresses into a more aggressive punk style during the 2nd verse, with the bridge between the 2nd and third verse being overlaid with a background singer giving it a more surf rock style similar to a song by the Beach Boys, and the final verse and final chorus is accompanied by bagpipes, with the background singer returning at the very tail end of the song.
Music video.
The music video was directed and drawn by Andreas Hykade. It entirely illustrates the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="21482819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482819" title="China–Papua New Guinea relations">
China–Papua New Guinea relations

The Independent State of Papua New Guinea and China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations in 1976, soon after Papua New Guinea became independent. The two countries currently maintain diplomatic, economic and, to a lesser degree, military relations. Relations are cordial; China is a significant provider of both investments and development aid to Papua New Guinea.
The current Ambassador of Papua New Guinea in China is Max Rai. The current Ambassador of China in Papua New Guinea is Wei Ruixing.
Context.
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the "Taipei Times" described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
History and current situation.
Like other Pacific countries, Papua New Guinea has been courted by both Beijing and Taipei. It remained unambiguously aligned with Beijing until 1999. In the first decade of the twenty-first century, the possibility of formal ties between Port Moresby and Taipei has prompted the People's Republic of China to significantly strengthen its relations with PNG.
In 1999, the government of Papua New Guinean Prime Minister Bill Skate briefly recognised Taiwan. Skate lost power less than a week later, and Papua New Guinea's diplomatic recognition reverted to China.
In 2003, the PRC's embassy in Port Moresby published a statement of concern in reaction to comments in the Papua New Guinean press questioning the justification for PNG's relations with the People's Republic. The embassy statement insisted that relations between the two countries were mutually beneficial, reasserted the PRC's claims to Taiwan, and concluded: "It is our sincere hope that the local media will report on China and its relations with PNG in a just and objective way, so as to further enhance the mutual understanding and friendship between the peoples of our two countries."
In July 2003, PNG Governor General Sir Silas Atopare visited the PRC, re-affirmed his country's adherence to the "One China" policy, and, according to a statement published by the PRC's embassy, "thankthe government and the people of China for their commitment in providing aid to PNG's development".
In May 2008, Taiwan's Foreign Minister James Huang resigned, along with two other top officials, after wasting over €19 million in a failed attempt to win diplomatic recognition for the Republic of China from Papua New Guinea. The misuse of the money caused public outrage, forcing Huang's resignation. Papua New Guinea's foreign minister Sam Abal subsequently confirmed that his country had no intention of recognising Taiwan.
A few days later, it was announced that members of the Papua New Guinea Defence Force would receive training provided by the PRC. Traditionally, military training aid in Papua New Guinea had been provided by Western countries, namely, Australia, New Zealand and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21482844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482844" title="Ryszard Wolny">
Ryszard Wolny

Ryszard Wolny (born 24 March 1969 in Racibórz) is a Polish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Wolny has competed in five Olympics, from 1988 to 2004. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta where he received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class.

</doc>
<doc id="21482860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482860" title="Auenbrugger's sign">
Auenbrugger's sign

Auenbrugger's sign is a bulging of the epigastrium seen in cases of severe pericardial effusion. It is named after Joseph Leopold Auenbrugger.

</doc>
<doc id="21482902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482902" title="Hatchet for the Honeymoon">
Hatchet for the Honeymoon

Hatchet for the Honeymoon (Italian: Il rosso segno della follia / "The Red Mark of Madness"); also known as Blood Brides and An Axe for the Honeymoon) is a 1970 Italian giallo film directed by Mario Bava and starring Stephen Forsyth, Dagmar Lassander and Laura Betti.
Plot.
The film is about a series of murders committed by a sexually charismatic but impotent man who owns a bridal shop. Alienated from his wife because of his failure to consummate the marriage, he kills women dressed in his bridal gowns. He disposes of the bodies in an incinerator. The police suspect him, but have no evidence. After he eventually kills his wife, her ghost appears and informs him that she will never leave his side - and will be visible to everyone "but" him. At a nightclub he tries to pick up a woman, but he she rejects him when she sees his wife's ghost by his side.
Attracted to one woman, Helen, he tries to resist her, but eventually takes her to his bridal room. While there, his inner struggle comes to a head, and it is revealed that in childhood he murdered his own mother to stop her from marrying again. Helen fights him off, and the police enter. As he is taken away, his wife's ghost reappears and tells him that now she will only be seen by him, and they will be together forever.
Critical reaction.
AllMovie called it "not the best of Mario Bava's work", but "a must see for those who love the genre and admire stylish horror films."
Although the film does not have enough reviews for a Rotten Tomatoes rating, the site records two positive and two negative reviews from critics.
Tim Lucas, author of the critical biography "Mario Bava: All the Colors of the Dark", calls "Hatchet For the Honeymoon" "Mario Bava's most personal horror movie" and states "Time has shown the film, initially misunderstood and considered one of Bava's lesser works, to be startlingly prescient, pointing the way for Mary Harron's film of Bret Easton Ellis' "American Psycho" in particular."

</doc>
<doc id="21482905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482905" title="Riga Central Station">
Riga Central Station

Riga Central Station ( is the name of the main railway station and the surrounding district in Riga city center. It is known as the main point of Riga due to its location near Central Station, and most forms of public transport stop in this area. Central Station is bigger than just the square in front of the station; it includes shops, public transport stops and various buildings.
History.
The station was built in 1861 with the project of architect Johann Felsko. It was expanded in 1885 following the project of G. Shel. Two stations were running in 19th century — one to Daugavpils and other towards Jūrmala. They were joined and reconstructed in 1914 and functioned until the 1960s. In 1960 the first station building was opened and in 1965 — a second one. During the years, the station saw many reconstructions.
Shops.
There are two supermarkets, Stockmann and Origo.
Cinema.
The largest cinema, Forum cinemas, is located near the Central Station.
Eating.
In the Central station building on the first floor there is Rimi supermarket. In station there are a lot of popular restaurants such as "Čili pica", Hesburger etc. Opposite the Central Station there is a McDonald's restaurant.
Public transport.
There are many stops at this location. The main stop is the railway station, Riga Central Station, which operates all passenger trains within Latvia. Most public transport stops are situated in the nearby street which is called Merķeļa Street. Buses and trolleybuses stop here.

</doc>
<doc id="21482925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482925" title="Frank Geideck">
Frank Geideck

Frank Geideck (born 2 April 1967 in Bielefeld) is a German football coach and a former player. As of June 2013, he is an assistant manager with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

</doc>
<doc id="21482931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482931" title="Permian Basin (Europe)">
Permian Basin (Europe)

The European Permian Basin is a thick sequence of sedimentary rocks deposited in a large sedimentary basin during the Permian period in North Europe. The basin underlies northern Poland, northern Germany, Denmark, the Netherlands and under a significant portion of the North Sea to Scotland. A major natural gas discovery was made in the Rotliegend Formation at Schlochteren, Netherlands in 1959. The Rotliegend is the lower portion of the Permian sequence and consists of over of sandstones and evaporites. It is overlain by thick sequence of evaporites known as the Zechstein Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21482937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482937" title="Marshall Library of Economics">
Marshall Library of Economics

The Marshall Library of Economics at Cambridge University is the outgrowth of a Moral Sciences Library begun in 1885 by Professor Alfred Marshall and Professor Henry Sidgwick, consisting largely of their own books and housed in the School of Divinity.
Upon his death in 1924, Professor Marshall bequeathed much of his personal library to Cambridge. In his honour, the expanded collection was named "The Marshall Library of Economics", and moved to larger quarters on Downing Street. In 1935, it took over the former Squire Law Library, and in the early 1960s relocated once again to its present home in Sidgwick Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="21482963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482963" title="UC-28">
UC-28

UC-28 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21482969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482969" title="Alles wird vorübergehen">
Alles wird vorübergehen

"Alles wird vorübergehen" ("Everything will go by") is a song by German band Die Toten Hosen. It's the third single and the fifth track from the album "Zurück zum Glück".
The song is about how every feeling and everything will fade away with time, good or bad; and that one should really be happy about the present when everything's still fine.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Paul Shyvers. It contains live footage.

</doc>
<doc id="21482982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482982" title="Stephen Cheeke">
Stephen Cheeke

Stephen Cheeke is an author and senior lecturer in English at the University of Bristol. He attended Kings of Wessex School with comedian Richard Herring,
and then went on to read English at the University of Cambridge, where he formed half of a stand-up double-act, "God and Jesus", with Simon Munnery. Since his appointment as lecturer at Bristol in 1994, Cheeke has published articles on Shelley, Byron, and Romanticism. In 2007, he was awarded the Keats-Shelley Association of America's essay prize.
Cheeke's publications include "Byron and Place: History, Translation, Nostalgia",
and "Writing for Art: The Aesthetics of Ekphrasis."
Renowned amongst Bristol students for his entertaining and insightful lectures, Cheeke even has his own fan club on Facebook: the "Stephen Cheeke Appreciation Society".

</doc>
<doc id="21482991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482991" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Wednesday 14 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21482996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482996" title="China–Samoa relations">
China–Samoa relations

Samoa and China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations in 1976. The two countries currently maintain cordial relations; China provides economic aid to Samoa.
The current Ambassador of China in Samoa is Ma Chongren. Samoa has not yet appointed resident diplomatic personnel in China, but has announced its intention to do so.
Context.
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the "Taipei Times" described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
Current relations.
Samoa has consistently recognised the People's Republic of China since 1976.
In 2007, the PRC provided Samoa with an x-ray machine and several volunteer doctors. In 2008, the PRC donated over €1,360,000 to Samoa to fund its education policies.
In March 2008, following unrest in Tibet, the speaker of the Samoan Fono (legislative assembly), Tolofuaivalelei Falemoe Leiataua, stated that foreign leaders should not interfere with China as it deals with "internal affairs", and that they should not meet the Dalai Lama.
In June 2008, Samoa announced it would be opening diplomatic missions in China and Japan - the country's first diplomatic offices in Asia. In September, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement indicating that China and Samoa have always "conducted fruitful cooperation in the fields of economy, trade, agriculture, sports, culture, education and health, as well as international affairs", and that China intended to "make more tangible efforts to support Samoa's economic and social development".

</doc>
<doc id="21482999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21482999" title="Delta L">
Delta L

The Delta L, Thor-Delta L, or Thrust-Augmented Long Tank Thor-Delta was a US expendable launch system used to launch the Pioneer E and TETR satellites in 1969 (failed) and HEOS satellite in 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The Delta L was a three stage rocket. The first stage was a Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, augmented by three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters. The second stage was the Delta E. An FW-1D solid rocket motor was used as the third stage.
The first launch of the Delta L occurred on 27 August 1969, from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket's hydraulics system malfunctioned, and 383 seconds after launch the Range Safety Officer activated the self-destruct system. Neither the Pioneer E nor the TETR payloads achieved orbit. The second, and final, Delta L launch was from Space Launch Complex 2E at the Vandenberg Air Force Base, on 31 January 1972. It successfully placed the HEOS-2 satellite into a highly elliptical orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21483003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483003" title="Panther Creek High School">
Panther Creek High School

Panther Creek High School may refer to the following schools in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="21483030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483030" title="Sharks Sports and Entertainment">
Sharks Sports and Entertainment

Sharks Sports and Entertainment, Inc. is a privately held corporation based in San Jose, California, which owns and operates a number of sports properties, most notably the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League. The company was established in 2000 as Silicon Valley Sports and Entertainment by Sharks owners Gordon and George Gund III to manage the business operations of the team, San Jose Arena (now SAP Center at San Jose) and the events held at the arena. SVSE was among the assets purchased by San Jose Sports & Entertainment Enterprises when it bought the team and related properties from the Gund brothers in 2002, and became a subsidiary of SJSE as a result of the purchase. The company was renamed Sharks Sports and Entertainment on August 24, 2011.
Current properties.
SSE's main business is operating the San Jose Sharks franchise as well managing select events held at SAP Center at San Jose, the team's home arena. Within San Francisco Bay Area, the company also operates ice rink facilities in San Jose, Oakland, Fremont under the branding "Sharks Ice". and the Worcester Sharks of the AHL 
SSE also operated San Jose-based mixed martial arts organization Strikeforce prior to its purchase by Zuffa in 2011.
Outside of California, SSE operates the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships tennis tournament held in Memphis, Tennessee as well as the Racquet Club of Memphis, the venue for the tournament. The company also operates the Worcester, Massachusetts-based Worcester Sharks ice hockey team, which serves as the farm club of the San Jose Sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="21483047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483047" title="Battle of Ceva">
Battle of Ceva

In the Battle of Ceva on 16 April 1796, troops of the First French Republic under Pierre Augereau fought against part of the army of the Kingdom of Sardinia-Piedmont led by General Giuseppe Felice, Count Vital. Augereau assaulted the strong defensive position without success. At the direction of the Sardinian army commander, Feldmarschal-Leutnant Michelangelo Colli, Vital withdrew on the 17th in order to avoid being trapped by a second French division.
Campaign.
Operations.
The Montenotte Campaign began on 10 April when Feldzeugmeister Johann Beaulieu's Austrian army attacked the extreme right flank of General of Division (MG) Napoleon Bonaparte's army near Genoa. Bonaparte launched a successful counterattack on 12 April at the Battle of Montenotte. On 13 April, MG Augereau's reinforced division defeated part of Colli's Sardinian army at the Battle of Millesimo. In the Second Battle of Dego on 14 and 15 April, the Austrians were defeated again. While Beaulieu reorganized his badly shaken army at Acqui Terme to the northeast, Bonaparte prepared to increase the separation between the Piedmontese from their Austrian allies by driving Colli farther to the west.
On 15 April, Colli assembled a force on high ground at Montezemolo in order to cover the fortress of Ceva. Meanwhile, MG Jean Sérurier's division advanced from Ormea north toward Ceva along the Tanaro River valley. Fearing he might be cut off from Ceva, the Piedmontese commander fell back to the fortress. Marching from the east, Augereau occupied Montezemolo early on 16 April, then his division moved north and west in an attempt to outflank Ceva.
Forces.
See the Montenotte 1796 Campaign Order of Battle for a list of French, Austrian, and Sardinian units and organizations.
Battle.
In 1796, the fortress loomed over the north side of Ceva. The Sardinians deployed atop a ridge that runs from the fortress north about seven kilometers to the hamlet of La Pedaggera, where the modern SP 661 and SP 32 intersect. Sardinian and Austrian engineers had fortified the ridge, which overlooks the Bovina stream, with a series of redoubts. General Brempt held the north end of the line with several Piedmontese battalions plus the Austrian "Belgioso" Infantry Regiment # 44. Vital defended the south end of the line with nine battalions, and General Count di Tornaforte commanded the three battalions in the fortress. 
Augereau's division formed several columns under General of Brigade (BG) Martial Beyrand and BG Barthélemy Joubert. Two French columns pressed home their attacks on Brempt's left flank while one column assaulted Vital's position near Mondoni in the center. The Sardinians repelled all attacks on the ridge.
That evening Sérurier camped within sight of Ceva, threatening to turn the southern flank of the Sardinian line. On the northern flank, Brempt reported that he might be cut off if attacked again. Though they had won a defensive success, the mood of the Piedmontese generals was gloomy and they recommended a retreat. That night, Colli held a council of war in which he decided to withdraw most of the army west behind the Corsaglia River, leaving Tornaforte with one battalion to hold Ceva fortress. Some units were sent northwest to Cherasco to prevent the French from cutting between Colli and the Piedmontese capital of Turin.
Result.
Augereau occupied the abandoned Sardinian positions on 17 April. Bonaparte decided to mask the fortress with a force under BG Jean Rusca and continue to press the Piedmontese back on Cuneo. The French lost about 600 men killed and wounded. Brempt reported a loss of 150 while Vital's casualties are unknown. The Sardinians won another rear guard action at San Michele Mondovi on 19 April. This was followed by the decisive French victory at the Battle of Mondovì on 21 April.

</doc>
<doc id="21483062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483062" title="Capon Springs Resort">
Capon Springs Resort

Capon Springs, also known as Frye's Springs and Watson Town, is a national historic district in Capon Springs, West Virginia that includes a number of resort buildings ranging in age from the mid-nineteenth century to the early 20th century. The area grew around a mineral spring discovered by Henry Frye in the 1760s, so that by 1787 the town of Watson had been established. By 1850, the 168-room Mountain House Hotel had been built, enduring until it burned in 1911. Also in 1850, the state of Virginia built Greek Revival bath pavilions and the President's House. A period of decline followed the Mountain House fire, but rebuilding began in the 1930s under the ownership of Louis Austin. The resort is still in Austin family ownership.
The resort was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
In 2013, the resort was named West Virginia's Family-Owned Business of the Year. 
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="21483072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483072" title="Kazimierz Lipień">
Kazimierz Lipień

Kazimierz Lipień (6 February 1949 in Jaczków - 13 November 2005 in New York City) was a Polish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. He is the twin brother of the Polish wrestler, Józef Lipień.
Olympics.
Lipień has competed in three Olympics, from 1972 to 1980. At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich he received a bronze medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "featherweight". At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal he won a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling (featherweight). He finished 6th in Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21483104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483104" title="Grosvenor Park">
Grosvenor Park

Grosvenor Park may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="21483107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483107" title="Stephen Francis Smith">
Stephen Francis Smith

Stephen Francis Smith (1860 or 1861, Ontario, Canada – 12 May 1928, London, England) was a Canadian chess master.
Born in Ontario, Canada, he emigrated with his family to London, England, in the mid-1870s. Following in his father's profession Smith trained as a doctor, eventually becoming a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons and a Licentiate of the Apothecaries' Society. He played in the British Chess Championship and at Hastings (1895, 1919, 1927/28) but never in the Premier. Smith won the City of London Chess Club championship in 1895 and placed second in 1905/06. He shared 6th in the London 1899 chess tournament (the Minor Tourney, Frank James Marshall won), participated in the Ostend 1907 chess tournament (C tournament), took 4th at Deal 1907 (George Alan Thomas won), tied for 10-11th at Oxford 1910 (Henry Ernest Atkins won), and tied for 6-8th at London 1910 (W. Ward won). 
During World War I, he left the British Isles for North America. He won the Vancouver Chess Club championship in the Spring of 1915, but there is no mention of there being a British Columbia championship in 1915. Smith is first mentioned as a B.C. Champion in the August 1925 edition of BCM. He challenged Sydney Gale to Canadian Chess Championship match 1920 (abandoned by Gale after +1 –1). 
Dr. Smith played in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924 as the sole representative of Canada. He was one of the 15 delegates from all over the World who signed the proclamation act of the International Chess Federation (originally known as "Fédération Internationale des Échecs", FIDE) on July 20, 1924. 

</doc>
<doc id="21483108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483108" title="Patrick Edwards">
Patrick Edwards

Patrick Michael Edwards (born October 25, 1988) is a wide receiver in American football. He is on the practice squad of the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).
Early years.
Edwards was born in Temple, Texas to Patrick Dixon and Patricia Edwards. He was raised in Hearne, Texas where he attended Hearne High School. There, he played baseball, basketball, and football and competed in track and field. In basketball, Edwards was named an All-Region and All-District player, and, in baseball, he was named an All-District player. He played football as a wide receiver, and earned first-team All-State, All-District, and All-Brazos Valley honors.
He was recruited by Baylor, Henderson State, and Houston. He chose the latter, as he had long desired to attend the school.
College career.
Edwards did not secure a scholarship, but impressed the Cougars' coaches enough in try-outs to earn a walk-on position. He sat out the 2007 season as a redshirt.
He entered the season as a starter at a wide receiver position. During the first eight games of the season, Edwards recorded 46 receptions for 634 receiving yards and four touchdowns. He compiled 100-plus yard games against Oklahoma State, East Carolina, and Southern Methodist. Against UAB, he tallied a season-long 70-yard reception.
For their eighth game of the season, Houston traveled to meet Marshall. The Thundering Herd scored first with a field goal, and never relinquished the lead. In the third quarter, Houston quarterback Blake Joseph threw a long pass into the Marshall end zone. His intended receiver, Edwards, in pursuit of the pass, ran out of the back of the end zone. Just beyond the boundary, he collided with a motorized cart. Running at full speed, Edwards' right leg impacted the object and he flipped over due to the momentum. He suffered a compound fracture of the leg. The cart was one of several that were parked just outside the field's boundary and held equipment for the Marshall band.
Houston athletic director Dave Maggard declined to comment substantively about the situation, but confirmed he would discuss the matter with Marshall officials. Edwards himself considered the burden of responsibility to be with the Conference USA officiating crew, rather than Marshall. Shortly after the incident, he said from the hospital, "They are supposed to check and see if everything is off the field."
On March 30, 2009, Edwards announced that he would return to play the 2009 season and that he intended to pursue legal action against Marshall for his injury.
He still had an extremely productive college stay, racking up 4507 yards and 43 touchdowns on 291 receptions.
In Houston's 73-34 win against the Rice Owls on October 27, 2011, Edwards had 7 receptions for 318 yards and 5 touchdowns. Edwards was named the Conference USA Offensive Player of the Year for the 2011 season.
Detroit Lions.
Edwards signed with the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent and made the 2013 team roster. He was cut by the Lions on October 14, but was signed to the Lions' practice squad two days later.

</doc>
<doc id="21483121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483121" title="Stranger-originated life insurance">
Stranger-originated life insurance

Stranger-originated life insurance ("STOLI") generally means any act, practice, or arrangement, at or prior to policy issuance, to initiate or facilitate the issuance of a life insurance policy for the intended benefit of a person who, at the time of policy origination, does not have an insurable interest in the life of the insured under the laws of the applicable state. This includes the purchase of life insurance with resources or guarantees from or through a person that, at the time of policy initiation, could not lawfully initiate the policy; an arrangement or other agreement to transfer ownership of the policy or the policy benefits to another person; or a trust or similar arrangement that is used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing one or more policies for the intended benefit of another person in a manner that violates the insurable interest laws of the state. The main characteristic of a STOLI transaction is that the insurance is purchased solely as an investment vehicle, rather than for the benefit of the policy owner's beneficiaries. STOLI arrangements are typically promoted to consumers between the age of 65 and 85.
A STOLI transaction may require the cooperation of the insured, by, for example, allowing access to the insured's medical records. The policy owner also may be paid a fee for taking out the policy.
Descriptions of STOLI arrangements may vary. They may be called "zero premium life insurance", "estate maximization plans", "no cost to the insured plans", "new issue life settlements", "high net worth settlements", or "non recourse premium finance transactions". A similar arrangement is known as Spin-Life.
Legality.
United States.
In the United States, life insurance is regulated by the states. In general, state laws require an owner of a policy to have an insurable interest in the life of the insured. A STOLI arrangement effectively circumvents the insurable interest requirement, thereby making STOLI arrangements illegal, as of July 1, 2010. They also may be considered insurance fraud, which carries both civil and criminal penalties for the parties involved.
For example, in 2011, the former New York State Insurance Department (now the New York State Department of Financial Services), U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and the Internal Revenue Service conducted an investigation that led to the arrest of eight persons, most of whom were licensed insurance agents who were recruiting elderly clients in a scam that involved STOLI. These insurance agents submitted life insurance applications on the lives of the elderly persons, and the applications contained inflated net worth information. Insurers then issued insurance policies worth millions of dollars. The elderly persons then sold or attempted to sell the policies after the two-year contestability period had expired. The insurance premiums were either paid by the insurance agents with the commissions they earned on the policies or by third party investors. Some of the insureds were paid monthly for their cooperation, while others were promised part of the profit when their policies were sold. The former wife of one of the insurance agents was charged with extortion for threatening to go to the police unless she was paid to keep quiet. She was paid $10,000.
Canada.
The trafficking of life insurance products is illegal in many Canadian provinces (the anti-trafficking provision was never enacted in Saskatchewan, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, while Quebec repealed it in 1974). 
At least one large Canadian insurer warns agents not to sell policies if the intent of the policyholder is to sell or immediately assign the policy to an unrelated third party with a non-insurable interest (other than a bank, used as collateral for a loan).
United Kingdom.
The Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom has warned its regulated firms against selling or marketing traded U.S. life insurance policies investments (TPLIs) as they are 
"high risk, toxic products", calling them highly problematic and advised UK investment firms to steer clear of them.

</doc>
<doc id="21483134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483134" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 200 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 200 metres Freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Monday 12 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21483137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483137" title="Arne Feick">
Arne Feick

Arne Feick (born 1 April 1988 in Berlin) is a German footballer playing for Arminia Bielefeld.
Career.
He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with FC Energie Cottbus and joined in 2008 FC Erzgebirge Aue. After only one season with Aue he signed on 25 June 2009 a contract with Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="21483159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483159" title="Oxford University Society of Bibliophiles">
Oxford University Society of Bibliophiles

The Oxford University Society of Bibliophiles is a book collecting and bibliophile club run by, and primarily for, students at Oxford University. It was founded in 1950 by a group of young bibliophiles headed by John Granger, Bent Juel-Jensen and R. John Rickett, and the first meeting was held in Hilary Term of 1951. For fifty years the Society held regular lectures, visits and other events during the University terms, and many of the leading bibliographers, librarians, book collectors, booksellers and other literary figures of the period spoke to the Society or hosted visits. Many of the Society's junior members went on to become prominent figures in the world of books, and some later served as senior members of the Society. One of the most influential members was John Sparrow, Warden of All Souls, who encouraged a love of books and manuscripts in a generation of students, and hosted a termly "Warden's Meeting" at which members were encouraged to bring items from their own libraries to pass round and say a few words about; the tradition of the "Warden's Meeting" continued after 1986, when the Warden himself was too ill to host the meetings and, indeed, after his death in 1992. Another of the Society's traditions was the quality of the termly programme cards, often produced by the leading printers and private presses of the age, including the Oxford and Cambridge University Presses, the Rampant Lions Press, the Samson Press, the Fantasy Press, the Kit-Cat Press, the Perpetua Press, the Incline Press, the Whittington Press, the Libanus Press, the Rocket Press, the Stanbrook Abbey Press and the Stamperia Valdonega.
After a period of difficulties and disrupted activities in the last decade of the twentieth century, the Society closed in 2000, when interest among the students had declined so far that a junior committee could no longer be formed. However, due to the efforts of a new generation of Oxford students led by Geri Della Rocca de Candal, Enrico Emanuele Prodi and Matthew Cheung Salisbury, aided by Cristina Dondi, Richard Ovenden and a few surviving members of the former Society (notably Colin Franklin and Paul W. Nash), the Oxford University Society of Bibliophiles was refounded in Trinity term 2008 and became fully active in Michaelmas term in the same year. The first termcard for the new Society was printed by the Rampant Lions Press (and was among the last jobs printed by Sebastian Carter).
The Society's device, shown opposite, was designed by Michael Harvey.

</doc>
<doc id="21483189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483189" title="1927 New York Yankees (NFL) season">
1927 New York Yankees (NFL) season

The 1927 New York Yankees season was their inaugural season in the league. The team finished 7–8–1, and finished sixth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21483190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483190" title="Fishhooks Wilderness">
Fishhooks Wilderness

Fishhooks Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the U.S. state of Arizona. It is administered by the Bureau of Land Management and is located about northwest of Safford, Arizona. It borders the San Carlos Indian Reservation.
Access.
From Safford, travel west on Highway 70 for , turn right on the Eden Road, and cross the Gila River Bridge. Turn left onto Hot Springs Road and travel along the north side of the Gila River on graded dirt county road. One mile past the wire gate across the road and just before the farm fields, turn northeast onto an unmarked dirt road and proceed straight through the junction. Ten miles from the county road is the Diamond Bar Ranch headquarters. From here, drive north for one mile (1.6 km) where the wilderness borders the road. Another road branches east at the headquarters forming the wilderness boundary after a half mile. Occasional signs mark the wilderness boundary along these two roads.
A recreation permit must be obtained from the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation before crossing reservation lands.

</doc>
<doc id="21483204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483204" title="Madonna del Prato (Bellini)">
Madonna del Prato (Bellini)

The Madonna del Prato ("Madonna of the Meadow") is a 1505 painting of the Virgin Mary and the Christ Child by Giovanni Bellini, now in the National Gallery in London. Originally painted as oil and egg tempera on wood, it was transferred to canvas in 1949, with damage in places.
It presents a medieval iconography of the Virgin of humility seated before a full and shining rural panorama, with both the devotional aspect and the landscape aspect given equal prominence. Full of small details of everyday life, this landscape contributes to the intimate and familiar tone of the two figures. The vulture in the tree also possibly symbolises death. The figures' poses invite meditation on Jesus's death and passion, recalling Pietà compositions with the dead adult Jesus in his mother's lap.

</doc>
<doc id="21483220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483220" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 400 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Thursday 15 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21483233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483233" title="Benjamin Schöckel">
Benjamin Schöckel

Benjamin Schöckel (born August 16, 1980 in Bad Neustadt an der Saale, Lower Franconia) is a German former football player.
Career.
He spent one season in the Bundesliga with FC Energie Cottbus.

</doc>
<doc id="21483242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483242" title="Press Council (UK)">
Press Council (UK)

The Press Council was a British voluntary press organisation founded under threat of statutory regulation as the General Council in 1953, with a non-binding regulatory framework. Through most of its history the Council was funded by newspaper proprietors, with the stated aim of maintaining high standards of ethics in journalism. The General Council was reformed as the Press Council in 1962, with 20 per cent lay members. In 1980 the National Union of Journalists withdrew from membership. In 1991, the Press Council was replaced by the Press Complaints Commission.
Origins: 1947–1962.
The first Royal Commission on the Press recommended in 1949 that a General Council of the Press should be formed to govern the behaviour of the print media. In response to a threat of statutory regulation, the General Council of the Press was formed in 1953, membership restricted to newspaper editors, funded by newspaper proprietors. By the time of the Second Royal Commission on the Press in 1962, the General Council had been subject to considerable criticism. The Commission's report demanded improvement, particularly the inclusion of members who were not employed by print media.
Second era: 1962–1980.
In 1962, the Press Council was formed. Twenty percent of the membership were required to be lay members, not employed by a newspaper. The Press Council published a series of guidance booklets.
However, the Press Council was criticised extensively in the Younger report on Privacy in 1973 and in the report of the Third Royal Commission on the Press, in 1977. The third Commission urged the development of a written Code of Practice. The Press Council rejected this proposal, and in 1980, the NUJ withdrew from membership on the grounds that the Council was incapable of reform.
Third era: 1980–1991.
The Press Council had lost the confidence of many in the media, and the 1980s saw what people labelled as some of the worst excesses of unethical journalism and intrusions into privacy by the tabloid press. In response to two Private Members' Bills promoting privacy laws, the government set up a committee chaired by David Calcutt QC to investigate in 1989. At the same time, under the chairmanship of Louis Blom-Cooper, the Press Council transferred its funding to the Press Standards Board of Finance and began work on the development of a written Code of Practice.
The 1990 Calcutt report recommended the setting up of a new Press Complaints Commission to replace the Press Council. The new Commission would be given 18 months to prove non-statutory self-regulation could work effectively and if it failed to do so, then a statutory system would be introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="21483250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483250" title="Freunde">
Freunde

"Freunde" ("Friends") is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the fourth single and the twelfth track from the album "Zurück zum Glück".
The song is a hymn and an ode to friendship overall.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Sven Bollinger. It shows the band walking to an empty office building, where they then perform the song. In between photos of friends are shown.

</doc>
<doc id="21483251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483251" title="Peritia">
Peritia

"Peritia: Journal of the Medieval Academy of Ireland" is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering Irish and Insular medieval studies in the context of the European Middle Ages and European medieval studies in general. The editor-in-chief is Donnchadh Ó Corráin (University College Cork). The journal is published by Brepols Publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="21483255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483255" title="Helen Jameson">
Helen Jameson

Helen Jameson (born 25 September 1963) is a former British swimmer.
She was a member of the silver medal winning British women's 4×100 m medley relay team at the 1980 Olympic Games in Moscow. She swam the backstroke leg alongside Margaret Kelly, Ann Osgerby and June Croft. She also competed in the individual 100 m and 200 m backstroke events.
Jameson also represented England at the 1982 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21483279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483279" title="China–Tonga relations">
China–Tonga relations

Tonga and China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations in 1998. The two countries maintain cordial diplomatic, economic and military relations.
Context.
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the "Taipei Times" described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
Situation of Chinese Tongans.
There were approximately three or four thousand Chinese people living in Tonga in 2001, thus comprising 3 or 4% of the total Tongan population. Chinese Tongans are Tonga's main ethnic minority group, and have been subjected to significant levels of racism, including racist violence, since the late 1990s.
In 2000, noble Tu’ivakano of Nukunuku banned all Chinese stores from his Nukunuku District. This followed alleged complaints from other shopkeepers regarding competition from local Chinese. In 2001, Tonga's Chinese community was hit by a wave of about a hundred racist assaults. The Tongan government decided not to renew the work permits of over 600 Chinese storekeepers, and admitted the decision was in response to “widespread anger at the growing presence of the storekeepers”.
In 2006, rioters caused severe damage to shops owned by Chinese-Tongans in Nukualofa.
These events have had no noticeable negative impact on Sino-Tongan relations; in response to continued Chinese development assistance in 2011, Tongan Deputy Prime Minister Samiu Vaipulu spoke of the "warm relations between two countries".
Current relations.
Tonga has consistently recognised the People's Republic of China since 1998.
In 2001, Tonga and the PRC announced their decision to strengthen their "military relations". In 2008, the PRC provided Tonga with military supplies worth over €340,000.
In the wake of riots in Nuku'alofa in 2006, China's Export-Import Bank gave Tonga a $118m loan at an interest rate of only 2% with payments now deferred until 2018. Much of it was used for construction, and paid to Chinese construction companies.
In April 2008, Tongan King George Tupou V visited China, reaffirmed his country's adherence to the "One China" policy, and, according to the Chinese State news agency Xinhua, "supported the measures adopted to handle the incident in Lhasa". King Tupou V also met Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie to "enhance exchange and cooperation between the two militaries". Xinhua stated that China and Tonga have "fruitful cooperation in politics, economy, trade, agriculture and education, and kept a sound coordination in regional and international affairs".
In June 2009, Radio Australia reported that it had "obtained a document" sent from the Chinese embassy in Tonga to the Tongan Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The embassy expressed concern about two Falun Gong members who were visiting Tonga to express their beliefs to Tongans. The Chinese authorities described them as "anti-China", and asked Tonga to take "immediate and appropriate actions" regarding a situation which might harm Sino-Tongan friendly relations. In another document Radio Australia stated it had obtained, Tonga's Secretary for Foreign Affairs instructed police and defence officials to help preserve "Tonga's good relations with China". Radio Australia reported that the two women had allegedly been questioned by Tongan immigration officials, as a result of the Chinese embassy's request.
In 2013 China gave a 60 seat Xian MA-60 airplane to Tonga's airline Real Tonga. This caused some tension between Tonga and New Zealand, because tourism dropped after the New Zealand airline Air Chathams pulled out of Tonga in order not to face subsidized competition and the New Zealand government posted a travel advisory about the safety of MA-60 airplanes.

</doc>
<doc id="21483320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483320" title="IIHF European Cup 1980">
IIHF European Cup 1980

The 1979-1980 European Cup was the fifteenth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on October 11, 1979, and finished on August 24, 1980.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who won the final group.

</doc>
<doc id="21483326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483326" title="Jeff Turcotte">
Jeff Turcotte

Jeff Turcotte (born April 24, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre who played briefly in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and Sunshine Hockey League (SuHL).
Playing career.
Turcotte played three years of junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Toronto Marlboros, including a brief stay in the British Columbia Junior Hockey League (BCJHL) with the New Westminster Royals. He turned pro near the end of the 1989–90 season, joining the Hampton Roads Admirals of the ECHL for 12 games, scoring 7 points. The next season, he moved to the SuHL to play one season for the Daytona Beach Sun Devils, where he scored 54 points in 47 games.
After retiring, Turcotte became a minor hockey coach with the California Wave. He helped guide a team that included defenceman Jonathon Blum, who became the first California-born-and-trained player to be drafted in the first round of the NHL Entry Draft (23rd overall by the Nashville Predators), to second place finishes in national Midget AAA and Bantam AAA championships, culminating in an international Bantam tournament championship in Kamloops, B.C., in 2004.
Family.
Turcotte's older brother, Alfie Turcotte, is a former National Hockey League player, drafted by the Montreal Canadiens 17th overall in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="21483339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483339" title="Rudy Ramcharan">
Rudy Ramcharan

Rudy Ramcharan is a Canadian curler from Edmonton, Alberta. He played second for three seasons for Kevin Martin from 1996-97 to 1998-99. He won a Brier as a member of the team in 1997.
Ramcharan joined the team in 1996, and became the first visible minority to win the Brier, being of West Indies descent. The team won the 1997 Labatt Brier and then finished fourth at 1997 Ford World Curling Championships. Ramcharan is one of only two visible minorities to have won the Brier, the other being Bryan Miki, who won the Brier in 2000 with Greg McAulay.
Ramcharan was replaced by Carter Rycroft on the team in 1999, and has since all but disappeared from the curling world. Much of this has to do with a bonspiel he organized in 1999, known as the "World Open Classic". It was originally going to have a purse of $250,000, but due to lack of sponsorships, it was reduced to just $25,000, and many top teams pulled out, embarrassing Ramcharan.

</doc>
<doc id="21483352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483352" title="Harry Chapman (news anchor)">
Harry Chapman (news anchor)

Harry Edwin Chapman was a news anchor at WTVF CBS (NewsChannel5) in Nashville, Tennessee for 35 years before retiring in 2006. He was a long time co-host of the midday CBS show "Talk of the Town" and still hosts "Words and Music" on NewsChannel5+.
Early life.
Chapman grew up in Hartwell, Georgia and played football at Hart County High School until a broken arm ended his playing career. He started in broadcasting during high school at WKLY in Hartwell. He then enrolled at the University of Georgia where he earned his journalism degree from the Henry W. Grady College of Journalism. While an undergraduate in Athens, he worked for Georgia Public Television and was hired by H. Randolph Holder to work at WGAU and WNGC. As a student, he was also the voice of the Redcoat Band.
Career.
In the fall of 1967, Chapman was hired straight out of the University of Georgia at WSB (AM) and WSB-FM in Atlanta, Georgia. From 1967-1971, he worked both the night shift and the early afternoon shift for the station. During this time, he traveled back to Athens, Georgia on Saturdays in the fall where he was the PA announcer at Sanford Stadium for home football games.
In 1971, Chapman was hired by WTVF (NewsChannel5) in Nashville, Tennessee. He did everything from anchor the midday report to producing documentaries. He was the entertainment reporter covering the Country Music industry in Nashville. In 1974, he teamed with Oprah Winfrey to be Nashville's first male-female anchor team. He was the co-host of "Talk of the Town", the longest running locally produced talk show in the country. He still hosts "Words and Music" on (NewsChannel5+), where he conducts personal interviews with songwriters in Music City. Chapman is on staff at Belmont University as the Director of Development and Major Gifts. He is also a contributing author for "Southern Exposure Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="21483354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483354" title="Owen Wynne (civil servant)">
Owen Wynne (civil servant)

Owen Wynne (1652-1700) was a lawyer and civil servant in the seventeenth century.
Life.
Wynne, born in 1652, was from Llechylched, Anglesey, north Wales and was part of a family that claimed descent from Hwfa ap Cynddelw, lord of Llifon in the twelfth century. Wynne was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1668 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1672. He later obtained a doctorate in law and seems to have become a member of Doctors' Commons in 1694. When the Welsh lawyer and academic Sir Leoline Jenkins – who had been the Principal of Jesus College during Wynne's time in Oxford – became Secretary of State for the Northern Department in 1680 (and later Secretary of State for the Southern Department), Wynne became his confidential secretary. Wynne continued as undersecretary to the succeeding Secretaries of State until about 1690, and was secretary to the commissioners that King James II sent to William of Orange in 1688. He has been described by one historian as "an early example of the permanent civil servant." He was warden of the Mint until 1690 and, in 1693 was secretary to the commissioners for prizes. He was the father of the lawyer and author William Wynne, who wrote "The Life of Sir Leoline Jenkins" using papers inherited from his father. Owen Wynne died in 1700.

</doc>
<doc id="21483369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483369" title="Abikusno Tjokrosujono">
Abikusno Tjokrosujono

Abikusno Tjokrosujono (also spelled Abikoesno Tjokrosoejoso, or Abikusno Cokrosuyoso, 1897 - 1968) was one of the Founding Fathers of Indonesian Independence and a signatory to the constitution. He served on the "Committee of Nine” (Panitia Sembilan) that drafted the preamble (known as the Jakarta Charter) to Indonesia's 1945 constitution. After independence, he served as the Minister of Transportation in Sukarno's first Presidential Cabinet, and also became an advisor to the Bureau of Public Works.
Tjokrosujono's younger brother was Oemar Tjokroaminoto, the first leader of Sarekat Islam. After the death of his brother on December 17, 1934, Abikusno inherited the post of leader of the Indonesian Islamic States Party (PSII). Along with Hoesni Thamrin, and Amir Sjarifoeddin, Tjokrosujoso formed the Indonesian National Political Assembly (PPKI), a united front consisting of all political parties, groups, and social organizations advocating the country's independence. The PPKI offered the Dutch colonial authorities full support in their defense against the Japanese if they were granted the right to establish a parliament under the rule of the Queen of the Netherlands. The Dutch refused the offer.
During the Japanese occupation, Tjokrosoejoso was a key figure in Masjumi.

</doc>
<doc id="21483373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483373" title="Jurdan Martitegi">
Jurdan Martitegi

Jurdan Martitegi Lizaso (born May 10, 1980 in Durango, Vizcaya) is a member of the armed Basque nationalist and separatist group Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA). He is best known as the head of the military/commando unit of the group since late 2008 until April 18, 2009, when he was arrested by French police. He is considered to be one of the most dangerous members of ETA, considered a terrorist organization by the European Union, with police describing him as "extremely violent".
He gained prominence in the military section of ETA by leading the 'commando Vizcaya' (Biscay Command) after the 2006 cesasfire along with Arkaitz Goikoetxea and rose to the highest level of ETA's military leadership following the December 2008 arrest of Aitzol Iriondo alias "Gurbita" who had replaced Miguel de Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina alias "Txeroki", arrested less than a month before.
ETA activity.
Kale borroka.
Before joining ETA, Jurdan Martitegi had a wide record of kale borroka acts. On February 12, 1998 he presented himself in front of Baltasar Garzón, after being accused of several street violence acts during 1997. He was shortly released but later accused of taking part in a molotov attack against an Ertzaintza police station in Amorebieta. In 2000 he was arrested after attacking a concessionaire in Iurreta and a bank and Guardia Civil barracks in Galdakao, in which a policeman was wounded. He was arrested again on March 5, 2001 after placing an explosive at the Durango courts and spent some time at the Alcalá Meco and Daroca prisons.
Comando member.
Martitegi is believed to have joined ETA after he was released from prison. He left his Durango home in 2006 after he knew police were searching him. He joined the 'commando Vizcaya' after the 2006 ceasefire and carried several attacks along with Arkaitz Goikoetxea, including the bombing of Civil Guard's cuartel in Durango on August 24, 2007, a bomb attack in front of a courthouse in Sestao on December 16, 2007, a car bomb explosion outside a Guardia Civil barracks in Calahorra, Rioja on March 21, 2008 and a van bomb placed in front of a Guardia Civil barracks at Legutiano, Álava, which killed one policeman, Juan Manuel Piñuel Villalón, and injured four. He is also believed to have carried a failed attack outside Getxo courthouse on November 11, 2007. According to police he's the main suspect of killing Spanish Socialist Workers' Party councilior Isaías Carrasco on March 7, 2008 as eyewitnesses described the killer as a 'tall man', a description which fits with Martitegi's two meters height.
Jurdan Martitegi carried all of the attacks along with his fellow partner Arkaitz Goikoetxea, who was arrested on July 22, 2008 after Spanish police dismantled the Vizcaya cell. Martitegi was able to escape before police arrested nine other suspects. 
Police reported that Martitegi and Txeroki had trained several ETA members of the Nafarroa cell in Hendaia during 2008. Four days after this cell was arrested, on October 30, ETA bombed the University of Navarra, injuring up to twenty-one persons.
Military chief.
In early 2009, Spanish press revealed that ETA's current top leaders Juan Cruz Maiztegui Bengoa, 63, alias "Pastor" and José Luis Eciolaza Galán alias "Dienteputo" had entrusted Martitegi to quickly reorganize the commandos and make them ready to commit 'deadly attacks'. Some days later, Spanish police confirmed that ETA had restructured its commandos and that Martitegi would be leading them along with his lieutenant "Andoni Sarasola" and ETA member "Iurgi Mendinueta". Martitegi has already asked his commandos to carry quick attacks, always with car bombs.
Since his work as a military chief ETA has already carried several attacks (see List of ETA attacks in 2009), including the bombing of the Basque television in Bilbao on December 31, 2008 and a van bomb in Madrid on February 8, 2009 which led police to think that ETA has established its first cell in Madrid for about six years.
In February 2009, "El Confidencial" revealed that police were afraid that Martitegi would try to carry a "very big attack" to vindicate himself to ETA leaders. Police also warned that ETA's goal was to kill ertzainas during the Basque elections campaign.
Although he officially controlled all of ETA's cells, Martitegi had problems moving in public due to his high stature of more than 1.90 meters, which made him easily detectable.

</doc>
<doc id="21483392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483392" title="Ridgemont Equity Partners">
Ridgemont Equity Partners

Ridgemont Equity Partners is a private equity firm focused on making investments in middle-market companies in the U.S. within certain industries such as basic industrial, energy, healthcare, telecommunications, media and technology. The firm focuses on investments of US$25 million to US$75 million.
Prior to forming Ridgemont in 2010, the team previously had been known as BAML Capital Partners, and prior to that Bank of America Capital Investors. Since 1993, Ridgemont and its predecessors have invested over US$3 billion of equity capital.
The firm is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Predecessors.
Ridgemont Equity Partners completed a spinout from Bank of America in 2010, prior to which it was known as BAML Capital Partners. In turn, BAML Capital Partners traced its roots back to 1993 with the formation of Bank of America Capital Investors. 
from 2009 through 2010, BAML Capital Partners was the private equity and mezzanine investment unit of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. BAML Capital Partners was formed in 2009 following the merger of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch from the combination of each bank's respective private equity units: Bank of America Capital Investors (BACI) and Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity (MLGPE).
Following the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America, MLGPE ceased making new investments. Bank of America Capital Investors, a private equity division of Bank of America has historically made much smaller investments than MLGPE. The two units were integrated in early 2009 with the elimination of much of the MLGPE team.
Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity.
Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity (MLGPE) was the private equity investment arm of Merrill Lynch, prior to its merger with Bank of America. The MLGPE business was focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments across a range of industries. MLGPE was among the most active investment banking sponsored merchant banking programs in the mid-2000s buyout boom.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 1996. Since inception, MLGPE has invested more than US$5 billion of capital across more 30 companies. 
Among the group's most notable investments are some of the largest leveraged buyout transactions of the last decade including The Hertz Corporation, Hospital Corporation of America, Debenhams and Rexel.

</doc>
<doc id="21483394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483394" title="International Simulation and Gaming Association">
International Simulation and Gaming Association

The International Simulation and Gaming Association (ISAGA) is an international organization for scientists and practitioners who develop and use simulation, gaming (in the meaning of learning games) and related methodologies: role-play, structured experiences, policy exercises, computer simulation, play, virtual reality, game theory, debriefing, experiential learning, and active learning. Gambling is expressly excluded from the interests of the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="21483414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483414" title="Kansas City Barbeque">
Kansas City Barbeque

Kansas City Barbeque is a restaurant and bar located in the harbor district of San Diego, California. Self-proclaimed as the "Top Gun Bar", it is known for being the filming location for scenes used in the film "Top Gun".
Top Gun.
While working in San Diego, the location director for Paramount Studios visited Kansas City Barbeque for a beer. He liked the atmosphere and brought the bar to the attention of film director Tony Scott. Scott asked the owners to shut the establishment down for a day in order use the bar for shooting.
The bar was used in a scene in which Goose and Maverick (played by Anthony Edwards and Tom Cruise, respectively) belt out "Great Balls of Fire" while seated at the piano. The now famous line by Meg Ryan, "Goose, you big stuuuuuud! Take me to bed now or lose me forever!" was uttered in the dining area of Kansas City Barbeque. The bar was also used in the final scene, where the song "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'" is heard playing on the jukebox.
Fire.
On June 26, 2008, a fire destroyed the entire building. San Diego Fire-Rescue Department spokesman, Maurice Luque, described the building as "gutted". The fire originated in an open cooking pit in the kitchen of the restaurant and eventually spread to the building's interior. No injuries were sustained and an estimated 45 firefighters were able to extinguish the fire in 20 minutes. The damage was estimated at $400,000, excluding memorabilia and props from the film.
Establishment owner and Kansas City native, Martin Blair, began planning the building's restoration the day after the fire. It took two months to clear out the rubble from the restaurant, but the bar reopened in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21483418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483418" title="Quintessence Editions">
Quintessence Editions

Quintessence Editions Ltd. is a publishing company based in London (UK) which is the originator of the "1001 Before You Die" series. Typically, the titles in this series are intended as reference books. They are illustrated books authored by multiple contributors. Quintessence is part of the Quarto Group.

</doc>
<doc id="21483458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483458" title="Continuous auditing">
Continuous auditing

Continuous auditing is an automatic method used to perform auditing activities, such as control and risk assessments, on a more frequent basis. Technology plays a key role in continuous audit activities by helping to automate the identification of exceptions or anomalies, analyze patterns within the digits of key numeric fields, review trends, and test controls, among other activities.
The "continuous" aspect of continuous auditing and reporting refers to the real-time or near real-time capability for financial information to be checked and shared. Not only does it indicate that the integrity of information can be evaluated at any given point of time, it also means that the information is able to be verified constantly for errors, fraud, and inefficiencies. It is the most detailed audit.
Each instance of continuous auditing has its own pulse. The time frame selected for evaluation depends largely on the frequency of updates within the accounting information systems. Analysis of the data may be performed continuously, hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, etc. depending on the nature of the underlying business cycle for a given assertion.
Background.
The objective of financial reporting is to provide information that is useful to management and stakeholders for resource allocation decisions. For financial information to be useful, it should be timely and free from material errors, omissions, and fraud. In the real time economy, timely and reliable financial information is critical for day-to-day business decisions regarding strategic planning, capital acquisition, credit decisions, supplier partnerships, and so forth. Advances in accounting information systems such as the advent of enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems have enabled the generation of real time information. However, the practice of traditional auditing has not kept pace with the real time economy. Traditional manual audit procedures are labor and time intensive, which limits audit frequency to a periodic basis, such as annually.
These time and effort constraints can be alleviated through the use of technology and automation. Continuous auditing enhances the delivery of auditing services by making the audit process more efficient and effective through the use of technology and automation. The increased efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process enables more frequent or real time audits and hence enhances the reliability of the underlying information.
History of continuous auditing.
The first application of continuous auditing was developed at AT&T Bell Laboratories in 1989. Known as a continuous process auditing system (CPAS), the system developed by Vasarhelyi and Halper provided measurement, monitoring, and analysis of the company's billing information. Here key concepts such as metrics, analytics, and alarms pertaining to financial information were also introduced.
Components of continuous auditing.
Continuous auditing is made up of three main parts: continuous data assurance (CDA), continuous controls monitoring (CCM), and continuous risk monitoring and assessment (CRMA).
Continuous Data Assurance.
Continuous data assurance verifies the integrity of data flowing through the information systems. Continuous data assurance uses software to extract data from IT systems for analysis at the transactional level to provide more detailed assurance. CDA systems provide the ability to design expectation models for analytical procedures at the business-process level, as opposed to the current practice of relying on ratio or trend analysis at higher levels of data aggregation. CDA software can continuously and automatically monitor transactions, comparing their generic characteristics with predetermined benchmarks, thereby identifying anomalous situations. When significant discrepancies occur, alarms are triggered and routed to appropriate stakeholders and auditors.
Continuous Controls Monitoring.
Continuous controls monitoring consists of a set of procedures used for monitoring the functionality of internal controls. CCM relies on automatic procedures, presuming that both the controls themselves and the monitoring procedures are formal or able to be formalized. CCM can be used for monitoring access control and authorizations, system configurations, and business process settings.
CDA and CCM are complementary processes. Neither process is self-sufficient or comprehensive. Even if no data faults are found it cannot be concluded that controls are fail-safe. Further, even if controls are being implemented, data integrity cannot be assumed. When combined, however, these monitoring approaches present a more complete reliance picture.
Continuous Risk Monitoring and Assessment.
Continuous risk monitoring and assessment is used to dynamically measure risk and provide input for audit planning. CRMA is a real-time integrated risk assessment approach, aggregating data across different functional tasks in organizations to assess risk exposures and provide reasonable assurance on the firms’ risk assessments.
Black Box Logging.
In addition to the aforementioned three components, the black box audit log file is also an important part of continuous auditing. This file can be viewed as an extension of the existing practice of documenting audit activities in manual or automated work papers. A black box log file is a read-only, third-party controlled record of the actions of auditors. The objective of black box logging is to protect a continuous auditing system against auditor and management manipulations.
Continuous reporting.
Continuous reporting is the release of financial and non-financial information on a real-time or near real-time basis. The purpose of continuous reporting is to allow external parties access to information as underlying events take place, rather than waiting for end of period reports. The adoption of XBRL by companies makes the release of continuous reporting information more feasible. Continuous reporting also benefits users under Regulation Fair Disclosure.
Continuous reporting is a point of constant debate. Some parties, including analysts and investors, are interested in knowing how a company is doing at a given point in time. They argue that near real-time information would provide them with the ability to take advantage of important business moves as they happen. However, opponents are skeptical of how the raw information can be useful and fear information overload, or that there would be too much irrelevant information out there. Additionally, some companies are fearful that continuously reported financial information would give away important strategic moves and undermine competitive advantage.
Implementation of continuous auditing.
Generally, the implementation of continuous auditing consists of six procedural steps, which are usually administered by a continuous audit manager. Knowing about these steps will enable auditors to better monitor the continuous audit process and provide recommendations for its improvement, if needed. These steps include:
This entails choosing which organizational areas to audit. When performing the actions listed above, auditors need to consider the key objectives from each audit procedure. Objectives can be classified as one of four types: detective, deterrent (also known as preventive), financial, and compliance. A particular audit priority area may satisfy any one of these four objectives.
The second step consists of determining the rules or analytics that will guide the continuous audit activity, which need to be programmed, repeated frequently, and reconfigured when needed. In addition, monitoring and audit rules must take into consideration legal and environmental issues, as well as the objectives of the particular process.
Although the process is called continuous auditing, the word continuous is in the eye of the beholder. Auditors need to consider the natural rhythm of the process being audited, including the timing of computer and business processes as well as the timing and availability of auditors trained or with experience in continuous auditing.
Rules used in each audit area need to be configured before the continuous audit procedure (CAP) is implemented. In addition, the frequency of each parameter might need to be changed after its initial setup based on changes stemming from the activity being audited. When defining a CAP, auditors should consider the costs and benefits of error detection as well as audit and management follow-up activities.
Another type of parameter relates to the treatment of alarms and detected errors. Questions such as who will receive the alarm (e.g., line managers, internal auditors, or both ― usually the alarm is sent to the process manager, the manager's immediate supervisor, or the auditor in charge of that CAP) and when the follow-up activity must be completed, need to be addressed when establishing the continuous audit process.
A final item to be considered is how to communicate with auditees. When informing auditees of continuous audit activity results, it is important for the exchange to be independent and consistent.
Demand.
Demand for continuous auditing has come from a variety of sources, primarily user-driven requirements. External disclosure, internal drivers, laws and regulation, and technology all play important roles in pushing up demand.
External disclosure.
More frequent disclosure will drive the nature of the audit process. This increase improves the quality of earnings while reducing manager aggressiveness and decreasing stock market volatility.
Internal drivers.
As companies have become more integrated within their own departments and with other companies, such as suppliers and retailers, a desire for data integrity throughout the electronic data exchange process is also driving demand for continuous auditing.
Laws and regulation.
Laws and regulation require activities and ways a company followed in order to achieve a specific goal to be monitored. Under such laws and regulation company commenced for continuous auditing.
Technology.
XBRL.
XBRL facilitates the development of continuous auditing modules by providing a way for systems to understand the meaning of tagged data. Proper use of XBRL assures that relevant data gathered from multiple sources is easily comparable and analyzable. XBRL is a derivative of the XML file format, which tags data with contextual and hierarchical information. It is expected that many enterprise resource planning systems will provide data in the XBRL-GL format to facilitate machine readability.
Security.
Because of the nature of the information passing through continuous auditing systems, security and privacy issues are also being addressed. Data assurance techniques, as well as access control mechanisms and policies are being implemented into CA systems to prevent unauthorized access and manipulation, and CCM can help test these controls.
Challenges.
For many organizations, there are a number of challenges to implementing a continuous auditing approach. The following are some common challenges with associated recommendations.
Accessing complex, diverse system environment.
Few organizations have a completely homogenous, seamless system environment. There is typically a mix of ERPs or multiple instances of one ERP, mainframe systems, off-the-shelf applications, and legacy systems - all of which may contain valuable data. Technology is available to access all of this data to gain a complete picture.
Reluctance to expand the use of technology.
Technology may be viewed as a threat to those who perceive that automation might replace jobs. A benefit of continuous auditing is that it performs routine, repetitive tasks and provides the opportunity for the more interesting exploratory work that adds far more value to the organization.
Overwhelming results.
When not properly implemented, continuous auditing can result in hundreds - even thousands - of false positives and wasted effort. Many companies that have experienced success with continuous auditing recommend that you start small. Select which area of the company poses the greatest risk and where its transactions and control systems are most important to the company for your initial foray into continuous auditing. Automate a small number of key initial tests, such as comparing your accounts payable vendor master file with the employee address file, to uncover potential policy violations or fraud. Moving forward, increase the tests and gradually expand into other business processes in stages.
Training.
Training is essential for optimum results. A number of institutions, including ACL Services Ltd., offer training on computer-aided audit techniques including continuous auditing through automation. Training can be conducted either on-site or remotely, depending on the need of companies.
Comparison to Computer-Aided Auditing.
Continuous auditing is often confused with computer-aided auditing. The purpose and scope of the two techniques, however, are quite different. Computer-aided auditing employs end user technology including spreadsheet software, such as Microsoft Excel, to allow traditional auditors to run audit-specific analyses as they conduct the periodic audit. Continuous auditing, on the other hand, involves advanced analytical tools that automate a majority of the auditing plan. Where auditors manually extract data and run their own analyses in computer-aided auditing during the course of their traditional audit, high-powered servers automatically extract and analyze data at specified intervals as a part of continuous auditing.
Application examples.
Itau Unibanco, a major full service bank in Brazil, has had a very active continuous assurance initiative since 2000. The continuous assurance program is part of the bank’s Information technology internal auditing and has over 10 people engaged in different roles in it. The CDA system currently monitors over five million customer accounts on a daily basis and sends out about six thousand alerts a month for detailed manual analysis by internal auditors.
More applications:
AT&T Bell Laboratories - The first model of continuous auditing was developed to evaluate the billing system within the company.
Hospital Corporation of America -
Hewlett-Packard-
Procter & Gamble - Analytics are used to enable advanced automation and remote auditing.
Siemens - Advanced continuous monitoring of internal controls and access to IT systems.

</doc>
<doc id="21483460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483460" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 1500 metre freestyle

The final of the men's 1500 metres freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships was held on Sunday 18 January in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21483490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483490" title="Mr. Broadway">
Mr. Broadway

Mr. Broadway is an American 13-episode CBS adventure and drama television series starring Craig Stevens as New York City public relations specialist Mike Bell. The program aired at 9 p.m. Eastern time Saturdays from September 26 to December 26, 1964. Also featured were Bell's assistant, Toki, portrayed by Lani Miyazaki, and his police contact, Hank McClure, played by Horace McMahon. "Mr. Broadway", a Talent Associates Production, was created by Garson Kanin and produced by David Susskind and Daniel Melnick. Dave Brubeck supplied the music and theme. It was shot on location in New York City.
Although `Mr. Broadway' was only aired 13 episodes, it featured some notable guest stars, including Jason Robards, Lauren Bacall, Tuesday Weld, Jill St. John, Art Carney and Liza Minnelli in her first dramatic TV role. Notable episodes include guest appearances by Liza Minnelli as Minnie in "Nightingale for Sale"; Sandy Dennis in "Don't Mention My Name in Sheboygan", and Lauren Bacall as Barbara Lake, with Martin Balsam as Nate Bannerman, in "Something to Sing About". Other episodes are "Keep an Eye on Emily" (the series' pilot) with Tuesday Weld as Emily and Oleg Cassini as himself, "Take a Walk Through a Cemetery" with Lauren Bacall, again, but also with Jason Robards, Jr., and Jill St. John, "Try to Find a Spy" with Barbara Feldon and Simon Oakland, "Between the Rats and the Finks" with Larry Hagman, Dyan Cannon, Bruce Gordon, and Patrick McVey, "The He-She Chemistry" with Tammy Grimes, "Maggie, Queen of the Jungle", with Nina Foch in the title role, "Smelling Like a Rose" with Art Carney, Hal Roach, and Tina Louise, "Bad Little Rich Girl" with Diana Van der Vlis as Mary Beth Warren and Larry Pennell as John Chambers, "Sticks and Stones May Break My Bones" with Philip Abbott as Geoffrey Karr and Lola Albright as Duff Daniels. Albright had been Stevens's co-star on "Peter Gunn", and "Pay Now, Die Later", the series finale, with David Wayne as John Zeck and John Ireland as Jimmy King. In the latter episode the wealthy Zeck hires Mike Bell to write his obituary ahead of his death. 
"Mr. Broadway" aired following the new sitcom "Gilligan's Island" and preceding the durable Western, "Gunsmoke". Its competition was the Saturday Night Movie on NBC, and the second half of "The Lawrence Welk Show" and the first half of "The Hollywood Palace" on ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="21483494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483494" title="Nuttallburg Coal Mining Complex and Town Historic District">
Nuttallburg Coal Mining Complex and Town Historic District

The Nuttallburg Coal Mining Complex and Town Historic District is located near Fayetteville, West Virginia in New River Gorge National River. The townsite is almost directly across from the Kay Moor mine and townsite, now abandoned. Like Kay Moor, the town is built around the railroad line at the bottom of the gorge, with an array of coke ovens and mining structures, as well as a bridge across the New River to South Nuttall.
Nuttallburg was closely associated with the Nuttallburg underground mine, a room and pillar mine that was sealed in 1958. The mine was established to develop the New River Coalfield in 1870 by John Nuttall, who correctly anticipated that the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad would be built through the New River Gorge. When the railroad arrived in 1873 Nuttall had built almost 100 houses, with 80 coke ovens, a variety of mine structures and a coal tipple on a railroad siding. Flat land by the river was dedicated to railroad and industrial use, leaving houses to seek perches on the hillsides. The town was racially segregated with white workers on the west side of Short Creek and black workers on the east side and between the railroad and the river. Because development stretched along both banks of the river, a pedestrian suspension bridge was built across the river by the Roebling Bridge Company in 1899.
The mines in the area were acquired by the Fordson Coal Company in the 1920s as "captive mines" to supply coal to the Ford Motor Company's River Rouge plant in Dearborn, Michigan. Ford updated many of the mines' facilities at that time. However, Fordson sold the mine to the New River Coal Corporation in 1928, possibly because railroad regulations made coal transport to Michigan too difficult.
Most of the frame structures in Nuttallburg have succumbed to weather or have been salvaged for building materials. The National Park Service acquired the town, mining complex and surrounding area from the Nuttall Estate in 1998 and incorporated it into New River Gorge National River.

</doc>
<doc id="21483513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483513" title="Ernest de Silva">
Ernest de Silva

Sir Ernest de Silva KBE (26 November 1887 – 9 May 1957) was a Ceylonese business magnate, banker, barrister and public figure, considered to be the most prominent Ceylonese philanthropist of the 20th century. A wealthy and influential polymath, he was the founder-chairman of the largest bank in Ceylon (present-day Sri Lanka), the Bank of Ceylon, the founder-governor of the State Mortgage Bank and chairman of the Ceylon All-Party committee. He made many contributions to Ceylonese society and is also considered to be the preeminent philatelist in the history of Ceylon. Upon Ceylon's independence, he was asked to become the first Ceylonese Governor General (representative of the King in Ceylon, i.e. de facto head of state), an honour he declined for personal reasons.
De Silva was at the pinnacle of upper-class society and, as the wealthiest Ceylonese of his generation, he defined the island's ruling class. His memorials describe him as highly respected for his integrity and honesty.
Formative years.
Sir Ernest de Silva was born at the "Royal Palace" to one of the most affluent families in Ceylon. His parents and grandparents were extremely wealthy and owned much land all over the country. His great-grandfather, Emans de Silva Gunasekera and his grandfather, S. D. S. Gunasekera bequeathed the properties to his father, A. E. de Silva, who later became the wealthiest businessman in Ceylon, and named his son A. E. de Silva Jr. The young heir received his education first at Royal College, Colombo, graduated subsequently from Clare College, Cambridge and was called to the bar at the Inner Temple. He was a close friend of Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru who was a classmate of his at Cambridge. The two former schoolmates met again in 1930 when Nehru arrived for a visit.
Sir Ernest de Silva's wife, Evadne who, following his knighthood, became known as Lady Evadne de Silva, was herself a prominent philanthropist and, upon independence, became one of the first women in the Senate of Ceylon. One of his daughters, Sita, married Business Magnate U. N. Gunasekera, considered to be Ceylon's most notable and influential civil engineer of the 20th century, having built many of the nation's largest buildings, including its first five star hotels, and a silent philanthropist himself.
Philanthropy.
Sir Ernest de Silva was, arguably, Ceylon's greatest philanthropist of the twentieth century, funding a vast number of charitable endeavors. Among his various projects were the building of four major schools (including Devapathiraja Vidyalaya, Dematagoda Veluvanarama Vidyalaya and Lakshmi College) and providing free education as well as scholarships to its students. Through the Devpathiraja Vidyalaya, Sir Ernest established the inaugural free Buddhist English school in the South, 23 years prior to the establishment of free education in Ceylon and therefore is sometimes referred to as the 'Grandfather of free education' for the conception and successful implementation of the notion. He and his wife, Senator Lady Evadne de Silva, funded the inaugural orphanage in Ceylon in the form of a donation of 9 acres (36,000 m2) in Katunayake.
He went on to establish Ceylon's first tuberculosis sanatorium in Kandana. Sir Ernest also donated a multi-acre cinnamon and coconut estate to cover the expenditure of the organization. He served as the President of the Ceylon National Association for the Prevention of Tuberculosis (CNAPT). Among Sir Ernest's numerous contributions to health care was the donation of the inaugural Radiology unit inclusive of the first X-ray machine in Ceylon to the National Hospital in memory of his father, A.E. de Silva Snr.
As the founder-chairman of the Bank of Ceylon, he also became the governor of the State Mortgage Bank which was established to provide financial assistance to the island's low-income earners. Among his various philanthropic acts were the establishment of the Angela Children's Home, the Parakrama Home, Children's homes in Negombo, Walana, Biyagama, Kandana and Heenatiyana, a maternity home in Bokanda, a Monastery in Salgala, a hermitage in Rajagiriya in addition to the Welisara Children's hospital and a fully constructed hospital at Wanni Athpaththu Kurunegala. He also supported the establishment of worthy charitable organizations such as the Gamini Matha Elder's home, Mallika Home and Harischandra Vidyalaya. He gave away lands, buildings and funds to numerous orphanages, hospitals, schools, social service bodies, temples and hermitages without fanfare or publicity.
Faith.
Sir Ernest de Silva was a strong Buddhist who contributed much to the advancement of Buddhism. One such instance was when he purchased an Island (Polgasduwa) in 1911 and offered it to Ven. Nanatiloke, the famous German monk, to start a hermitage for Buddhist monks. The founder-Preceptor, a reputed German Professor who had been ordained in Burma, attracted many scholars and thinkers from all parts of the world, to name a few, from Germany, France, Holland, Yugoslavia, England and the United States of America in the West to the Far East and went onto play a prominent role in the revitalization of Buddhism in the world. Sir Ernest was thus instrumental in putting Ceylon on the map of the world of philosophy and religion.
When a great disciple of the German monk, Ven. Gnanoponika, had wanted to disrobe and return to Germany to take his Jewish mother away from the Nazi hostilities, Sir Ernest had used his influence and vouched for his mother and relatives and brought them to Ceylon whereupon some resided in one of his estates.
He also built a temple along with this mother: the "Veluvanaramaya". He was the President of the YMBA (Young Men's Buddhist Association) and the Kalutara Bodhi Trust and his wife was the Inaugural President of the Ceylon Women's Buddhist Congress. Ranasinghe Premadasa, who was Ceylon's president from 1989 to 1993, said of him that "if there was a Buddhist Temple or school that he did not help, it was not in Ceylon.
Wealth.
Sir Ernest was, in his time, Ceylon's richest man and one of the wealthiest Ceylonese of the twentieth century. He inherited and purchased thousands of acres of tea, rubber and coconut estates as well as land in the prominent areas of Colombo. One such estate was the famed 1200 acre (5 km²) Salawa estate which was used as a rubber plantation. He owned 46 acres (7360 perches) of land mostly in the Cinnamon Gardens (Colombo 7) which, being one of the most expensive areas in Ceylon, would be worth approximately $500 million in the economy of the 2000s. His company dealt in every description of Ceylonese produce, principally plumbago (graphite), desiccated coconut, fibre, cacao, rubber, cinnamon and tea. The main export business was done with the United Kingdom and the continent, through the firm's agents in London, Hamburg and other European ports. His residence, the "Sirimathipaya Mansion", equipped then with horse stables and tennis courts, now serves as the Prime Minister's office.
Hobbies.
Aside from public life, de Silva's central passion was stamp collecting. His Ceylonese collection is said to have been world-class, second only to that of King George V. He was said to be one of the most notable philatelists in the world and also owned the legendary orange-red "Post Office" Mauritius One Penny (1847) stamp; considered to be among the rarest and most expensive stamps in the world. In keeping with his charitable ways, he donated the stamp to his relative, Sir Cyril de Zoysa, for the construction of the YMBA headquarters building. Subsequently, the stamp brought $1.1 million at an auction in 1993.
Sir A. E. de Silva was also known to be one of the best Ceylonese billiards players of his time and was the patron of the Ceylon Amateur Billiards Association. He played rounds with the then-world champions in his mansion and club. He was also the president of the Ceylon Turf Club and had the rare distinction of winning two Governor's Cups in Ceylon with his favourites Louvello and L'Allegro as well as a Governor's Cup in Calcutta. As president, he maintained a high level of integrity in the "Sport of Kings". He was also one of the first Ceylonese to own a Rolls Royce.
Final years.
Ernest de Silva was knighted on 1 January 1946 by King George VI for his services to Ceylon. In recognition of his services, Flower Road (where he resided) was renamed Sir Ernest de Silva Mawatha and a stamp was issued in his honour. Considered the most respected and wealthiest Ceylonese of his generation, he was offered the position of the first Ceylonese Governor General (Representative of the British Monarch in Ceylon, i.e. de facto Head of State), which he declined due to personal reasons.
Sir Ernest de Silva died at the age of 70, almost ten years after Ceylon gained independence, a cause he strived for. At his funeral, attended by many state officials and leaders, S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike, who was the prime minister at the time, mentioned the loss the nation has to bear with and thanked the departed philanthropist for his services for Sri Lanka, saying that he was a "true gentleman in every sense of the word".

</doc>
<doc id="21483515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483515" title="Ştefan Rusu">
Ştefan Rusu

Ştefan Rusu (born 2 February 1956) is a Romanian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. 
Olympics.
Rusu has competed in three Olympics, from 1976 to 1984. At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal he received a silver medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "lightweight" class. At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow he won a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling (lightweight). He received a silver medal in Los Angeles in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21483521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483521" title="Caroline at Midnight">
Caroline at Midnight

Caroline at Midnight is a 1994 romantic/thriller film, written by Travis Rink and directed by Scott McGinnis.
Plot.
Victoria is a dealer. She is playing a dangerous game. She is playing into the hands of her husband and his partner, who are dirty cops. Victoria is falling in love with a reporter, who knows all of their secrets.
Cast.
Clayton Rohner as Jack Lynch
Mia Sara as Victoria Dillon
Tim Daly as Ray
Paul Le Mat as Emmet
Judd Nelson as Phil Gallo
Xander Berkeley as Joey Szabo
Virginia Madsen as Susan Prince
Caroline Barclay as Caroline
Stacey Travis as Christine Jenkins
Hawthorne James as Stan Donovan
Lewis Van Bergen as Prince's Bodyguard
Ben Meyerson as Miguel
Zach Galligan as Jerry Hiatt
Thomas F. Wilson as Officer Keaton
George Wilkerson as Capt. Jacobs
Jay Baker as Policeman
Greg Collins as Bartender
Daniel Bardol as News Room Producer
Doug Wert as Detective Martin
Julie Bick as Detective #1
Kirk Baily as Detective #2
Susan Harvey as Lili
Christina Karras as Party Dancer
Bobbe Renshaw as Waitress
Julie Baltay as Dream Love
Natalie Alexander as Party girl (uncredited)

</doc>
<doc id="21483525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483525" title="Bylas, Arizona">
Bylas, Arizona

Bylas is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Graham County, Arizona, United States, within the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,962. The community has a medical clinic, a police substation, and a market. Bylas is an Apache settlement divided into two communities, one of the White Mountain Apache, the other of San Carlos and Southern Tonto Apache. It ist named for Bylas (aka Bailish) an chief of the Eastern White Mountain Apache band.
Geography.
Bylas is located at (33.1386688, -110.1250875), at an elevation of 2,608 feet (795 m).
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Bylas has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="21483534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483534" title="Terry Angus">
Terry Angus

Terence "Terry" Angus (born 14 January 1966 in Coventry) is a retired English professional footballer who played for VS Rugby, Northampton Town, Fulham, Slough Town and Nuneaton Borough. Despite a series of injuries, Angus was still active as a player up to the age of 40. He is particularly a legend at Nuneaton Borough, known as "Super Terry Angus"

</doc>
<doc id="21483538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483538" title="1927 Pottsville Maroons season">
1927 Pottsville Maroons season

The 1927 Pottsville Maroons season was their third in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous league output of 10–2–2, winning only five games. They finished eighth in the league standings.

</doc>
<doc id="21483555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483555" title="Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To">
Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To

"Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To" is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1992. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.

</doc>
<doc id="21483596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483596" title="List of Peru international footballers">
List of Peru international footballers

Peru took part in the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930 and enjoyed victories in the 1938 Bolivarian Games and the 1939 Copa América, with goalkeeper Juan Valdivieso and forwards Teodoro Fernández and Alejandro Villanueva playing important roles. 
Peruvian football's successful period in the 1970s brought it worldwide recognition; the team then included the formidable forward partnership of Hugo Sotil and Teófilo Cubillas, and defender Héctor Chumpitaz. This team qualified for three World Cups and won the Copa América in 1975.
Teófilo Cubillas was selected as Peru's greatest ever player in an IFFHS poll, in which he was also included in the world's Top 50. He is one of only two players to have scored five goals in two different FIFA World Cups.
List of Peru international footballers.
The following is list of football players that have been part of the Peru national football team since the team was officially created in 1927, with more than 5 caps.
Names in bold are players still active to be called-up.
Number of goals in negative indicate number of goals received as goalkeepers.

</doc>
<doc id="21483603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483603" title="SOT-A">
SOT-A

A SOT-A (Special Operations Team Alpha) is an element of the United States Army Special Forces. SOT-A teams conduct signals intelligence–electronic warfare operations in support of United States Army Special Operations Command and Joint Special Operations Command missions.
History.
SOT-A's are the direct descendants of the Army 
Security Agency's Special Operations Detachments (USASASODs).
Capabilities.
SOT-As are low-level SIGINT collection teams that intercept and report operational and technical information derived from tactical threat communications through prescribed communications paths. The mission of a SOT-A is to conduct SIGINT/EW in support of information operations (unilaterally or in conjunction with other SOF elements) to support existing and emerging SOF missions worldwide. They detect, monitor, and exploit threat communications through communications transmission intercept and direction finding. SOT-As also can deploy with SFODAs to provide SIGINT support for contingency, direct action, force protection, or MTT support. These functions may require SOT-As to: 
Insertion/Extraction Techniques.
SOT-A team members can operate in remote and denied areas. In addition to their linguistic, international Morse code 
(IMC), and SIGINT skills, SOT-As are trained in tactical and fieldcraft 
techniques
Advanced training.
Advanced training may include:
Organization.
Currently, there are three SOT-A sections per battalion at every Special Forces Group. A SOT-A team generally consists of four members.

</doc>
<doc id="21483609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483609" title="Jorge Alcalde">
Jorge Alcalde

Jorge "Campolo" Alcalde Millos (14 November 1916 – 25 June 1990) was a Peruvian professional footballer. He played as a striker, and was especially noted for his time spent with the Peru national team.
Biography.
Alcade was part of the Peru squad that won the Copa America 1939 and was the second highest goal scorer with 5 goals. He made 15 appearances and scored 13 goals for the Peru national football team. The Peruvian newspaper El Comercio and El Callao considerated him the best soccer player of the Copa America 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="21483621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483621" title="Michael K. Randolph">
Michael K. Randolph

The Hon. Michael K. Randolph (born 1946) is a Presiding Justice on the Supreme Court of Mississippi. He represents District 2 Place 3. 
Early years.
Randolph is the son of a construction worker who had a third-grade education.
He served as an air traffic controller in Vietnam with the U.S. Army 1st Infantry Division and was honorably discharged in 1967. 
In 1972, he graduated from Rollins College, and two years later, he earned a Juris doctorate from the University of Mississippi School of Law. While in law school, he joined the U.S. Naval Reserve, attending the Naval Justice School, and serving as an attorney with the Judge Advocate General Corps. He received an honorable discharge in 1975.
Career.
From 1975 until 2004, Randolph practiced law in Biloxi, Mississippi and Hattiesburg, Mississippi. On April 23, 2004, Gov. Haley Barbour appointed Randolph to the Mississippi Supreme Court to serve the unexpired term of former Chief Justice Edwin L. Pittman. In November 2004, Randolph was elected to the Supreme Court for an eight year term that began January 1, 2005.
President Ronald Reagan appointed Randolph to serve on the National Coal Council. Randolph has also served on the board of directors for William Carey College, and he was past president of the South Central Mississippi Bar Association.
Personal life.
Justice Randolph is married to Kathy Webb Randolph. He has three children and three grandchildren. He is a member of Temple Baptist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="21483624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483624" title="1994 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team">
1994 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team

The 1994 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was coached by Tom Osborne and played their home games in Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska. The Cornhuskers offense scored 459 points while the defense allowed 162 points.
Before the season.
There was much anticipation for the 1994 season. 1993 saw the Cornhuskers fall just short of their first National Title under Tom Osborne with a controversial loss to the Florida State Seminoles 18–16. The 1994 offseason was dubbed "Unfinished Business" by the Huskers, in their quest to secure a national championship for the coming season.
Junior Tommie Frazier returned as the signal caller under Tom Osborne's vaunted triple option offense. Also returning were several key starters on defense that would prove to be a vaunted unit during the 1994 season.
Game notes.
West Virginia.
The 1994 season started for the No. 4 Cornhuskers with a 31–0 win over No. 24 West Virginia in the Kickoff Classic. The game pitted two teams that had posted undefeated regular-season records in 1993. Quarterback Tommie Frazier was the game's MVP, rushing for 130 yards on 12 carries, including touchdown runs of 25, 27, and 42 yards. He also completed 8 of 16 passes for 100 yards and another touchdown. I-back Lawrence Phillips also ran 126 yards on 24 carries. In all, Nebraska gained 368 rushing yards and 468 total. The Nebraska defense dominated the Mountaineers, registering eight quarterback sacks and holding Western Virginia to 8 yards rushing and 89 total yards. Todd Sauerbrun set a record for West Virginia with a 90-yard punt and averaged 60.1 yards on nine punts. The victory marked Nebraska's first shutout victory in two years. It was also Nebraska's first shutout victory against a ranked non-conference opponent since a 20–0 win over No. 19 Baylor in Lincoln 1939, and the first ever such win in a game played outside of Lincoln. The win vaulted Nebraska to No. 1 in the polls.
Texas Tech.
Next up was a road victory that saw the Huskers cruise past the Texas Tech Red Raiders, 42–16, which remarkably saw the Huskers drop to #2 in the polls. Unfortunately, this victory came at a cost, as safety Mike Minter suffered a season-ending knee injury.
Pacific.
The next two weeks first saw a tough match-up, where the Huskers would dominate #13-ranked UCLA in Memorial Stadium, followed by a blowout against Pacific. Shortly after this victory, the 1994 season got a lot more interesting when Nebraska's field general Tommie Frazier was sidelined by a blood clot in his right knee.
Kansas State.
With Frazier sidelined, junior Brook Berringer answered the call to run Osborne's offense. Berringer, a pro-style QB from Goodland, KS, came off the bench and performed at his best in two straight victories against Wyoming and Oklahoma State, even at times with a partially collapsed lung. When it became too much for Berringer, walk-on QB Matt Turman stepped up to lead the Cornhuskers against Okie State and in a tough road game that pitched the Huskers against conference foe and neighbor Kansas State. This game proved to be a defensive battle, which saw the Huskers walk away with a 17–6 victory against the #16 Wildcats.
Colorado.
Nebraska's homecoming game and 200th consecutive home sell out.
Oklahoma.
The final five regular season games saw Nebraska beat #2 Colorado, where the defense shut down eventual Heisman winner Rashaan Salaam. Only Oklahoma provided any resistance for the Huskers, who escaped with a 13–3 victory in Norman, and another Big Eight Conference Championship.
Miami.
Nebraska was #1 in the nation, and found themselves pitted against #3 Miami in the Orange Bowl, a setting very familiar for Tom Osborne and his Husker players. Osborne had been in this very stadium on two separate occasions playing for a national championship, and came away emptied handed each time, losing the previous year against Bobby Bowden's Seminoles of Florida State, and to the Miami Hurricanes in legendary 1983 Orange Bowl by the score of 31–30.
But it would be much different this year. Frazier had returned from his injury, and Nebraska would not back down, even after trailing 10–7 at halftime and 17–7 with less than two minutes to go in the third quarter. It is important to note that during his halftime speech, Coach Osborne had predicted the eventual meltdown of Miami late in the game. He told his players that if they maintained their composure, that Miami would slip up and earn a costly penalty. Osborne's prediction rang true, and the physically dominant Huskers scored 15 unanswered points in the 4th quarter on two key TD runs by FB Corey Schlesinger to earn Tom Osborne his first national title, by the score of 24–17.
After the season.
The successful season saw Nebraska lead the nation in rushing, with talented but troubled sophomore Lawrence Phillips rushing for 1,722 yards and finishing 8th in Heisman voting. The offensive line, which was arguably the best in the country as well, was affectionately known as "The Pipeline" and included Outland Trophy winner and All-American Zach Wiegert at tackle, fellow All-American Brendan Stai at guard, along with Rob Zatechka, Joel Wilks, and Aaron Graham. The vaunted 4–3 defense, led by All-American linebacker Ed Stewart, limited conference opponents to a mere 55 points.
The Huskers were treated to a warm welcome, despite the freezing temperatures, when they returned to Lincoln as National Champions. An estimated 15,000 fans were on hand at the Lincoln Airport to welcome home their Big Red heroes.
Awards.
<br>
NFL and Pro Players.
The following Nebraska players who participated in the 1994 season later moved on to the next level and joined a professional or semi-pro team as draftees or free agents.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21483625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483625" title="Auld Lang Syne (song)">
Auld Lang Syne (song)

Die Toten Hosen recorded a rendering of "Auld Lang Syne" for their Christmas album "Wir warten auf's Christkind...", and released it as the second single from the album under the alias Die Roten Rosen. While the first two verses remain the same the rest of the lyrics are about drinking and having fun.This song was Lea Michele performance of the film "New Year's Eve", when the turn of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="21483634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483634" title="Janet Burroway">
Janet Burroway

Janet Burroway (born September 21, 1936) is an American author. 
Burroway was born in Tucson, Arizona, and educated at the University of Arizona, Barnard College in New York, Cambridge University in England, and the Yale School of Drama. Burroway’s published oeuvre includes eight novels, memoirs, short stories, poems, translations, plays, two children’s books, and two how-to books about the craft of writing. Her novel "The Buzzards" was nominated for the 1970 Pulitzer Prize, and "Raw Silk", her most acclaimed novel thus far, was runner up for the 1977 National Book Award. While Burroway’s literary fame is due to her novels, the book that has won her the widest readership is "Writing Fiction: A Guide to Narrative Craft", first published in 1982. Now in its 9th edition, the book is used in writing programs throughout the United States at over four hundred colleges and universities, as well as in Canada and other English-speaking countries.
Biography.
The second child and only daughter of tool and die worker Paul Burroway and his wife Alma (née Milner), Janet Burroway was raised in Phoenix, where she attended public school. (Her older brother, Stanley Burroway, a journalist, worked for the "Los Angeles Times" until his retirement.) Burroway’s intelligence and gift for words were so obvious even in elementary school that one teacher began tutoring her in poetry after class. Burroway told an interviewer that she began writing poetry at the age of five, and that her earliest memories are of “the fronds of an awesomely tall palm tree and beyond that the searing blue Arizona sky.” 
Like many precocious youngsters, Burroway understood that she had to leave Arizona to satisfy her intellectual hunger, and the only way to do that was by attending college. But since her family couldn’t afford to send her, "that" meant winning awards and scholarships, and getting published.
Her first scholarships were courtesy of local men’s clubs—the Elks and the Knights of Pythias—which gave her the financial wherewithal to attend the University of Arizona. After studying there for a year (1954–55), Burroway won the "Mademoiselle" Magazine College Board Contest and spent part of the summer of 1955 in New York City as the magazine’s Guest Editor. (Several talented women writers of her generation have held that position, including poet Sylvia Plath and novelist Joan Didion, who was Burroway’s co-editor.) Burroway’s first poem to be published in a national magazine was “The Rivals,” which appeared in "Seventeen" when Burroway herself was eighteen (June 1954). In 1955 her first play, "Garden Party", was produced at Barnard College. "Seventeen" also published Burroway’s first short story, “I Do Not Love You, Wesley,” in January 1957. In August of that same year, "The Atlantic" published Burroway’s poem “Song.” The young writer from the American outback was making a name for herself.
Burroway earned her A. B. "cum laude" from Barnard in 1958 on another scholarship. While there, she made Phi Beta Kappa, won the Barnard Memorial Prize for Drama, the Mount Holyoke Intercollegiate Poetry Prize, and several scholarships. Unsurprisingly, she chose the one that took her farthest from Arizona. In 1960 she moved to England where she attended Cambridge University on a Marshall Scholarship. 
While in England Burroway finished her first novel, "Descend Again" (Faber and Faber, London, 1960), which she had begun while attending Barnard. Often overlooked by critics because it was not published in the United States, the book is structured around the myth of Plato’s “Cave.” When asked whether fiction is more closely affiliated with poetry or drama, Burroway replies, “There are two different ways of organizing novel: a dramatic, and a poetic way. And the people who organize fiction as drama are more likely to be on the best-seller list, and people who organize fiction as poetry are more likely to be boring, but profound. The best thing is to do both.” In 1961 Burroway’s first book of poetry, "But to the Season", was published by Keele University Press. Burroway spent 1960-1961 in New Haven, Connecticut after receiving an RCA/NBC scholarship in playwriting from the Yale School of Drama. “I had been interested in drama all along; I really would like to have been a playwright,” Burroway says now, in hindsight. “I found this a difficult decision or not to attend Yale and I’ll never know if I made the right one. My sense then was that the British are fundamentally artistic and Americans are not. I think I might have found a more congenial community in England, and that it offers more incentives to playwrights. As it is, I have lived back and forth between America and England . . . . ometimes I have trouble deciding which nationality my characters are.”
While at Yale, Burroway married Belgian theatre director Walter Eysselinck and lived in Belgium for two years where she worked as a costume designer. The couple’s oldest son, Timothy Alan Eysselinck, was born in Ghent in 1964, where Burroway finished her second novel, The "Dancer from the Dance" (Faber and Faber, London, 1965; Little, Brown, Boston, 1967) and began her third, "Eyes" (Faber and Faber 1966; Little, Brown 1966). After Eysselinck took a theatre job in Sussex, the family relocated to England, where Burroway had their second child, Tobyn Alexander (Alex) Eysselinck, in 1966. After receiving her M. A. from Cambridge, Burroway taught at the University of Sussex from 1965-1970. Her fourth novel, the critically acclaimed "The Buzzards" (and Burroway’s personal favorite), came out in 1969 (Little, Brown; published by Faber and Faber in England that same year), and was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize. As critic Elisabeth Muhlenfeld has noted, “"The Buzzards" is a political novel of unusual artistry. Its controlling metaphor is adopted from the first chorus of the Oresteia . . . . warrior-birds swoop upon a pregnant hare, tearing out the unborn brood.” Ironically, that same year the first of Burroway’s two children’s books, "The Truck on the Track", came out in England (Jonathan Cape). The American edition was published the following year by Bobbs-Merrill. The book enjoyed a long print run, and like Burroway’s second, "The Giant Jam Sandwich", was televised by the BBC. "The Giant Jam Sandwich", published in 1972 by Jonathan Cape in England and in the US by Houghton Mifflin, is still available in hard and paperback and on cassette from both publishers. In 2008 composer Philip Wharton set it to music for narrator and orchestra, and the piece had its debut performance with the Iowa City Symphony. 
Burroway completed her fourth play, "Hoddinott Veiling", in 1970; it was performed that year by ATV Network Television in London. Another play, "The Fantasy Level", was first produced in 1961 at the Yale School of Drama, and again in 1968 by the Gardner Center for the Arts for the Brighton Festival in Sussex. "The Beauty Operators" (1968) was also produced by the Gardner Center for the Arts, then by the Armchair Theatre, Thames Television in London in 1970. 
But Burroway, struggling to maintain her identity as a writer while being a traditional good wife and diligent mother, paid a heavy price for her productivity. In 1971, when Tim was seven and Alex was five, she admitted that she found motherhood “daunting” and that her troubled marriage had finally, fatally, collapsed. In her essay “I Didn’t Know Sylvia Plath” (published in "Embalming Mom: Essays in Life", University of Iowa Press 2002), Burroway writes, “I married a man with a smaller talent than Ted Hughes poet and Sylvia Plath’s husband , and a shorter fuse.” She left Eysselinck in 1971 and came back to America with her sons after landing a stop-gap job in the Special Educational Opportunities Program at the University of Illinois. Depressed, distraught, and almost paralyzed by inertia, Burroway, like Sylvia Plath (whom she had met on a few occasions), contemplated suicide. But instead, like several of her own female protagonists, unlike Plath, she chose to live.
The following year, 1972, Burroway rallied sufficiently to interview for the position of Associate Professor of English Literature and Writing at Florida State University in Tallahassee, located in Florida’s panhandle by the Gulf of Mexico. Except for brief stints at other institutions—such as serving as Visiting Lecturer at the University of Iowa’s Writer’s Workshop—Burroway taught at Florida State University until her retirement in 2002. She married William Dean Humphries, an artist, in 1978, but the marriage did not last. The two divorced in 1981. Burroway continued to win awards, the most important being a National Endowment for the Arts Creative Writing Fellowship in 1976, followed by two resident fellowships at Yaddo (in Saratoga Springs, New York), one in 1985 and again in 1987. She continued to write novels, plays, poetry, and essays. 
Burroway’s fifth novel, "Raw Silk" (Little, Brown 1977) was a runner-up for the National Book Award. It had taken Burroway seven years to research and write, but it was responsible for introducing her to a wide popular audience. The book was also important for her personally, since she had incorporated chunks of her own life into it, a practice she had tentatively begun in "The Buzzards". In speaking of Eleanor, one of the female characters in that novel, Burroway says, “It was Eleanor’s experiences of an ordinary awful morning, or rather it was my experience of "writing" about her ordinary awful morning, that made me face that women’s concerns were my concerns, and that I had better pay attention to their significance. . . . ne morning I got up in despair and said, ‘Eleanor has three children and I have two children and I’m going to give Eleanor everything to do that I have done this morning before I sat down at the table.’” Burroway wrote about eighty pages in a two-day period, then revised the material down to nine pages that “worked perfectly well as narrative. And it forced me to see that if I was avoiding my real concerns and trying to write Great Literature, I would likely not be able to write.” After that, Burroway looked over the books she had written and realized that the threads she consistently wove through her narrative and kept returning to—in particular, mentor relationships, the abandonment of children, race, and suicide—were in fact themes. “That’s why I began "Raw Silk" with, ‘This morning I abandoned my only child.’” Burroway also credits a suggestion from her brother the journalist for deleting the beginning portions of the novel until all she had left as a starting point was that stark declarative sentence.
Another book of poetry, "Material Goods", was published in 1980 by the University Presses of Florida. In 1982 the first edition of Burroway’s indispensable “how-to” book, "Writing Fiction: A Guide to Narrative Craft", was published by Little, Brown. Burroway wrote two more novels, "Opening Nights" (Antheum, 1985), which draws on her background in theatre, and "Cutting Stone" (Houghton Mifflin, 1992), set, like her first novel, in a small Arizona town of another era. "Cutting Stone" became a Book-of-the-Month Club alternate selection, and in 1993-94 Burroway was awarded the Lila Wallace-Reader’s Digest Fellowship. A collection of essays-as-memoir, "Embalming Mom", came out in 2002 (University of Iowa Press, Iowa City).
By 2004, Burroway was working on another novel, "Paper", which dealt with the love affair between a white woman and a black mill worker. (In her second novel, "The Dancer from the Dance", the young female protagonist is mixed-race.) “Race has been a central theme for me,” says Burroway, and her protagonist in "Paper" “believes that she understands what prejudice is, but thinks that prejudice is the province of whites against blacks, and so has a very difficult time understanding how outraged lover’s family is that he is demeaning himself by going out with her.” Burroway notes she had been the editor of her high school newspaper in Arizona when desegregation took place, and that she won the "Mademoiselle" Guest Editorship for “an editorial called ‘Color Scheme,’ a piece of very wide-eyed righteousness about racism.” 
Then, a phone call and a simple four-word message, “Tim has shot himself,” shattered Burroway’s world into fragments. Tim Eysselinck, her first-born son, had flown from Iraq, where he was leader of a team training Iraqis in mine removal, to his home in Namibia for a vacation with his wife and children, where he killed himself. Dark-haired, bearded, and dashing, Tim had his mother’s Wedgewood-blue eyes and fierce intelligence. He was polite, a Republican, and a card-carrying member of the National Rifle Association. Even though he loved his mother deeply, he had, since childhood, cherished values antithetical to hers. Several years before his suicide, Burroway had written that sometimes, when conversing, the two would “stumble into uneasy territory. We have learned to acknowledge that, mother and child, we not only don’t share a world view, we cannot respect each other’s. Our task is to love in the absence of that respect. It’s a tall order.” Tim once admitted to her that “‘It’s a good thing it’s you who’s the liberal, Mom. If I were the parent, I wouldn’t want to let you be you the way you’ve let me be me.’”
Burroway knew her son was depressed by “‘he corruption, the incompetence, the greed, the lies’” of George Bush’s war, but she could not gauge the depth of his feelings. On the evening of April 23, 2004, Tim sat down at the dining room table of his family’s home in the Windhoek hills of Namibia and shot himself in the head.
In the larger scheme of things, a child who dies before his parents is unnatural. But a child who deliberately destroys himself is a torment to all who survive him. Burroway spent the next harrowing days and months trying to answer the unanswerable. For a while it was all she could write about. In the essay “Six Months On: What I have Learned about Grief,” she says, “It is half a year since my son’s suicide. Timothy Alan Eysselinck, forty, Captain, Ranger, father, hunter, contractor overseeing mine removal in Iraq, Republican, idealist, perfectionist, gun nut, my firstborn, my baby” Then she couldn’t write about anything at all.
Eventually Burroway stepped back from the brink herself (again), chose life (again), and returned to her life’s work, writing. More specifically, she returned to the subject matter of her abandoned novel "Paper". In an interview with Anna Crowe, Burroway says that twenty years earlier she had toured a paper mill. “I decided to write a novel about a poet, a man who leaves his family for a sabbatical and inadvertently rents a cottage in a paper mill town. He sits in front of the blank page while tons of the stuff pours off the rollers behind him--and can’t write, of course. Then his wife comes South to patch up their marriage and instead falls in love with a black mill hand.” But her editor hadn’t liked the novel. Burroway didn’t either—writing it had been drudgery. “The only thing I loved it was the little store that had appeared quite incidentally,” Burroway admits. “I scrapped the novel, wrote three plays and a book of essays, and thought about the little store. I gave up the writer as hero. It’s always a good idea to give up the writer as hero.”
Drastically re-conceived and re-christened "Bridge of Sand", the novel explores what happens when a white woman falls in love with a black man in the contemporary American South—and the reaction of Cassius’s parents to the couple’s affair is only the beginning. Burroway’s protagonist, Dana, is now female, and Burroway gives "her" the blue-collar background—a background similar to Burroway’s own. At the novel’s end, Dana, pregnant with Cassius’s son, returns to her working class roots. Burroway laughs. “When my brother read this novel, he said, ‘She’s going to give birth to Obama!’”
In 1993 Burroway married her long-time partner, Utopian scholar Peter Ruppert. The two spend their time in Tallahassee, where Burroway is the Robert O. Lawton Distinguished Professor Emerita at Florida State University, in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, and in London.
Critical Acclaim, Public Appreciation.
In the main, Janet Burroway’s work has been greeted with approval, enthusiasm, and, on occasion, rave reviews. Critic Elisabeth Muhlenfeld has called her “a writer of wide range and many voices” who has “consciously avoided current trends.” Author Joan Fry referred to her as “a writer’s writer, a prodigiously talented all-American girl who . . . found her literary voice in England.” Critic Thomas Rankin observed that Burroway’s fiction is known for “its stylistic excellence and tragicomic tone, portraying evil as the result of emotional blindness.” He also notes that Burroway “has been called a Renaissance woman for her achievements as a novelist, teacher, playwright, , columnist, and critic,” but that her most important achievement “may be the encouragement and role modeling she provides for young women who aspire to write.”
Known in particular for her complex female protagonists, Burroway enjoys experimenting with technique; she is particularly adept at assuming the speech and thought patterns of characters of another gender, race, or age. But her most important concern is the story itself. Time and again she emphasizes that the authors she most admires (and continues to reread) are Jane Austen, George Eliot, Joseph Conrad, and Henry James. “The novelists of the Great Tradition, in R. Leavis’s term, were absolutely my touchstone.” With characteristic honesty, Burroway admits that in “some ways I think that I have distorted my own vision by living so much of my life in literature, and not seeing the connection between what there is to write about and what’s immediate in my life until very late.”
According to Elisabeth Muhlenfeld, “"The Dancer from the Dance" and "Eyes" both received positive reviews but on the whole attracted little notice. (Granville Hicks singled out "Eyes" in the "Saturday Review" as a rewarding, well-written book which readers were unfortunately very likely to miss.)” A reviewer for "The Guardian", London, praising "Raw Silk" (the novel that followed "The Buzzards"), noted that “She writes like a robust angel.” "Opening Nights" was praised by the "Los Angeles Times" as “exhilarating, vivid and precise,” and "The New Yorker" called it “A fine and complex novel, a comedy and then some.” Jonathan Spence observed that Burroway’s seventh novel, "Cutting Stone", “is about many things, but perhaps most centrally it is about the mines and quarries of the human heart, and the myriad ways we delve into, gouge out, and transform ourselves.” Walter Clemens, reviewing "Opening Nights" and "Cutting Stone" for "Newsweek" wrote that Burroway is “a subtle novelist with a gift for jolting surprises. . . . Common-sensical though she seems, Burroway is a sneaky virtuoso.”
As if to demonstrate his point, Burroway’s nonfiction is also subtle, surprising, and common-sensical. "Booklist", in a review of "Embalming Mom", called her “a pithy essayist with an inner compass that steers her to the ambiguity at the heart of the human condition,” and James L. Marra of Temple University, has, with admirable succinctness, called "Writing Fiction: A Guide to Narrative Craft" “the best such book on the market.” "Imaginative Writing: The Elements of Craft" (Longman and Penguin Academics 2002) received high praise from Porter Shreve (University of North Carolina, Greensboro), among others: “engaging, witty, specific, absolutely clear and propelled by the kind of energetic prose that inspires students to write well.”
In 2005, Elephant Rock Productions in Chicago released a CD hosted by Burroway entitled "So, Is It Done? Navigating the Revision Process". A review by "The Writer" sums up Burroway’s contributions to the art and craft of writing: “ talks about revision with class and grace . . . she encourages you to work harder than you ever imagined, partly because she believes in you and partly because you want to make her proud.”
Publications.
Poetry.
"The Rivals," "Seventeen", June 1954.
 "Song," "The Atlantic", August 1957.
 "Song" and "Owed to Dickens," "New Poems by American Poets", ed. Rolfe Humphries, Ballantine, New York, 1957.
 "Introduction" and "Epithalamion," "Granta" (Cambridge, England), 29 November 1958.
 "Aubade," "Granta", 24 January 1959.
 "Prolegomenon," "Granta", 7 March 1959.
 "Footnote," "Granta", 6 June 1959
 "Piecework," "Delta", October 1959.
 "Benevolence," "Granta", 7 November 1959.
 "Aubade" and "Epithalamion," "Universities Poetry" 2, Keele University Press, 1959.
 "D'Accord" and "The Scientist," "Granta", 23 January 1960.
"Solo," "Granta", 14 May 1960.
 "James's Park," "D'Accord," and "The Scientist," "Universities Poetry" 3, Keele University Press, 1961.
 "The Scientist," "New Poems" 1961, A P.E.N. Anthology, ed. Plomer, Cork and Thwaite, Hutchinson, London, 1961; "The Guinness Book of Poetry", Putnam, London, 1962; "Sound and Sense: An Introduction" to Poetry, Fourth Edition, ed. Laurence Perrine, Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, New York, 1973, and following editions; "set" for the 1994-95 American high school "Academic Decathelon."
 "A Few Particulars," "Twenty-Seven Poems", ed. Woolf and Taylor, University of Sussex Press, Brighton, 1966.
 "Nuns at Birth," New Statesman (London), July 1970; "Best Poems of 1970: Borestone Mountain Poetry Awards 1971"; "Articulations: Poetry about Illness and the Body", anthology, ed. Jon Mukland, U. Iowa Press, 1995.
 "Lievre aux Capres," "Cafe at St. Marks", ed. Van K. Brock, Anhinga Press, Tallahassee, 1975.
 "Separation," "New Statesman", 16 May 1975; "MS. Magazine", November 1975.
"Hole," "Sun Dog", Florida State University, Spring 1979.
"Lines to King's Cross Terminal," "Critical Quarterly", Manchester, Spring 1980; "Sarajevo: An Anthology for Bosnian Relief", Elgin Community College, fall 1993.
 "Material Goods" and "Appleyard Odyssey," "Sun Dog", Spring 1980.
 "Mother Hood," Konglomerati, Spring 1983; "North of Wakulla", an anthology, Anhinga Press, 1990.
 "Catcher," "Florida Review" (First prize winner, Florida Poetry Contest), Fall 1983.
 "Maternal Line," "Red Bass", Nos. 8/9, Fall 1985.
"This Is," "Apalachee Quarterly", Fall 1985, and "Yearbook of American Poetry", Monitor, Beverly Hills, 1987.
 "Florida Hard Freeze," "Caprice", 1990.
 "This Hammock is for Peter," "The Chatahoochee Review", fall, 1992.
"Text/tile," memoir, produced as a text for dance, performed by the Dance Theatre, FSU, and published in "Writing in Education", National Association of Writers in Education, Huddersfield, England, winter 1993.
"Three Ideas" ("Democracy," "Shame," "Heaven"), "Caprice", Nov. 1995, Wichita, Kansas.
 "Workout" ("Biceps," "Triceps," "Forceps"), "Caprice", April 1996.
 “Four Deadly Sins,” "Chelsea", 2001.
 “The Tim Poems: Roadkill, Scuppernong, Monologue, Airport, Plenty, Post,” "Prairie Schooner", Fall 2006.
Stories.
"I Do Not Love You, Wesley," "Seventeen", January 1957.
"A Letter to Remember not to Mail," "Granta" (Cambridge, England), 8 November 1958.
"The Fantasy Level," "Granta", 17 October 1959; The Yale Review, summer 1961
"The Rest of It, July," "Granta", 30 April 1960.
"Extra Days," "Story Quarterly", winter 1976; reprinted in The Best of Story Quarterly, 1990.
"Disaster," "Apalachee Quarterly", Fall 1980.
"Embalming Mom," "Apalachee Quarterly", Spring 1985; reprinted in "The Source of the Spring", Conari Press, Spring 1998.
"Winn Dixie," "New Letters on the Air", Winter 1985, and New Letters, Winter 1986; reprinted in New Visions, an anthology of Florida writers, Arbiter Press, 1989.
"Uncle Ben's," novella, "New Letters", March 1987.
"Growth," "New Virginia Quarterly", Winter 1990.
"I'toi," "Prairie Schooner", Spring 1991.
"Pool," for the Florida Humanities Council project "Making Florida Home," 1993.
"Dad Scattered," in anthology "The Day My Father Died", Running Press, N.Y. 1994.
"Tea Leaves," in Microfiction, anthology ed. Jerome Stern for W.W. Norton & Co., fall 1996.
"Report on Professional Activities," "Black Warrior Review", Fall 1997 (with interview by Joan Fry). Nominated for a Pushcart Prize.
“Deconstruction,” "Prairie Schooner", Winter 1999 (winner of the Lawrence Foundation Award).
“Regular,” "New Letters", spring 2001.
“The Mandelbrot Set,” "Five Points", Winter 2002; "2003 Pushcart Prize XXVII; Best of the Small Presses", ed. Bill Henderson.
“Oracles,” "Prairie Schooner", fall 2004, winner of the Prairie Schooner “Readers’ Choice” award.
“Sublet,” "Ninth Letter", Spring 2005.
“Chronotope,” "Prairie Schooner", Summer 2006, winner of PS “Readers Choice” Award.
Excerpt from "Devil’s Play, Iron Horse Review", Winter 2007.
Excerpt from "Indian Dancer", “Blackout,” (winner of third prize, Love Story Competition), "Narrative Magazine", Spring 2008.
Excerpts from "Bridge of Sand, Prairie Schooner", Winter, 2008;and Narrative Magazine Autumn 2008.
"White Space," (winner of first prize, Winter Contest), "Narrative Magazine", Winter 2009.
Plays and Performance Texts.
"Garden Party" 
 Barnard College, 1955.
"The Fantasy Level"
 Yale School of Drama, 1961; Roberson Memorial Center, Binghamton, N.Y., 1963; Belgian National Television (in Dutch translation), 1965; Gardner Center for the Arts, for the Brighton Festival, Sussex, 1968. Playwrights' Theatre, Tallahassee, 1979.
"The Beauty Operators"
 Gardner Center for the Arts, 1968; Armchair Theatre, Thames Television, London, 1970; Belgian National Television (in Dutch translation), 1971.
"Hoddinott Veiling"
 ATV Network Television, London, 1970; British Independent Television's entry in the 1970 Monte Carlo Festival "Best Television Drama" category.
"Due Care and Attention"
 ATV Network Television, London, 1973.
"Dadadata: Homage to John Cage," text for dance
 FSU Dance Dept., Oct. 1990.
"Text/Tile," text for dance
 FSU Dance Department for "Twelve Days of Dance", Nov. 1991.
 Reprise, Florida Museum of History, R.A. Gary Building, Oct. 5, 1997.
"Medea with Child"
 staged reading, Playwright's Theatre, London, June 1994; and International Women's Day, Tallahassee, 1995
 Winner of the Reva Shiner Award, Bloomington Playwrights' Project; production October 1997.
"The Empty Dress", text for dance
 "Gendered Space," Florida Women’s Studies Conference, FSU Oct. 1994, and "Twelve Days of Dance," FSU Dance Department, Nov. 1994, Center for Professional Development and Public Service, Jan. 1995.
"Opening Nights", radio adaptation (with Charles Olsen)
 production by the Actors’ Repertory Theatre; sponsored by WFSU-TV and the FSU School for the Production of Film, Television and the Recording Arts; Tallahassee transmission summer 1997.
"Yazoo City Station", text for dance
 FSU Dance Repertory Theatre, collaboration with Lynda Davis, March 1998.
"Sweepstakes," a play
Reading at the Playwrights’ Center of San Francisco, Oct. 1998 (finalist in the annual Dramarama competition); production by the Actors’ Repertory Theatre at Tallahassee Little Theatre, Feb. 11-21, 1999; reading, the Royal National Theatre Studio, London, Nov. 1999; and at Women’s Playwright’s Initiative, Orlando, Feb, 2006.
"Quiltings: Text/tile Opus Three", text for dance
Birdsong Nature Reserve, Oct. 1999; reprise for Dance Repertory Theatre in Concert, Feb. 25-26, 2000.
"Division of Property," winner of the 2002 Arts & Letters Prize (chosen by Lanford Wilson), produced at Milledgeville, GA, April 2002, published in the Spring 2002 issue of Arts & Letters. Produced for the Imago One-Act Festival at the Stella Adler Academy and Theatre, Los Angeles, summer 2002.
"Parts of Speech," readings with Jane Alexander in a staging by Edwin Sherin, FSU Conradi Theatre, March 2004; Women’s Playwright’s Initiative, directed by Ellen Jones, Orlando, January, 2007; and Chicago Dramatists, Dec. 2008.
"Long Time No See," produced at Bloomington Playwrights’ Theatre, Bloomington, Indiana, July 31 – Aug.2, 2008.
"Winn Dixie", film adaptation by Ana Silverlinck, USC Film School, 2008.
External Links.
Janet Burroway on "Losing Tim" at the Pritzker Military Museum & Library

</doc>
<doc id="21483653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483653" title="The Marshall Library">
The Marshall Library

The Marshall Library may refer to"

</doc>
<doc id="21483658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483658" title="Subinvolution">
Subinvolution

Subinvolution is a medical condition in which after childbirth, the uterus does not return to its normal size.
Definition.
When the involution is impaired or retarded it is called subinvolution. The uterus is the most common organ affected by subinvolution. As it is the most accessible organ to be measured per abdomen, the uterine involution is considered clinically as an index to assess subinvolution. 
Symptoms.
The condition may be asymptomatic. The predominant symptoms are: 
Signs.
The uterine height is greater than the normal for the particular day of puerperium. Normal puerperal uterus may be displaced by a full bladder or a loaded rectum. It feels boggy and softer upon palpation.

</doc>
<doc id="21483669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483669" title="Ara Bedrossian">
Ara Bedrossian

Ara Bedrossian is a retired Cypriot professional footballer who played in both Cyprus and England.
Career.
Bedrossian played in Cyprus for APOEL, before joining English side Fulham in 1992, for whom he made 42 league appearances. Bedrossian later played for Stevenage Borough, also in England.

</doc>
<doc id="21483698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483698" title="Lotos Club">
Lotos Club

The Lotos Club is a gentleman's club in New York City. Founded in 1870 by a young group of writers and critics, Mark Twain, an early member, called it the "Ace of Clubs". The club was named tongue-in-cheek for the forgetfulness of care exhibited by the Lotos-Eaters of the "Odyssey"; it takes its motto from Alfred, Lord Tennyson's poem "The Lotos-Eaters":
The Lotos Club has always had a literary and artistic bent, with the result that it has accumulated a noted collection of American paintings, including work by Charles Henry Miller, E. Irving Couse, Adolfo Müller-Ury, Carleton Wiggins, and Zenos Frudakis. Its state dinners (1893 menu at right) are legendary conventions of scholars, artists and sculptors, collectors and connoisseurs, writers, and journalists.
History.
The Lotos Club's first home was at Two Irving Place, off of 14th Street near the Academy of Music. Journalist DeWitt Van Buren was the Lotos Club's first president, serving for one year and being succeeded by A. Oakey Hall. Other early Club officers included Vice President F.A. Schwab, Secretary George Hows, and Treasurer Albert Weber. "New York Tribune" editor Whitelaw Reid was elected Club president in 1872, at which time the Lotos Club moved to 149 Fifth Avenue at 21st Street.
In 1892, the Club moved to 556-558 Fifth Avenue at 46th Street, purchasing their first clubhouse. At that time they also merged with the Fellowcraft Club.
It was at the Lotos Club in 1906 that George Harvey, editor of "Harper's Weekly", sent up his first trial balloon by proposing Woodrow Wilson for the Presidency. In 1909, with financial backing from Andrew Carnegie, the clubhouse was moved to 110 West 57th Street, in a building designed by architect Donn Barber.
Frank R. Lawrence was the Club's longest serving president, from March 1889 until his death on October 26, 1918. Lawrence was succeeded as president by Chester S. Lord, who served for five years. In 1923, Columbia University president Nicholas Murray Butler was elected president of the Club.
The club has been housed since 1947 in a 1900 clubhouse designed by Richard Howland Hunt at 5 East 66th Street. (The building had been commissioned by Margaret Shepard as a wedding gift for her daughter, Mrs. William Jay Schieffelin.)
In 1976, the Club amended its constitution to admit women.
Lotos Club Medal of Merit.
The Lotos Club issues a Medal of Merit; previous recipients include general David Petraeus, scientist James D. Watson, flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal, and puppeteer Bil Baird.
The Club also awards a Foundation Prize and an Award of Distinction.

</doc>
<doc id="21483726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483726" title="Sundown (video game)">
Sundown (video game)

Sundown, (also known as "Guillermo del Toro's Sundown") is an unreleased video game that was under development by Terminal Reality for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Not much is known about the game, except the fact that film director Guillermo del Toro was co-developing the game, and it would take place in a world, where the players would have to survive an apocalypse, while fighting against zombies.
Events in the game ratchet up the terror and game opportunities as the game goes from the calm hours before the first outbreak to the worst moments in these characters' lives.
The game fell into difficulties and was postponed for some time, but according to a 2006 article on Joystiq.com, it was cancelled in favour of two new projects.

</doc>
<doc id="21483730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483730" title="1927 Providence Steam Roller season">
1927 Providence Steam Roller season

The 1927 Providence Steam Roller season was their third in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 5–7–1, winning eight games. They finished fifth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21483748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483748" title="Kandyba">
Kandyba

Kandyba is an ancient settlement in Lycia, in modern-day Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey. The settlement was called Hinduwa by the Hittites, and was known as Xākbi in Lycian, Κάνδυβα in Greek, and Candyba in Latin. The modern Turkish village next to the ruins of ancient Kandyba is named Çataloluk.
Geography.
The ancient settlement is set on a hilltop high above the plain of Kasaba, 13 kilometres north of Kaş. The modern village is located to the south of the ruins. 
History.
In antiquity, Kandyba was one of the smaller cities of Lycia, but was an independent polis with voting rights in the Lycian League and minted its own coins. In late antiquity and early Byzantine period, Kandyba was seat of a bishop. 

</doc>
<doc id="21483750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483750" title="David Tkeshelashvili">
David Tkeshelashvili

David Tkeshelashvili () (born October 16, 1969) is a Georgian politician who currently serves as the Head of Presidential Administration of Georgia.
Early years.
Tkeshelashvili was born on October 16, 1969 in Tbilisi, Georgia. In 1987-1989, he served in the Soviet Army. After dissolution of Soviet Union, he worked as the head, political secretary and deputy chairman of the Regional Department of the Citizens' Union's Youth Branch in 1993-1995, serving as the organization's press secretary from 1994 to 1995. In 1995, he was elected to the Georgian Parliament becoming deputy majority leader. A year later, Tkeshelashvili graduated from Tbilisi State University with a degree in Law. 
In 1998-2002, he was the chairman of the youth branch of the Citizen's Union. 
In 1999, he was re-elected to the parliament, working as chairman of the Subcommittee for Relations with Media and Non-governmental Organizations of the Human Rights Committee from 1999 through 2003. In 2004, Tkeshelashvili was re-elected as MP for the third term from National Movement - Democrats. The following year, he won Edmund S. Muskie scholarship, subsequently obtaining LLM from Emory University in 2006. At the university, he was conferred with "Sheth Distinguished International Alumni Award".
Political career.
In 2006-2007, Tkeshelashvili served as the Minister of Environment Protection and Natural Resources. As the minister, he was able to sign park partnership agreements with the US government which ensured financial and technical assistance to Georgia and establishment of sister-park relationship between Point Reyes and Kolkheti National Park. In 2007-2008, he was Minister of Health, Labour and Social Affairs. On 31 January 2008, he was appointed Minister of Regional Development and Infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="21483765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483765" title="While Passing Along This Way">
While Passing Along This Way

While Passing Along This Way is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1994. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.

</doc>
<doc id="21483795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483795" title="Mississippi 8 Conference">
Mississippi 8 Conference

The Mississippi 8 Conference (M8) is a high school athletic conference in the greater Twin Cities area in Central Minnesota with 10 member high schools and 2 associate members. The conference derives its name from 6 of the original 8 member schools being located within 10 miles from the Mississippi River. The M8 was formed in 2004 with eight charter members: Becker, Big Lake, Buffalo, Cambridge-Isanti, Monticello, Princeton, Rogers and St. Michael-Albertville, and began play in the 2005-2006 school year. Zimmerman High School was added to the conference in 2008.
Elk River High School entered the M8 as a competitor in the sport of Football in 2010 and Duluth East and Duluth Denfeld High Schools joined the conference for football in the fall of 2012. St. Francis, Chisago Lakes Area, and North Branch Area High School began competing in the Mississippi 8 Conference during 2013-14 school year.
Princeton School District and Zimmerman High School voted to withdraw their participation from the Mississippi 8 in favor of a new conference, Granite Ridge Conference, for the 2011 school year. Becker School District, and Elk River High School left the conference in 2012, Becker joined the Granite Ridge Conference, and Elk River High School football will rejoin the Northwest Suburban Conference. In the 2013-14 school year, Princeton rejoined the M8.
Current members.
-Duluth Denfeld, and Duluth East are football only members

</doc>
<doc id="21483818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483818" title="Canadian Major Junior Hockey League">
Canadian Major Junior Hockey League

The Canadian Major Junior Hockey League (CMJHL) is the original name of two organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="21483822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483822" title="Youth Hostels Association (England &amp; Wales)">
Youth Hostels Association (England &amp; Wales)

The Youth Hostels Association (England & Wales) is a charitable organisation, registered with the Charity Commission, providing youth hostel accommodation in England and Wales. It is a member of the Hostelling International federation.
History.
Formation.
The whole concept of youth hostels was started in Germany in 1909 by Richard Schirrmann and it took 20 years for the ideas to reach fruition in the United Kingdom. In 1929/30 several groups almost simultaneously formed to investigate establishing youth hostels in the UK. Foremost among these was the Merseyside Centre of the British Youth Hostels Association. On 10 April 1930 representatives of these bodies met and agreed to form the British Youth Hostels Association. Shortly afterwards it became the Youth Hostels Association (England & Wales) with separate associations for Scotland (Scottish Youth Hostels Association) and Northern Ireland (Hostelling International Northern Ireland). Ever since its inception it has been known as YHA using the abbreviation YHA(E&W) when necessary to distinguish it from other associations.
As its charitable objective YHA stated it as 
“To help all, especially young people of limited means, to a greater knowledge, love and care of the countryside, particularly by providing hostels or other simple accommodation for them in their travels, and thus to promote their health, rest and education.”
Early years.
The first hostel to open was at Pennant Hall near Llanrwst in North Wales. Opened in December 1930, it closed in 1931 due to problems with the water supply. The water came from a nearby brook but this was contaminated by sewage from the farm next door. As was commented at the time:- 
farmer saw no sin in mixing manure with drinking water.
1931 saw the first widespread opening of hostels and by the end of 1931 75 hostels had opened although at the end of the year 15 closed their doors not to reopen. The prices of an overnight stay were 1/- (1 shilling) per night for Senior (over 25) members and 6d (6 pence) for Junior (under 25) members. Annual membership was 5/- for Seniors and 2/6 for Juniors. Life membership was available for 3 guineas (£3 3s). Of the hostels opened in 1931, two remain open to this day, Idwal Cottage and Street.
All hostels provided accommodation in single sex dormitories. Most hostels had accommodation for both sexes but in a few towns e.g. Southampton, separate hostels were provided for men and women. Self-catering facilities were provided at all hostels and many hostels provided a meals service.
Each hostel was run by a manager known as a warden and all the hostels in an area were administered by a number of Regional Councils. Initially there were 14 Regional Councils but the number grew to 19 by the end of 1935. A National Office to co-ordinate policy and standards was established in Welwyn Garden City.
Membership was required to stay at a hostel and all people staying at a hostel were required to assist in the running of the hostel by undertaking what were known as 'duties'. These ranged from washing up, to cleaning the hostel and in hostels with no water supply on site, replenishing the water supply.
Bedding was supplied. The sheet sleeping bag was used from the outset and supplemented by pillows and blankets.
The emphasis was very much on a communal atmosphere within each hostel. The use of dormitory accommodation and common rooms in every hostel reinforced this. Also the shared interests, mostly walking and cycling, of those using the hostels contributed to this spirit. 
From this rough and ready beginning the organisation grew and grew so that by the outbreak of World War II, there were 297 hostels, 83,000 members with 600,000 overnight stays being recorded.
It did not take long for the fledgling organisation to obtain royal approval and in 1932 the then Prince of Wales (later Edward VIII) opened Derwent Hall hostel in Derbyshire. With its panelled walls it became a flagship hostel for the Association.
Wartime reduction.
Not surprisingly the war had a significant effect on YHA. Membership levels in 1940 and 1941 slumped as men and women joined the armed services and leisure travel was discouraged. The number of hostels open decreased with up to a third being closed for the duration due to their location in militarily sensitive areas. The low point was 1941 when only 170 hostels remained open and overnight stays were reduced accordingly. It wasn't only the war that led to the closure of hostels, among the hostels that closed for good was Derwent Hall, flooded as a result of the Derwent Water Board project and the creation of Ladybower Reservoir.
From the low of 1941 things began to recover so that by war's end over 200 hostels were open and membership was back to pre-war levels. Partly this increase in the latter part of the war was due to government encouragement for factory workers to take short breaks away from the cities.
Post war recovery.
With peace the resurgence of YHA continued until in 1950 the peak number of hostels open was reached with 303 open in that year. Membership continued to grow and passed the 200,000 mark in 1950. Overnight stays grew from 1.1 million in 1950 to 1.45 million in 1970.
In 1955 the National Office moved from Welwyn Garden City to St Albans where it remained until 2002 when a further move was made to Matlock. The buildings in St Albans and Matlock were both called Trevelyan House in honour of the first president of YHA, Dr G M Trevelyan.
In 1964 the number of regions was reduced to ten and financial changes made to make it easier for each region to manage its own affairs.
Reform.
Significant modernisation of hostels had occurred during the 1970s but by the early 1980s it became clear to YHA that it needed to change as the stresses and strains of running what was a large organisation began to show on what was almost entirely a volunteer run body. Direct management of the hostels was removed from the regional committees and a professional management structure was put in place. The regional committees were themselves reformed into four regional councils; North, Central, South and Wales.
With a new management YHA continued to thrive and by 2000 overnight stays had reached a new peak of over 2,000,000. Reflecting changes in the needs of young travellers, much effort was put into meeting a desire for less spartan facilities in hostels e.g. smaller rooms, more showers, abolishing washrooms.
As well as upgrading facilities in existing hostels, other experimental approaches to attracting young travellers were made. In 2000 a series of summer only hostels utilising university student accommodation were opened in locations near airports e.g. Luton, Leeds. The experiment wasn't repeated in following years.
A much more successful innovation was the introduction of the RentaHostel scheme. Under this scheme groups could hire whole hostels for their own use and without normal hostel rules applying. Rentahostel was available during the winter months to improve usage of hostels that were otherwise closed or doing very little business. The scheme continues to run to the present day but is now known as Escape To.
Foot and mouth 2001.
The outbreak of foot and mouth disease in the United Kingdom hit YHA hard. An estimated £5,000,000 of income was lost as a consequence of hostels being closed and a drop in overnight stays from just under 2,000,000 to 1,667,000. Some hostels, such as Baldersdale, were totally inaccessible as they were within quarantine zones. This left YHA in a serious financial crisis and severe measures needed to be taken. The board of trustees agreed to sell 10 hostels at the end of 2002, the sites being Aysgarth, Linton (North Yorkshire), Dufton, Elton, Buxton, Copt Oak, Thurlby, Norwich, Windsor and Holmbury St Mary. Internal and local pressure saved Dufton and Holmbury St Mary from closure and Thurlby was sold to Lincolnshire County Council who rented it back to YHA to continue as a hostel.
Recent developments.
2005 saw a change in the charitable objective of the association. From the original objective it was changed to
“To help all, especially young people of limited means, to a greater knowledge, love and care of the countryside, and appreciation of the cultural values of towns and cities, particularly by providing youth hostels or other accommodation for them in their travels, and thus to promote their health recreation and education.”
In 2006 YHA announced the largest plan of network renewal. YHA regularly monitors all its hostels to establish if they are still viable and if necessary closes those that are no longer viable or have no prospects of becoming viable again in the future. However the network renewal project was on top of this regular review and was a proposal to close and dispose of 32 hostels when it was announced. The aim of the exercise was to reduce borrowing and to provide funds for re-investment into the network. The closures were to take place over a three-year period, over and above the 13 others disposed of in the same period. The hostels involved were not necessarily poor performers but ones where the amount of investment required to bring them up to a desired standard was excessive e.g. Steps Bridge, or in some cases because the site value was very high e.g. Stainforth. When the news broke there was a storm of protest not only among the membership, but also in local communities and local and regional government.
Despite the protests YHA proceeded with the plan. Some hostels e.g. Liverpool, have obtained reprieves either temporary or permanent and are still open but most of the other disposals have taken place. One positive result has been that a number of the hostels disposed of have reopened either as independent hostels or as Enterprise hostels within YHA.
The sales of all the above properties has netted YHA over £20 million. However YHA continues to make a small operating loss. The value of the property portfolio prices was £77.15 million.
In 2008 as part of the move towards raising standards, the sheet sleeping bag was replaced by a bedding pack comprising a bottom sheet, duvet cover and two pillow cases.
Duties have also disappeared although hostel users are encouraged to maintain the communal spirit and assist staff by cleaning up after themselves.
In May 2010 YHA announced that in a further realignment of the network and to support long term financial stability called the "Capital Strategy" that two new hostels would open in 2010 and eight would close. The two new hostels were Southease in Sussex and Berwick on Tweed. Those closed were Capel Curig (Gwynedd), Exeter (Devon), Grasmere Thorney Howe (Cumbria), Hunstanton (Norfolk), Kendal (Cumbria), River Dart (Devon), Saffron Walden (Essex), and Scarborough (North Yorkshire).
By the beginning of 2011 Capel Curig and Grasmere had both been sold and negotiations were in progress to sell the remainder (with the exception of Exeter - now expected to close at the end of Summer 2011). On 8 February 2011 a further update to the "Capital Strategy" was announced that will see £4 million invested in the hostels at Black Sail (Lake District), Woody's Top (Lincolnshire) Wilderhope (Shropshire), Rowen (Snowdonia), Grinton Lodge (North Yorkshire), Salcombe (Devon), Poppit Sands (Pembrokeshire), Tintagel (Cornwall) and Wells-next-the-Sea (Norfolk). At the same time the closure of a further nine hostels was announced, with the intention to begin the sales at the end of Summer 2011. The hostels to close are Derwentwater, Helvellyn, Hawkshead (all Lake District), Osmotherley (North Yorkshire), Salisbury (Wiltshire), Arundel (Sussex), Totland Bay (Isle of Wight) and YHA Newcastle (Northumberland).
By the beginning of 2012: YHA Totland Bay was bought by the standing manager and remains a Youth Hostel.
Handbook.
In the first years of YHA (1931–1934) due to the rapid change in the number of hostels available the handbook was issued more than once each year. From 1935 the pattern settled into an annual publication issued to all members. In 2003 this became a biennial publication. One was due for the period 2009–10 but has been delayed. Instead a slimmer update booklet containing less information than in previous years has been issued.
YHA magazines.
"The Rucksack" was YHA's first magazine. First issued in 1932, it ran until 1956 when it was retitled "The Youth Hosteller", although issue numbers continued the same series. Publication varied between quarterly in the early years to monthly in later years. The contents consisted of hostel reviews, travel articles, regional and local group news, a letters column and updates to the handbook. Publication ceased after the February 1972 issue (volume 39, no. 7, priced at five new pence, and reduced to bi-monthly appearance following December 1970), when an editorial explained that the magazine was to be "transmogrified".
The successor to "The Youth Hosteller", "Hostelling News" ran from Spring 1972 until Summer 1985 (issue no. 54). A quarterly newspaper-style publication, free to members, it followed in much the same vein as its predecessors. "Hostelling News" was replaced in Autumn 1985 by "YHA Magazine", a colour magazine in A4 format, which was rebranded as "YHA Triangle" in Summer 1989 (issue no. 15) and which thereafter continued as a quarterly publication until Autumn 1994 (issue no 31). From Spring/Summer 1995 (issue no 32) it became a biannual publication, continuing until the Autumn/Winter issue of 2006 (being the fifty-fifth issue, although no longer officially numbered as such). Following a further rebranding exercise, "Triangle" was replaced by the smaller format "Discover" but this only lasted for three issues (Spring/Summer and Autumn/Winter 2007, and Spring/Summer 2008) before publication was put into abeyance. 
In Spring 2009 a shorter eight-page A4 colour publication "YHA Life" appeared (an undated four-page pilot version, with a focus on fundraising, was issued in 2008). 
"YHA News" appeared between 1992 and 2005. Unlike all the other publications after Spring 1972, which had been made available to all members, YHA News was only available by subscription. Its contents were much more aimed at those involved more actively with YHA. The opinions expressed were not necessarily those of YHA.
Over the years there have been many regional handbooks produced showcasing hostels in a particular region.
YHA Songbook.
The "YHA Songbook" was first published in 1952. Common room sing-songs were popular and the songbook was published by YHA as:
Many a common room sing-song has been marred because few of the hostelers know more than the first verses of the songs, and all too frequently the item that begins as a rousing chorus ends as a faltering solo. A few keen singers find a place in their rucksack or saddle-bag for a song book, but if as a result some half-dozen song books are available, it is usually found that they are all different and even the songs that are in common to several appear in differing versions.
The songbook only contained the lyrics, not the music, the assumption being that someone would know the tune.
YHA shops.
YHA had from the beginning sold items directly necessary for using hostels e.g. sheet sleeping bags but in 1950 started selling goods for walkers e.g. rucksacks by mail order from National Office. By 1953 not only was an annual sales catalogue issued by YHA had opened a shop at 21 Bedford Street, London. Three years later the shop moved across the Strand to John Adam Street. Over the years this shop expanded into Travel and Information Office and other shops opened in major cities. In 1990 the store management bought the stores from YHA and formed YHA Adventure Shops PLC. The company was wound up in 2004.
Attitudes.
Motor vehicles.
From the earliest days YHA made it clear that motorists were not welcome. Regulation 4 as printed in the handbook read:-
Hostels are intended for Members when walking or cycling, and are not open to motorists or motor-cyclists (unless they are using the hostel for the purpose of walking or climbing. In any case motor-cars and motor-cycles must not be garaged at a hostel).
Instead great emphasis in the handbook was placed on the availability of public transport with distances to nearest railway stations being given and the availability of bus services (something that continues to this day).
In 1951 this point was made even stronger as it was promoted to regulation 1:- 
Youth Hostels are for the use of members who travel on foot, by bicycle, or canoe; they are not for members touring by motor car, motor cycle, or any power-assisted vehicle.
By the mid 1960s with the decline in rail services YHA changed the policy slightly and allowed members to use cars to reach a hostel but not to motor tour. It remained policy however that cars could not be parked at hostels.
This change did not last for long and in 1969 it was decided, from 1970, to allow parking, for a fee, at certain hostels. However hostel wardens had a discretion to require people arriving by car to move on if the hostel was busy.
Finally in 1984 car parking charges were abolished and parking allowed at all hostels, subject to space.
Membership.
Until 2005 it was a requirement to be either a member of YHA or a member of an Hostelling International affiliated association before staying at a hostel. YHA relaxed this rule partly due to a desire to make hostels more accessible to all and partly due to advice received from the Charity Commission that the charitable status of the association was at risk if it remained a membership only organisation.
Membership can be purchased on arrival at a hostel but a non member wishing to stay must pay a supplement equivalent to a day membership for each night of their stay.
Alcohol.
Allowing the consumption of alcohol on hostel premises has only been allowed since the 1980s. Before then alcohol was prohibited and consumption at the hostel could result in offenders being banned from the hostel. When the decision to allow alcohol consumption was taken, initially it only applied to alcohol purchased at hostels with a table licence e.g. Edale, but later the policy became more relaxed and beer, cider and wine (but not spirits) was permitted to be brought onto and consumed on the premises as long as it was accompanying a meal.
With the reform of UK licensing laws the responsibility for the behaviour of customers falls onto the personal licence holder i.e. the hostel manager. To minimise the risk of prosecution of its staff, YHA introduced a policy whereby only alcohol purchased at the hostel can be consumed on the premises. Where the hostel is not licensed for the sale of alcohol, the previous policy on bring your own continues.
Schools.
Pre war, groups of children aged 11–18 were welcome at hostels as long as they were under the supervision of a responsible leader. All bookings had to be made in advance. Apart from price no other concession was made to these groups. They were still expected to move on from hostel to hostel and for this reason this type of business became known as School Journey Parties (SJP).
After the war YHA realised the potential of providing not just accommodation to school parties and youth groups but educational facilities as well. This scheme Youth Hostels for Health and Education, started in 1953 and was the forerunner of the services offered today. In 2008, 27% of overnight stays with YHA were as part of organised school trips. 
As such a large proportion of YHA business involves children it has a very stringent child protection policy and all staff and volunteers have to have Criminal Records Bureau checks conducted before they can work for YHA. School and local authority child protection policies sometimes cause friction with individual guests as many schools and local authorities insist on sole use of a hostel meaning that unused beds are unavailable to anyone else.
YHA Today.
YHA is a member of Hostelling International, an international federation of hostel associations. Due to its work in various fields, e.g. youth activity, the environment, education, it work in partnership with a wide variety of other organisations both within the voluntary sector, national government and local government.
Products.
YHA remains primarily an accommodation provider and supports this with the provision of food and drink, educational packages to support school groups using hostels and since 2005 Do it 4 Real a series of summer camps for children.
Accommodation.
The dormitories (shared accommodation as YHA calls it) in hostels typically consist of a number of beds, often bunk beds, and many offer storage facilities such as lockers. Such rooms are a means of being able to offer cheaper accommodation for large numbers of people and typically contain 4 - 8 beds. Unlike some associations e.g. Canada, dormitories in England and Wales are always single sex. With the YHA's modernising efforts and its attempt to widen its target market many hostels now offer private rooms in sizes suited to couples and families. An increasing number of rooms are being provided with en suite facilities.
Environment.
One aim of the YHA is to support "sustainable use of the countryside, youth hostels and their local communities". YHA strives to operate as both an environmentally friendly user and to provide environmental education.
Local Group network.
YHA has traditionally been supported by a network of local groups dedicated to supporting the network by patronising the hostels and being a source of voluntary labour. Some of these groups are thriving social and outdoor activity clubs which are continuing to attract new members.
In recent years there has been friction between the remaining local groups and YHA, much of it due to concerns about compulsory insurance policies, and the use of the YHA brandname.
Volunteering.
There are a wide variety of volunteering opportunities support by YHA. These range from running small hostels, to grounds maintenance, to working at a Do it 4 Real summer camp and offering professional services to the association.
Governance.
YHA is governed via three Regional Councils in England and one in Wales, although this is subject to review at the time of writing. Each Regional Council elects a group of members to represent the needs and views of YHA members and users. These Regional Councils also elect the majority of the National Annual General Meeting (AGM) delegates. They also elect regional Trustees. A programme of meetings are held around the country throughout the year. Regional Councils are able to put Motions to the National AGM as required. 
The board of trustees which is elected at the AGM has up to 26 members. Of these four, the National Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer, together with the Chief Executive form the National Officers who act as an executive committee.
At the AGM in September 2009 a package of governance reforms was passed and the board composition changed to 12 trustees together with four National Officers (the chief executive ceasing to be a National Officer. The number of National Officers will be reduced to three following the next AGM.

</doc>
<doc id="21483823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483823" title="Aktobe BTA">
Aktobe BTA

Futsal Club Aktobe BTA are a pro Futsal club from Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="21483862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483862" title="Center for Probing the Nanoscale">
Center for Probing the Nanoscale

The Center for Probing the Nanoscale (CPN) at Stanford University was founded in 2004 by researchers from Stanford University and IBM. The center is one of the National Science Foundation (NSF) Nanoscale Science and Engineering Centers (NSEC). The goal of the center is to develop and apply novel nanoprobes that dramatically improve our capability to observe, manipulate, and control nanoscale objects and phenomena. Developed technology will be transferred to industry for commercial implementation. Nanoprobe development and applications are under way in five theme groups, focusing on Individual Nanomagnet Characterization, Nanoscale Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Nanoscale Electrical Imaging, Plasmonic Scanning Tunneling Microscopy and BioProbes.
Besides the scientific research activities, CPN members actively engage in public outreach programs to bring nanoscale science and technology to a broad and diverse audience. A Summer Institute for Middle School Teachers is held each summer and gives teachers the opportunity to learn about nanotechnology, engage with scientists, develop course material and get hands-on experience in research labs. Nanoprobe lectures and video recordings from various workshops are also available on-line.

</doc>
<doc id="21483885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483885" title="Ion Draica">
Ion Draica

Ion Draica (born 5 January 1958) is a Romanian wrestler, World Champion and Olympic Champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. 
Olympics.
Draica competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles and received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "middleweight" class. 

</doc>
<doc id="21483931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483931" title="Porin Palloilijat">
Porin Palloilijat

Porin Palloilijat or FC PoPa is a Finnish football club, based in the city of Pori in Finland. The club currently plays in the Ykkönen (First Division), the second highest level of Finnish football . The club was established in 1925 but did not operate between 1960 and 1981. It has been the leading football team in Pori since FC Jazz went bankrupt in early 2005.
History.
Porin Palloilijat is the oldest team sports club in Pori being over 85 years old. Bror Weckström had the original idea of forming a new team in Pori and on 16 April 1925 the first meeting of PoPa was held in the café at Pori Theatre.
It was decided to form a team called Porin Palloilijat and to make football and bandy as their main focus. The first Committee members were Erkki Laitinen, J. Kari, Bror Weckström, O. Huhtanen, A. Forsberg and H. Lingvist. In May 1925 the constitution and rules for the clubwere prepared and the team was registered on 13 May 1925. They also included ice-hockey, women's basketball and ice-skating within the club's featured programme. The first chairman was Erkki Laitinen and he was later followed by Veikko Laitinen.
PoPa played their first games at Liisantori and then later at Tiilimäki before moving in 1929 to the football and ice-hockey field at Juhannuslehto. The club later moved to the Herralahti football ground.
PoPa had a rich early history playing 10 seasons in the Suomisarjaa (Finland League) which at that time was the second tier of Finnish football in 1937-39 and 1945-51.
They have had three periods covering 7 seasons in the Kakkonen (Second Division), the third tier of Finnish football in 1989, 2002–03 and 2005-08.
FC PoPa Oy have taken over the responsibility for the sport and financial operation of the principal team since 2007. In season 2007 PoPa played in the Kakkonen (Second Division) in the Western Group, reaching second place just one point short of promotion to the Ykkönen (First Division). In 2008 the team went one better winning the Western Group of Second Division in a crushing manner and were promoted to the Ykkönen for 2009.
The club maintained their rapid progress in 2009 by finishing 4th in the Ykkönen and are well on target of bringing Veikkausliiga football back to Pori. The key people behind the initiative are Antti Sumiala (sport and managing director), Rami Nieminen (manager / marketing executive), Pertti Lundell (coach) and Risto Puustinen (coach).
From the beginning, the focal point of new Executive Board has been raising the football in Pori and Satakunta back to the top level in Finland. The strategy of FC PoPa is to play attacking and entertaining football, to develop young, talented players for the use of FC PoPa and to sell the most talented players to the foreign professional clubs.
Divisional Movements since 1930.
Second Level (12 seasons): 1937-39, 1945–51, 2009–present day<br>
Third Level (7 seasons): 1989, 2002–03, 2005-08
Club Structure.
PoPa currently has 1 men's team. There is also a futsal team that plays in the Second Division. The club runs one junior football team.
2010 season.
PoPa are competing in the Ykkönen (First Division) administered by the Football Association of Finland (Suomen Palloliitto). This is the second tier of the Finnish football system. In 2009 the team finished fourth position in the Ykkönen.

</doc>
<doc id="21483942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483942" title="Glaphyrina plicata">
Glaphyrina plicata

Glaphyrina plicata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to the northern part of the North Island of New Zealand. It is found in waters of about 80 m.
The shell height is up to 44.5 mm, and width up to 19.5 mm.
References.
page(s): 97

</doc>
<doc id="21483948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483948" title="Tet Wada">
Tet Wada

Tet Wada (born January 20, 1973) is an actor active in Asia, Europe and North America.
Wada was born in Tokyo and is currently represented by CAJ.
Early life.
Wada was born in Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo.
He moved to the United States without his family at the age of 18 and obtained a degree in international marketing from Baruch College in New York.
Career.
After graduating, Wada worked in a marketing role at Donna Karan New York's headquarters. While he was a student, Wada worked as a researcher and house model for leather designer Anton, whose celebrity clients include Aerosmith, Lenny Kravitz, Sting and Alicia Keys. New York-based modeling agency Q Models saw Wada and signed him on as its first Asian model. Wada was initially not interested in modeling and continued to work at Donna Karan, but his strong Asian features and cool persona shot him to modeling fame, and Wada resigned from his marketing job.
Wada became the first Japanese male model to be featured in Vogue Paris. He was cast with top model Daria Werbowy in a widely talked about photograph of the two kissing.
Wada solidified his reputation as a leading Asian fashion artist and collaborated with world famous photographers including Michael Thompson, Terry Richardson, Markus Klinko and Greg Lotus.
Wada also acted in numerous TV shows and movies in the U.S. and a film he had a leading role in screened at the 2012 New York Asian Film Festival.
Starting in 2012, Wada formally shifted his career focus to Asia.
After shooting a film in Japan, he spent 6 months in Taiwan as a main cast member of the television series Chocolat. (Chocolat is scheduled to air in Japan, Taiwan and other Asian countries in 2013.)
Wada has appeared in multiple advertisement campaigns for global brands including SONY, Hewlett Packard, Motorola, SK-II, L'Oreal, Subaru, Evian, Bacardi, KOOL Cigarettes, Uniqlo, and GAP. He was booked by Uniqlo at the onset of the brand’s expansion into the U.S. and European markets and appeared in its campaigns for four years.
He is now appearing in ads for Asian brands and is modeling for the Diane Shampoo Series in 2013- co-starring with Yuriko Yoshitaka.
Modeling.
Editorial.
Becomes the first Japanese male model to be featured in French Vogue. Madonna was on the cover of the issue. He was photographed kissing Canadian supermodel Daria Werbowy (photographer: Terry Richardson).
Management.
Wada moved to the United States in 1991 and relocated to New York City in 1997. He moved back to Japan in 2012.
He was represented by Q Models (New York & Los Angeles) from 2001-2011 and is currently represented by CAJ (2012–present).

</doc>
<doc id="21483950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483950" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 800 metre freestyle

The final of the women's 800 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships was held on Saturday 17 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21483997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21483997" title="The Hobo's Last Ride">
The Hobo's Last Ride

"The Hobo's Last Ride" is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21484024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484024" title="International Symbol of Access">
International Symbol of Access

The International Symbol of Access (ISA), also known as the (International) Wheelchair Symbol, consists of a blue square overlaid in white with a stylized image of a person using a wheelchair. It is maintained as an international standard, ISO 7001, and a copyrighted image of the International Commission on Technology and Accessibility (ICTA), a committee of Rehabilitation International. It was designed by Susanne Koefoed in 1968. The design was modified by Karl Montan. Taking the original copy of the design, he added a circle to the top of the seated figure, thus giving it a head.
The symbol is often seen where access has been improved, particularly for wheelchair users, but also for other disability issues. Frequently, the symbol denotes the removal of environmental barriers, such as steps, to help also older people, parents with baby carriages, and travellers. Universal design aims to obviate the need for such symbols by creating products and facilities that are accessible to nearly all users from the start. The wheelchair symbol is "International" and therefore not accompanied by Braille in any particular language.
Specific uses of the ISA include:
The ISA is assigned the Unicode codepoint U+267F, showing as ♿
A compatible font such as DejaVu Sans must be installed to view the character. 
Building codes such as the California Building Code, require "a white figure on a blue background. The blue shall be equal to Color No. 15090 in Federal Standard 595B."
Modified ISA.
Disability activists are advocating against the use of traditional ISA since it displays passivity, and focuses more on the wheelchair and not person. Sara Hendren and Brian Glenney co-founded the Accessible Icon project, designing the new icon to display an active, engaged image with focus on the person with disability. Many disability organizations such as Enabling Unit in India are promoting this version. The Modified ISA is in the permanent collection of Museum of Modern Art. 
1. Head Position Head is forward to indicate the forward motion of the person through space. Here the person is the "driver" or decision maker about her mobility. 
2. Arm Angle- Arm is pointing backward to suggest the dynamic mobility of a chair user, regardless of whether or not she uses her arms. Depicting the body in motion represents the symbolically active status of navigating the world.
3. Wheel Cutouts- By including white angled knockouts the symbol presents the wheel as being in motion. These knockouts also work for creating stencils used in spray paint application of the icon. Having just one version of the logo keeps things more consistent and allows viewers to more clearly understand intended message.
4. Limb Rendition - The human depiction in this icon is consistent with other body representations found in the ISO 7001 - DOT Pictograms. Using a different portrayal of the human body would clash with these established and widely used icons and could lead to confusion. 
5. Leg Position- The leg has been moved forward to allow for more space between it and the wheel which allows for better readability and cleaner application of icon as a stencil. 

</doc>
<doc id="21484029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484029" title="Yasmin Abbasey">
Yasmin Abbasey

Yasmin Abbasey is a Pakistani Judge, serving in the Sindh High Court. She is one of only two women serving on the court at this time. Justice Abbasey has previously served as a Judge in the lower courts. Since her elevation to the High Court, most of Justice Abbasey's reported cases have been in Criminal Law, although she has extensive experience in Administrative Law, having served in Administrative Tribunals while serving as a pusine judge.
She was previously serving as Federal Law Secretary. Presently she is the Federal Ombudsman for Harassment of Women and Men at Work Place under the Harassment at Work Place Act, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="21484050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484050" title="Caelius Vibenna">
Caelius Vibenna

Caelius Vibenna, (Etruscan "Caile Vipina", was a noble Etruscan who lived c.900BC and brother of Aulus Vibenna (Etruscan "Avile Vipina"). 
Upon arriving at Rome, Vibenna aided Romulus in his wars against Titus Tatius. He and his brother Aulus are also recorded as having aided King Tarquinius Superbus, although Tarquinius Superbus lived some five generations after Romulus. Tacitus relates that a certain hill in Rome, previously named Querquetulanus (after the trees covering the hill) was renamed the Caelian Hill after Caelius Vibenna.
A burial urn inscribed "Arnth Caule Vipina" can be found at Deposito dé Dei at Etruria, Italy. It is likely that the ashes within belong to a different Etruscan of the same name.
In Legend.
Caelius and Aulus Vibenna seem to have been well-known figures in Etruscan legend. Claudius, in a speech to the Senate referred to the 'adventures' of Caelius Vibenna and his companion 'Mastarna', whom Claudius equates with Servius Tullius. Claudius claimed that Mastarna left Etruria with the remnants of Caelius' army and occupied the Caelian Hill, naming it after Vibenna.
The Francois Tomb at Vulci contains a scene showing Caelius and Aulus Vibenna taking part in one of these adventures. The scene appears to show Caelius and Aulus Vibenna and Mastarna with companions named 'Larth Ulthes', 'Rasce' and 'Marce Camitlnas'. These figures are shown slaughtering foes named as 'Laris Papathnas Velznach', 'Pesna Arcmsnas Sveamach', 'Venthical[...]plsachs' and 'Cneve Tarchunies Rumach' (interpreted as 'Gnaeus Tarquinius of Rome'). It appears that the group of foes had taken Caelius, Aulus, Rasce and Marce prisoner, but while they were sleeping, Larth Ulthes has crept into their camp armed with swords which he has given to his companions. The erstwhile prisoners are shown killing their former captors. Mastarna is shown freeing Caelius Vibenna.

</doc>
<doc id="21484072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484072" title="Amelia Bloomer">
Amelia Bloomer

Amelia Jenks Bloomer (May 27, 1818 – December 30, 1894) was an American women's rights and temperance advocate. Even though she did not create the women's clothing reform style known as bloomers, her name became associated with it because of her early and strong advocacy.
Early life.
Amelia Bloomer was born in 1818 in Homer, New York. Bloomer came from a family of modest means and received only a few years of formal education in the local district school. After a brief stint as a school teacher at the age of 17, she decided to relocate, and moved in with her newly married sister Elvira, then living in Waterloo. Within a year she had moved into the home of the Oren Chamberlain family to act as the live-in governess for their three youngest children.
When she was 22, she married attorney Dexter Bloomer who encouraged her to write for his New York newspaper, the "Seneca Falls County Courier".
She spent her early years in Cortland County, New York. Bloomer and her family moved to Iowa in 1852. She died at Council Bluffs, Iowa. She is commemorated together with Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Sojourner Truth, and Harriet Ross Tubman in the calendar of saints of the Episcopal Church on July 20. Her home at Seneca Falls, New York, known as the Amelia Bloomer House, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Social activism.
In 1848, Bloomer attended the Seneca Falls Convention, an influential women's rights convention in the U.S. The following year, she began editing the first newspaper for women, "The Lily". It was published biweekly from 1849 until 1853. The newspaper began as a temperance journal, but came to have broad mix of contents ranging from recipes to moralist tracts, particularly when influenced by temperance activist and suffragette Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony. Bloomer felt that because women lecturers were considered unseemly, writing was the best way for women to work for reform. Originally, The Lily was to be for “home distribution” among members of the Seneca Falls Ladies Temperance Society, which had formed in 1848, and eventually had a circulation of over 4,000. The paper encountered several obstacles early on, and the Society’s enthusiasm died out. Bloomer felt a commitment to publish and assumed full responsibility for editing and publishing the paper. Originally, the title page had the legend “Published by a committee of ladies.” But after 1850 – only Bloomer’s name appeared on the masthead. This newspaper was a model for later periodicals focused on women's suffrage.
Bloomer described her experience as the first woman to own, operate and edit a news vehicle for women:
In her publication, Bloomer promoted a change in dress standards for women that would be less restrictive in regular activities.
In 1851, New England temperance activist Elizabeth Smith Miller (aka Libby Miller) adopted what she considered a more rational costume: loose trousers gathered at the ankles, like women's trousers worn in the Middle East and Central Asia, topped by a short dress or skirt and vest. The costume was worn publicly by actress Fanny Kemble. Miller displayed her new clothing to Stanton, her cousin, who found it sensible and becoming, and adopted it immediately. In this garb Stanton visited Bloomer, who began to wear the costume and promote it enthusiastically in her magazine. Articles on the clothing trend were picked up in The New York Tribune. More women wore the fashion which was promptly dubbed "The Bloomer Costume" or "Bloomers". However, the Bloomers were subjected to ceaseless ridicule in the press and harassment on the street. Bloomer herself dropped the fashion in 1859, saying that a new invention, the crinoline, was a sufficient reform that she could return to conventional dress.
Bloomer remained a suffrage pioneer and writer throughout her life, writing for a wide array of periodicals. Although Bloomer was far less famous than some other suffragettes, she made many significant contributions to the women’s movement — particularly concerning dress reform and the temperance movement. Bloomer led suffrage campaigns in Nebraska and Iowa, and served as president of the Iowa Woman Suffrage Association from 1871 until 1873.
Amelia Bloomer List.
Since 2002, the American Library Association has produced an annual "Amelia Bloomer List" of recently published books with "significant feminist content" for younger readers.

</doc>
<doc id="21484103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484103" title="China–Vanuatu relations">
China–Vanuatu relations

The Republic of Vanuatu and the People's Republic of China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations on March 26, 1982. China established an embassy in Vanuatu in 1989, while Vanuatu established an honorary consulate in China in 1999; it officially became an embassy in 2005. The current Ambassador of China in Vanuatu is Cheng Shuping. The current Ambassador of Vanuatu in China is former Minister of Finance Willie Jimmy.
The Chinese government officially considers that Vanuatu and China "have made tireless efforts and cooperation endeavors to promote and further strengthen friendship and cooperation for the benefit of two countries' peoples and nations", and that China and Vanuatu "have smooth cooperation in economic, trade, agricultural, tourism, sports and other fields".
For its part, the government of Vanuatu officially considers that "China and Vanuatu have enjoyed a vibrant and long lasting relationship based on mutual understanding, friendship and genuine cooperation", and that "Vanuatu's relations with China and the adherence to the One-China policy are one of the fundamental pillars of Vanuatu's foreign policy".
In June 2009, Vanuatu's ambassador to China, Willie Jimmy, "call[... for China to have a foot firmly planted in the Pacific through Port Vila", a comment which -the "Vanuatu Daily Post" remarked- "no doubt caused ruffled feathers among other foreign diplomatic partners".
Context.
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the "Taipei Times" described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
Economic relations.
In 2006, Vanuatu signed an economic cooperation agreement with the PRC, whereby the latter was to assist Vanuatu's economic development, and remove tariffs on imports from Vanuatu. The PRC also added Vanuatu to its list of approved tourism destinations for Chinese tourists. Ni-Vanuatu trade minister James Bule said his country had also requested China's assistance "in supplying machines so we can establish a plant in Vanuatu to produce bio fuel".
In 2002, the countries' bilateral trade was worth €1.294 million, of which just over €1 million imported by Vanuatu from China, and over €200,000 imported by China from Vanuatu. Vanuatu imports Chinese garments, shoes, textiles, medicines, foods and light industrial products, while China imports ni-Vanuatu "plants to be used for killing insects and bacteria, as well as buttons and sown timber".
According to the government of Vanuatu, "China is recognized as one of Vanuatu's major development partners".
Relations in culture and education.
In July 2002, the Hebei Acrobatic Troupe performed in Vanuatu, followed by the Chinese Acrobatic and Folk Orchestra Troupe in June 2007.
Since 2005, the Chinese Central Television has been broadcasting in Vanuatu. Chinese Radio International has been available to ni-Vanuatu listeners since 2007.
In terms of education, since 1995, China has provided quotas of scholarships for ni-Vanuatu students to study in China ; nine ni-Vanuatu students were provided with scholarships in the 2007/08 university year. As of 2008, there were two Chinese language teachers, sent by China, in Vanuatu.
Relationship with Taiwan.
From 1982 to 2004, Vanuatu consistently recognised the People's Republic of China. In November 2004, Prime Minister Serge Vohor briefly established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan), before being ousted for that reason in a vote of no confidence the following month. Vanuatu has recognised the PRC ever since. Nonetheless, Vohor remained a critic of what he perceived as China's excessive influence on the ni-Vanuatu government.

</doc>
<doc id="21484122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484122" title="Vasile Andrei">
Vasile Andrei

Vasile Andrei (born 28 July 1955) is a Romanian wrestler and Olympic Champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. He won a bronze medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the heavyweight class (under 100 kg). In 1984 he also finished in sixth place in the super-heavyweight category. He competed in 1988 but failed to score. He was the flag bearer for Romania at the 1980 and 1988 Games.
Between 1979 and 1987 he won six medals at the world and European championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21484133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484133" title="Trash Fashion">
Trash Fashion

Trash Fashion are a four-piece band made up of brothers Tom Marsh and Ben Marsh (lead vocals and lead guitar, respectively) joined by Matt Emerson (as drummer) and Jim Ready (as bassist). Their current UK record label is Propaganda Records and in Japan it is Vinyl Junkie. All members originally hail from Birmingham and are now based in London.
Members.
In early 2009, the band replaced their previous stage names (shown in brackets) with their real-life first names on their MySpace. 
Musical style.
Trash Fashion describe their sound as "Guntronic Disco Warehouse Rock" but are often placed in the New Rave category, citing Black Strobe, Tiga, Daft Punk, Altern8, The Prodigy, Shalamar, Prince, Stevie Wonder and Iron Maiden as some of their influences.
Trash Fashion also cover songs from established bands, such as Madness and Hall & Oates [http://www.myspace.com/trashfashion.

</doc>
<doc id="21484134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484134" title="Prison rape">
Prison rape

Prison rape is rape occurring in prison. It has come into common usage to refer to rape of inmates by other inmates, and less commonly to the rape of inmates by staff, and even less commonly rape of staff by inmates.
By country.
United States.
Public awareness of the phenomenon of prison rape is a relatively recent development and estimates to its prevalence have varied widely for decades. In 1974 Carl Weiss and David James Friar wrote that 46 million Americans would one day be incarcerated; of that number, they claimed, 10 million would be raped. 
A United States Department of Justice report, "Sexual Victimization in Prisons and Jails Reported by Inmates", states that "In 2011-12, an estimated 4.0% of state and federal prison inmates and 3.2% of jail inmates reported experiencing one or more incidents of sexual victimization by another inmate or facility staff in the past 12 months or since admission to the facility, if less than 12 months." However, advocates dispute the accuracy of the numbers, saying they seem to under report the real numbers of sexual assaults in prison, especially among juveniles.
A 1992 estimate from the Federal Bureau of Prisons conjectured that between 9 and 20 percent of inmates had been sexually assaulted. Studies in 1982 and 1996 both concluded that the rate was somewhere between 12 and 14 percent. A 1986 study by Daniel Lockwood put the number at around 23 percent for maximum security prisons in New York. In contrast, Christine Saum's 1994 survey of 101 inmates showed 5 had been sexually assaulted.
The "Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003" was the first United States federal law passed specifically dealing with the sexual assault of prisoners. The bill was signed into law on September 4, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21484156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484156" title="-O">
-O

-o may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21484170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484170" title="Chattanooga Sugar Babe">
Chattanooga Sugar Babe

Chattanooga Sugar Babe is an album of American musician Norman Blake, released in 1998.
Track listing.
All songs by Norman Blake unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="21484175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484175" title="Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 200 metre freestyle

The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Tuesday 13 January 1998 in Perth, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21484188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484188" title="Dromcollogher-Broadford">
Dromcollogher-Broadford

Dromcolliher-Broadford is a parish bordering North Cork in the County Limerick, Ireland.
There are two Villages within parish, Dromcolliher and Broadford.
Dromcolliher ("Drom Collachair" in Irish) is a small Irish town towards the west of County Limerick. It is part of the parish of Dromcollogher-Broadford (previously known as Killagholehane). It is also very close to the boundary of north Cork on the R522 Road from Newcastle West to Liscaroll/Buttevant, County Cork. 
Broadford ( - "the Mouth of the Ford") is located in the west of County Limerick in Ireland. It is part of the Roman Catholic parish of Dromcollogher-Broadford. In the 2006 Irish census, the resident population of the Broadford electoral district was 891.
According to records, the village is relatively new, and was first recorded by cartographers in 1837. Prior to its current name, it was known as ""Killaliathan"" or ""Killagholehane"".

</doc>
<doc id="21484189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484189" title="Business game">
Business game

Business game (also called business simulation game) refers to simulation games that are used at an educational tool for teaching business. Business games may be carried out for various business training such as: general management, finance, organizational behaviour, human resources, etc. Often the term Business simulation is used with the same meaning.
A business game has been defined as ""a serious game in a business environment that can lead to one or both of the following results: the training of players in business skills (hard and/or soft) or the evaluation of players’ performances (quantitatively and/or qualitatively)"" 
Business games are used as a teaching method in Universities, and more particularly in business schools, but also for executive education.
Simulation are considered to be an innovative learning method , and are often computer-based.
History.
Computer Supported Business Simulation originated from military war games and came into existence during the late 1950s . Business simulation games, including non-computer-based board games and experiential activities, have since been used as a learning tool for teaching management . It is regularly in use at Universities, and in particularly by major business schools. As an example, the University of Washington has been using business simulation game in classes since 1957 .
Business games are also used within companies for management training and development .

</doc>
<doc id="21484226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484226" title="Santa Marta tinamou">
Santa Marta tinamou

The Santa Marta tinamou, "Crypturellus erythropus idoneus", is a sub-species of Tinamou that was recognized as a species by most authorities until 2006. It is found in northern South America.
Etymology.
"Crypturellus" is formed from three Latin or Greek words. "kruptos" meaning covered or hidden, "oura" meaning tail, and "ellus" meaning diminutive. Therefore "Crypturellus" means small hidden tail.
Taxonomy.
The Santa Marta tinamou is a member of the ratites, a group of flightless birds with the tinamous being the only genus that flies. Up until 2006 they were generally accepted as a separate species; however, that year the SACC rejected a proposal to separate this species out and thus they have now generally been lumped back into the "Crypturellus erythropus" genus.
Range.
They are located in the northwestern portion of Venezuela and northeastern Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="21484244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484244" title="William Wynne (lawyer)">
William Wynne (lawyer)

William Wynne (baptised 1692 – 16 May 1765) was a Welsh lawyer and author.
Life.
Wynne, the youngest son of the Welsh civil servant Owen Wynne, was baptised at St. Margaret's, Westminster in 1692. His father, who served as secretary to Sir Leoline Jenkins and succeeding Secretaries of State, died in 1700. William Wynne was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1709, obtaining his BA degree in 1712 and his MA in 1723. He became a member of Middle Temple in 1712 and was called to the bar in 1718. He was assisted in his legal career by family ecclesiastical connections – John Wynne, Bishop of St Asaph from 1715 onwards, was a relative, and his father-in-law was a trusted adviser to successive Bishops of Hereford. Wynne was one of the lawyers who represented Francis Atterbury, Bishop of Rochester, in his trial in 1723 on charges of high treason. He also advised Edmund Gibson, Bishop of London in the 1740s, on legal matters concerning the marriage of Gibson's daughter. Wynne was made a serjeant-at-law in 1736.
Wynne's writings included "Observations Touching the Dignity and Antiquity of the Degree of Serjeant at Law" (1756) (written at a time when the position of the serjeants in the Court of Common Pleas was under threat), and "The Life of Sir Leoline Jenkins" (1724), using papers inherited from his father. He died on 16 May 1765 and was buried in Westminster Abbey seven days later. One of his sons was the lawyer Edward Wynne.

</doc>
<doc id="21484286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484286" title="To Catch a Predator">
To Catch a Predator

To Catch a Predator is an American reality television series that features hidden camera investigations by the television newsmagazine program "Dateline NBC". It was devoted to impersonating underage people (generally ages 12–15) and detaining male adults who contacted them over the Internet for sexual liaisons. People were lured to meet with a decoy under the pretense of sexual contact and then confronted. Show host Chris Hansen clarified in an interview with NPR News that these subjects should be labeled as potential sexual predators, and not pedophiles. "Pedophiles have a very specific definition, people who are interested in prepubescent sex," he stated.
The series premiered in November 2004, and featured 12 investigations in total held across the United States. The investigations were conducted as undercover sting operations with the help of on-line watchdog group Perverted-Justice. Since the third installment, law enforcement and other officials were also involved, leading to the arrests of most individuals caught. No new episodes have aired since December 2007.
NBC affiliates WTMJ in Milwaukee, KSHB in Kansas City and WBRE in Wilkes-Barre have also done local versions of "To Catch a Predator". Various spin-offs have aired in the same format, including "To Catch a Con Man", "To Catch an ID Thief", "To Catch a Car Thief" and "To Catch an i-Jacker", which featured iPod thieves. "To Catch a Predator" is also aired on FX and Crime & Investigation Network in the United Kingdom, the Crime & Investigation Network in Australia and New Zealand and FOX Crime in Portugal.
Method.
The method that was used to catch would-be sex offenders is derived from that normally used by Perverted-Justice. Perverted-Justice volunteers build profiles identified as underage individuals on social networking websites, and enter chatrooms as decoys. They set up adults to message or email the decoy and begin a dialogue. If the conversation turns sexual in nature (the content in question initiated by the adult), the decoy will not discourage this, nor outright encourage it. This also can help the Perverted-Justice team in collecting incriminating evidence against the alleged offender. Such evidence could include engaging in sexual conversations, sending the decoy pornography or child pornography, and committing other acts.
The chatroom visitors are eventually led to believe that the supposed minor is home alone, and come inside the house or to an agreed-upon location, seeking sexual activity from the decoy. The decoy finds a reason to leave the room within seconds of meeting the visitor, which would seem suspicious to the average observer. Soon after meeting the decoy, they are confronted by Hansen who instructs them to "have a seat" and states that he "needs" to talk to them.
Hansen questions each one at length about their intentions. Some leave immediately upon seeing Hansen, because they recognize that he is clearly not a teenager, or they have seen him in previous "Dateline" investigations. Hansen, without initially identifying himself, interviews the suspects about their intentions, and also reads aloud some of the graphic portions of the chat to inform them that the logs were indeed recorded. Those who have not seen Hansen's "Dateline" investigations before often assume he is either the child's father or a member of a law enforcement agency. After a few minutes of questioning, Hansen identifies himself as a "Dateline NBC" correspondent and informs the visitor that the entire interview has been recorded on hidden camera as part of the "Dateline NBC" story. Then, "Dateline" crew members with large cameras and microphones reveal themselves, and the person is offered a chance to make a final statement before being asked to leave.
The first two investigations did not include law enforcement officers on site, and individuals caught in the sting were allowed to leave voluntarily, though "Dateline" would provide all video and transcripts to law enforcement and suspects would eventually be arrested. Arrests are sometimes made in a dramatic fashion by multiple officers who, with Taser drawn, ambush the suspect and command him to lie face-down on the ground before being handcuffed. In the Fort Myers investigation, a police officer in camouflage sometimes arrested the perpetrators as they left the sting house. Tasers are sometimes shown being used to subdue fleeing or merely unresponsive individuals.
During interviews, suspects often claim not to have any idea how old the supposed minor is, even when confronted by Hansen with chat logs showing the decoy clearly identifying him or herself as underage. In some jurisdictions, online solicitation with the belief that the other person is below the age of consent is a crime, regardless of whether the other person actually is.
Investigations.
Bethpage, Long Island (Outside New York City).
The first in the series aired in November 2004 as a "Dateline NBC" segment called "Dangerous Web". The operation was set up in a home in Bethpage, New York to which 18 men came over two-and-a-half days after making an appointment for sex with a minor. One of the men in the investigation was a New York City firefighter, who was later fired by the FDNY.
Herndon, Fairfax County, Virginia (Suburban Washington, D.C.).
The sequel to the first story was an hour-long special airing in November 2005. The operation was located in Fairfax County, Virginia, in the suburbs of Washington, D.C., and saw 19 men arrive over three days. Among the men caught were David Kaye, a rabbi, and Steven Bennof, an elementary school teacher, both of whom lost their jobs after taping. John Kennelly was also significant given that he was caught by Dateline and Hansen twice during the same operation: first at the undercover house, where he appeared naked to meet an underage child, and then again less than 24 hours later at a McDonald's fast food restaurant in the Rosslyn neighborhood. Kennelly initially denied that his second appearance was to meet a child (claiming that he was just there to get something to eat) until Hansen came out and said "I've got the chatlog, again!" All the men were later arrested (several days or weeks after the Dateline investigation) once their transcripts were turned over to local police. All the men, with the exception of Kennelly, received jail terms. Kennelly's prison sentence was suspended, though he was still subject to sex offender supervision.
Mira Loma, Riverside County, California (Outside Los Angeles).
The third installment of the series was a two-hour special aired in February 2006. The operation was located at a house on Riverboat Drive in Riverside, California and was the first done in cooperation with local law enforcement officials. During this sting, 50 men were arrested over three days and charged with felonies—so many that three arrived almost simultaneously, and law enforcement, at one point, ran out of personnel. One other person arrested was charged with a misdemeanor. The men arrested included a criminal investigator working for the Department of Homeland Security who was later fired and, for the first time, two men who claimed to have seen previous "Dateline" investigations of online perpetrators trying to have sex with minors.
Greenville, Ohio.
The fourth investigation aired in two one-hour-long parts during April and May 2006 as the first half of a month-long series of "To Catch a Predator" specials. The operation was based in Greenville, Ohio. The location of the undercover house meant that potential predators from the larger surrounding cities of Indianapolis, Columbus, and Cincinnati had to drive upwards of an hour and a half to reach the operation. Among the men caught were one who had been slated to start a prison sentence for a different charge of solicitation in four days and a 6th grade school teacher who had also been chatting with an Indiana police officer posing as a teenage girl. Due to Ohio state requirements for evidence in sting operations, three Perverted-Justice members were temporarily deputized for the length of the operation. It was also the first "Dateline" investigation in which Perverted-Justice was paid a consulting fee.
Fort Myers, Florida.
As with the Ohio investigation, the fifth investigation was aired in two one-hour-long parts in May 2006, forming the second half of the month-long series of "To Catch a Predator" specials. The operation was done in a house at 1252 Caloosa Drive in Fort Myers, Florida and saw 24 men arrested in three days. Among the more notable moments in the investigation was the arrest of a man who had brought along his five-year-old son to the house, creating a challenge for arresting officers as well as Hansen who did not want to traumatize the boy. Hansen told him immediately that he was on Dateline without attempting to interview him, and police had the difficult task of arresting the father and removing the child without exposing him to the arrest. One man, upon seeing Hansen, said that he knew that he was walking into a setup because of the way that the decoy was talking online, but came anyway "to test it." Another man had asked a decoy posing as a 14-year-old if she was willing to have oral sex with a cat and perform sex acts involving Cool Whip. She replied that she would do so on the condition that he would strip naked after entering the house. He did so and was immediately confronted by Hansen. He was the second featured predator to strip naked in the house to date. Like the first one, Hansen gave him a towel to cover himself with. Hansen also had to go look for a bottle of water for the man when he asked for one in which case Hansen made one of his typical humorous comments: "running around naked probably dried you up."
Another man arrived at almost 4am, but refused to enter the house, trying to talk the girl into getting in his car with him. After pleading with her for over 30 minutes, he gave up and walked to his car where he was arrested. Another man confessed that he was "guilty of whatever's there" (referring to the transcript) and, when asked what should happen to him by Hansen, said that he should receive the death penalty. Another duped his sister into driving him to the sting house and waiting for him in the car while he intended to have sex with a 14-year-old girl. This is the individual who pulled his shirt over his head and said, "I don't want to be on the news, dawg" to which Hansen replies, "It's a little late for that, dawg." This segment resulted in 20 convictions.
On June 30, 2009, all the cases made it through the court system. Twenty of the 24 men were convicted of using the internet to solicit a child for sex and some were also convicted of sending harmful material to a child, as some of them emailed pornographic pictures to the decoys. Because these are sex crimes, the 20 convicted men had to register as sex offenders for the rest of their lives. Most of them were also put on sex offender probation.
Fortson, Georgia.
In August 2006, Perverted-Justice announced that the sheriff's department in Harris County, Georgia had arrested 20 men over four-and-a-half days in another sting operation. The investigation in Fortson, Georgia (just north of Columbus and 100 miles (160 km) south of Atlanta) aired on "Dateline NBC" in two parts on September 13 and September 22, and showed a growing awareness of the television series among potential predators; "Dateline" itself was referenced by name several times. Notable arrests included a military staff sergeant who on his knees pleaded with Hansen "not to ruin my life", a devout Christian man whose MySpace page claimed "Jesus Rocks" and that God was his hero, and one man who had said that he had seen the show "about three times on TV already". Several months later, that man was rearrested when he exposed himself to a young girl at a public pool.
Shortly after the first half of this investigation aired, the Georgia Governor's office announced a new Child Safety Initiative which would triple the number of special agents in the Georgia Bureau of Investigation dedicated to catching Internet predators and double the number of forensic computer specialists dedicated to helping prosecute computer crimes.
Petaluma, California.
From August 25 to August 27, Perverted-Justice and "Dateline" worked with law enforcement in Petaluma, California to arrest 29 men in three days. One suspect was later released due to lack of evidence. The resulting investigation aired on "Dateline NBC" on September 29 and October 6. The confrontations took place in the backyard, the first time they were taped outdoors. All of the previous interviews took place in a kitchen or living room.
Several political cartoons published in the wake of the scandal explicitly referenced "To Catch a Predator" by name.
Given the proximity of the sting house to Silicon Valley, the investigation saw several computer engineers arrested, one of whom declared to the police that he was a well-respected man in society with a Ph.D. in computer engineering. Among the more notable arrests was that of a medical doctor who was the vice-president of a major cancer research corporation. Another claimed to be an active-duty Marine Corps sniper who, in his chat, said: "I carry a gun everywhere I go". Police intervened immediately before any confrontation with Hansen and found a shotgun in the individual's truck.
This segment resulted in 26 convictions. In January 2010, Lt. Matthew Stapleton of the Petaluma Police Department credited the sting operation with scaring potential predators away from Petaluma. Referring to later decoy operations by local police, Stapleton said, "As soon as they found out that we were from the Petaluma area, they completely cut off communication with us."
However, after six days of testimony, a judge threw out the case against one of the defendants and criticized the tactics used by "Dateline"’s partner, Perverted Justice for engaging in entrapment.
Long Beach, California.
In September 2006, Perverted-Justice and "Dateline" once again worked with law enforcement in California, this time in Long Beach at 5278 E Mezzanine Way, to arrest 38 men over three days. The Long Beach investigation featured a man who had previously been encountered in the Riverside operation nearly a year earlier, a post-production video editor for Nickelodeon, a software engineer who worked for the United States Department of Defense, and a man soliciting a decoy posing as an 11-year-old ("Dateline's" youngest fictitious age for a decoy to date). This installment also featured a man who met his decoy at nearby Wardlow Park after refusing to meet her at the house. This man had brought the decoy an MP3 player to give her after they had sex and got pulled over for speeding on the way to the meeting. Some predators were ushered out through the back door when it appeared that another predator was on his way to the house, in order to avoid tipping off the next visitor. During some of the encounters in Long Beach, there appeared to be security breaches involving the decoy playing the part of the young teen: one predator was allowed to shake her hand and lean in to kiss her before Hansen walked in, and another was allowed to hug the decoy before being confronted by Hansen. Typically, the decoy is instructed not to have any physical contact with predators, and Hansen usually walks right in when they make a sudden move or request any physical contact such as a hug or a kiss. During this investigation, the presence of the "Dateline" sting operation in town was leaked online through a Craigslist internet posting. Nonetheless, 32 convictions resulted from this segment, which aired on January 30 and February 6, 2007.
Murphy, Texas.
In November 2006, Perverted-Justice announced that another "To Catch a Predator" sting had been conducted with law enforcement in Murphy, Texas. There were 25 men who arrived at the location on Mandeville Drive over four days, with law enforcement investigating additional suspects. The predators included a former church music director and a former police officer in his 60s. Most notably, these additional suspects, who conducted chats but did not arrive at the undercover house, included Kaufman County assistant district attorney Louis W. Conradt Jr., who shot and killed himself on November 5, 2006 at his home when police attempted to serve him with a search warrant. An NBC camera crew was waiting outside the house to capture the scene when the fatal shot was fired. His estate, managed by his sister Patricia Conradt, filed suit against Dateline for US$105 million The case was eventually settled out of court.
This sting was also notable because it prompted protests from local residents, who were opposed to law enforcement officials purposefully attracting sexual predators to their neighborhood. Others countered that these predators were already in the area (or close by) and that this sting revealed them to be sex offenders. This investigation aired on February 13 and February 20, 2007. Prior to the settlement of Patricia Conradt's lawsuit against NBC Universal Inc, acts from the aired February 20, 2007 episode of "To Catch A Predator" were intended to be introduced in civil court.
On June 1, 2007, all 23 cases brought up against those arrested on this installment of the show were declined to be prosecuted by the Collin County prosecutor's office due to insufficient evidence.
The cases were not expected to be considered again. This marks the first segment in which local law enforcement has declined an invitation to prosecute suspects involved in the show. However, one of the cases was successfully prosecuted by the Harris County District Attorney's office after it was determined that one suspect was using computers in Harris County to communicate.
On September 5, 2007, "Dateline" aired the results of the forensic report on Conradt's computer. According to the report, Conradt's "CDs, laptop computers and cell phone all contained pornographic material – some included child pornography."
Flagler Beach, Florida.
In December 2006, Perverted-Justice worked with the police department in Flagler Beach, Florida to arrest 21 men over four days, and the sting was filmed again by "Dateline" at a house on North 13th Street. Aware that potential predators might be reluctant to show up at a house primarily due to repeated "Dateline" investigations, the crew set up a second location at the beach directly across the street from the house. This second location was also rigged with cameras and microphones and had police hiding in a bunker below the deck. Some of the men arrested included a retired truck driver who claimed that he lied during his chat log about wanting to have sex with the underage girl because he is no longer able to achieve an erection, a Taekwondo instructor who masturbated on webcam for the decoy with whom he chatted, and a sheriff's deputy from Alabama who was arrested in a vehicle containing an arsenal of weapons. In one case, two potential predators arrived within five minutes of each other, resulting in Hansen conducting the first dual interview of predators who had each made separate appointments for sex. This investigation aired on February 27 and March 6, 2007, and resulted in 15 convictions.
Mantoloking (Ocean County), New Jersey.
From March 28 to April 1, 2007, Perverted-Justice worked with the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office in Ocean County, New Jersey to arrest 28 men who showed up at "Dateline"s undercover house. The arrests spanned several Northeast states, including Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. The investigation was covered by "Dateline NBC" for a two-show edition of "To Catch a Predator" that aired on July 18 and July 25, 2007. As in the Flagler Beach investigation, a second meeting location was also set up at a nearby beach for those who were reluctant to show up at the sting house.
The female decoy assuming the role of the young teen was played by the 18-year-old daughter of the homeowner who rented out the beachfront house to "Dateline". (It should be noted that this property is strictly used as a summer rental, and neither the decoy nor her father actually live in the home.) She was more interactive in speaking with the predators than in shows past, doing a pre-interview with featured predators before Hansen conducted the main interview. For the first time in the "TCAP" series, "Casey" gave an on-camera interview on what it is like to play a decoy.
Those arrested included a school bus driver, a court administrator, a senior web developer, a bodybuilder, United States Air Force mechanic Ernest C. Timmons (who died from liver failure while awaiting trial), a former firefighter, and a registered sex offender from Pennsylvania who once molested a young girl he had met online. As in previous episodes, most of the men denied an intent to have sex with the teen, yet brought gifts, condoms, and lubricants with them.
This installment of "To Catch a Predator" featured a man who became so ill while being interviewed by Chris Hansen that he passed out and crashed head-first into the bottom section of a counter. After being treated for his injuries, which were not serious, he was arrested. Another man seemed pleasantly surprised at meeting Hansen, shaking his hand before leaving, knowing that he would be arrested immediately afterward. In addition, a man caught in the sting mentioned on-air that he was a religious watcher of "To Catch A Predator". He had heard Chris Hansen on the "Opie and Anthony" radio talk show. He went on to mention he was "really funny." Opie and Anthony commented about the incident on their show the next day.
The home used in the sting operation, located at 1021 Ocean Drive in Mantoloking NJ, was completely demolished by Hurricane Sandy in October 2012.
Bowling Green, Kentucky.
On October 22, 2007, the Warren County District Attorney's Office announced that 29 men were arrested in an internet child sex sting conducted by local police in conjunction with Perverted Justice and "Dateline NBC". Footage of this sting operation aired in an installment of the "To Catch a Predator" series on December 28, 2007. This is the twelfth investigation covered by "Dateline" and host Chris Hansen since the series began in 2004. Perverted Justice partnered with the Kentucky Bureau of Investigation as well as the Attorney General's office in three separate sting operations in three cities in Kentucky, but "Dateline NBC" was only involved in the Bowling Green portion of the operation. The female decoy used by "Dateline" in this operation was the same decoy they had used in the New Jersey operation though her hairstyle was different in order to reduce the possibility of being recognized by one of the predators who had watched the New Jersey investigation. Only seven men showed up to the house during "Dateline"s portion of the investigation, a sharp decline from previous "Dateline" investigations. Among the men arrested include a man with cerebral palsy, a man who was arrested on his birthday while playfully asking the decoy for a birthday kiss, and a man who claimed to be a detective. This last one was tasered due to his claim that he had brought a gun with him. The taser probes failed to stick so police chased him into the house where he was subdued. It was later found out that he was no longer a police officer at the time and had actually been fired. All men arrested face 5–10 years in prison if convicted.
Criticism.
The series has been accused of making news rather than reporting news, blurring the line between being a news organization vs. an agency of law enforcement. Among the more prominent critics of the series has been Brian Montopoli of the CBS News Public Eye blog and formerly of the "Columbia Journalism Review". Montopoli argues that although "Dateline NBC" leaves legal punishment up to police and prosecutors, broadcasting the suspects on national television, in the context of exposing criminal behavior, is already a form of punishment which the media have no right to inflict. Montopoli also suggests that NBC News is more concerned about ratings than actually bringing online predators to justice:
In the United Kingdom, columnist and television critic Charlie Brooker wrote of the show that "when a TV show makes you feel sorry for potential child-rapists, you know it's doing something wrong". He also commented on the "overpowering whiff of entrapment" and the potential for viewer complicity. Brooker also mentioned the selection process for the actress as being disturbing by adding "Presumably someone at To Catch A Predator HQ sat down with a bunch of audition tapes and spooled through it, trying to find a sexy 18-year-old who could pass for 13. They'll have stared at girl after girl, umming and ahhing over their chest sizes, until they found just the right one. And like I say, she's hot. But if you fancy her, you're a paedophile."
In May 2007, a former executive producer for "Dateline" named Marsha Bartel filed a lawsuit against NBC and made assertions about "To Catch a Predator" that contradicted what the show purports to be about. She commented on the relationship the show has with the different police organizations and the group Perverted-Justice.
Entrapment claims.
Montopoli also suggests that "To Catch a Predator" may not be as immune from the defense of entrapment as the show claims. Although Perverted-Justice volunteers wait for the suspect to initiate contact, former "Dateline" anchor Stone Phillips concedes that "... in many cases, the decoy is the first to bring up the subject of sex." Phillips defends this, saying that "... once the hook is baited, the fish jump and run with it like you wouldn't believe." Montopoli contends that this alone may render "Predator"-related cases vulnerable to the defense of entrapment. This situation, however, may fail the "reasonable person" test of entrapment, as there is no persuasion or coercion involved.
The March 2007 issue of "Law Enforcement" magazine, a publication of Officer.com, addressed the entrapment issue from a law enforcement perspective. "Though defendants raised the entrapment issue in Riverside, a judge's ruling later threw it out. The judge ruled it differs from a police officer presenting a handful of drugs to a subject and asking if he wants to buy some. In this scenario, the person's being invited to make a snap decision. In contrast, driving to a meeting location afforded these Internet offenders plenty of time to change their minds." The article continued: "Even so, Perverted Justice puts precautions in place to thwart the entrapment issue. Volunteers never initiate contact with the person; all communication begins with the offender. Later, contributors never instigate lewd conversations or talks of sexual meetings."
Charges dropped.
In June 2007, Perverted-Justice was criticized following a sting operation in Collin County, Texas, as charges against 23 suspected online sex predators were dropped. Collin County Assistant District Attorney Greg Davis claimed the cases were dropped after Perverted-Justice failed to provide enough usable evidence; however, Collin County District Attorney John Roach previously stated his position against the sting was, "We were in the law enforcement business – not show business." Perverted-Justice responded to this change in position with: "We called out the prosecutor's office because we knew they could not defend the claim that the evidence was 'inadequate.'" and "The very idea that we refused to testify or would ever refuse to testify is absurd."
Conflict of interest.
Beginning with the fourth investigation, "Dateline" began paying Perverted-Justice a consultant's fee to do its regular work; the fee was reported to have been over $100,000 for that operation. It was suggested that this payment created a potential conflict of interest for Perverted-Justice, an organization run largely on the efforts of volunteers, and furthermore, that for "Dateline" to pay this fee would be tantamount to paying news sources, widely frowned upon in the journalism industry. In their FAQ, Perverted-Justice defends this consulting fee, citing, among other things, the costs of keeping its website running and the fact that "... everyone except and the predators are being compensated for this massive amount of effort." This was also addressed by the March 2007 issue of "Law Enforcement Technology" magazine. A judge dismissed motions to throw out indictments against seven of the 18 men arrested in the Ohio sex sting. To date, 16 pled guilty and two were convicted at trial. Defense attorneys contended the sting violated state law because of "Dateline"s involvement with Perverted-Justice and petitioned to have related videos, statements and photos suppressed.
The department kept itself separate from "Dateline" staff during the sting as well, to avoid legal hassles later on, says Burns. Officials were positioned in a location near but not inside the house where offenders arrived for meetings. Communications and video equipment permitted authorities to keep tabs on what transpired, and all chats were transmitted directly to officials as they took place. "We didn't want to blur the line of ethics between law enforcement and the media," Burns explained. "We didn't even speak to Dateline officials during the operations."
The potential for conflict of interest was one of several concerns that lead to the non-prosecution of 23 cases in Collin County, Texas. District Attorney John Roach questioned circumstances of the May 2007 sting, stating, "What is exactly the deal between the City of Murphy and NBC? What is the deal between NBC and Perverted Justice? Who's getting paid what? Who has an axe to grind?" Investigative journalist Byron Harris explained, "John Roach knew the money issue would come up in court as part of the required disclosure of benefits received by possible witnesses."
Louis Conradt suicide.
Louis William "Bill" Conradt, Jr. was a Texas district attorney who engaged in sexually explicit online chats and telephone conversations with a Perverted Justice decoy pretending to be a 13-year-old boy. For reasons that are still not known, Conradt stopped responding to phone calls and instant messages, never having made arrangements for a meeting. However, under Texas law, individuals may be charged with committing a crime if they participate in sexually explicit chats with persons identifying themselves as children. Local law enforcement decided to confront Conradt in his home with an arrest warrant, and the To Catch a Predator production team and cameras were present to record the events. Conradt fatally shot himself upon encountering the SWAT team members that were serving the arrest warrant.
Unlike other stings conducted by To Catch a Predator and Perverted-Justice, Conradt's was unique in that the show's producers and police decided to confront Conradt in his home, and that he was pursued despite having never made arrangements to meet with the decoy. Conradt's death prompted increased criticism of the show, and may have been instrumental in its cancellation.
Investigation by "20/20".
On September 7, 2007, the ABC newsmagazine "20/20" aired an investigative report into the "To Catch a Predator" series by ABC News investigative reporter Brian Ross. The report critiqued certain aspects of the specials, and also investigated the controversy over the suicide of prosecutor Louis Conradt, Jr. In the report, two former police detectives with the Murphy, Texas Police Department, Sam Love and Walter Weiss, claimed that the decision to arrest Conradt at his home was made by Hansen, a charge NBC denied. Love and Weiss claimed that the NBC News crew had every intention to confront Conradt, and the attorney for Conradt's family charged that "Dateline" chose to stop at nothing to get Conradt. Love and Weiss also claimed that Conradt's death was shrugged off by many in Murphy's police force, and the two of them left the department in disgust.
Neither NBC News nor Perverted Justice cooperated with Ross' report. NBC News accused ABC News of using the "20/20" report as a hit-piece on the rival newsmagazine "Dateline NBC". "I chalk this up to the usual network silly competitiveness, in a territory of a much more serious handling," NBC News president Steve Capus told "USA Today". "The competitive wars ratings right now are at a very high level...That's fueling this." The allegations were denied by Ross, who was formerly a reporter for NBC News.
Cancellation.
The original episodes of "To Catch a Predator" continue to air occasionally on MSNBC, which also shows a series called "Predator Raw: The Unseen Tapes" which feature Hansen in a studio providing his later reflections and extra information on the original encounters, as well as some additional footage related to production of the episodes that had not previously aired.
However, on July 8, 2009, Chris Hansen mentioned the possibility of "To Catch a Predator" returning on his Facebook status, stating, "Right now we're focused on a number of other topics and once we get those stories done we'll circle around and take a look at some more Predator investigations."
Book.
A spin-off book, "To Catch a Predator: Protecting Your Children from Online Enemies Already in Your Home", was published in 2007.
Popular media.
Adult Swim's "Squidbillies" episode "Tween Steam" is a parody in which Rusty is used as a decoy to lure predators. "30 Rock" aired an episode that showed Liz Lemon's boyfriend, Dennis Duffy, getting caught on "To Catch a Predator". "MADtv" also has done a parody of "To Catch a Predator" in which the predator thinks that Chris Hansen is there for sex too.
"Bro Rape: A Newsline Investigative Report" is a video by comedy group Derrick Comedy parodying "To Catch a Predator" in which a fictitious journalist catches so-called "bros" who sexually assault other "bros".
"The Howard Stern Show" has frequently taken clips of reporter Chris Hansen's questions and combined them with answers from other show staffers in order to make it look like they were guilty of crimes of pedophilia (or worse). "The Boondocks" featured a parody of "To Catch A Predator" on the Season 3 episode "A Date With the Booty Warrior", which aired on June 27, 2010. In this parody, the predator, a spoof of Fleece Johnson, intentionally allowed himself to be caught. His target and victim was not the child, but Chris Hansen himself.
"Robot Chicken" presented a parody sketch in which the predator successfully sues Chris Hansen and NBC, ends up owning the network, and starts changing the programming to be more "predator-friendly". "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" did a parody of the show in the third season episode "Mac is a Serial Killer". "The Simpsons" did a parody in which Chris Hansen confronts Homer for returning used items, claiming to be from "To Catch a Credit-whore". Homer runs off, only to return seconds later in order to sign a release and ask when the show will be airing.
The play "Meat Puppet" is a dark comedy inspired by the events that took place during the Murphy, Texas investigation of "To Catch A Predator". In the play, a reporter for the fictional news magazine show "Red Letter" catches a disgraced film actor soliciting a minor online. When the actor fails to meet the show's decoy in-person, the reporter convinces local authorities to arrest him in his home, live and on-air.
In the opening sequence to the 2006 Emmy Awards program, host Conan O'Brien travels through a montage of scenes based on various popular television shows of the season, including walking into a kitchen where Hansen is waiting to intercept him. The segment did not reference any sexually related material but it is hinted.
Rap group Insane Clown Posse released a song called "To Catch A Predator" on their 2010 album "Bang! Pow! Boom!". In the song, Violent J raps about posing as an underage female over the internet and luring pedophiles to his house to murder them.
The Comedy Central series "South Park" aired an episode titled "Le Petit Tourette", in which Cartman fakes Tourette Syndrome and goes onto Chris Hansen's show. The plot culminates in a scene that centers on Hansen at the end, and uses multiple pedophiles shooting themselves as a plot device and diversionary tactic. The episode also lampooned the Louis Conradt incident, in which multiple pedophiles commit suicide after discovering they have been exposed on the show.
The 12th season "" episode "Pursuit" featured a show titled "Neighborhood Predator", which operated on somewhat the same premise as "To Catch a Predator".
While making fun of prank shows "Tosh.0" says the greatest prank show ever (as opposed to "Punk'd") was "To Catch a Predator."
In the 4th season of "Arrested Development", Tobias Fünke becomes a registered sex offender after inadvertently appearing on "To Entrap a Local Predator," a sting operation hosted by John Beard, similar to "To Catch a Predator." while attempting to catch up with his daughter, Maeby Fünke at the Bluth Company model home where they both previously lived.

</doc>
<doc id="21484337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484337" title="Shades of Gray (Heroes)">
Shades of Gray (Heroes)

"Shades of Gray" is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and fifty-third episode overall. The episode aired on March 9, 2009.
Plot.
Nathan Petrelli discovers Danko's plan to set up Matt Parkman as a terrorist to blow up in Washington D.C. While Matt is surrounded by police forces, Nathan flies over to talk to him. Danko sees Nathan with Matt on news channels, but decides to detonate the bomb anyway. However, "Rebel" intervenes by hacking into the network. Nathan urges Matt to use his powers to see if he can find out how to disarm the bomb by reading the minds of the police around him. Danko gains control of the bomb again, but Matt manages to disarm it in time. Nathan then punches Matt, who is then taken into custody. Later, Nathan tells Danko he will attempt to have him removed from the agency, though Danko responds by saying he heard Tracy Strauss mention Nathan was "one of us." Nathan meets with Tracy, urging her to not to divulge anything. When Danko enters her cell to ask her about Nathan possibly having powers, she replies she has no idea. Later, Danko talks with Noah Bennet about asking Angela Petrelli about Nathan. Noah warns Angela that Danko has set his sights on her, though she replies she'll be ready for him. Danko meets with Angela in New York, and attempts to discover if Nathan has an ability, pointing out that Nathan's brother, daughter and parents all had abilities. Angela denies it, and then brings up a certain incident in Danko's past that had involved the deaths of many people. At this, Danko is visibly stirred and leaves. Afterwards, Nathan notifies Danko that he's been fired after consulting with the President, and decides to appoint Noah in his place. Danko later confronts Nathan with a gun, but instead of killing him, he shoots at the window behind Nathan and pushes him through it. Nathan activates his ability to stop his fall, but in clear view of Danko; Nathan then flies away, leaving a bewildered Danko to ask Noah if he had any idea of it.
Sylar finally arrives at his father Samson's house, an old run-down place that is falling apart. Samson seems indifferent when he meets Sylar, and when Sylar announces his intentions to kill him, he reveals he is already dying from cancer. Samson also reveals he has a power similar to Sylar's, including an acquired ability that paralyzes a person as if they were drugged. He also shares knowledge of Sylar's methodology, picking easy, helpless targets rather than going after "big game." He also suggests Sylar take the fight to Nathan's agency rather than always running from their agents. When Samson witnesses Sylar heal instantly after accidentally cutting himself, he tries to take the ability from Sylar by paralyzing him. Sylar, however, manages to override it. Samson points out that taking his ability will not harm him as he can heal, but Sylar says he doesn't wish for his father to have such a power, and decides to leave. Samson begs Sylar to kill him, but Sylar says his cancer will eventually do so anyway, and leaves. Later, Danko returns to his apartment and discovers Samson's stuffed rabbit on his desk, and Sylar is shown ready to confront him.
Claire Bennet is shocked to find Eric Doyle at her house, who says "Rebel" had told him to ask her for help. Claire refuses to do so, after what Doyle had done to her and her mother. Doyle at first wonders why Claire hadn't been hunted after, and after Claire reveals she had been given a free pass, he accuses her of abandoning her kind for not helping. Doyle insists he's changed, and that she doesn't know what it's like to be hunted. Doyle then leaves after explaining he doesn't want to force her to help. Claire later gets a job at the comic book store, filling Alex Woolsley's position, and after being asked during the interview about what type of hero she would want to be, she wonders if she should have helped Doyle. She then gets a message from "Rebel" warning her that agents have found Doyle. Doyle manages to use his ability to subdue one of the agents, but Claire arrives and knocks out the other. Later, she hands him a folder containing everything he needs to start a life under a new identity. Doyle thanks her, and Claire mentions that she is doing so because it is "who needs to be right now." When Claire asks Doyle if he really has changed, Doyle just smiles and walks away. Later, "Rebel" sends a message to Claire warning that her free pass has expired and that agents are coming to apprehend her. The agents find no trace of Claire in the bedroom; Claire is shown in Nathan's arms, floating outside her window as they look on.
Hiro Nakamura and Ando Masahashi arrive at an address in Los Angeles, under directions from "Rebel" to save Matt Parkman. However, they find out the message had possibly been referring to another person, as they find Matt Parkman to be a baby. The baby's annoyed teenage babysitter is eager to pawn the baby off to them, who believes Hiro and Ando to be her replacement, and then leaves. A confused Hiro is left holding the baby Matt Parkman.
Critical Reception.
Josh Modell of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a C-.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.4 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="21484339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484339" title="Coffeeville, Texas">
Coffeeville, Texas

Coffeeville is a ghost town in northeastern Upshur County in East Texas. It is one of the oldest settlements in East Texas.
History.
The town lies south of Texas State Highway 155 and five miles west of Lake O' the Pines in "pine country." The place is named after early settlers, the Coffee family, although some accounts claim that the name's origin is from the smell of brewing coffee at campsites in the area or from when a green coffee bean was spilled in the area and took root.
The town first developed when the town of Jefferson, Texas was a riverport and Coffeeville was around one day's journey west. Coffeeville was also a resting and resupplying point for wagon trains headed west. The area was settled by former Southern plantation owners between 1845 and 1866.
According to the "Handbook of Texas":
The town declined during and after the American Civil War. During the war the town, at the request of Governor Edward Clark, was a training site for the Confederate soldiers. Following the war, railroad routes bypassed the town and its population steadily dwindled, from 2000 in 1887 to 152 in 1904 and 50 in 1946. The post office closed in 1915, and by 1940 only two stores remained. In 2000 there was a reported population of 50, but except for a small church building nothing remains in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="21484345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484345" title="Nicolae Martinescu">
Nicolae Martinescu

Nicolae Martinescu (24 February 1940 – 1 April 2013) was a Romanian wrestler and Olympic Champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich Martinescu received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling in the "heavyweight" class. He was later awarded the title of Merited Master of Sport of the USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="21484370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484370" title="Sir John Ainsworth, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Ainsworth, 1st Baronet

Sir John Stirling Ainsworth (30 January 1844 – 24 May 1923) was an English industrialist, banker and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Ainsworth was the son of Thomas Ainsworth of Cleator Moor, Cumberland. His mother was Mary Laurie daughter of John Stirling a Doctor of Divinity from Craigie in East Ayrshire. He was educated at University College School, London and at University College, London where he obtained MA and LL.B degrees. In 1879 he married Margaret Catherine daughter of Robert Reid Macredie. They had one son and two daughters. His wife died in 1918. His brother, David Ainsworth (1842–1906) was Liberal Member of Parliament for West Cumberland from 1880–1885 and for Egremont from 1892-1895.
Career.
Ainsworth had interests in the iron mines and related industries in Cumberland. He was Chairman of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway. He was also involved in banking, being a director of the Whitehaven Joint Stock Bank which later merged with Parr’s Bank, of which Ainsworth then became director of the Cumberland and Westmoreland local board.
Politics.
Ainsworth contested the Barrow-in-Furness constituency at the 1886 general election. He faced the sitting Member of Parliament, William Sproston Caine who had been elected earlier that year in a by-election as a Liberal but had switched to the Liberal Unionist Party. Ainsworth did not fight the general elections of 1892 or 1895 but in 1900 he was chosen to contest Argyllshire. He did not win but got the chance to fight the seat again in 1903 at a by-election when the sitting member, Donald Ninian Nicol, died. At the by-election, which was held on 26 August 1903, Ainsworth won in a straight fight against a Unionist candidate, Mr. C Stewart, by a majority of 1,586 votes. Whilst an MP he voted in favour of the 1908 Women's Enfranchisement Bill. He held the seat until 1918 when he stood down from Parliament.
Other public service.
Ainsworth was High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1891 and was later Deputy Lieutenant of Cumberland and of Argyllshire. He commanded the 3rd Volunteer Battalion, the Border Regiment from 1898-1902. He also served as a Justice of the Peace in Cumberland. He was created a baronet in 1916. In 1910 he was a member of the Royal Commission on Mines.
Death.
Ainsworth died on 24 May 1923 aged 79 years.

</doc>
<doc id="21484372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484372" title="Federal budget (economics)">
Federal budget (economics)

In economics, a federal budget is a plan for the Federal government’s revenues and spending for the coming year.

</doc>
<doc id="21484382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484382" title="Joshua B. Huckeby">
Joshua B. Huckeby

Joshua Brannon Huckeby (February 13, 1802 – March 22, 1889) was a 19th-century American politician and lawyer. Huckeby represented Perry County in the Indiana House of Representatives during the 21st, 27th and 29th sessions of the Indiana General Assembly. He served as Prosecuting Attorney for the 3rd Indiana District Common Pleas Court from 1854 to 1856.
Family.
He was born near the courthouse at Liberty, Bedford County, Virginia, to John Huckeby, Sr. (1774–1827) and his wife, Frances Anne (Brannon) Huckeby (1781–1851). John was a local farmer. In 1805, John and his family left their home near the "Peaks of the Otter" and moved to Barren County, Kentucky, living successively in Garrard, Lincoln and Breckinridge counties.
His paternal grandparents were Thomas Huckaby and Keziah Self. Thomas was born in Virginia but later settled in Kentucky. His ancestors had come from the east of England to Virginia during the reign of Charles II. Keziah was the daughter of William Self of Cumberland County, Virginia.
His mother's father, Lawrence Brannon was of Irish descent. His wife, Olympias (Loudoun) Brannon had been left an orphan in infancy.
Early life and marriage.
In common with most of his contemporaries of the frontier he grew up without the privilege of even a common school education. Altogether his schooling did not amount to a term of three months.
In 1823, he left Breckinridge County, Kentucky and came to Perry County, Indiana settling near the town of Rome. There he met Rebecca "Becky" Lang (1808–1891) and after a brief courtship they were married at Rome by her stepfather, Lemuel Mallory (1763–1851), on April 4, 1824. Joshua and Rebecca Huckeby were the parents of nine children, three sons and six daughters: Mary Ann (1826–1864), Rachel Littell (1828–1883), Eliza Ellen (1830–1901), Elizabeth (c.1833–1852), John Lang (1835–1882), William Lamb (c.1838–1903), Sarah Jane (1840–1852), Isabelle (1845–1909) and Thomas Jefferson (1847–1849).
The family moved from Rome to Cannelton c. 1848. As in Rome, he operated a tavern in Cannelton for a while. In 1856, he bought a house from R. Henry Gay on Taylor Street. This house would come to be known as the "Virginia Place."
Political career.
Huckeby was elected a Justice of the Peace in 1833, served on the county board of school examiners in 1836, and was county surplus revenue agent in 1843. He represented the county in the General Assembly of the State for the sessions of 1836–37, 1842–43 and 1844–45, but lost for state representative in 1846 and 1850. He was a staunch Whig while that party maintained its organization, and in 1860 was an Elector for John Bell and Edward Everett. After this he united with the Republican party and became its earnest and sincere supporter. His bitter and unrelenting opposition to the Democratic party often led him into unpleasant controversies, however.
Fellow members of the same legislature, with whom Huckeby was more or less closely associated, regardless of political differences, were James D. Williams, William A. Bowles, Samuel Hanna, David Macy, David P. Holloway, and William Hayden English. Huckeby also corresponded with Robert Dale Owen of New Harmony, Indiana.
From 1854 to 1856, he served as prosecuting attorney for the 3rd Indiana District Common Pleas Court, discharging his duties with marked ability, and for several years thereafter practiced his profession with vigor and success. For several years of the latter part of his life, from 1871 to 1884, he served as postmaster at Cannelton.
The bent of his mind was decidedly political. He was a natural born politician. Politics was his meat and drink, and nothing so delighted him as the opportunity to engage in political discussion in which he was apt to engross most of the time. On the stump he was a formidable antagonist and his experiences in this respect has probably never been equaled in Perry County. His knowledge of the roads, streams and by paths, the ravings and hollows, the school houses and places of public resort in Perry county was surpassed by no one.
His grandson, Thomas James de la Hunt, Jr. (1866–1933) wrote this of his grandfather, "He was a marked example of the Old School politician, violently unrelenting in many inherited prejudices, and always delighting to dwell reminiscently upon the political triumphs of those early years when–it was his favorite boast–he knew every man in Perry County, his politics, his religion, and the nighest way to his house."
Civil War.
Huckeby was a supporter of the Union. In the 1860 presidential election, Huckeby's southern birth and conservatism allied him with the Constititional Union party, and he was placed upon the Bell and Everett ticket as elector for the First District of Indiana, to which Perry County then belonged. However, in this sentiment he was not upheld by his wife and his two sons who were Lincoln adherents. His wife, Rebecca, was a distant cousin of John Henninger Reagan of Texas, Postmaster General of the Confederate States of America.
In 1861, at the outbreak of the Civil War, Governor Oliver P. Morton of Indiana ordered that Perry County send its muskets to Indianapolis for the war. However, the weapons were removed by local residents and hid on Huckeby's property. A reward was offered for their return, but it was some time until the circumstances connected with the removal of the weapons were divulged.
In 1864, Huckeby entertained Captain Edmund Morgan of the USS Springfield at his home "Virginia Place". This house, which is still standing, was built during the early 1850s and is believed by locals to be haunted. The house remained in the Huckeby/DeLaHunt family from 1856 to 1933. In 2007, Jill Harris Newton published a book about this entitled "Ghosts of the Virginia Place."
His two sons, Captain John Lang Huckeby and William Lamb Huckeby, served in the Civil War. His daughter, Rachel Littell (Huckeby) Mason was president of the Ladies' Patriotic Aid Association which supplied the Quartermaster-General at Indianapolis with much needed clothing for soldiers. Her husband, Judge Charles Holland Mason (1822–1894) served as a colonel during the war. His youngest daughter, Isabelle Huckeby, married Major Thomas James de la Hunt, Sr. (1835–1872) after the war.
Death.
Huckeby died at his home "Virginia Place" in Cannelton on the morning of March 22, 1889, at 87 years of age. He was survived by his wife and three children. His funeral took place from St. Luke's Episcopal Church on 24th. As the oldest Freemason in the county, his local lodge and the neighboring lodges from Tell City, Indiana and Hawesville, Kentucky were in attendance. He was interred in Cliff Cemetery in Cannelton.
His grandson, Thomas James de la Hunt, Jr. (1866–1933) was a well-known writer and newspaper columnist.

</doc>
<doc id="21484397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484397" title="Kansas City BBQ">
Kansas City BBQ

Kansas City BBQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21484412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484412" title="Roller Hockey International arenas">
Roller Hockey International arenas


</doc>
<doc id="21484416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484416" title="William Wynn">
William Wynn

William Wynn or William Wynne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21484428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484428" title="Business game (disambiguation)">
Business game (disambiguation)

A business game is a simulation game which simulates a business.
The expression may also refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="21484432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484432" title="Peter I of Armenia">
Peter I of Armenia

Catholicos Peter I Ketadarz (? - died 1058) () was the Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church between 1019 and 1058. He was the brother of a former Catholicos Khachig I. He was the author of several works of sermons, anthems, and elegies on early Christian martyrs. 
He was surnamed Ketadarz because he was said to have miraculously turned the current of a river toward its source. In later years Peter moved to Sebastia but later returned to Ani, at which point he was viewed with suspicious due to his long time away. He was induced to retire to Vaspurakan and remained shut up in a convent for four years in the early 1030s. The king appointed Deoskoros, abbot of Sanahin, as the new pontiff but the bishops would not recognize his authority. Deoskoros named a number of people described by historian Michael Chamich as "low" and "vile" to the priesthood and reinstated bishops who had been expelled for vices. This caused great disorder within the church and the clergy declared the king and other supporters of Deoskoros as anathema. To avoid this the king sent for Catholicos Peter to restore him to the pontifical chair. Deoskoros and those he appointed were defrocked.
In 1042 after an interregnum in Armenia an assembly of generals named Gagik II the new king who Peter crowned. Gagik was overthrown after three years by the Byzantines when they captured Ani. A new governor was sent to Ani form Greece and Catholicos Peter was exiled from the city. He was soon seized by order of the emperor and taken to Constantinople where Peter was given a residence to keep him away from Armenia. He was taken to Sebastia by one who had pledged to the emperor that the Catholicos would not escape and he lived there for five years in the convent of the Holy Cross. He was eventually able to return from Armenia and died at an advanced age after a reign of 40 years. His nephew was elected as Khachig II of Cilicia.

</doc>
<doc id="21484441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484441" title="Loggins">
Loggins

Loggins may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="21484479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484479" title="Glaphyrina caudata">
Glaphyrina caudata

Glaphyrina caudata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to New Zealand.
Habitat.
This sea snail is found in shallow water to depths of about 110 m.
Shell description.
Shell rather small, elongated fusiform, solid, with a moderately long canal. Sculpture consisting of subequal narrow spiral cords, 
about 10 on the penultimate whorl, the interspaces shallow, much broader than the cords upon the base, where they have a fine spiral thread; axial sculpture formed by numerous vertical broadly rounded ribs, 15 to 20 on the body whorl, where they become obsolete below the periphery. Colour light - yellowish, the spirals reddish - brown. Spire elevated conic, of the same height as the aperture with canal; outlines straight. Protoconch of 2 smooth whorls, small and globose. Whorls 8, regularly increasing, convex, very lightly shouldered, the last somewhat inflated; base excavated. Suture not much impressed. Aperture large, oval, broadly angled above, produced below into a fairly long oblique and open canal, rounded at the base. Outer lip convex, sharp, lightly lirate inside. Columella subvertical, slightly concave. Inner lip narrow, spreading over the parietal wall, narrowed below, and forming the inner edge of the canal. Operculum unknown.
The shell height is up to 49.5 mm, and width up to 21 mm.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="21484493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484493" title="Leigh Miller">
Leigh Miller

Leigh Miller (born August 17, 1905, date of death unknown) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the gold medal with the Canadian relay team in the 4×110 yards event. In the 100 yards competition he was eliminated in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="21484524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484524" title="Jack (hero)">
Jack (hero)

Jack is an archetypal Cornish and English hero and stock character appearing in legends, fairy tales, and nursery rhymes, generally portrayed as a young adult. Unlike moralizing fairy heroes, Jack is often portrayed as lazy or foolish, but through the use of cleverness and tricks he usually emerges triumphant. In this way, he may resemble a trickster.
Some of the most famous include "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Jack Frost", "Jack the Giant Killer", "Little Jack Horner" and "This Is the House That Jack Built". While these heroes are not necessarily congruous, their concepts are related and in some instances interchangeable. The notion of "Jack" is closely related and sometimes identical to the English hero John. He also corresponds with the German Hans (or Hänsel) and the Russian Iván.
"Jack tales" are also popular in Appalachian folklore. 
Richard Chase, an American Folklorist, collected in his book "The Jack Tales" many popular Appalachian Jack tales as told by descendents of Council Harmon. Council Harmon's grandfather, Cutliff Harmon, is known to very possibly be the one who originally brought the Jack tales to America. As pointed out by folklorist Herbert Halpert, the Appalachian Jack tales are an oral tradition as opposed to written, and like many Appalachian folksongs, trace back to sources in England. For instance, where the English original would feature a king or other noble, the Appalachian Jack tale version would have a sheriff. Some stories feature Jack's brothers, Will and Tom. Some Jack tales feature themes that trace to Germanic folk tales.

</doc>
<doc id="21484547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484547" title="Gheorghe Berceanu">
Gheorghe Berceanu

Gheorghe Berceanu (born 28 December 1949) is a Romanian wrestler and Olympic Champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. 
Olympics.
Berceanu competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich and received a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the "light flyweight" class. 

</doc>
<doc id="21484549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484549" title="Werner Gerhardt">
Werner Gerhardt

Werner Siegfried Friedeman Gerhardt (3 February 1907 – 1966) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the South African relay in the 4×110 yards event as well as in the 4×440 yards competition. In the 100 yards contest he finished fifth and in the 220 yards event he finished sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="21484566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484566" title="Adrian O'Connor">
Adrian O'Connor

Adrian O'Connor (born January 11, 1972) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Ireland. He competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where he did not qualify for the final in his two individual starts (100m and 200m backstroke). He was born in New Ross, Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="21484572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484572" title="Remote Sensing Center">
Remote Sensing Center

The Remote Sensing Center (RSC) at the Naval Postgraduate School was established to bring together a range of capabilities and expertise to address problems of military and intelligence importance, as well as environmental and civil concerns. It is specialized in a variety of remote sensing technologies designed to enable people to look beyond the range of human vision in range or in spectral perception.
Mission.
Members of the RSC come from the physics, electrical and computer engineering, computer science, meteorology, and oceanography departments. They are collaborating to develop new remote sensing systems, as well as use and exploit current systems in air and space. It is part of a larger activity in the Monterey Bay area that provides expertise in topical areas outside the technical disciplines available at NPS.
The Naval Postgraduate School, and specifically the Remote Sensing Center, has the ability to handle classified data, as well as access to a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) that is fully equipped with comms, storage, and processing capabilities. The RSC has pre-established cooperative research with government, academia, and industry in the remote sensing sector ranging from local to international partners. Highly experienced military officers, intelligence analysts, and faculty are a critical part of the NPS research staff.
Projects.
LiDAR.
"LiDAR" (Light Detection and Ranging) works as an optical analog to radar in the visible spectrum of light with advantages related to the smaller wavelengths of the laser pulse. LiDAR ranges in wavelength from ultra-violet (0.3-0.45 µm) to visible (0.45-0.70 µm) to the infrared (1-15 µm). LiDAR can detect much smaller particles than radar in the atmosphere (which cannot detect things smaller than cloud particles), and thus can be used for aerosol detection.
The raw form of data is a set of x,y,z coordinate points. With recent advances, resolution has improved dramatically. Raw data can be processed to remove unwanted areas or features. Outputs such as topographic maps with contour lines can also be derived from LiDAR. Programs to manipulate LiDAR data include ENVI, ERDAS IMAGINE, ArcInfo, and ESRI ArcView (with 3D analyst ext.) One useful derivation of LiDAR data is the DEM (Digital Elevation Model). DEMs are displayed in a raster format with a matrix. The DEM has a specified cell size that corresponds to the earth’s surfaces. The cell contains the average elevation of the points within it. 
The Remote Sensing Center is planning research projects that undertake the modeling and testing of analytical processing and using more fieldwork to obtain ground-truth measurements. Projects have been completed and are currently underway in terrain classification including Elkhorn Slough and hidden trail identification. Other future projects include a collaboration with the MOdeling, Virtual Environments, and Simulation (MOVES) institute on LiDAR standards for data structure and visualization tools and modeling new LiDAR analysis tools.
Spectral Imagery Analysis.
Spectral imagery measures the spectral character of materials within the visible range and beyond. Two objects may appear visually identical but may be distinguished through examination of their spectral properties. Computer software can use a color scheme to make them visible.
A subset of spectral imagery, hyperspectral imaging data, is produced when "solar electromagnetic energy reflected from the earth's surface is dispersed into many contiguous narrow spectral bands by an airborne spectrometer" (Stefanou, 1997, p. 2). Our current research and projects include environmental mapping, target detection, and change detection.
The Remote Sensing Center works with airborne and satellite systems including IKONOS/Quickbird multispectral imagery (MSI), and airborne hyperspectral imaging (HSI) systems including AVIRIS, HYDICE, CASI, and HYMAP. Classification and analysis, including atmospheric compensation is performed using standard industry research tools; notably ENVI and ERDAS Imagine. The RSC has acquired a polarimetric camera for expanding experimentation in the visible spectrum.
Intelligence.
The Remote Sensing Center benefits from the secure facilities at NPS. Having the ability to process classified data with an on-site, fully equipped Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) allows students and faculty to pursue lines of research and work with technologies unavailable to the public.
The sustained efforts of fully funded graduate students, both military and civilian with an average of eight to ten years of field experience, have conducted research in an array of topics related to remote sensing.
Degree Programs.
The Remote Sensing Research and Education Program (RS-REP) is an interdisciplinary program to promote Remote Sensing technical education and research advancement to ensure that the Intelligence Community is fully supported for technology evolution. The combined agency program is sponsored by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency in support of its Image Analysts.
Classified Education and Research
One of the unique benefits of education opportunities at the Naval Postgraduate School is access to classified data, as well as the ability to produce classified theses. NPS sets the bar for classified intelligence research as well as academic excellence in a secure environment. NPS is fully equipped with a SCIF, a Classified Library, and many faculty members cleared to the Top Secret (SCI) level, commodities unavailable at most civilian universities.
Curriculum and Program Description
The curriculum course matrix was approved by the NPS Academic Council New Curriculum Committee in January 2009.
The curriculum is designed to be modular with three elements of interdisciplinary study: foundation technical skills, Remote Sensing technology and techniques, and intelligence applications. Several of the courses are taught at the TS (SCI) level. Current clearance is not required for admission, however an active TS (SCI) clearance must be obtained by the time coursework is started as there is not time to complete the process once classes have begun. Ideally students are involved in research requested and funded by their sponsoring agency to ensure that the research products from the program are relevant, viable and timely.
The degree program is 12 months (4 quarters) and includes thesis research. All students are required to complete a thesis for graduation (IAW with their sponsoring agency's research needs).
Sponsorship
The Remote Sensing Center is looking to expand interest in Remote Sensing education throughout the RS product stakeholders within the government, military and intelligence communities. Agencies interested in sending their employees (or hiring employees via the Scholarship for Service programs) are encouraged to contact us to discuss their education needs.
References.
Anthony W Davis Jr.- Lieutenant, United States Navy
September 2007
Advisor: Richard Olsen
Second Reader: David Trask
Marcus Stavros Stefanou, Electrical Engineering, June, 1997.
Fermin Espinoza-Lieutenant Commander, United States Navy
Robb E. Owens-Major, United States Air Force
September 2007
Advisor: Richard Christopher Olsen
Second Reader: Mark C. Abrams
Mark A. Camacho-Lieutenant, United States Naval Reserve
September 2006
Advisor: Dr. Daria Siciliano
Co-Advisor: Dr. Richard C. Olsen

</doc>
<doc id="21484604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484604" title="Muskeg Formation">
Muskeg Formation

The Muskeg Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Givetian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from the Muskeg arctic soil that covers the northern reaches of western Canada, and was first described in the California Standard Steen River 2-22-117-5W6M well (situated north of Zama Lake) by J. Law in 1955.
Lithology.
The Muskeg Formation is evaporitic and carbonatic, with salt, anhydrite, dolomite and limestone.
Distribution.
The Muskeg Formation occurs in the northern half of the Elk Point Basin, in north-eastern British Columbia and north-western Alberta. It reaches a maximum thickness of .
Relationship to other units.
The Muskeg Formation is disconformably overlain by the Watt Mountain Formation and is underlain by the Keg River Formation. It can be correlated with the Pine Point Formation, Presqu'ile Formation and Sulphur Point Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21484611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484611" title="John Chandler (athlete)">
John Chandler (athlete)

John Andrew Chandler (21 November 1907 – 1969) was a South African athlete who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the bronze medal with the South African relay in the 4×440 yards competition. In the 880 yards contest he finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="21484643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484643" title="Vernadsky State Geological Museum">
Vernadsky State Geological Museum

The Vernadsky State Geological Museum is the oldest museum in Moscow. It was founded in 1755 and is now an earth science and educational centre of Russian Academy of Sciences.
History.
Mikhail Lomonosov had studied mining principles in Germany, concluding that "it is necessary to use not only books, but objects of Nature", and it was he who came up with the principals of the charter of Moscow Imperial University, founded in January 1755, and for the founding of its geological museum. The following month the Demidovs presented "the Mineral Study of Genkel" to the university. This collection was exhibited to the public in 1759 in the library of Aptekarsky House in the Department of Medicine. In 1778 Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov donated his own collection, along with 100,000 roubles for its maintenance, to the university and the new Faculty of Natural History and Agriculture was named after him. In 1791 the Study became the Museum of Natural History, in 220m² of the main building's Assembly Hall on Mokhovaya street, the museum's present site.It was transferred to the left-hand side of the first floor in 1805 (with Fischer von Waldheim made its director), but in 1812 most of its collections were lost in the burning of Moscow after , though its most valuable specimens were evacuated to Nizhny Novgorod and the losses were made up by donations and new purchases once the French invasion of Russia had been finally expelled. These donations included one in 1813, from Pavel's nephew Nikolay N. Demidov, of his "collection of the natural collections". In 1814 the Museum was set up again, this time on Bolshaya Nikitskaya street.

</doc>
<doc id="21484653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484653" title="Michele Morosini">
Michele Morosini

Michele Morosini (1308 – 16 October 1382) was the Doge of Venice for a few months, from 10 June 1382 to his death in October the same year.
Born in one of the most important Venetian families, Morosini was extremely wealthy. Opinions about him are varied, though, and he is seen either as a devoted servant of the Republic, or as a speculator who enriched himself on real estate during the hard times of the War of Chioggia, fought between Venice and Genoa between 1378 and 1381.
Elected after the death of Doge Andrea Contarini, he died very soon of the plague and was buried in the church of San Zanipolo, a traditional burial place of the doges. He was married to Cristina Condulmiero.
His statue (number 31) is erected in the outer ring in the southeast quarter of the Prato della Valle in Padova.

</doc>
<doc id="21484666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484666" title="Inclusion Body Disease">
Inclusion Body Disease

Inclusion Body Disease (IBD) in the boid family of snakes, particularly "Boa constrictor", has been recognized since the mid-1970s. It is so named because of the characteristic intracytoplasmic inclusions which are observed in clinical examinations in epidermal cells, oral mucosal epithelial cells, visceral epithelial cells, and neurons. In the 1970s and 1980s the disease was most commonly observed in Burmese pythons, "Python molurus bivittatus". From the 1980s till the present day, it has been most commonly observed in boa constrictors, "Boa constrictor" from S. America.
All boid snakes should be considered susceptible to the disease. Many zoos quarantine boas specifically as a result of this high risk before introducing them into their permanent collections and (breeding) programs. While the disease has not been identified in non-boid snakes, it is yet unknown whether non-boid snakes harbour the virus. The primary host of this virus has not yet been identified but mites are thought to be primary hosts or at least a contributory factor.
Its distribution is worldwide, specifically in captive boid snakes. Its occurrence in the wild is unknown. Strangely enough, the disease has only been identified in adult and sub-adult specimens. Even so, all age groups are considered susceptible. There are also anecdotal reports of the infection in neonates. A retro-like virus infection was suspected as the causative agent of IBD, but identification of highly divergent arenavirus sequences from Boa constrictors with IBD (Stenglein et al., 2012; Bodewes et al., 2013) suggested arenaviruses to be the etiological agent of IBD. Cell culture isolation of several arenaviruses from boid snakes with IBD further solified, but did not yet confirm, the etiological relationship between IBD and arenaviruses (Hetzel et al., 2013). 
Clinical signs.
Clinical signs may vary, regurgitation and neurological symptoms being the most prominent in the early and later stages of its progression. 
In boa constrictors, the first signs may include off and on regurgitation, and some develop head tremors. Dysecdysis (abnormal shedding) may occur. Some develop chronic regurgitation and anorexia of appetite or refusal to feed. However, not all infected snakes may regurgitate. Boas lose weight and may develop clogged nares (nostrils), stomatitis or secondary pneumonia. The disease can rapidly progress to produce nervous system disorders, such as disorientation, "corkscrewing of the head" and neck, holding the head in abnormal and unnatural positions, rolling onto the back or "stargazing". Stomatitis, pneumonia, undifferentiated cutaneous sarcomas, lymphoproliferative disorders, and leukemia have all been observed in affected specimens. Burmese pythons generally show signs of central nervous system disease without manifestation of other clinical signs and regurgitation is not seen in Burmese pythons, only in boas. These are symptoms similar to those seen in specimens infected by Chlamydia–specifically Chlamydophila psittaci, the so-called parrot's disease.
Several snakes have been seen with proliferative pneumonia, while inclusions are commonly seen in the liver, kidney, and pancreas. Cases have also been observed where there are only very few inclusions. In a few snakes with signs of central nervous system disease, and with a severe encephalitis, no inclusions have been seen in any cells. While the presence of characteristic inclusions is diagnostic for the disease, the absence of such inclusions does not necessarily indicate that the snake is not diseased or is free from the IBD virus. While cells having inclusions may show mild degenerative changes, inflammation is rarely seen in visceral tissues. In the brain, mild to severe encephalitis occurs, with lymphocytic perivascular cuffing. Several snakes with lymphoproliferative disorders have been identified with lymphoid infiltrates in multiple organs.
Laboratory diagnosis.
The disease can be diagnosed in live snakes through blood tests. For hematologic and plasma biochemical 
determinations performed in affected specimens, 0.6 ml of blood was placed in each of three microtainer tubes containing lithium heparin. All samples were submitted for hematological and plasma biochemical determinations within 30 min after collection. This is essential. Whole blood examination included RBC, WBC, differential WBC, and determination of PCV, and Hb concentrations. Plasma biochemical analyses also included determination of concentrations of sodium, potassium, chloride, carbon dioxide, urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, calcium, glucose, phosphorus, total bilirubin, cholesterol, uric acid, total protein, albumin, globulin, alkaline phosphatase, SGOT, SGPT. For comparative purposes, clinically affected boa constrictors were arbitrarily categorized as either acutely affected (<2 months following onset of signs) or chronically affected (>2 months following onset. Acutely affected snakes exhibit leukocytosis, relative lymphocytosis, lower total 
protein and globulin values, and significantly higher SGOT values than do chronically affected snakes Juergen, Elliott R. Jacobson, Bruce L. Homer, Jack M. Gaskin – 1994.
Primary route of transmission.
The primary route of transmission has not yet been identified. This is most probably by direct contact but may also be a result of its transmission to developing embryos in viviparous species and eggs in oviparous species. Venereal transmission is also indicated as a possibility. The snake mite, Ophionyssus natricis has been implicated as a possible vector for the virus since mite infestations are commonly seen in epizootics of IBD and in captive specimens of these snakes. There is still much to be learned about the pathology caused by these mites. There is more in mites than meets the eye; they are every snake-keeper's nightmare and sometimes very difficult to eradicate due to their resistance to certain toxins used to eliminate them. 
Permethrin and Laxazol of which contain the active agent permethrin are known to be effective against mite infestations, but should be used with great caution and only in small quantities due to their toxic nature. There are also several non-chemical substances that may be just as effective. These biological agents are sprayed onto the infested animal and desiccate the mites, rendering them unable to lay their eggs or consume blood beneath the scales of their host infested snake or other reptile. The incubation period for mite eggs is thought to be about 10–14 days, so the treatment should be repeated after 10 days to ensure that any eggs that hatch or larvae that develop into nymphs are also quickly eliminated from the host before reaching sexual maturity and able to repeat their reproduction cycle.
Prognosis and treatment.
To date, there is no known treatment of the disease IBD. Snakes diagnosed with IBD or suspected of having the disease should be euthanized since there is no known cure and because progression and transmission of the virus is both very rapid and destructive. All newly acquired snakes should therefore be quarantined for at least 3–6 months 6 months before being introduced into established collections. The recommended period of quarantine for any wild caught boa or python is at least 4–6 months.
Note.
Because mites are considered as a primary risk in the transmission of the disease [and other diseases in reptiles, the control and elimination of mite infestations in all reptile enclosures is crucial. Wooden cages (e.g. plywood) should not be used to house boids or should be discarded, unless sealed with urethane or some other reliable sealeant in order to prevent the migration of mites from one enclosure to the next. Fiberglass cages of infected snakes should be cleaned with chlorox and left to dry properly before being used to house other snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="21484684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484684" title="Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm">
Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm

Far Away, Down on a Georgia Farm is an album of American musician Norman Blake, released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21484695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484695" title="Earl McCarthy">
Earl McCarthy

Earl McCarthy (born February 8, 1969) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Ireland. He competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where he did not qualify for the finals in either of his two individual events, the 100m and 200m freestyle.
Earl is the Women In Sport Manager for Swim Ireland and took up his position in September 2008. He is a former Irish Olympian in swimming (Atlanta 1996), previous Irish record holder and National Irish Champion in the 100m & 200m freestyle events. In 2003 he became the oldest male winner of a national title, winning the Men's 100m freestyle. In addition, Earl has over ten years of coaching experience both in Germany and in Ireland. Earl holds a First Class Honour Degree in Sports Management from University College Dublin. He also has a National Certificate in Health and Fitness and he is currently undertaking a postgraduate diploma in Law. Earl is responsible for managing various Women In Sport Initiatives, all of which are supported by the Irish Sports Council. His main work ambition is to successfully implement the strategic objectives of Swim Ireland in relation to female participation in sport. These objectives range across all areas of the aquatics and include participation, learn to swim, coaching, governance and officiating, Additionally he aims to further develop innovative commercial projects, relationship building with key stakeholders and delivery of programmes which fall in line with the Irish Sports Council and with Swim Ireland. Earl's hometown is Dublin, where he currently resides.
In 2012, McCarthy was an analyst on the 2012 Olympics swimming coverage on RTE Sport. 

</doc>
<doc id="21484720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484720" title="St. Aristaces I">
St. Aristaces I

Saint Aristaces also known as Aristakes () was assigned by St. Gregory I the Enlightener as the next Armenian Catholicos in line of Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church, to stabilize and continue strengthening Christianity not only in Armenia, but also in the Caucasus Albania and Anatolia. He was the second son of St. Gregory I the Enlightener to his wife Miriam and his older brother was Vrtanes. At the time, the position was hereditary and assigned to the Parthian dynasty.
Gregory also placed and instructed his grandson Gregory (Aristaces’ nephew and one of the sons of his brother Vrtanes) in charge of the holy missions to the peoples and tribes of all of Caucasian Albania. His nephew was martyred by a fanatical mob, while preaching in Albania. After reaching his late eighties St. Gregory I the Enlightener withdrew to a small sanctuary near Mount Sebuh (Mt. Sepuh) in the Daranali province (Manyats Ayr, Upper Armenia) with a small convent of monks, where he remained until his death. Aristaces governed from 325 until 333.

</doc>
<doc id="21484721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484721" title="2008 in Ecuadorian football">
2008 in Ecuadorian football

The 2008 season is the 86th season of competitive football in Ecuador.
National team.
Women's U-20 team.
The women's U-20 team participated in the South American Women's U-20 tournament in Brazil. They were drawn into Group A and finished third in the group; they failed to advance.

</doc>
<doc id="21484728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484728" title="God and eternity">
God and eternity

The idea of eternity as it relates to God is an important concept in Theology. Theists say that God is "eternally existent". How this is understood depends on which definition of eternity is used. On one hand, God may exist "in" eternity, a "timeless" existence where categories of past, present, and future just do not apply. On the other hand, God will exist "for" or "through" eternity, or at "all times", having already existed for an infinite amount of time and continuing to exist for an infinite amount of time. One other definition states that God exists outside the human concept of time, but also inside of time. The reasoning for this definition is that if God did not exist both outside time and inside time, God would not be able to interact with humans.
Augustine of Hippo wrote that time exists only within the created universe, so that God exists outside time:
See all the biblical passage 2Pe:3:8: “But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.”
Two Senses.
There is ample biblical evidence that God is eternal, but the Bible is less clear on which of the two senses is true. The first sense, and perhaps the one with the longest pedigree, is that God exists independently of time. On this view, we cannot say that God has lived for a certain number of years or will live a certain number of years into the future. The second notion is to say that God is in time but everlasting. This is sometimes called "sempiternity". Both conceptions agree that God's existence never ends. They disagree on whether God is in time or outside of it.
John Feinberg, in his book "No One Like Him" argues for God's omnitemporality over his timelessness. Although agreeing with Craig that that the biblical data are compatible with both views, Feinberg believes that it is easier to make sense of the notion of omnitemporality over atemporal eternity. Feinberg finds it difficult to believe that an omniscient, supremely rational being could know everything there is to know without being temporal. He also believes that the concept of fellowship is easier to understand on the omnitemporal model. Scripture also points to God as having fellowship with and interacting with human beings at various points in their lives, which seems difficult to understand unless there is a temporal sequence in God's thought life. Regardless, Feinberg affirms that both views are fully theologically orthodox, and that divine timelessness does have the advantage of not potentially slipping into the heretical notion of process theology.

</doc>
<doc id="21484751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484751" title="Delta M">
Delta M

The Delta M or Thor-Delta M was an American expendable launch system used for thirteen orbital launches between 1968 and 1971. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets.
The Delta M had a three stage configuration. The first stage was the Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, previously flown on the Delta L. Three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to the first stage to increase thrust at lift-off. A Delta E was used as the second stage, and the third stage was a Star-37D solid rocket motor. On the final flight, six boosters were flown instead of three, in a configuration known as the Delta M6, or "Super Six".
All thirteen launches were made from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The maiden flight was on 18 September 1968, and carried the Intelsat 301 satellite. It failed to reach orbit after it went out of control and was destroyed by range safety. The fifth flight also failed, leaving Intelsat 305 in an unusable orbit, due to a third stage malfunction. Of the thirteen launches, twelve carried geosynchronous communications satellites. The thirteenth, which was the final flight and the only one in the M6 configuration, placed Explorer 43 into a highly elliptical orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="21484770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484770" title="SGR J1550-5418">
SGR J1550-5418

SGR J1550-5418 is a soft gamma repeater (SGR), the sixth to be discovered, located in the constellation Norma.
Long known as an X-ray source, it was noticed to have become active on 23 October 2008, and then after a relatively quiescent interval, became much more active on 22 January 2009.
It has been observed by the Swift satellite, and by the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope, launched in 2008, as well as in X-ray and radio emission.
It has been observed to emit intense bursts of gamma rays at a rate of up to several per minute.
At its estimated distance of 30,000 light years (~10 kpc), the most intense flares equal the total energy emission of the Sun in ~20 years.
The underlying object is believed to be a rotating neutron star, of the type known as "magnetars", which have magnetic fields up to 1015 gauss, about 1000 times that of more typical neutron star X-ray sources. See Orders of magnitude (magnetic field) for examples of other magnetic field strengths.
The rotation period, ~2.07 s, is the fastest yet observed for a magnetar.
The first observation of "Light echos" from a gamma-ray source, a phenomenon long known for visible stars such as novas, have been observed from SGR J1550-5418.
The location of SGR J1550-5418 (aka AXP 1E 1547.0-5408), is RA(J2000) = 15h50m54.11s, Dec(J2000) = -54°18´23.7´´.

</doc>
<doc id="21484794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484794" title="Flower from the Fields of Alabama">
Flower from the Fields of Alabama

Flower From the Fields of Alabama is an album by the American musician Norman Blake, released in 2001.
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="21484796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484796" title="Perrottetinene">
Perrottetinene

Perrottetinene is a naturally occurring cannabinoid compound found in the New Zealand liverwort plant "Radula marginata" and other species from the "Radula" genus, along with a number of similar compounds. Its chemical structure closely resembles that of THC, the main active component of marijuana, and it is thought that perrottetinene may also be an active cannabinoid agonist although detailed pharmacological investigation of the compound has yet to be reported. Stereoselective synthesis of perrottinene has also been carried out to investigate the activity of its different enantiomers. 

</doc>
<doc id="21484800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484800" title="Monty Montgomery (American football)">
Monty Montgomery (American football)

Delmonico Lamont "Monty" Montgomery (born December 8, 1973 in Dallas, Texas) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the Indianapolis Colts (1997–1999), the San Francisco 49ers (1999–2000), the Philadelphia Eagles (2001), and the New Orleans Saints (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="21484826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484826" title="John Baylor (American football)">
John Baylor (American football)

John Martin Baylor is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="21484838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21484838" title="St. Vrtanes I">
St. Vrtanes I

Vrtanes also known Saint Vrtanes () was Armenian Catholicos in the Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church. Vrtanes succeeded immediately after St. Gregory I the Enlightener and Aristaces as third in line in the-then hereditary Parthian line of Catholicoi. Vrtanes was the first son born to St. Gregory I the Enlightener to his wife Miriam and his younger brother was Aristaces. He was the father of St. Husik I and Gregory by an unnamed wife. He reigned from 333 to 341.

</doc>
