<doc id="21379989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21379989" title="Ponte alla Carraia">
Ponte alla Carraia

The Ponte alla Carraia is a five-arched bridge spanning the River Arno and linking the district of Oltrarno to the rest of the city of Florence, Italy. To the west is a weir, the Pescaia di Santa Rosa, and the Ponte Amerigo Vespucci, and to the east is the Ponte Santa Trinita. The piazzas on either bank are the Piazza Nazario Sauro (south) and the Piazza Carlo Goldoni (north). At the northernmost column of the bridge a family of coypus live in a dam.
History.
The first mention of the bridge (then built in wood) dates from 1218. Destroyed by a flood in 1274, it was soon reconstructed, but fell down again in 1304 under the weight of a crowd who had met to watch a spectacle. It was the first bridge in the city rebuilt after the 1333 flood, perhaps under design of Giotto. Again damaged in 1557, it was remade by will of Grand Duke Cosimo I de' Medici, who assigned the project to Bartolomeo Ammannati. 
Enlarged during the 19th century, the bridge was blown up by the retreating German Army during World War II (1944). The current structure is a design by Ettore Fagiuoli, completed in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="21379990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21379990" title="Thomas Zampach">
Thomas Zampach

Thomas Zampach (born December 27, 1969 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German football player and coach. As of February 2009, he is an assistant manager with SV Wehen Wiesbaden II and he also plays for the amateur team FC Schloßborn. He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2. Bundesliga for 1. FSV Mainz 05 on August 13, 1991 when he came on as a substitute in the 70th minute in a game against FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="21379994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21379994" title="Holy Jim Volunteer Fire Department">
Holy Jim Volunteer Fire Department

The Holy Jim Volunteer Fire Department (HJVFD) is a group of volunteer firefighters in a remote Orange County, California canyon in the Cleveland National Forest.
The chief of the department is elected to the position by members of the community and department. Some of the members of the fire department are certified and trained in CPR, first aid, swiftwater rescue and fighting wildfires.
The department performs four to six rescues of lost hikers a year and maintains its own stationhouse, two fire engines, three 5,000 gallon water tanks, a mile of water lines in the canyon and maintains its own weather station gauge at the stationhouse. The department also maintains the road leading into the canyon and organizes work parties to repair potholes and other damage to the unimproved dirt road.
The firefighters have also responded to major traffic collisions on the surrounding roadways and provide comfort to friends and families who have suffered a loss due to the traffic collisions.
Orange Coast Magazine also featured a four page article on the firefighters in October 2008 [http://www.orangecoastmagazine.com/article2.aspx?id=10726&page=1]
Notes.
The station house now has only one fire engine. The other engine, Gertrude, was donated to a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21380007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380007" title="Razer Hydra">
Razer Hydra

The Razer Hydra (previously known as Sixense TrueMotion) is a motion and orientation detection game controller developed by Sixense Entertainment, a company founded in 2007, in partnership with Razer USA. It uses a weak magnetic field to detect the absolute position and orientation of the controllers with a precision, as stated by its developers, of 1 mm and 1°; it has six degrees of freedom. The current release is wired, but a wireless version is in development.
The game controller has been showcased many times with different video games and 3D modeling applications, most prominently ', "Portal 2", "Team Fortress 2", "Left 4 Dead 2", "World of Goo", ' and "Half-Life 2".
A partnership with Valve was announced, and said company appears as a partner, alongside Razer and Intel. No word has been said by the game developer but they helped Valve modify "Left 4 Dead 2" and other Valve games to be played with the Razer Hydra Motion control, and an official SDK is available for download in Steam's 'Tools' page.
It was subject to a demo under the name Sixense Truemotion and tested to a close focus group of PlayStation Underground Members in August 2008, where its full functionality in various types of games was shown.
It is now called the Razer Hydra and has been released through Steam and Razer's official website on June 16, 2011, for US$139.99. It is being sold in a bundle with "Portal 2", which has exclusive content for those with the controller. Support for many other games is either implemented or planned. According to a forum post, from December 2010, Sixense is also working on musical control with the controller.
"Portal 2".
The Razer Hydra comes bundled with an enhanced version of "Portal 2". It features a more advanced portal gun with new gameplay mechanics. One new ability is Portal Surfing, which lets the portal gun drag, move and rotate either portal after it has been created. Another is 1-to-1 mode with the portal gun's object carrying beam, which lets you extend the beam many metres and freely move and rotate the carried object in 6 degrees of freedom.
It includes the full "Portal 2" game, plus a new set of tutorial levels to teach the new mechanics, and two more sets of levels based around the new mechanics.
The default controls for the game allow the player to look around, or move and rotate the carried object or portal, by moving their right hand. Flicking the left hand up, or pressing a button on the right controller, makes you jump. The left analog stick controls movement. The triggers fire or move portals.

</doc>
<doc id="21380011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380011" title="Dimitrie Popescu">
Dimitrie Popescu

Dimitrie Popescu (born 10 September 1961 in Straja) is a retired Romanian rower. During his career Popescu won four medals in the Olympic games, including two medals in Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="21380025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380025" title="OSI-7904L">
OSI-7904L

OSI-7904L is a novel noncompetitive liposomal thymidylate synthase inhibitor. OSI-7904 is a benzoquinazoline folate analog with antineoplastic activity. As a thymidylate synthase inhibitor, OSI-7904 noncompetitively binds to thymidylate synthase, resulting in inhibition of thymine nucleotide synthesis and DNA replication.
OSI-7904L is a liposome-encapsulated formulation of OSI-7904. Liposome encapsulation improves the efficacy and increases the half-life of OSI-7904.
Its effect on solid tumours is currently under evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="21380028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380028" title="Ivan Fedorovich Nikishov">
Ivan Fedorovich Nikishov

Ivan Fedorovich Nikishov (also Nikishev) (; 1894 – August 5, 1956) was a Russian general of the NKVD and director of Dalstroy.
Biography.
Nikishov was born in 1894 the son of a peasant and joined the Communist Party in 1919. He entered a career in the NKVD and became its head for Azerbaijan in 1937, where he directed the purges.
In 1938 and 1939 he was the head of the NKVD at Khabarovsk.
In 1940 Nikishov was appointed director of the Dalstroy organization. At Magadan he divorced his wife and married the commandant of the women's camp, Alexandra Gridassova (rus.). The couple established a life of luxury in the Siberian wilderness replete with servants, cooks, chauffeurs, and a cultural brigade for entertainment. Nikishov increased the gold production from the Kolyma mines. His difficulties in securing supplies for his operation were solved when the Lend-Lease program went into effect; he could divert cargo delivered to Magadan for services in the Gulag. Ships of the Dalstroy fleet were sent to the United States for overhaul and repair for their duty to transport prisoners to the Gulag. In 1944, Nikishov and NKVD general Goglidze were successful in presenting to the impressionable Henry A. Wallace, the American Vice President, a sanitized version of the Dalstroy enterprise.
Investigations for abuse of state funds and debauchery were initiated and he retired in 1948. He died in his bath in 1956.
Nikishov was a candidate member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1939 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="21380041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380041" title="Tsarong">
Tsarong

Tsarong Dazang Dramdul (; ) commonly known simply as Tsarong or by his title Tsarong Dzasa, born Namgang (1888–1959) was a Tibetan diplomat, military figure, economist, civil engineer and close aide of the 13th Dalai Lama. He was an important figure in the early twentieth century conflict with the Chinese and was active in protecting Tibet militarily as the Commander in Chief of Tibet. Eager to accelerate economic progression and pursue the modernisation of Tibet, Tsarong believed that the old order in Tibet had to be broken by hierarchical reforms to prepare the way for a more modern society which would be compatible with the outside world. In his efforts to build up Tibet's defense systems and relations with European powers as well as to facilitate trade and strengthen the Tibetan currency, he made a series of diplomatic visits to British India. His diplomatic skills came to see him regarded by the British as being, "the most powerful friend of His Majesty's Government in Tibet" Eventually captured by the Chinese in March 1959, dying later in a prison in Lhasa, today Tsarong Dzasa is considered one of the most important figures in 20th-century Tibet.
Growth of a military leader: 1888–1913.
Namgang Dazang Damdu was born into a peasant family in Phenpo, north of Lhasa in 1888 according to the Tibet Museum (other sources suggest 1885). As a child he demonstrated an unusually high level of intelligence and advanced abilities. In 1900, he was recognised by Khangnyi Jipa, a monk who served as an official of the Norbulingka palace and took on Namgang as his pupil at the age of twelve, considered very young at the time. Within a short amount of time he was employed in the personal service of His Holiness, the 13th Dalai Lama.
Namgang accompanied the Dalai Lama in his trip to Mongolia in 1903 and from then on became his closest servant. The Dalai Lama grew increasingly fond of Namgang during the first decade of the 20th century. He was said to greatly admire the dedication and hard work that Namgang contributed in his service and became one of his favourites. The Dalai Lama compassionately named him ‘Chensel’ Nangang; ‘Chensel’ literally meaning ‘visible to the eyes’, because Namgang was constantly in his presence. As the Dalai Lama grew in trust of Namgang and his abilities, he became increasingly important not only as a servant but as an adviser. In April 1908, for instance, he was entrusted to sign the Trade Regulations in Calcutta on behalf of the Tibetan Government.
Namgang played an important role in the pre-Xinhai Revolution defense against the Qing. When in March 1910, the 13th Dalai Lama fled into exile to British India, Namgang remained behind at Chaksam Ferry with an army of Tibetan soldiers, and resisted the Qing troops who were attempting to thwart the passage of the Dalai Lama to India. The Qing suffered a humiliating defeat as well as a significant number of casualties and his success in the battle and protection of the spiritual leader and country won him notable acclaim in the eyes of many Tibetans who referred to him as the ‘Hero of Chaksam’. Shortly afterwards he guided the Dalai Lama to India and resided with him in Darjeeling for well over a year. 
In the autumn of 1911 he was sent by the Dalai Lama to Shigatse, forcing the Qing garrison to surrender their arms and ammunitions and leave. While in India, in early 1912, the Dalai Lama appointed Namgang as the official Commander-in-Chief of Tibet, awarding him the title of Dzasa. He would soon take the other name, Tsarong, in July 1913 from his marriage to the eldest daughter of the late Kalon Tsarong Shap-pe whose prestigious title, "Shap-pe" and state entitlements he inherited. Early in 1912, after his appointment as commander, Tsarong was sent to Lhasa to work in close cooperation with the War Department established by the officials of the Tibetan government, Trimon and Chamba Tendar. In Lhasa they formulated and co-ordinated a revolt against the Qing forces, which had become increasingly weak in Tibet following the collapse of the Manchu Qing Dynasty and the ongoing Chinese revolution. The Qing army lacked supplies and reinforcements and were forced to surrender on 12 August 1912 after force from an army led by Tsarong. Following victory, the Dalai Lama returned from exile, declaring the Independence of Tibet in early 1913.
International diplomacy and ideologies of modernisation: 1914–1932.
In September 1915 Tsarong visited Sikkim on diplomatic purposes and visited India again on a pilgrimage in 1924. Following the declaration of Tibetan Independence and victory, Tsarong became a leading figure in Tibet in the 1910s and the decades that followed, and was entrusted with a significant amount of responsibility for the running of Tibet. His status was something unique in Tibet, growing to possess military, political and economic power. In conjunction he was not only the Commander-in-Chief of the Army, but became Senior Cabinet Minister and later Head of the Tibetan Mint and Armoury after 1933. 
Tsarong gained practical and theoretical experiences by visiting neighboring countries and educating himself about their national policies and strategies. He learned that for a state to be successful, there must be not only a great value placed on internal domestic unity and prosperity, but the country must exert a strong military presence and engage in active diplomacy with foreign nations to affect the balance of international power in favour of Tibet. This strong military force in Tsarong's ideology must also exert power over those within the country, driving out the threats from internal disunity and taking away local and class privileges in favor of a centralised military-based elite, a modern Tibetan state. However, although Tsarong was very popular with many ordinary Tibetans throughout Tibet, Tsarong's revolutionary ideas of modernisation and a dramatic restructure of local aristocrats and estates made him strongly disliked by many of the aristocracy or authoritative monks in Tibet who viewed him as a serious threat to their historical privileges and order. 
In the 1920s the aristrocrats in Tibet plotted for his downfall and utilised the opportunity to do so while he was on leave in India in 1924. On his return from India in 1925, Tsarong was deprived of his Commander-in-Chief title and was subsequently demoted out of the Kashag. Despite this he remained a powerful figure and notably had strong support from the monks of one of Tibets important monasteries, Drepung who he had aided during a fracas in 1929. 
Tsarong would continue to make visits back and forth to Sikkim throughout the rest of life, making a memorable trip to Gangtok in 1940 in which he met with the Maharaja of Sikkim, which has been captured in photographs.
Economic progression in Tibet and the growing threat from the Chinese: 1933–1959.
Tsarong was prominent in the economic affairs of Tibet throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Following the death of His Holiness the 13th Dalai Lama in 1933, Tsarong was appointed the Head of the Arsenal-Mint, the Gra bshi DNul Khang. This department had a number of functions, including to improve the quality of paper currency, stock pile arms, and to introduce electricity into Lhasa. In 1947, Dzasa along with ministers Trunyichemmo Cawtang and Tsipon Shakabpa spearheaded the Tibetan Trade Mission of the mint which sought to strengthen Tibet's currency and to increase hard gold reserves against paper.
Dzasa was notably concerned about the weakness of the financial situation and Tsipon Shakabpa recounted the economic situation in Tibet and Dzasa's aims at this time; 
"In 1947 there was little of either grain reserves or gold. Tsarong was worried about this situation since we continued to print new paper currency. He always used to say that the paper money had to have some hard backing; that a currency note means that the government guarantees the value of the note in gold or some other commodity. He also used to talk about a foreign country where all the people suddenly came and asked to change paper money into silver and gold and the government had nothing, so the finance minister had to commit suicide." 
During this period Tsarong was also an active figure in civil engineering works and buildings in Tibet. In 1937 for instance he supervised the construction a steel bridge over the Trisum River, about eight miles from Lhasa, on the main trade route from Lhasa to India and western Tibet. Immediately after its completion, Tsarong began planning a more ambitious structure across the Kyichu, the Kyichu Bridge which was to be located east of Lhasa. The project was given the seal of approval from the Tibetan government and Tsarong had organised the purchase of steel girders from Calcutta to be used to construct it. However, growing concerns over the Chinese meant the project had to be abandoned. Later after the Chinese successfully annexed Tibet, they would finance a notable bridge at Perong, close to the original site. 
In the late 1940s and 1950s the threat from the Chinese grew increasingly ominous. In 1959 a revolt broke out in Lhasa against the Chinese invasion. Tsarong had been appointed to use his diplomatic skills to head a delegation to negotiate with the Chinese authorities in Lhasa but before negotiations could be finalized, Lhasa came under fire with bombing of the Potala and Norbulingka palaces. Several hundred Tibetans died in the attack and Tsarong and a number of other important officials were captured during the battle, or others died. Shortly after his arrest, on 14 May 1959, Tsarong died in a Chinese military prison in Lhasa.
Personal life.
Tsarong was said to be able to speak Russian, Mongolian and Hindustani. He was described by the British as "the most powerful friend of His Majesty's Government in Tibet" and being "very friendly to British officials". He was described as "wealthy, with great energy, sound sense and was progressively minded".

</doc>
<doc id="21380053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380053" title="Terrorist incidents in Iraq in 2003">
Terrorist incidents in Iraq in 2003

In 2003, there were 25 suicide bombings executed by 32 attackers.

</doc>
<doc id="21380075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380075" title="Itex">
Itex

Itex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21380081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380081" title="Rusty Lance">
Rusty Lance

Rusty Lance is a single released by Japanese pop and folk musician Akeboshi. Sony Music Entertainment Japan released the single on October 19, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21380099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380099" title="Piazza Santa Trinita">
Piazza Santa Trinita

The Piazza Santa Trinita is a triangular square in Florence, Italy, named after the church of Santa Trinita on the west side of the square. Near the middle of the square is an ancient Roman column known as the Column of Justice due to the sculpture of "Justice" on the top. Several Renaissance palazzos surround the square, as well as the medieval Palazzo Spini-Ferroni, now the headquarters, flagship store, and museum of famous Italian shoe designer Salvatore Ferragamo.

</doc>
<doc id="21380100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380100" title="Ljubljana Hippodrome">
Ljubljana Hippodrome

Ljubljana Hippodrome () or Stožice Hippodrome (), a horse racecourse stadium in the capital of Slovenia, is the main sport venue of this kind in the country. It is only 3 kilometres north from the center of Ljubljana. It was built in 1957. It is the seat of 'Horse Club Ljubljana'.

</doc>
<doc id="21380101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380101" title="Anne Holmlund">
Anne Holmlund

Anne Elisabeth Holmlund (born April 18, 1964) is a Finnish politician and Interior Minister of Finland since 2007 until 2011. She has been a Member of Parliament for the National Coalition Party since 2002.
Political career.
Holmlund has been a member of the city council of Ulvila since 1989, and the council chairman 2001-2002 and 2005-2007. She was a member of the kaupunginhallitus 1993-2000 and the vice-chairmain 2003-2004. She has been a Member of Parliament for the National Coalition Party since 2002. On April 19, 2007 she was chosen to be Interior Minister in Matti Vanhanen's second cabinet.
After the Kauhajoki school shooting in September 2008 Holmlund came under considerable pressure from some members of parliament, particularly those in the Left Alliance, to quit for failing to change legislation in order to prevent the shooting. A similar event in Jokela had taken place barely a year earlier. Leading the call for her deposition was Anneli Lapintie; Tarja Filatov, parliamentary group leader of the opposition Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP) also questioned the government over what it had done since the Jokela incident. Minister of Finance Jyrki Katainen issued his full support to Holmlund. A survey by pollster Taloustutkimus for YLE showed that dissension towards Holmlund was not widespread: only a quarter of members from smaller parties felt she should step down, only 10% of SDP members (with 80% supporting her to stay on), and 90% of the government's partners wanted her to hold onto her ministry. Amongst the population, 82% felt she should continue. Holmlund herself stated at a news conference that resignation "would be tantamount to desertion".
Personal life.
Holmlund is married to Jarmo Peltomaa, and her father was Ilmari Holmlund, a known politician from Pori.

</doc>
<doc id="21380117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380117" title="Richard Mabuza">
Richard Mabuza

Richard Mabuza (born 3 March 1946) is a Swazi athlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in the men's marathon, where he finished in 17th place.

</doc>
<doc id="21380118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380118" title="Coming of Rage">
Coming of Rage

Coming of Rage is the third album album by the Pittsburgh heavy rock band Motorpsychos. 
The album was released in January 2009. It was recorded about a year earlier, in late 2007 and early 2008, but the release was delayed while the band investigated record company offers for distribution and promotion. The band eventually released the album independently.

</doc>
<doc id="21380125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380125" title="List of places named for their main products">
List of places named for their main products

The following places were named for their main products:

</doc>
<doc id="21380127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380127" title="CICS Northtown Academy">
CICS Northtown Academy

Chicago International Charter School (CICS) - Northtown Academy is a charter high school in North Park, Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school is administered by Civitas Schools. The school is located at the intersection of Pulaski Road and Peterson Avenue and the school's address is 3900 West Peterson Avenue.
Located on Chicago’s Northwest side, CICS Northtown Academy is a college preparatory high school dedicated to offering students a rigorous college preparatory education where our students demonstrate the intellectual skills, the cultural competence, the belief in self, and the engagement in community necessary for success in school, college, the workplace and life.
Founded in 2002, its primary goal is to educate 9th to 12th grade students for college. Its athletics include baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, soccer, softball, tennis, track sports, and volleyball. It has a variety of other extra-curricular activities including a student council, a National Honors Society, an Asian Student Alliance club, a sound club, and a Latin Dance club.
On April 3, 2009 teachers at Northtown, in conjunction with their colleagues at the two other Civitas Schools campuses, filed Authorization for Representation cards with the Illinois Educational Labor Relations Board to be the first charter teachers in Chicago to be represented by a union, the Chicago Alliance of Charter Teachers & Staff.

</doc>
<doc id="21380145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380145" title="Grass">
Grass

Grasses, or more technically graminoids, are monocotyledonous, usually herbaceous plants with narrow leaves growing from the base. They include the "true grasses", of the family Poaceae (also called Gramineae), as well as the sedges (Cyperaceae) and the rushes (Juncaceae). The true grasses include cereals, bamboo and the grasses of lawns (turf) and grassland. Sedges include many wild marsh and grassland plants, and some cultivated ones such as water chestnut ("Eleocharis dulcis") and papyrus sedge ("Cyperus papyrus").
Uses for graminoids include food (as grain, sprouted grain, shoots or rhizomes), drink (beer, whisky, vodka), pasture for livestock, thatch, paper, fuel, clothing, insulation, construction, sports turf, basket weaving and many others.
Ecology.
Graminoids include some of the most versatile plant life-forms. They became widespread toward the end of the Cretaceous period, and fossilized dinosaur dung (coprolites) have been found containing phytoliths of a variety that include grasses that are related to modern rice and bamboo. Grasses have adapted to conditions in lush rain forests, dry deserts, cold mountains and even intertidal habitats, and are now the most widespread plant type; grass is a valuable source of food and energy for all sorts of wildlife and organics.
Graminoids are the dominant vegetation in many habitats, including grassland, salt-marsh, reedswamp and steppes. They also occur as a smaller part of the vegetation in almost every other terrestrial habitat.
Many types of animals eat grass as their main source of food, and are called "graminivores" – these include cattle, sheep, horses, rabbits and many invertebrates, such as grasshoppers and the caterpillars of many brown butterflies. Grasses are also eaten by omnivorous or even occasionally by primarily carnivorous animals. Grasses are unusual in that the meristem is located near the bottom of the plant, hence can quickly recover from cropping at the top.
In the study of ecological communities, herbaceous plants are divided into graminoids and "forbs", which are herbaceous dicotyledons, mostly with broad leaves.
Agriculture.
Plants of this type have always been important to humans. They have been grown as food for domesticated animals for up to 6,000 years. (See grass fed beef.) They have been used for paper-making since 2400 BC or before. The most important food crops are the grains of grasses such as wheat, rice and barley. They have many other uses, such as feeding animals, and for lawns. There are many minor uses, and grasses are familiar to most human cultures.
Lawns.
In some places, particularly in suburban areas, the maintenance of a grass lawn is a sign of a homeowner's responsibility to the overall appearance of their neighborhood. One work credits lawn maintenance to:
Many municipalities and homeowners' associations have rules which require lawns to be maintained to certain specifications, sanctioning those who allow the grass to grow too long. In communities with drought problems, watering of lawns may be restricted to certain times of day or days of the week.
The smell of the freshly cut grass is produced mainly by cis-3-Hexenal.
Sports turf.
Grass is important in many sports, notably with those played on fields such as American football, Association football, baseball, cricket, and rugby. In some sports facilities, including indoor domes and other places where maintenance of a grass field would be difficult, grass may be replaced with artificial turf, a synthetic grass-like substitute. Sports such as golf, tennis and cricket are particularly dependent on the quality of the grass on which the sport is played.
Cricket.
In cricket, the pitch is the strip of carefully mowed and rolled grass where the bowler bowls. In the days leading up to the match it is repeatedly mowed and rolled to produce a very hard, flat surface for the ball to bounce off. The quality of the preparation can have a considerable influence on the game; a relatively grassy pitch will favor bowlers and a hard and dryer pitch, with less grass remaining, will typically favor batsmen (at least initially). As the grass dries out and is damaged over the course of the match the pitch's characteristics will change, resulting in batting on the first day of a test match being vastly different from batting on the same pitch after several days of play.
Golf.
Golf is very dependent on a quality grass surface. Grass on golf courses is kept in three distinct conditions: that of the "rough", the "fairway", and the "putting green". Grass on the fairway is short and even, allowing the player to cleanly strike the ball. Playing from the rough is a disadvantage because the grass is generally much longer, which may affect the flight of the ball. Grass on the putting green is the shortest and most even, ideally allowing the ball to roll smoothly over the surface. An entire industry revolves around the development and marketing of grasses for golf courses.
Tennis.
In tennis, grass is grown on very hard-packed soil, and the bounce of a tennis-ball may vary depending on the grass's health, how recently it has been mowed, and the wear and tear of recent play. The surface is softer than hard courts and clay (other tennis surfaces), so the ball bounces lower, and players must reach the ball faster resulting in a different style of play which may suit some players more than others. The most famous grass tennis court in the world is Centre Court at Wimbledon located in England, home of the Wimbledon Championship. This is considered the most expensive lawn in the world.
Fiction.
Walt Whitman's poetry collection Leaves of Grass is the most famous reference to grass. In the title, "grass" and "leaves" are a pun that serves as an understatement for one of the major lyrical works in American literature. Incidentally, grass is a term given by publishers to works of minor value and leaves is another name for the pages on which they were printed.
Grass also plays a role in two science fiction catastrophe novels from the 1940s and 1950s, Ward Moore's "Greener Than You Think", in which the world is slowly taken over by unstoppable Bermuda Grass, and John Christopher's "The Death of Grass", in which a plague that kills off all forms of grass threatens the survival of the human species. 
In Alice Munro's story "Save the Reaper" (1998) there is an important allusion to the idiomatic saying "To hear the grass grow"; in the book version of Munro's work, the aging protagonist remembers her grandfather telling her when young that "at night you could hear the corn growing" in the region where the story is set. The protagonist hears the grass grow in ways that are central to the story's significance on the topic of retelling, or rather, in an act of self-censorship, of leaving untold certain experiences of the recent past.

</doc>
<doc id="21380169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380169" title="Musée de Picardie">
Musée de Picardie

The Musée de Picardie is the main museum of Amiens and Picardy, in France. It is located at 48, rue de la République. Its collections stretch from prehistory to the 19th century and form one of the largest regional museums in France. 
The museum building was purpose-built for a regional museum (one of France's first such buildings) between 1855 and 1867. The Second Empire style building was designed by architects Henri Parent and Arthur-Stanislas Diet. It was built thanks to action by the Société des Antiquaires de Picardie, keen to give the city somewhere to house the collections the society had gathered over decades.
Collections.
Archaeology.
Housed in the basement from
Medieval.
12th to 16th centuries, with the main pieces being the Puys d'Amiens, masterpieces of Gothic art from Amiens Cathedral.
Fine arts.
French and foreign painters from 17th to 20th centuries, with artists such as:
Pierre Puvis de Chavannes painted monumental frescoes on the museum's main staircase and first floor galleries, including the two large symbolic frescoes "Peace and War" (1861) and "Work and Rest" (1863).
Musée de l'Hôtel de Berny.
Located near Amiens Cathedral, the Hôtel de Berny is an annexe of the Musée de Picardie. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380172" title="H.W.B. Gifford">
H.W.B. Gifford

H.W.B. (Birkmyre) Gifford (born ca. 1830, England – died ?) was a Dutch chess master.
Biographical information on H. Gifford is scarce. He was first unofficial Dutch Champion when shared 1st with Benjamin Willem Blijdenstein (A.H. van Blijdenstein in other sources) and won a play-off game against him at The Hague 1873. He shared 1st with A. de Lelie at Amsterdam 1874 (NED-ch) but lost a play-off game to him, and again won at Rotterdam 1875 (NED-ch).
He took 11th in the Paris 1878 chess tournament (Johannes Zukertort and Szymon Winawer won), and tied for 5–6th at Paris 1881 (Edward Chamier won).

</doc>
<doc id="21380177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380177" title="Comparethemarket.com">
Comparethemarket.com

comparethemarket.com is a UK price comparison website that is part of the BGL Group. The website also offers other on-line companies the ability to provide their customers with a co-branded or white labelled comparison service.
Founded in 2006, the website achieved significant success in the market following the launch in 2009 of an advertising campaign featuring a series of meerkat characters, after which it became the third-largest price comparison website in the UK.
History.
The website was set up by Budget Group (now BGL Group) in early 2006, following a strategic decision to concentrate on areas with significant growth potential – it sold its high street business to Swinton as part of the same review. It competes with other aggregators operating in the same field, such as moneysupermarket.com (launched in 1993), Confused.com (2001), gocompare.com (2006) and Quotall.com (2010).
In mid-2007, comparethemarket.com struck a deal, reputedly worth £5 million, with UK TV Channel 4 to sponsor its drama output. The idents were created by VCCP, a subsidiary of Chime Communications plc, which comparethemarket.com had appointed in March 2007 to manage its £20 million advertising account. In March 2008, the website launched an advertising campaign on Virgin Radio which asked listeners and online audiences to compare artists and bands with musical legends for the chance of winning tickets to major gigs.
Compare the Meerkat campaign.
In January 2009, the company launched an advertising campaign created by VCCP with characters designed, and adverts directed, by Darren Walsh at Passion Pictures. The adverts feature a CGI Russian meerkat character named "Aleksandr Orlov", voiced by Simon Greenall, who pleads with viewers looking for cheap car insurance to stop confusing his meerkat comparison website "comparethemeerkat.com" with "comparethemarket.com", due to the similarity between the words "meerkat" and "market". Comparethemeerkat.com, a website created by the advertising agency, does indeed allow visitors to compare meerkats, and was reporting more than 2 million hits per month by late 2010.
According to Nielsen Online, the number of monthly unique visitors to comparethemarket.com increased from 218,000 in February 2008 to 1.1 million in February 2009, driven by the successful campaign. By July 2009 it was ranked as the third-largest price comparison website in the UK.
In August 2009 an opinion piece in "The Guardian" newspaper accused the advert series of racism for mocking Eastern European accents. However, the Advertising Standards Authority, following a complaint by the author of the article, stated that it had not received any similar complaints.
From July 2011, any customer purchasing insurance or credit card via comparethemarket.com receives a cuddly meerkat toy.
In November 2012, the website started sponsoring the long-running soap opera Coronation Street on ITV1 in a three-year deal, costing around £30 million.
Other adverts.
In December 2012 another advert was launched this time featuring Maurice Wigglethorpe-Throom (played by Robert Webb) the founder of Compare the Market and his assistant Spencer who find out about Aleksandr (who makes a cameo appearance in a photograph) and Compare the Meerkat.

</doc>
<doc id="21380180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380180" title="Stefan Zinnow">
Stefan Zinnow

Stefan Zinnow (born 28 May 1980 in Weinheim) is a German footballer who currently plays for Kickers Obertshausen.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for Eintracht Frankfurt on 4 April 1999 when he came on as a substitute in the 9th minute in a game against VfL Bochum (he was substituted in the 65th minute).

</doc>
<doc id="21380188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380188" title="Validity (disambiguation)">
Validity (disambiguation)

Validity is a property of a logical argument.
Validity may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21380196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380196" title="Jules Roulleau">
Jules Roulleau

Jules Roulleau (1855, Libourne - Paris, 1895) was a French sculptor. He produced a monumental sculpture of Joan of Arc at Chinon, "Lazare Carnot" at Nolay, "Théodore de Banville" in the Jardin du Luxembourg in Paris and "Nicolas Appert" (1893) at the musée des Beaux-Arts de Châlons-en-Champagne.

</doc>
<doc id="21380199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380199" title="Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve">
Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve

Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve () is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Tarija Department, in the Cercado Province, Eustaquio Méndez Province, and José María Avilés Province. It protects part of the Central Andean puna and Bolivian montane dry forests ecoregions.

</doc>
<doc id="21380202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380202" title="Tower of Evil">
Tower of Evil

Tower of Evil, also known by the title Beyond the Fog in the United States and Horror of Snape Island and Horror on Snape Island in Canada, is a 1972 British horror film. The film is regarded by horror fans as being ahead of its time, as it crosses old world Gothic themes (dark setting, mythical superstitions, gloomy atmosphere) with many elements of the modern slasher film (elusive killer, bloody murders, sexually active characters as victims). The film was shot at Shepperton Studios in Shepperton, Surrey, England in 1971.
Plot.
On Snape Island, a small isolated point off the English coast, a series of bizarre brutal murders have taken place. A team of archeologists decide to head to the island to uncover a possible Phoenician treasure, but instead they find a horrific mystery when someone, or something, begins to kill off the curious trespassers.
Critical reaction.
The film was dismissed as mere exploitation fodder by many critics. Film critic Leonard Maltin gave the film a BOMB rating and mockingly said "One of the Horrors of Snape Island is the film itself".
However, over the years, the film has been embraced as something of an underground classic by the horror community. The "Terror Trap" horror review rated the film positively and said "Think the Brits are uptight, watch 'this' fun slasher flick...". Elite Entertainment released "Tower of Evil" on DVD for the first time in 1999. On December 12, 2008, Turner Classic Movies showed the film as part of their late night TCM Underground series.

</doc>
<doc id="21380205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380205" title="Thrive (website)">
Thrive (website)

Thrive or Justthrive.com, was a free, web-based personal financial management application offering personalized financial advice and specifically targeting people in their 20s and 30s. The service offered online money management and planning, as well as using algorithmic advice to offer personalized guidance, based on transactions pulled from a user's loan, bank, and credit card accounts. It was permanently shut down on June 3, 2011.
History.
Founded by Avinash Karnani and Ori Schnaps in 2006 as a startup company, Thrive was conceived when the founders noticed that their twenty and thirty-something peers had little access to credible financial planning. After entering private beta in early 2008, it was formally launched at Finovate 08 in October 2008 and reached the "$100 million under management" benchmark in less than two weeks. Thrive was acquired in full by LendingTree in February 2009. Despite the acquisition, however, development remains based in New York City and continues to be staffed by the original team.
Advocacy & Expertise.
Thrive experts are frequently cited in the media giving commentary on financial issues, including splurge spending, the psychology behind "Free", and the interaction between the economy and technology. Key experts include Co-founder Avinash Karnani on economics and Generation X/Generation Y, Co-founder Ori Schnaps on technology and personal finance, Lead Scientist Matt Wallaert on social psychology, behavioral finance and decision making, and Outreach Coordinator Elisa Cundiff on financial literacy and outreach.
Thrive has publicly spoken out against the policies of financial institutions that provide a higher standard of service to the wealthy, citing data from a company survey of 730 people that shows that the rich have access to lower fees, better interest rates, lower closing costs, and more services, including financial guidance, enhanced customer support, and concierge services. On April 30, 2009, Thrive was on Capitol Hill advocating for increased federal support for financial education as part of the Jump$tart Financial Literacy Day.
Relationship to LendingTree.
Thrive was acquired by LendingTree in February 2009 but much of the original development team remained in place until May 2010, when the last of the original team members departed from Lending Tree. In July 2009, in sync with LendingTree's rebranding effort, Thrive created a white-labeled version of the site called MoneyRight. The sites are functionally identical, with MoneyRight being a version of Thrive skinned as LendingTree's budgeting site.

</doc>
<doc id="21380210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380210" title="Steve Watkins">
Steve Watkins

Stephen Douglas Watkins (born July 19, 1978 in Lubbock, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the San Diego Padres in .
Watkins was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 16th round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft and made his major league debut on August 21, 2004. In , he played in the Cleveland Indians organization and in the Washington Nationals organization in . In , with the Padres' Triple-A affiliate, the Portland Beavers, he went 2-5 with a 5.17 ERA and 56 strikeouts. In , he pitched for the Chinatrust Whales in Taiwan's Chinese Professional Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="21380211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380211" title="Ernesto Lamagna">
Ernesto Lamagna

Ernesto Lamagna ( born 1945) is a contemporary Italian sculptor. He was born in Naples and lives and works in Rome. He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples and has presented in Italy and abroad. His works include:
Lamagna was the secretary for sculpture of the Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters, "Virtuosi al Pantheon" in Rome from 1998 to 2003. He is the creator of the processional hammer and cross used in 2000 for the Great Jubilee, which is now conserved in the Treasures of the Vatican museum. He participated in a collective exhibit in 2000 to which he contributed the "Angel of Light" now displayed in the State Basilica of Saint Mary of the Angels in Rome. He contributed the sculpture of "Ecce mater Dulcissima" in the 2003 exhibit in Rome to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the pontificate of Pope John Paul II.
Between 2004 and 2006, Lamagna created the sculptures for the "Dehumanitat" exhibit at the European Parliament in Brussels. In 2007, he presented the exhibit "Ora Nona" at Palazzo Venezia in Rome. As of early 2009 he is “embedded” with a contingent of the Italian military as an art instructor to Afghan civilians in Herat, Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21380230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380230" title="Shuttin' Detroit Down">
Shuttin' Detroit Down

"Shuttin' Detroit Down" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer John Rich, one half of the duo Big & Rich. The song addresses the issue of the government bailouts of financial institutions, and has received heavy rotation on Michigan radio stations, as well as others around the country. Rich recorded and released the song in January 2009, and it appears on his second solo album, "Son of a Preacher Man". The album was released on March 24, 2009 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville, the same label to which Big & Rich is signed.
Content.
"Shuttin' Detroit Down" is a song which addresses the automotive industry crisis of 2008-2009, with a focus on the bailouts of financial institutions. Rich wrote the song in one hour along with country singer John Anderson, after watching the news. Anderson also recorded it on his 2009 album "Bigger Hands".
Promotion.
Rich promoted the song at several radio stations in the state of Michigan, including WBCT in Grand Rapids, and both WDTW-FM, who no longer carries a country format, and WYCD in Detroit. According to the "Grand Rapids Press", WDTW put the song into hourly rotation after its release and used it as its last song under its country format, and both Detroit country stations received several requests for the song upon its release. According to personnel at WYCD and WBCT, the song has been the subject of several phone calls and e-mails. A video of him performing the song at a New Jersey radio station has received more than 450,000 hits on YouTube.
Music video.
A music video was issued for "Shuttin' Detroit Down," and it has aired on CMT and Great American Country. The video stars Kris Kristofferson and Mickey Rourke as workers at an automobile assembly plant affected by layoffs. The video was directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions.
Reception.
The song has received mixed reception from the media. Jon Caramanica, writing for the "New York Times", said that the song "reflects not only Mr. Rich’s songwriting gifts[…] but also his acumen in gauging and channeling the mood of the country, aggressively striking a note of conservative populism rarely seen in any genre of pop since country music’s response to Sept. 11." "Country Standard Time" critic Jeffrey B. Remz considered the song "ultra-timely" and said that Rich "gets his message across with a lot of twang." 
Jim Malec, reviewing it for The 9513, gave it a "thumbs down" rating. He criticized the lyric for "spend most of its time attacking bankers" and otherwise being unsubstantial. He called Rich's voice "serviceable" and said that the melody and production were "engaging." Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine, in his review of "Son of a Preacher Man", said that the lyrics were the "lowest common denominator, pandering to an audience he's already won."
Chart performance.
On the chart week of February 14, 2009, "Shuttin' Detroit Down" debuted at number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. The song spent twelve weeks on that chart and peaked at number 12.

</doc>
<doc id="21380231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380231" title="Albert Maignan">
Albert Maignan

Albert Pierre René Maignan (Beaumont-sur-Sarthe 14 October 1845 – 29 September 1908 Saint-Prix) was a French painter and historical illustrator. Most of his work was devoted to historical subjects, but he also painted portraits.
In 1864, at the age of 19, Maignan left his home to study law in Paris, where he graduated in 1866. During his studies, he devoted himself to his first love, painting. 
In 1867 his work was accepted by the Salon of French Artists, where he exhibited regularly throughout his life. In 1869, he entered the studio of Évariste Vital Luminais.
He received a gold medal at the Exposition Universelle (1889) and the Legion of Honor in 1895. 
He participated with other artists in the decoration of the Opera-Comique in Paris in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="21380234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380234" title="Arne Gilje">
Arne Gilje

Arne Gilje is a Norwegian competition rower and twice World Champion.
He won a gold medal in "lightweight double sculls" at the 1978 World Rowing Championships in Copenhagen, together with Pål Børnick. While the main championship was held in Hamilton, New Zealand, the lightweight championship was held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Gilje and Børnick won a second gold medal in lightweight double sculls at the 1979 World Championships in Lake Bled, Yugoslavia.
Gilje was national champion in "lightweight single sculls" in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21380237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380237" title="Madhav Julian">
Madhav Julian

Madhav Julian () (January 21, 1894 – November 29, 1939) was the pen name which Madhav Trimbak Patwardhan () used in writing Marathi poetry. 
He hailed from Maharashtra, India.
Biography.
Patwardhan was born in 1894 in Baroda.He studied in The M.C Heigh School in Baroda. He obtained his bachelor's and master's degrees in 1916 and 1918, respectively, by specializing in the studies of Pharsi (Persian) and English literature.
During 1918-1924, he taught Pharsi at Fergusson College in Pune, and after serving as a high school teacher for the next four years, he joined Rajaram College in Kolhapur to teach Pharsi there for the next eleven years (until his untimely death at age 45 in 1939). 
In 1926, he published a Pharsi-Marathi dictionary.
During his years at Rajaram College, Patwardhan wrote in Marathi a thesis titled "Chhandorachana" (छंदोरचना) and received for it a D.Litt. Degree from Mumbai University in 1939, a few months before his death. He was the first person in India to receive a doctorate in the field of Marathi literature.
Patwardhan presided over "Marathi Sahitya Sammelan" (मराठी साहित्य सम्मेलन) in Jalgaon in 1936.
Poetry.
Patwardhan was among pioneers like Keshavasuta, Govindagraj, and Bhaskar Ramchandra Tambe in Marathi literature who introduced romantic poetry to it and also introduced the themes of social and political reforms in Marathi poetry. They further introduced new forms of poetry writing in Marathi, including "sonnets" (सुनीते), "gazals" (गज़ल), and "bhavgeete" (भावगीते).
Patwardhan published ten collections of his poems. His first publication titled "Wiraha-Tarang" (विरह-तरंग) (1926) was a romantic "khand-kavya" (खंडकाव्य) consisting of 234 "shlok" (श्लोक). His next publication titled "Sudharak" (सुधारक) (1928) contained his satirical 18-chapter "khand-kavya" with the theme of social reforms.
The idea of linguistic purity.
Patwardhan held the idea that Marathi writers must maintain linguistic “purity” in Marathi writing. He wrote a book titled "BhashaShuddhi-Wiwek" (भाषाशुद्धि-विवेक) on that topic. He listed in it 1,200 words which were prevalent to different degrees in contemporary Marathi literature and which, he thought, ought not to be used any more in Marathi literature. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380238" title="Lwazi Maziya">
Lwazi Maziya

Lwazi Maziya (born 22 April 1983) is a Swazi footballer with Mbabane Swallows of the Swazi Premier League and the Swaziland national football team. He attended Alabama A&M University in the United States on a sports scholarship. He plays central midfield and has won the Swazi Footballer of The Year Award two times.==References==He is married to Dumsile Mdluli. He attended Manzini Nazarene High School

</doc>
<doc id="21380239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380239" title="Pål Børnick">
Pål Børnick

Pål Børnick (born 1955) is a Norwegian competition rower and twice World Champion.
He received a silver medal in "lightweight coxless fours" at the 1976 World Rowing Championships in Villach, Austria. The team consisted of Edd Hillstad, Per Arvid Steen, Ivar Sølberg and Børnick.
Børnick won a gold medal in "lightweight double sculls" at the 1978 World Championships in Copenhagen, together with Arne Gilje. While the main championship was held in Hamilton, New Zealand, the lightweight championship was held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Gilje and Børnick won a second gold medal at the 1979 World Championships in Lake Bled, Yugoslavia.
He resides at Geilo.

</doc>
<doc id="21380240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380240" title="2009 County Championship">
2009 County Championship

The 2009 County Championship season, known as the LV County Championship for sponsorship reasons, was the 110th County Championship season. It was contested through two divisions: Division One and Division Two. Each team played all the others in their division both home and away. The top two teams from Division Two were promoted to the first division for the 2010 season, while the bottom two sides from Division 1 were relegated.
Durham County Cricket Club won the Championship for the second consecutive season. Worcestershire and Sussex were relegated from Division One, with Kent and Essex promoted in their place.

</doc>
<doc id="21380243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380243" title="Torre dei Mannelli">
Torre dei Mannelli

The Torre dei Mannelli is a small tower on the southeast corner of the Ponte Vecchio bridge in Florence, Italy. It is the only survivor of the four tower which once defended each corner of the bridge. In 1565, the Mannelli family refused to have it altered or demolished so that the Vasari Corridor (a corridor commissioned by duke Cosimo I de' Medici to join the Uffizi with Palazzo Pitti on the other side of the river) could be built in a straight line. Instead the corridor swerved round it on brackets. 
The tower was damaged during World War II and was restored by architect Nello Baroni in 1944-1946. The ground floor now houses a gelateria.

</doc>
<doc id="21380248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380248" title="Rolf Dohmen">
Rolf Dohmen

Rolf Dohmen (born 4 April 1952 in Kreuzau) is a German football coach and former player who last worked as a general manager (non-coaching role) for Karlsruher SC.

</doc>
<doc id="21380283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380283" title="Boone Dam">
Boone Dam

Boone Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control dam on the South Fork Holston River on the border between Sullivan County and Washington County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is one of three dams on the South Fork Holston owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the early 1950s as part of greater efforts to control flooding in the Tennessee River watershed. The dam impounds the Boone Lake, and its tailwaters are part of Fort Patrick Henry Lake. 
Boone Dam is named for frontiersman Daniel Boone (1734-1820), who was active in the general area in the 1760s.
Location.
Boone Dam is located above the South Fork Holston River's confluence with the North Fork Holston River (which forms the Holston River proper). The Watauga River joins the South Fork Holston almost immediately upstream from the dam, creating a V-shaped reservoir that extends for up the South Fork Holston (all the way to Bluff City) and for up the Watauga. The Sullivan-Washington county line follows the reservoir for most of its Watauga span. Boone Dam is downstream from South Holston Dam and upstream from Fort Patrick Henry Dam. 
Capacity.
Boone Dam is a concrete gravity-type dam high and long, and has a generating capacity of 81,000 kilowatts. While the main section of the dam is a concrete structure, the northern half of the dam consists of a earth-and-fill structure that seals off the floodplain adjacent to the main river channel. The dam's overfall spillway has five radial gates with a combined maximum discharge of . Boone Lake has of shoreline and a flood storage capacity of . The reservoir's operating levels vary by about in a typical year. 
Background and construction.
Both public and private entities were aware of the hydroelectric potential of the South Fork Holston River in the early 1900s, although other than Wilbur Dam (completed in 1912) on the river's Watauga River tributary, no major dam projects were attempted. In the 1920s, the Holston River Power Company surveyed the river basin with plans to build four dams, and identified the present Boone site (the company called it the "Bachman Ford" site). In the 1930s, when the Tennessee Valley Authority assumed oversight of flood control operations in the Tennessee River watershed, the agency suggested the Boone site (the agency originally called it the "Spurgeon Island" site) as a potential dam site. As Watauga Dam and South Holston Dam (further upstream) neared completion in the late 1940s, the Spurgeon Island site was the next logical step in development of the South Fork Holston. The project's primary purpose was to provide flood control in the region, especially for Kingsport (a few miles downstream), which had suffered major flood damage in 1901 and 1940. The dam would also add hydroelectricity to TVA's energy grid, which by 1950 had been maxed out by increasing demands from consumers and from Atomic Energy Commission facilities at Oak Ridge. Work on Boone Dam began August 29, 1950. 
The construction of Boone Dam and its reservoir required the purchase of of land, of which had to be cleared. 152 families, 104 graves, and of roads had to be relocated, and three new bridges were built. The outbreak of the Korean War brought increased support from federal entities, and work progressed without interruption. 
Boone Dam was completed and its gates closed December 16, 1952. The dam's first generator went online March 16, 1953, its second generator went online June 12, 1953, and the third went online September 3, 1953. The total cost of the Boone project was $27.7 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21380288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380288" title="Franklin Banner-Tribune">
Franklin Banner-Tribune

The Franklin Banner-Tribune is a small daily newspaper which circulates in Franklin, the parish seat of St. Mary Parish, Louisiana. It has approximately 3,350 paid subscribers and is owned by Morgan City Newspapers LLC.
The original newspaper dates to before the American Civil War. From 1950-1965, the "Banner-Tribune" was edited and published by Robert Angers, who thereafter founded "Acadiana Profile" magazine. During Angers' tenure, the newspaper was expanded from a weekly to a daily and won a large number of press association awards. 
The managing editor of the publication is Vanessa Pritchett. The publisher is Allen Von Werder.

</doc>
<doc id="21380292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380292" title="1978 Paris Open – Doubles">
1978 Paris Open – Doubles

Brian Gottfried and Raúl Ramírez were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Bruce Manson and Andrew Pattison won the doubles title at the 1978 Paris Open tennis tournament defeating Ion Ţiriac and Guillermo Vilas in the final 7–6, 6–2.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21380302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380302" title="Malcolm A. MacIntyre">
Malcolm A. MacIntyre

Malcolm A. MacIntyre (January 28, 1908 – May 6, 1992), born in Boston, Massachusetts, was an American lawyer and hall of fame lacrosse player. He attended Yale University and Oxford University before returning to Yale Law School to receive his J.S.D.. After receiving his law degree he became a practicing attorney in New York City where he specialized in corporate law and performed legal services for American Airlines. During World War II he served in the Military Air Transport Service where he became acquainted with James H. Douglas, Jr.. In 1957 Douglas, who was Secretary of the Air Force, invited MacIntyre to serve as Under Secretary of the Air Force. MacIntyre held the Under Secretary position for two years. In 1959 he resigned to become president of Eastern Air Lines. In 1964 he became executive vice president of Martin Marietta Corporation where he worked until he retired in 1973.
MacIntyre played four years of lacrosse while at Yale and was a first-team All-American his senior year. He continued to play at Oxford where he won three letters. In 1931, he toured the United States with an Oxford-Cambridge team which defeated both Army and Navy. While in England, he was selected three times to the All-Star English team. He coached Yale's lacrosse team when he returned for law school. In 1966, he was inducted into the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21380304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380304" title="Bailey Barton Burritt">
Bailey Barton Burritt

Bailey Barton Burritt (31 May 1878 – 18 June 1954) was a United States public health and social welfare advocate known as "the father of the family health movement." He was the chairman of the executive council of the Community Service Society.
Biography.
He graduated from the University of Rochester in 1902 and Columbia University in 1903. He married Ruth Hogarth Dennis (1879-1960) on May 18, 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="21380309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380309" title="Dumitru Răducanu">
Dumitru Răducanu

Dumitru Răducanu (born 19 July 1967 in Bucharest) is an Olympic gold medal winning Romanian cox.

</doc>
<doc id="21380321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380321" title="Mostyn Ffrench-Williams">
Mostyn Ffrench-Williams

Mostyn Yanto Ffrench-Williams (12 October 1914 – 11 November 1963) was an English freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in London.
In 1932, he finished fifth with the British team in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay event. In the 100 metre freestyle competition he was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later he was a member of the British team which finished sixth with the British team in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay contest at the 1936 Games. He also swam in the 100 metre freestyle event but was eliminated in the first round again.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the English team which won the silver medal in the 4×200 yards freestyle competition. In the 3×110 yards medley contest he won a bronze medal with the English team. Four years later at the Empire Games in Sydney he was part of the English team which won the gold medal in the 4×220 yards freestyle event. In Sydney he also participated in the backstroke competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21380329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380329" title="Madame Tussauds London">
Madame Tussauds London

Madame Tussauds London is a museum and tourist attraction located in Central London, housed in the former London Planetarium. It is known for recreating life size wax models of celebrities. The attraction houses its famous Chamber of Horrors. Set up by wax sculptor Marie Tussaud on Marylebone Road in 1884 it is the first Madame Tussauds. As of November 2013 the official website listed the following wax models:
Bollywood
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan,
Amitabh Bachchan,
Hrithik Roshan,
Madhuri Dixit,
Salman Khan,
Shahrukh Khan
Culture
Madame Tussaud,
Pablo Picasso,
Charles Dickens,
Albert Einstein
Hollywood Stars
Bruce Willis,
Charlie Chaplin,
Colin Firth,
Helen Mirren,
Daniel Craig,
E.T.,
George Clooney,
Johnny Depp,
Judi Dench,
Kate Winslet,
Leonardo DiCaprio,
Nicole Kidman,
Robert Pattinson,
Russell Brand,
Sherlock Holmes,
Taylor Lautner,
Brad Pitt,
Angelina Jolie
Marvel Super Heroes
Captain America,
Hawkeye,
Iron Man,
Nick Fury,
Spider-Man,
The Hulk,
Wolverine
Music
Adele,
Amy Winehouse,
Beyonce,
Britney Spears,
Cheryl Cole,
Christina Aguilera 
Jennifer Lopez,
Justin Bieber,
Justin Timberlake,
Kylie Minogue,
Lady Gaga,
Madonna,
Michael Jackson,
One Direction,
Rihanna,
The Beatles,
Royals
Queen Elizabeth II,
Duchess of Cambridge,
Duke of Cambridge,
Prince Charles,
Duchess of Cornwall,
Prince Harry,
Diana, Princess of Wales
Sport
Cristiano Ronaldo,
David Beckham,
Jessica Ennis-Hill,
Muhammad Ali,
Rafael Nadal,
Sachin Tendulkar,
Tom Daley,
Usain Bolt,
Mo Farah,
World Leaders
Angela Merkel,
Barack Obama,
Benazir Bhutto,
Boris Johnson,
David Cameron,
Francois Hollande,
Mahatma Gandhi,
John F. Kennedy,
Martin Luther King,
Nelson Mandela,
Vladimir Putin,
Saddam Hussein
About Madame Tussauds.
Madame Tussauds has branches in 9 cities (Amsterdam, Bangkok, Berlin, Hong Kong, Shanghai, New York, Las Vegas, Hollywood and Washington, D.C.), and Vienna and Blackpool, opened in Spring 2011. 
Madame Tussauds is part of the Merlin Entertainments group, which also owns the London Eye, the Dungeons, Sea Life Centres, Blackpool Tower and Legoland Discovery Centres, as well as theme parks including Alton Towers, Chessington World of Adventures and Thorpe Park in the UK, and Gardaland in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21380357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380357" title="San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area">
San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area

San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area ("Área Natural de Manejo Integrado San Matías") is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Santa Cruz Department.

</doc>
<doc id="21380369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380369" title="Nina de Callias">
Nina de Callias

Anne-Marie Gaillard (12 July 1843 - 22 July 1884, in a clinic at Vanves), known as "Nina de Villard de Callias", "Nina de Callias" or "Nina de Villard", was a French writer and poet.
The daughter of a rich Lyon lawyer, after her marriage to Hector de Callias (comte de Callias, a writer and journalist on "Le Figaro") hosted one of the most prominent literary and artistic Salons of Paris. She was a lover of Charles Cros and the inspiration for his "Coffret de santal". She is also the "Dame aux éventails" by Édouard Manet. She contributed two poems to "Le Parnasse contemporain" (2nd volume) : "La Jalousie du jeune Dieu" and "Tristan & Iseult". The Franco-Prussian War forced her to flee with her mother to Geneva, where she stayed three years before returning to re-assume the dissolved artistic circles there.

</doc>
<doc id="21380371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380371" title="Sylvanus Percival Vivian">
Sylvanus Percival Vivian

Sir Sylvanus Percival Vivian CB (October 1, 1880 in London – 1958) was the 7th Registrar General of England and Wales (1921–1945), and the longest serving Registrar General after George Graham.
Vivian was responsible for organising the censuses in England and Wales in 1921 and 1931. He oversaw National Registration which was introduced in 1939 and ended up replacing the normally decennial census due in 1941. He retired in 1945.
Vivian was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in June 1925, and received a knighthood in May 1937.
Vivian was brother to Valentine Vivian.
Vivian also is the author of the first dictionary of literary terms written in English and other works on literature and literary history. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380379" title="David Patten Kimball">
David Patten Kimball

David Patten Kimball (August 23, 1839 – November 21, 1883) was an early Mormon leader, one of the three young men of the Sweetwater handcart rescue. 
Kimball was born on August 23, 1839, in Nauvoo, Illinois the son of Heber C. Kimball and his wife the former Vilate Murray. His father was an Apostle in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and left to serve a mission in England about the time of David's birth. 
In the winter of 1856, Kimball helped a company of handcart pioneers stranded near the Sweetwater River, in response to a request from Brigham Young. Several accounts of the event imply that Young promised Kimball and others a guaranteed place in heaven for their efforts, although no direct evidence attributing this statement to Young exist.
Kimball served as president of the Bear Lake stake in Utah before moving to Arizona in 1877. He was a teamster, and when he died he was first counselor in the St. Johns Arizona stake.
In November 1881, Kimball was making a freight run between Maricopa railroad station and Prescott when he was caught in a snowstorm near Prescott and contracted pneumonia. On the return trip, he became separated from his traveling companion and wagon and got lost in the Salt River valley south of Wickenburg. He spent four days in the desert with no food or water. During this time, he reported seeing a vision in which his deceased father warned him to get his life in order, and that he had only two years to live. Kimball had doubted Mormonism for over a decade. His traveling companion assembled a search party, and they found Kimball near present-day Surprise. 
Kimball died at the age of 44 on November 21, 1883, in St. David, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="21380412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380412" title="Nicolaie Taga">
Nicolaie Taga

Nicolaie Taga (born 12 April 1967 in Straja) is a retired Romanian rower. He won two medals at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
External links.
Olympic profile

</doc>
<doc id="21380417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380417" title="Ravenous (soundtrack)">
Ravenous (soundtrack)

Ravenous is the score for the film of the same name. It was written and performed by Damon Albarn and Michael Nyman (by agreement, Albarn credited first on the album and Nyman credited first on the film credits). The score was actually not a collaboration, according to Nyman: "Ravenous was a joint composition in the sense that Damon Albarn composed 60% of the tracks and I did the rest." It features Nyman's first writing for banjo since his 1981 self-titled album.
The tracks known to be composed/arranged by Nyman include:
In addition, the tracks most recognisably in Nyman's (more classical) idiom include:
While the only tracks clearly known to be composed by Albarn are "Boyd's Journey" and "Colqhoun's Story" (confirmed on the aforementioned DVD commentary), the following tracks share similar rhythmic and electronic characteristics, based upon looped samples and distortions:
In addition, the long track, "The Cave," features many characteristics of Albarn's other tracks while also sampling a sting from Nyman's rejected score to the film "Practical Magic". The "End Titles" track features alternate recordings of "Boyd's Journey" (Albarn) and "Cannibal Fantasy" (Nyman).
Individual pieces from the score have shown up in many different movies including:
Personnel.
The Michael Nyman Orchestra, led by Jackie Shave, conducted by Michael Nyman
British release.
The British version of the soundtrack album features three tracks remixed by William Orbit, "Boyd's Beauty pt. A", "Screech Jam" (based on "The Cave" and "Ives Returns"), and "The Pit." Due to the length of the album, this necessitated the omission of three tracks: "Ives Returns," "Manifest Destiny," and "End Credits."

</doc>
<doc id="21380420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380420" title="KM Music Conservatory">
KM Music Conservatory

KM Music Conservatory (KMMC) is a higher education institution founded in 2008 by the A. R. Rahman foundation. Located in Kodambakkam, Chennai, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, the Conservatory offers a range of part-time and full-time courses in Hindustani and Western classical music and music technology. Composer A. R. Rahman serves as Head Principal of the Conservatory and Fathima Rafiq as Executive Director.
The Conservatory states:
The vision of KM Music Conservatory is to develop and nurture an education in music for all who have the passion to learn. We hope to expand the horizons of musicians in India by creating an awareness of Western music and music technology, while continuing to respect and strengthen the art of Indian music.
Courses.
KMMC offers two internationally recognised higher education qualifications in collaborative partnership with Middlesex University, UK. The Foundation and Diploma courses combine study of both the Hindustani and Western classical music traditions, and provide students with a range of solo and ensemble performance opportunities. 
The Foundation Certificate in Music is a one-year comprehensive course designed to equip students with fundamental musical skills and prepare students for the study of music at degree level. The course comprises units in Academic Skills, Music History & Analysis, Music Theory, Performance, Composition and Audio Technology. 
The Diploma in Higher Education: Music is a two-year programme including units in Indian Music Traditions, Western Music History & Analysis, Performance and Musicianship, and Applied Audio Technology. In the second year of the course students choose to specialise in either performance or composition. As well as forming an independent qualification, the Diploma course forms the first two years of an undergraduate degree in music, and students completing the course are automatically admitted to study a third year at Middlesex University, London, UK, to complete the BA in Music. The first cohort of Diploma graduates from KMMC travelled to London for the 2012-13 academic year.
KMMC also offers a range of part-time Preparatory music courses, designed as one-year programmes for all music enthusiasts over the age of 5 years. Providing practical music lessons and music theory classes, the curriculum consists of weekly private and group sessions that develop students' musical skills at their own pace. Current Preparatory courses include Western and Hindustani vocal, piano, strings, percussion and guitar. Offerings include Chatterji's Piano Studio, run by renowned pianist Surojeet Chatterji, the Certificate in Vocal Performance and Electronic Music Production.
KMMC is affiliated with Audio Media Education, India's first Apple authorized training centre, which provides students with certification from Apple Inc..
Faculty.
Courses at KMMC are taught by an international group of full-time and part-time faculty from India, Europe and the U.S.A, specialising in musical performance, music theory and analysis, music history, musicology and music technology. Faculty experience includes professional work in the music industry as well as academic expertise in teaching and researching music in higher education. More information on the biographies and specialisms of current faculty is available at the KMMC official website (see External Links)
The conservatory's guest faculty and advisory panel includes musicians Dr. L. Subramaniam, Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan, opera tenor Matthew Smith, percussionist Srinivas Krishnan, pianist/composer Pushkar (Ricardo Carlotto), voice trainer and composer Wendy Par and violinist Ladislav Brozman. 
KMMC is developing a newly founded symphony orchestra, to serve as resident studio orchestra for AR Rahman's compositions and to perform for the general public in Chennai and elsewhere in India. 
In 2009 Sri Lankan composer Dinesh Subasinghe and Bangladesh composer Emon shah became the first international students to join KMMC.
KM College of Music and Technology.
KMMC became a full-fledged college offering degrees and diplomas in 2013. The institute is envisioned to offer a bigger platform and new avenues for budding musicians to explore their skills apart from the movie industry. KMMC would also be cooperating with the music industry and professionals in creating world-class music-technology studios.
Students of KM has participated for Great Composer and It's Founder A.R.Rahman's Many movie scores,concerts and Audio cds.There first ever official release was Rhyme Skool with Katrina Kaif with Sa Re Ga Ma productions & Katrina Kaif.
External links.
Official Website: 
Official Facebook page: kmmcChennai
Official Twitter feed: @KMMC_Chennai
Official Flickr feed: kmmusic

</doc>
<doc id="21380428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380428" title="Spent enactment">
Spent enactment

An enactment is spent if "the enactment is spent or exhausted in operation by the accomplishment of the purposes for which it was enacted".
United Kingdom.
The scope of Statute Law Revision Bills includes the repeal of spent enactments.
The repeal of spent legislation is primarily the responsibility of the Law Commission. They prepare Bills to be passed as Statute Law (Repeals) Acts.
The following types of enactment are now spent on coming into force:
Enactments conferring short titles
Section 19(2) of the Interpretation Act 1978 provides that an Act may continue to be cited by the short title authorised by any enactment notwithstanding the repeal of that enactment. This applies to Acts whenever they were passed.
Accordingly any enactment whose sole effect is to confer a short title on an Act now becomes spent on coming into force; and any enactment already in force whose sole effect is to confer a short title on an Act is also spent.
Those enactments which conferred short titles on large numbers of statutes have been repealed on this basis.
Enactments which repeal other enactments
Section 15 of the Interpretation Act 1978 provides that where an Act repeals a repealing enactment, the repeal does not revive any enactment previously repealed unless words are added reviving it. This applies to Acts passed after the year 1850.
Accordingly, any enactment whose sole effect is to repeal another enactment now becomes spent on coming into force; and any enactment, which is already in force, whose sole effect is to repeal another enactment is also spent.
Scottish Parliament.
Standing orders may make provision different from that required by section 36(1) of the Scotland Act 1998 for the procedure applicable to Bills which repeal spent enactments.
Part I of Schedule 4 to the Scotland Act 1998 does not prevent an Act of the Scottish Parliament repealing any spent enactment or conferring power by subordinate legislation to do so.
Welsh Assembly.
Assembly Measures
The standing orders may make provision different from that required by section 98(1) of the Government of Wales Act 2006 for the procedure applicable to proposed Assembly Measures which repeal or revoke spent enactments.
Part 2 of Schedule 5 to the Government of Wales Act 2006 does not prevent a provision of an Assembly Measure repealing or revoking any spent enactment, or conferring power by subordinate legislation to do so.
Bills and Acts of the Assembly
The standing orders may make provision different from that required by section 111(1) of the Government of Wales Act 2006 for the procedure applicable to Bills which repeal or revoke spent enactments.
Part 2 of Schedule 7 to the Government of Wales Act 2006 does not prevent an Act of the Assembly repealing or revoking any spent enactment, or conferring power by subordinate legislation to do so.
See also.
Law reform

</doc>
<doc id="21380437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380437" title="1979 Paris Open">
1979 Paris Open

The 1979 Paris Open was a Grand Prix tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 11th edition of the Paris Open (later known as the Paris Masters). It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France from October 29 through November 4, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21380444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380444" title="Wascar Serrano">
Wascar Serrano

Wascar Radames Serrano (born June 2, 1977 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played part of one season in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres in 2001. After pitching in 2003 for the independent Kansas City T-Bones of the Northern League, he pitched part of the 2005 season in the Mexican League for the Piratas de Campeche and the Leones de Yucatán before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="21380449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380449" title="Bike rental">
Bike rental

A bike rental or bike hire business is a bicycle shop or other business that rents bikes for short periods of time (usually for a few hours) for a fee. Most rentals are provided by bike shops as a sideline to their main businesses of sales and service, but some shops specialize in rentals. 
As with car rental, bike rental shops primarily serve people who don't have access to a vehicle, typically travellers and particularly tourists. Specialized bike rental shops thus typically operate at beaches, parks, or other locations that tourists frequent. In this case, the fees are set to encourage renting the bikes for a few hours at a time, rarely more than a day.
Other bike rental shops rent by the day or week as well as by the hour, and these provide an excellent opportunity for those who would like to avoid shipping their own bikes, but would like to do a multi-day bike tour of a particular area.
Practical hints.
According to "Best Bike Rentals and Routes]," Some tips for renting a bike include:
Share schemes.
Bicycle sharing systems provide access to vehicles for a short period of time; that is they rent bikes. They have distinctive access schemes; some provide free access to members and others charge a monthly or yearly fee. Some schemes operate stations across an entire city, serve members only, and are targeted to commuters. A user can purchase a yearly or monthly pass that provides access to a bike with a smart card. Most such systems allow a member to sign out a bike from any station for up to half an hour of free use, enough for most commuters to travel to their destination where they can drop off the bike at any station. Many bike sharing schemes start charging fees after the first free half hour in order to encourage the user to return the bicycle at the end of each trip, and take another bicycle for the next trip, rather than keeping a bicycle out continuously. However, many bicycle sharing systems offer daily or weekly memberships which permits their use by tourists, visitors, and other occasional users. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380464" title="School of Health and Rehabilitation (Keele University)">
School of Health and Rehabilitation (Keele University)

Keele University School of Health and Rehabilitation is a teaching department of Keele University, Staffordshire, England. All programmes offered by the school are taught in the MacKay Building on the Keele University campus near Newcastle under Lyme. The school also uses facilities at the Keele University Medical School and from the wider university. The school offers educational programmes at undergraduate and postgraduate levels. There is an active research focus within the school with many of the teaching staff being members of Research Institutes at the university. The school is a regional hub of the National Physiotherapy Research Network.
History.
The school was originally known as The Oswestry and North Staffordshire School of Physiotherapy (ONSSP) located at the Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital in Oswestry, Shropshire. It had its first intake of students in 1939 and awarded graduates a Diploma of Physiotherapy.
The development and implementation of a physiotherapy honours degree programme at Keele University was a collaborative venture between the university and ONSSP. Co-operation between representative members of the ONSSP and collaborating departments of the university led to the development of an integrated course. At that time, the school remained an autonomous institution based at Oswestry, working in collaboration with the university.
In 1994 the ONSSP transferred on to the Keele University campus becoming the Department of Physiotherapy Studies. The department moved into permanent premises in the MacKay Building in January 1995. During this time a new integrated modular course was developed in order to fully integrate the department into the university structure. The university, Chartered Society of Physiotherapy and the Council of Professions Supplementary to Medicine (now known as the Health Professions Council) validated this course in June 1995. The school worked towards consolidation of the undergraduate course, development of research activity and expansion of the Postgraduate portfolio. In September 2004 the school changed its name to the School of Health and Rehabilitation to reflect the fact that its current and future activities encompassed more than Physiotherapy education.
Programmes.
BSc(Hons) Physiotherapy
The Physiotherapy programme is the largest in terms of student numbers. It is a full time, three year honours degree. It is validated by the Health Professions Council and is a Chartered Society of Physiotherapy approved programme. The clinical part of the programme is in six blocks over the three years. Placements are at a variety of locations across, Staffordshire, Cheshire, Shropshire and the West Midlands. The physiotherapy programme has students from the UK, European Union, Asia and North America.
BSc(Hons) Osteopathy
The Osteopathy programme was introduced in October 2005 and is a collaborative venture between Keele University and the College of Osteopaths. This programme is a privately funded, part time degree extending over five to six years. Teaching is delivered over eighteen weekends over the year. The clinical component of the programme is conducted at one of the College of Osteopaths’ teaching clinics. This course was no longer offered in the school from 2012.
MSc Neuromusculoskeletal Healthcare, MSc Pain Science and Management, MSc Neurological Rehabilitation, MSc Health Studies
The four MSc programmes can be studied either full-time or part-time. As modularised programmes, students can choose optional modules once the core components are completed. This can allow the student to personalise much of the content of chosen strand making the degree flexible to meet employer demands or personal interests. There are alternative exit points that allow the candidate to graduate with a Postgraduate Certificate or a Postgraduate Diploma if they choose not to progress to the MSc.

</doc>
<doc id="21380508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380508" title="Whitchurch Rugby Club">
Whitchurch Rugby Club

Whitchurch RUFC is an amateur rugby union club in Whitchurch, Shropshire. The club was formed in 1936 and until the early 1970s relied mainly on the facilities at the local Grammar School.
Club history.
In 1959 a pre-fabricated club house was opened in the town and then in 1970 a pitch was acquired on Edgeley Park followed in 1974 by a new clubhouse and changing rooms on the same site.
Mini, junior, colts ladies and more senior teams followed. A major fire in 1986 did not prevent the club celebrating its golden jubilee that year and its diamond ten years later
By the 1980s Whitchurch established themselves as the leading Shropshire rugby union club; winning 9 from 11 county cups, becoming the first Shropshire club to secure the North Midlands Cup in 1997, again in 1999, and finalists in May 2005. The Senior team was placed in the North Midlands 1 division of the Courage League in 1987 and they progressed to Midlands 1 status in 1994. After the team won all 16 of their games in the 1997/98 season, Whitchurch were promoted to National Division Three North in 1998/99, which was maintained until 2002/3 when they dropped to Midlands 1 and in 2005/06 North 1. The club currently competes in the Midlands 2(West) league.
Investment in clubhouse facilities in 1975 and again in 2004, with the opening of a new stand, ensured that the club maintained their position as one of the leading sporting clubs in the area. Every week four full size pitches accommodate four senior men's sides, 1 ladies XV, under 19's, under 17's plus the mini and junior teams.
Whitchurch RUFC has a dedicated youth structure and has produced some top rugby players over the years. Current Northampton Saints number eight, Mark Hopley began his playing career in the mini and junior teams at Whitchurch.
Supermarket conflict.
Whitchurch has become one of the many towns in a supermarket conflict. Supermarket giants Tesco and Sainsburys both plan to build new stores. Tesco's plan though is to build on the current site of Edgely Park combined with the proposed re-development of the rugby club. In a meeting on 1 December 2010 at the club's general meeting the club members voted for the future of Edgely Park. The voting majority was for the deal to go ahead and for Tesco to build on the club's current grounds. The deal for the land is thought to be worth around £1.25 million. A planning application must first be accepted though and will be decided over in the early stages of 2011 
The store's planning permission has recently been declined according to the Whitchurch Herald the local newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="21380521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380521" title="WiFiMAX">
WiFiMAX

WiFiMax is a wireless broadband technology developed by the French company NOMOTECH.
Overview.
WiFi Max from Datel is a USB WiFi adapter for Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 Wii, ds or PSP.
It is able to connect any WiFi-enabled devices as well such as laptop or PDA.
It works using the standard 802.11g (54Mb) and so is compatible with 802.11b (11Mb) devices. It can be used on 1.1 USB port but the bandwidth is limited at 11Mb if you do so.
There is software included on the disc allowing you to browse files wirelessly from your PC.
Installation.
WiFi Max is pretty straightforward to install, but there are a few things to set up which are not explained in the manual, which seems to assume that the user already has a network running. So if you haven't got a network already set up, you will need to use Windows to create a shared internet connection, as well as create a network. All you have to do is to go into your control panel, and look under network and internet connection, Windows XP is pretty self-explanatory.
Another important thing is to be sure to select the right network adapter connecting to the internet in the WiFi Max interface.
If you want to use it with both DS and PSP, don't forget to give the same SSID to everything you installed on your pc because if your use all the default settings, it gives a different SSID depending on whether you installed the software for PSP or DS.
One last thing is that if you are using a firewall it might stop your WiFi devices from connecting to the internet. So you either need to forward ports or turn off your firewall.

</doc>
<doc id="21380524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380524" title="Robert J. McDuff">
Robert J. McDuff

Robert J. McDuff (February 13, 1903 – April 1981) was born in Frankfort, Kentucky. He attended Garrison School of Law, a branch of the University of Louisville, and practiced law in Lexington, Kentucky. In 1933 he joined the army and became a regimental sergeant major before he was commissioned in 1943. He served on Omar Bradley’s staff in England and helped draft administrative plans for the Invasion of Normandy. He later served as Acting Adjutant General of the 5th Infantry Division (United States).
In December 1945 McDuff returned to the U.S. and was assigned to the Correspondence Section of the Office of the Chief of Staff of the United States Army. In this position he helped draft letters and messages for the signature of Dwight D. Eisenhower when Eisenhower was Chief of Staff. McDuff later served with the Far East Command in Japan and also was Deputy Chief of Personnel in the Adjutant General’s Office. In 1958 he retired from the Army and settled in Virginia where he died in April 1981. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21380531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380531" title="BIGWIG (library organization)">
BIGWIG (library organization)

BIGWIG is an interest group for the Library Information and Technology Association, a division of the American Library Association. 
Naming and Purpose.
BIGWIG was founded in 2006 as an Interest Group for the Library Information Technology Association (LITA), a division of the American Library Association. The name was an acronym for "Blog, Interactive Groupware, and Wiki Interest Group" - as these were some of the first Web 2.0 technologies to attain popular usage within libraries. Since that time, the group has broadened its scope to include the exploration of other Web 2.0 software and techniques.
Events.
In 2007, BIGWIG began organizing the Social Software Showcase, held during the American Library Association Annual Meeting.
This event showcases new and emerging technologies and specifically social software - by allowing presenters to post their presentations online before the conference - and then allowing attendees to meet with presenters in small groups to discuss and see these technologies in action.

</doc>
<doc id="21380539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380539" title="K-1 World MAX 2002 World Tournament Final">
K-1 World MAX 2002 World Tournament Final

K-1 World MAX 2002 World Tournament Final was a kickboxing event promoted by the K-1 Organisation. It was the inaugural K-1 World MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/154 lb weight class), consisting of eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules. The tournament fighters had qualified via preliminary tournaments or had been invited due to their achievements in the world of kickboxing and Muay Thai (more information on the fighters is displayed by the bulleted list below). In total there were ten fighters at the event, representing seven countries. 
The tournament winner was Albert Kraus who defeated Kaolan Kaovichit by first round knockout to become the first ever K-1 MAX champion. Of the two fighters, Kraus had the tougher path to the final having to had to beat Shane Chapman and home favourite Masato en route to the final. The event was held at the Nippon Budokan in Tokyo, Japan on Saturday, 11 May 2002. 
Finalists
Reservists

</doc>
<doc id="21380550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380550" title="Loggia Rucellai">
Loggia Rucellai

The Loggia Rucellai is an Italian Renaissance loggia in Florence, Italy. It stands opposite Palazzo Rucellai in the Via della Vigna Nuova, and faces onto Piazza de' Rucellai. It was built by Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai in the 1460s; it may have been designed by Leon Battista Alberti, but this attribution is disputed. Originally intended as a place for the Rucellai family to have weddings and other celebrations, it is now glazed and used as a shop.
History.
The loggia was completed before 8 June 1466, the date of the wedding-feast of Giovanni's son Bernardo Rucellai and Nannina de' Medici, the daughter of Piero di Cosimo de' Medici and elder sister to Lorenzo il Magnifico. At the feast, 500 guests were seated on a dais which occupied the loggia and the whole of the piazza and the street in front of Palazzo Rucellai.

</doc>
<doc id="21380553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380553" title="Orb Aqueduct">
Orb Aqueduct

The Orb Aqueduct () is a bridge which carries the Canal du Midi over the Orb River in the city of Béziers in Languedoc, France. The aqueduct is wide, tall and at is the longest on the Canal du Midi.
Prior to the opening of the aqueduct in 1858, the Canal du Midi traversed a short section of the Orb itself. The opening of the aqueduct allowed boats to avoid the sometimes dangerous and unpredictable river which often caused extended delays - in 1779 exceptional floods caused the river section to be impassable for seventeen days. Various schemes were proposed to bypass the Orb; an aqueduct of over 1 km in length was proposed in 1739 and in 1756 a plan to carry the canal in a tunnel "under" the Orb was put forward. However, neither proposal was implemented.
In April 1854, the Chief Engineer of the Canal Company, M. Magues, prepared designs for the present aqueduct together with new channels to take the canal from the side of the seventh and second lowest chamber of the Fonserannes Lock, across the Orb and to rejoin the original course of the Midi. The plans involved the construction of two new locks, Orb Lock and Béziers Lock, as well as a canal basin to the east of the Orb. Permission for the new works was granted by a decree of Emperor Napoleon III in June 1854 and the construction was completed by May 1856 and opened for use in 1858.
The aqueduct is built of stone with seven spans and carries the canal in a masonry trough sealed with a layer of concrete. There are towpaths on each side of the waterway and underneath are two arcaded walkways. The walkways are now not accessible except for maintenance. The concrete seal was replaced in 1951 but otherwise the original structure is intact.
Topography.
The map shows Riquet's original course dropping down the Fonserannes Staircase, through the Notre Dame Lock, entering the Orb and leaving again a few hundred metres downstream. Magues' scheme created a new aqueduct cut leaving the canal from the seventh chamber of the Fonserannes staircase, and leaving the eighth chamber and the Notre Dame Lock unused. The new cut crosses the Orb on the aqueduct, drops into the new Béziers canal basin through Orb Lock and then drops to the level of the original cut through Béziers Lock.

</doc>
<doc id="21380559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380559" title="In10sity">
In10sity

In10sity is the tenth studio album by Pink Cream 69. It is the first album to feature additional guitarist Uwe Reitenauer and also celebrates the bands 20th year making music.
Track listing.
All songs by A. Koffler and D. Ward, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="21380562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380562" title="Gabriel (album)">
Gabriel (album)

Gabriel is the fourth full-length album by the American technical thrash metal band Believer, released on March 17, 2009 on Cesspool Recordings, an imprint of Metal Blade Records. A comeback album, it is the band's first new release since 1994. The album was met with mostly positive reviews.
Recording history.
Recorded in late 2008, on "Gabriel" the band line-up consists of Kurt Bachman (vocals, guitar), Joey Daub (drums), Jeff King (keyboards, of Fountain of Tears fame), Kevin Leaman (guitar), and Elton Nestler (bass). Scott Laird (violin) and Jim Winters (guitar)—who both played with the band previously—also contributed to the album as session musicians. William Keller was an additional session player (voices on Dimensions). Deron Miller of CKY played some guitar parts and went to comment that "Believer have been one of my favorite bands for 20 years so this is really exciting for me. Check out the three records they did in the '90s... All three are works of genius." Other guest performances were done by Joe Rico of the band Sacrifice, with whom Believer toured in the early 1990s, and Rocky Gray of Living Sacrifice. Believer signed with Metal Blade Records' imprint Cesspool Recordings, owned by Killswitch Engage vocalist Howard Jones who commented: "Somehow I got lucky enough to stumble across a reactivated Believer who has always been a band that got and still gets repeated listens from me. Great band and even better people, and they truly bring a unique quality of musicianship back into the metal music genre. I'm truly excited to see them on stage again." Jones contributed some guest vocals for the song "The Brave".
An unmastered version of the song "Medwton" from the album premiered on Bam Margera's Radio Bam show on November 17. Deron Miller wanted to play the song on the show since he played guitar solo on it. The tracks "Focused Lethality" and "Stoned" were released as singles.
Eye Level Studios created the album's artwork; a live model was masked and photographed wearing actual horns. In an interview with Fazer magazine, Bachman stated they plan to release an artbook based on the cover art with Eye Level Studios. 
Kurt Bachman commented that the album sounds like a "sick, insane cross between Tool, Voivod, Nine Inch Nails and Destruction." Bachman commented the album's musical style:
Reception.
The critical reception of the album has been positive. Greg Prato of Allmusic gave the album 3.5 points out of 5 commenting that, despite being 16 years in silence, Believer is "automatically back in business." Prato notices that the album is closer to the band's origins, as it contains "few nods to vintage late-'80s/early-'90s metal" although "a challenging, almost proggy edge can be detected in all the manic six-string riffing and growling, especially on such tracks as the album-opening "Medwton," plus "Focused Lethality" and the slowly building "The Brave."
Justin Donnelly of "Blistering" magazine gave the album 8 out of 10. Pointing out that each song on the album is unique and contain different ideas, he states that the experimental “Redshift” is "quite possibly one of the album’s most memorable efforts with its huge infectious chugging riffs, swathes of melodic keyboards and its reoccurring breakdown passages where the bass and drums provide some cool breathing space." Trey Spencer of "Sputnikmusic" gave the album four out of five points and noted: "As odd as it might sound, this album is actually a breath of fresh air for a metal community that is becoming increasingly stagnant. With Gabriel the band has managed to bring back that old-school thrash sound, but also mix in a large dose of technicality and originality while still sounding very current."
Chris Beck of "HM" wrote that "Fifteen years is a long time. Long enough to forget just how brutal Believer’s music was, how insane Joey Daub’s drumming was and how the band composed riffs so technical that most other bands wouldn’t have dreamed of playing them." He also stated that "Gabriel could easily have been released years ago as the immediate follow-up to "Dimensions"" and praised the album: "Metal isn’t supposed to sound this good." Criticism was given for the elements of keyboard, sound and voice programming throughout that Beck felt were "slightly overused" as he wished that the band would have "let the music stand by itself". Beck concludes that "this is unmistakably Believer, and unmistakably a great album." AOL listed the artwork for Gabriel among "ten best album covers of 2009 so far" list.
Not all reviewers were excited about the album; an Abort magazine editor commented that "Gabriel" is "a well-intentioned if somewhat bland return to form".

</doc>
<doc id="21380563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380563" title="Grant Park (Tampa)">
Grant Park (Tampa)

Grant Park is a neighborhood within the East Tampa district of Tampa. As of the 2010 census the neighborhood had a population of 1,840. The ZIP Codes serving the area are 33610 and 33619.
Geography.
Grant Park boundaries are Uceta Yard to the south, Highland Pines to the west, East Lake-Orient Park to the east and north
Demographics.
"Source: Hillsborough County Atlas"
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,840 people and 558 households residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 7,493/mi². The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 19% White, 73% African American, 0% Native American, 1% Asian, 4% from other races, and 2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were about 15% of the population.
There were 558 households out of which 39% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 23% were married couples living together, 42% had a female householder with no husband present, and 7% were non-families. 20% of all households were made up of individuals. 
In the neighborhood the population was spread out with 36% under the age of 18, 24% from 18 to 34, 20% from 35 to 49, 14% from 50 to 64, and 6% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 85.7 males.
The per capita income for the neighborhood was $8,652. About 40.0% of the population were below the poverty line. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380567" title="Alfred Mosselman">
Alfred Mosselman

Alfred Mosselman or Alfred Mosselmann (1810-1867) was a Belgian aristocrat and industrialist who made a fortune in canal- and road-building. He was also a patron of the arts, particularly of his long-time lover Apollonie Sabatier.

</doc>
<doc id="21380583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380583" title="Piazza de' Rucellai">
Piazza de' Rucellai

The Piazza de' Rucellai is a piazza in Florence, Italy, home to the Palazzo Rucellai and its loggia, both designed by Leon Battista Alberti. It is a small triangular square.

</doc>
<doc id="21380587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380587" title="Tales Fernando Campos Penteado">
Tales Fernando Campos Penteado

Tales Fernando Campos Penteado (March 7, 1982 - São Carlos, São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer forward who currently plays for São Carlos FC.
Career.
Tales Penteado joined from Clube Atlético Paulistinha to São Carlos FC. He played for Armenian side FC MIKA in the 2007-08 UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21380588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380588" title="Leonard Pilkington">
Leonard Pilkington

Leonard Pilkington (1527–1599) was an English academic and clergyman. A Marian exile, he became Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge and Master of St John's College, Cambridge at the start of the reign of Elizabeth I. In his subsequent church career, he followed the way opened when his brother James Pilkington became Bishop of Durham.
Life.
He was born at Rivington, Lancashire, and graduated B.A. at St John's College in 1544. He became a Fellow there in 1546, and graduated M.A. in 1547. When Mary I of England came to the throne, he was deprived of his college positions, and left the country. While in exile he married.
He returned to England and was restored to his fellowship at St John’s, his wife having died. He became Master there in 1561, replacing his brother James and initiating a period of divisive governance and an effort to reform the college by replacing Catholic associations with the Protestantism of Geneva. He brought in William Fulke as Fellow, and ensured the succession of Richard Longworth, and then resigned as Master. He became a canon of Durham Cathedral in 1567.

</doc>
<doc id="21380589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380589" title="Abaltat Muse">
Abaltat Muse

Tunepresto's Abaltat Muse is a software application that enables users to create original soundtracks for their video, regardless of musical knowledge. It is developed by Abaltat.
Overview.
Abaltat Muse composes music to moving pictures using a combination of video recognition software and artificial intelligence. Abaltat Muse creates its own compositions without the use of pre-recorded soundtracks or music loops.
All that is required for a basic musical composition is a QuickTime file, which is loaded into Abaltat Muse and the application does the rest. Muse then provides you with the necessary tools to refine or update tracks at any time. The resulting music has the quality of a recorded band and can be altered in real time to achieve the best possible sound to accompany the uploaded movie sequence.
You can arrange the various aspects of your composition in your preferred manner. These include selecting a Compose Method, a musical genre (Band), a drum track and a time signature. You can then choose an appropriate BPM (Tempo)and decide how many musical notes are in each bar (Complexity) and how much, if any, repetition there is in the piece (Jingle). This provides you with limitless options in adjusting the composition, using factors such as melodic constraints, scale modulation, and audio mix. All these adjustments can be performed using keyframes in a timeline synced to the picture.
Abaltat Muse composes the music and plays it out using a sample player and virtual instruments. The software incorporates technology from experts in the audio industry, namely Native Instruments and Garritan Libraries. Consequently, the audio and instrument quality is high. The audio can be exported as AIFF or WAV files. The composition can also be exported as a MIDI file, should the user require further sweetening on his or her composition in a digital audio workstation or MIDI sequencer.
Features.
Analysis.
After the user imports (or drag and drop) a QuickTime file into Muse, the application analyzes the duration of the user's clip and all of the color saturation from each movie file you import. This information can then be used as a basis for composition. The length of this process depends on the size of the uploaded file.
Composing.
There is a large yellow button on the main interface window where compositional settings can be entered, the variables of which include Band (musical genre), Compose Method, Complexity (number of beats per bar), Jingle (repetition) and drum pattern. The program then uses these settings to compose an original royalty-free video soundtrack. There are several diverse musical styles to choose from.
Arranging.
The keyframes on the timeline are used to change small aspects of the soundtrack. Tonality (major to minor, etc.) can be changed, the pitch of the melodies can be transposed up or down, volumes on individual tracks can be changed, and the user's preferred instruments can be modified. The keyframes can be inserted into any point on the timeline, giving the ability to match up specific changes to edits or actions in the video. There is a keyframe icon on the main window which can be inserted at any point chosen by the user.
Exporting.
The final composition can be exported as AIFF, WAV, or in MIDI, either as an individual tracks or as a mixed track. Soundtracks can then be imported into all editing applications and audio applications that support the standard MIDI format, including Apple Inc.'s GarageBand or Logic Pro and Digidesign's Pro Tools. Soundtracks can also be exported as a QuickTime video file allowing for quick uploads to the web.
Interface.
Main Window.
The main interface window is simple to navigate. From here, the original video file and all of the composition/movie settings can be viewed, volume settings can be adjusted, individual tracks can be soloed or muted and the soundtrack can be rearranged. This is also where the compose button which can be found, which is where all of the already mentioned compositional settings are set before the soundtrack is composed.
Color Timeline.
When a movie file is loaded into the application it is analyzed and the Color Timeline window displays the color saturation over time. The y-axis displays the colors and the x-axis displays the time in seconds. The color intensity can be viewed easily which can help to select a color to use as a basis for composition.

</doc>
<doc id="21380595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380595" title="386th Tactical Fighter Squadron">
386th Tactical Fighter Squadron

The 386th Tactical Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 312th Tactical Fighter Wing, based at Cannon Air Force Base. New Mexico. It was inactivated on February 18, 1959.
History.
Operational history.
Established in early 1942 as a light bomb squadron, equipped with A-24 Banshees, although equipped with export model A-31 Vengeance dive bombers for training. Trained under Third Air Force in the southeast United States, also used for antisubmarine patrols over the Atlantic southeast coast and then Gulf of Mexico.
Deployed to Southern California in early 1943 to the Desert Training Center, trained in light bombing while supporting Army maneuvers in the Mojave Desert until October.
Re-equipped with North American A-36 Apache dive bombers and deployed to New Guinea as part of Fifth Air Force. In the Southwest Pacific the squadron attacked Japanese strong points and tactical positions and targets of opportunity in support of MacArthur's campaign along the north coast of New Guinea; then advancing into the Netherlands East Indies and Philippines as part of the Island Hopping campaign. Re-equipped with P-40s; then later A-20 Havocs. Engaged in heavy fighting on Lete; Mindoro and Luzon in the Philippines during 1944-1945.
The 386th was selected to carry out field operation testing of the Consolidated B-32 Dominator in mid-1945 and made test flights over Luzon and Formosa in June. The squadron moved to Okinawa in mid-August and after the Atomic Bomb missions had been flown. It flew several combat operations with the B-32 in spite of the de facto cease-fire that had been called following the bombing of Nagasaki. During this time, the B-32s flew mainly photographic reconnaissance missions, most of which were unopposed. However, during a reconnaissance mission over Tokyo on August 18, two B-32s were attacked by Japanese fighters. The American gunners claimed two kills and one probable, but one aircraft was badly shot up and one of her crew was killed with two being injured. This was to prove to be the last combat action of World War II. After VJ-Day, the surviving B-32 aircraft were ordered to return to the United States, ending the test program. The 386th remained on Okinawa until December until returning to the United States with most personnel demobilizing. It was inactivated as a paper unit on January 6, 1946.
The squadron was reactivated as a B-29 Superfortress unit in the reserves in 1947, but lack of funding and personnel led to rapid inactivation. Transferred to Tactical Air Command in the mid-1950s and activated first with F-86 Sabres, then F-100 Super Sabres in 1958. 
Inactivated in 1959 when its parent 312th TFW was inactivated and re-designated as the 27th TFW. Personnel and equipment of the squadron were re-designated as the 522d Tactical Fighter Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="21380599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380599" title="Pedlow Skate Park">
Pedlow Skate Park

Pedlow skatepark is a skatepark in Victory Boulevard, Los Angeles. It opened to the public on February 17, 2001, and was later re-opened in May 2005 after extensive work and new features. Its a concrete park over with a huge pool, snake run bowl, pyramid, rails.

</doc>
<doc id="21380614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380614" title="Roland Schröder">
Roland Schröder

Roland Schröder (born 17 August 1962 in Koethen) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="21380627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380627" title="Shyama">
Shyama

Shyama (born Khurshid Akhtar; 7 June 1935, Lahore) was a Bollywood actress. Her best known roles were in "Aar Paar" (1954), "Barsaat Ki Raat" (1960) and "Tarana". She was also noticed in 'Sawan Bhadon', 'Dil Diya Dard Liya', 'Milan' and 'Sharda' for which she was awarded Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress. Like Shammi Kapoor in male actors, she is the actress who has been most responsive to the rhythm and lyrics of the music directors and poets. Songs picturised on her like 'ae dil mujhe bata de', 'O chand jahan wo jaye', 'ae lo main hari piya', ' dekho, wo chand chhup ke karata hai kya ishare', 'chhupa ke meri aankhon ko', 'ja re ka re badara' are examples of her sensitive acting. 
Director Vijay Bhatt gave her the stage name Shyama by which she is credited in her movies. She had starring roles in Guru Dutt's classic Aar Paar and later in Barsaat Ki Raat which was perhaps her best performance. She was a major star in the 1950s and 60s and acted in more than 200 movies needed, many in starring roles.
Personal life.
She was married to cinematographer, Fali Mistry in 1953, and the couple had two sons, Farooq and Rohin, and a daughter Shireen. Mistry died in 1979, thereafter she continued to stay in Mumbai. Today, her son Zubin Mistry is also a cinematographer based in London.

</doc>
<doc id="21380628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380628" title="Involuntary (film)">
Involuntary (film)

Involuntary () is a 2008 Swedish film directed by Ruben Östlund described as "a tragic comedy or comic tragedy." It features five parallel stories with human group behaviour as the common theme. The film is notable for its long takes with no cuts within the scenes. This is related to Östlund's background as a skiing film director, where a cut would only indicate failure. The longest scene lasts for seven minutes.
The film received mainly positive reviews. It has won several awards at international film festivals and was nominated for five Swedish Guldbagge Awards including Best Film, but didn't win in any category. It was also selected as Sweden's submission for Best Foreign Language Film at the 82nd Academy Awards.
Production.
The work with the script started already in autumn 2004, when Östlund and Hemmendorff started to write down vignettes on the theme, inspired by or taken directly from their own experiences.
Filming started in the summer 2006. One scene per day was shot during the production, with around 20 takes for each scene, although some scenes demanded far more. The independent stories were shot one at a time, meaning that many of the actors never met before the premiere.
Release.
The film premiered on 19 May 2008 at the Cannes Film Festival in the section Un certain regard.
Critical reception.
The general reception in Swedish press was positive. As of 14 July 2009 it had an average rating of 4.3 out of 5 based on 24 reviews at the Swedish-language review site Kritiker.se, making it the highest rated Swedish film from 2008. An exception was Jan-Olov Andersson at "Aftonbladet", who rated the film 2 out of 5 and dismissed it as "Roy Andersson light."

</doc>
<doc id="21380633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380633" title="Vincent Vidal">
Vincent Vidal

Vincent Vidal (Carcassonne, 20 January 1811 – Paris, 1887) was a French painter, pastellist, and watercolourist. He entered the École des Beaux-Arts in 1837 and studied under Paul Delaroche. From 1843–87, he exhibited regularly at the Salon, where he was awarded a third-class medal in 1844 and a second-class medal in 1849. 
Vidal was noted especially for his portraits of fashionable Parisian women. His famous sitters included Alexandre Dumas and Empress Eugenie. Vidal was awarded the Légion d'honneur in 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="21380642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380642" title="Timo Reus">
Timo Reus

Timo Reus (born 2 May 1974 in Lahr, Baden-Württemberg) is a retired German football player.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2. Bundesliga for SC Freiburg on 10 August 1997 when he started in a game against FC Gütersloh.

</doc>
<doc id="21380643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380643" title="Cold shrink tubing">
Cold shrink tubing

Cold shrink tubing is an open ended rubber sleeve, made primarily from rubber elastomers with high-performance physical properties, that has been factory expanded or pre-stretched, and assembled onto a supporting removable plastic core. Cold shrink tubing shrinks upon removal of the supporting core during the installation process and the electrician slides the tube over the cable to be terminated and unwinds the core, causing the tube to collapse down, or contract, in place.
Cold shrink tubing is used to insulate wires, connections, joints and terminals in electrical work. It can also be used to repair wires, bundle wires together, and to protect wires or small parts from minor abrasion.
It needs storage in controlled environments with temperatures not exceeding 43 degrees celsius.

</doc>
<doc id="21380664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380664" title="Dedman School of Hospitality">
Dedman School of Hospitality

The Dedman School of Hospitality, located in Tallahassee, Florida, is a school within the Florida State University College of Business. The School was founded in 1947 and offers majors in Hospitality and Professional Golf Management. In addition Hospitality is offered as a concentration within the Masters in Business Administration program. The Dedman School was the first hospitality and tourism management program offered in the state of Florida.
The Dedman School of Hospitality is also a part of the Florida State University College of Business and is located at University Center B in the south endzone of Doak Campbell Stadium. Based on input from industry representatives, the hospitality management major's business component is what attracts companies to FSU students; as a result the school boasts a consistent 100% job placement record. The Dedman School of Hospitality also offers a major in Professional Golf Management, one of seventeen programs nationwide accredited by The Professional Golfers' Association of America (PGA), to prepare students to meet the challenges found in the world of professional golf. The state of Florida has more golf courses than any other state in the country and is the headquarters for the PGA, LPGA, PGA Tour, and National Golf Foundation and FSU has a long, distinguished history of graduating professional golfers and educating students for business and hospitality operations.

</doc>
<doc id="21380680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380680" title="Global Alliance for EcoMobility">
Global Alliance for EcoMobility

The EcoMobility Alliance is a global, cross-sectoral partnership for the affirmation of EcoMobility i.e. the "integrated promotion of walking, cycling, wheeling and passenging". The Alliance promotes EcoMobility for the purpose of mobility and accessibility for all, health, clean air, noise avoidance, energy efficiency, greenhouse gas emission reduction and individual cost savings, and thus as an opportunity for sustainable urban development.
The EcoMobility Alliance was created in October 2011 in Changwon, Korea. It is a transformation of the earlier "Global Alliance for EcoMobility",which is a non-governmental organization founded and launched in Bali on 10 December 2007, on the occasion of the 2007 United Nations Climate Change Conference (UNFCCC-COP-13). 
The EcoMobility Alliance has defined itself as a "global" actor because of both the origin and nature of its members and its geographical scope. It aims at engaging public and private actors from different sectors and segments from all over the world, as well as promoting and advocating for EcoMobility at a global level, both in industrialized and developing countries.
Definition.
The EcoMobility Alliance defines 'EcoMobility' as an integrated form of environmentally sustainable mobility that combines the use of non motorized means of transport with the use of public transport to allow people to move in their local environments without utilizing privately owned motor vehicles. 
Non motorized means of transport include:"walking - cycling - wheeling": walking, using the bicycles, tricycle, velomobile, wheelchairs, mobility scooter, walking aids, scooters, skates, push scooters, trailer, hand carts, shopping carts/trolleys, carrying aids and the above vehicles with supporting electrical drive (preferably powered by renewables);
The use of public transport is referred to as "“passenging”" and includes:the use of buses, trams, subways, light rail, trains, ferries, collective taxis and taxis (if low-emission)A similar definition has been adopted by other institutions, such as the Government of Canada. When defining the purpose of its Ecomobility Program it states that 'the ecomobility program aims to reduce emissions from the urban passenger transportation sector by helping municipalities attract residents to less polluting forms of transportation. By increasing the modal share of transportation options such as walking, cycling, public transit and ridesharing (e.g. carpools), harmful emissions can be reduced and other challenges such as congestion and personal health can be addressed'. Transport Canada, Government of Canada</ref>
Origins of the word 'EcoMobility'.
The word EcoMobility was first coined by Konrad Otto-Zimmermann, Secretary General of ICLEI and of the Global Alliance for EcoMobility, in February 2007. It is the English equivalent of the German word 'Umweltverbund', first used by Otto-Zimmermann at the end of the 1980s while working on a project promoting the integrated use of "environmentally friendly" modes of transport, and more specifically walking, cycling and public transport.Otto Zimmermann, K., 1989. Das Fahrrad im Umweltverbund: Neugeordnete Verkehrsinfrastruktur und Das Fahrrad im Verbund mit Bahnen und Bussen, ADFC-Konferenz „Das Fahrrad als Wirtschaftsfaktor“, Münster, 23 August 1989 
</ref> 
The word 'Umweltverbund' quickly caught the attention of transport professionals and gained prominence within the field. With over several years of experience in the field of environmental protection, urban planning and sustainable transport, Otto-Zimmermann was determined that a new word was needed to define collectively compound means of transport, excluding cars, lorries and planes. Subsequently, the word 'EcoMobility' was created with the intent of being self-explanatory and aiming to catch the attention of stakeholders in various sectors and becoming part of their daily activities and vocabulary. 
Currently the word 'EcoMobility' is still a rarely used term, with the notable exception of the Government of Canada, which has engaged in the reduction of emissions from urban passenger transport, launching an "ecoMobility Program". The Government of Canada is one of the few actors who have used the word "EcoMobility" in the context and with the connotation originally meant by Otto-Zimmermann. The French Railway company SNCF has also engaged in the affirmation of Ecomobility, intending it as 'environmentally-friendly, sustainable travel' that is cheaper, easier, more accessible and more efficient thanks to door-to-door travel involving train + tram, bike, car-sharing or 'segway' electric two-wheelers. The promotion of EcoMobility is also at the core of the activities of the Global Alliance for EcoMobility, which aims at spreading the idea and practice of EcoMobility amongst users, the business, policy makers and experts.
Members.
The EcoMobility Alliance membership consists of leading global and regional-level organizations representing four different categories of stakeholders, that is policy makers, professional expertise, production-trade-services, users. The four different segments in which the EcoMobility Alliance is active - walking, cycling, wheeling and passenging – are represented in its membership. The different nature of the members is considered by them as a crucial element to secure a balanced and fair representation, a deeper exchange of ideas and expertise and real integration among the various segments.
Currently, the Global Alliance for EcoMobility includes the following members:
Organizational structure.
The governing structure of the EcoMobility Alliance is constituted by four bodies: 
1) Alliance Assembly;2) Steering Group;3) Secretariat;4) Working Groups.
Alliance Assembly.
The Alliance Assembly is the EcoMobility Alliance's supreme body and all Members are represented. Its role is: a) to establish and modify the terms of Reference; b) to approve the composition of the Steering Group; c) to approve the annual budget; d) to approve the annual Financial Report; e) to approve the five-year strategy proposed by the Steering Group; f) to approve progress reports submitted by the Working Groups.
The Alliance Assembly normally convenes once a year, but an extraordinary meeting is contemplated if requested by at least one quarter of the Full Members. Decisions within the Alliance Assembly are taken by absolute majority and each Full Member has a vote. Associate Members and Individual Members may only participate in the Assembly in an advisory role, without voting status.
Steering Group.
The Steering Group is the EcoMobility Alliance's decision making body between the Alliance Assembly meetings. It is constituted by five to fifteen delegates of the Full Members, representing the various segments of EcoMobility and the action sectors in a balanced proportion. The Secretary General of the Alliance is a Member of the Steering Group ex officio, while the chairperson is elected amongst the Steering Group Members. 
Its role is: a) to decide on the Membership dues schedule; b) to appoint the Secretary General; c) to supervise the Secretary General; d) to endorse a five-year strategy and submit it to the Alliance Assembly for approval; e) to approve an annual workplan based on the Strategy; f) to monitor and review the implementation of the Workplan; g) to establish Working Groups after consultation of all Members; h) to review the annual Financial Report and submit it to the Alliance Assembly for approval; i) to review new membership applications to the Alliance and admit new members; j) to terminate memberships; k) to resolve conflicts arising between Members. 
The Steering Group meets at least twice a year and decisions are taken by absolute majority. Each member has a vote, but in case of a tie the Chairperson can cast a second vote. Full Members that are not part of the Steering Group can still participate to its meetings as observers, but they are not entitled to vote.
Secretariat.
The Secretariat is the operative body of the EcoMobility Alliance. It is operated through and legally represented by its host, ICLEI - Local Governments for Sustainability. The Secretariat office is in Bonn, Germany. The Secretariat is headed by the Secretary General, supported by an international staff. 
The Secretary General is the Alliance's leading representative and executive agent. He is appointed by the Steering Group on a permanent basis. His role is: a) to represent the Alliance and be its primary spokesperson; b) to coordinate the Alliance's advocacy activities; c) to organise activities and events; d) to provide Members with information about the Alliance; e) to manage the Alliance's Secretariat; f) to administer the working groups; g) to coordinate product development consortia amongst the Members; h) to prepare the five-year strategy; i) to prepare the annual Workplan; j) to prepare the annual Activity Report; k) to prepare and manage the annual budget; l) to prepare the annual Financial Report; m) to ensure the implementation of the five-year Strategy and the annual Workplan; n) to organise and manage the Alliance Assembly's meetings.
Working Groups.
The Working Groups are the Alliance's mechanism to undertake substantive work and implement the Strategy. Working Groups are established by the Steering Group for a certain period of time with a definite mandate and cease to exist once their objectives are achieved. The Steering Group defines also the purpose, goals and mandate of each Working Group, after consultation with all Members. All types of Members can take part in the Working Groups, after having notified the Secretary General of their participation. 
The role of the Working Groups consists in: a) implementing one or several goals of the five-year Strategy, in line with the objectives of the annual Workplan; b) to implement additional projects mandated by the Steering Group or the Alliance Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="21380683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380683" title="Edward Joseph O'Donnell">
Edward Joseph O'Donnell

Edward Joseph O'Donnell (July 4, 1931 – February 1, 2009) was the fifth Roman Catholic Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Louisiana.
Born in Saint Louis, Missouri, O'Donnell was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis on April 6, 1956. On December 6, 1982, Pope John Paul II appointed O'Donnell auxiliary bishop of the Saint Louis Archdiocese, and he was ordained bishop on February 10, 1983. On November 8, 1994, Pope John Paul II appointed Bishop O'Donnell Bishop of the Lafayette Diocese in Louisiana. He retired on November 8, 2002 and died in Saint Louis, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="21380697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380697" title="387th Tactical Fighter Squadron">
387th Tactical Fighter Squadron

The 387th Tactical Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 312th Tactical Fighter Wing, based at Cannon Air Force Base. New Mexico. It was inactivated on February 18, 1959.
History.
Established in early 1942 as a light bomb squadron, equipped with A-24 Banshees, although equipped with export model A-31 Vengeance dive bombers for training. Trained under Third Air Force in the southeast United States, also used for antisubmarine patrols over the Atlantic southeast coast and then Gulf of Mexico.
Deployed to Southern California in early 1943 to the Desert Warfare Center, trained in light bombing while supporting Army maneuvers in the Mojave Desert until October.
Re-equipped with North American A-36 Apache dive bombers and deployed to New Guinea as part of Fifth Air Force. In the Southwest Pacific the squadron attacked Japanese strong points and tactical positions and targets of opportunity in support of MacArthur's campaign along the north coast of New Guinea; then advancing into the Netherlands East Indies and Philippines as part of the Island Hopping campaign. Re-equipped with P-40s; then later A-20 Havocs. Engaged in heavy fighting on Lete; Mindoro and Luzon in the Philippines during 1944-1945.
The squadron moved to Okinawa in mid-August and after the Atomic Bomb missions had been flown; remained on Okinawa until December until returning to the United States with most personnel demobilizing. It was inactivated as a paper unit on January 6, 1946.
The squadron was reactivated as a B-29 Superfortress unit in the reserves in 1947, but lack of funding and personnel led to rapid inactivation. 
Transferred to Tactical Air Command in the mid-1950s and activated first with F-68 Sabres, then F-100 Super Sabres in 1958. Inactivated in 1959 when its parent 312th TFW was inactivated and re-designated as the 27th TFW. Personnel and equipment of the squadron were re-designated as the 523d Tactical Fighter Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="21380719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380719" title="Manuel Schoppel">
Manuel Schoppel

Manuel Schoppel (born October 30, 1980) is a German football player. As of February 2009, he plays for FV Illertissen. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for SC Freiburg on May 4, 2002 when he came on as a half-time substitute in a game against Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21380742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380742" title="Ralf Brudel">
Ralf Brudel

Ralf Brudel (born 6 February 1963 in Potsdam) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. He was a member of the East Germany national team. In 1990 he tried to settle in Austria, but after the reunification of Germany he came back to Potsdam where he qualified for the 1992 Summer Olympics of Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="21380756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380756" title="Edward J. Fraughton">
Edward J. Fraughton

Edward J. Fraughton (born March 22, 1939, Park City, Utah), American artist, sculptor and inventor is primarily known for his epic monumental works and individual collector editions that often relate to the history of the American West. Fraughton's stylistic goals follow the American Neo-classic/Beaux-Arts, impressionistic realism traditions of J. Q. A. Ward, Henry Merwin Shrady, James Earle Fraser, Hermon Atkins MacNeil, Daniel Chester French, Augustus Saint Gaudens, Cyrus Dallin, Gutzon and Solon Borglum, and American animaliers Arthur Putnam, Edward Kemeys, Phimister Proctor. A literal sculptor with an academic background in design and human anatomy, Fraughton's versatility covers a broad spectrum of human and animal subjects.
Education.
Fraughton attended Marsac Elementary School and in 1957 graduated from Park City High School. Entering the University of Utah as a Civil Engineering student, Fraughton later changed his major to sculpture and graduated in 1962 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) degree. While there, he studied, served as a student teaching assistant, assisted in the gross anatomy lab and did his post graduate work under the legendary Dr. Avard T. Fairbanks and his son, Justin. He also played baritone horn in the university marching and concert bands.
Professional career.
Following his formal education, which he largely financed by working night shifts at local steel fabrication plant, Fraughton struggled to make ends meet by working in sales, serving as a substitute high school teacher, driving truck as a delivery boy and laboring as a foundry worker in a local bronze casting facility. In 1966, he was hired by Thiokol Chemical Corporation to apply his artistic training at the newly opened Job Corps Center in Clearfield, Utah. Managed by the Office of Economic Opportunity (OEO), Job Corps was an initiative launched by the Lyndon B. Johnson Administration to fight the “War on Poverty”. After the first year of operations, on August 22, 1967, Fraughton received a letter from W. C. Hearnton, Assistant Director of Avocational Training, stating in part:
“For nearly three months after reporting for work here at Clearfield, he (referring to Fraughton) was the only member of the Arts and Crafts Department. During this three-month period, he wrote and secured OEO approval for the curriculum that we are now offering to our Corpsmen population.
“Out of the one hundred and fifty (150) Job Corps Centers located throughout the United States, our program is viewed by OEO as the best in existence. In no small measure, the success of our program can be attributed to the professional competence and know-how of Mr. Fraughton.”
Resigning from the Job Corps in 1967 to launch his full-time career as a professional sculptor, Fraughton's first sculpture commission involved creating a series of historical portraits for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. In 1968 he was commissioned by the Sons of Utah Pioneers and Mormon Battalion associations to create a heroic monument commemorating the historic Mormon Battalion trek from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas to San Diego, California during the 1846–1847 Mexican-American War. His heroic 12-foot monumental Mormon Battalion Soldier stands at the highest point in San Diego's Presidio Park.
National recognition began to mount in 1973 when Fraughton was awarded his first gold medal at the National Academy of Western Art for his sculpture entitled, “Where Trails End.” Awards from the National Sculpture Society, National Academy of Design and other prestigious art organizations soon followed. In 1980, Fraughton was selected to create the inaugural medal for President Ronald Reagan. During his eight years in office, a copy of “Where Trails End” was exhibited in President Reagan's private office in the White House. The same piece is now on permanent display at the Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California.
Recent sculpture projects.
One of Fraughton's most recent works involves a ten-year collaborative effort with fellow sculptors, Kent Ullberg and Blair Buswell. Commissioned by the First National Bank of Omaha, the heroic bronze installation titled, "Nebraska Wilderness" and "Pioneer Courage," depicts an historic pioneer wagon train moving west through Nebraska's wilderness during the mid-19th century. Encountering a herd of wild American bison, the animals quickly turn and run through the city streets toward the Bank's new 40-story office building. As the buffalo approach an elevated pond and fountain facing the building's front entrance, a flock of Canada geese explode from the water, fly around the surrounding air space and through the windows of a glassed-in atrium housing the building's historic facade. The geese slowly morph from traditional bronze into modern polished stainless steel as they enter the building. The artistic effect and integration of all elements create a unique and startling effect in the world of contemporary realist sculpture. This project is the largest single installation of monumental sculpture in North America, the linear space covering an area of approximately five city blocks.
Another more recently completed monument depicts an ancient ancestral rock-climbing Puebloan Indian descending a sheer narrow column of sandstone with a basket of corn. Indicative of the ancient cliff-dweller culture of the American Southwest, the twenty-foot high monument graces the new Visitor's Center and Museum entrance into Mesa Verde National monument near Cortez, Colorado.
Inventor.
Following a mid-air collision over the Salt Lake Valley in 1987 that destroyed two airplanes and claimed ten lives, Fraughton, a pilot, invented and patented a new technology for tracking aircraft. This technology, now most popularly known as ADS-B, uses GPS satellite tracking to find and report aircraft positions. Fraughton's U.S. Patent, (Patent Number 5,153,836) and foreign patents were issued in 1992. Subsequently, he served on several committees associated with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), most notably the original ADS committee and Special Committee 186 of the Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics. ADS-B has recently been announced as the FAA's system of choice to upgrade and replace the outdated radar based air traffic control technology.
In the field of sculpture, Fraughton has developed an improved method for enlarging his sculpture into monumental scale. Using digital imaging and CNC cutting, his technique allows positive clay components to be produced to any scale with greater integrity, thus improving efficiency during the direct modeling stage.

</doc>
<doc id="21380757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380757" title="2020 Vision Campaign">
2020 Vision Campaign

The 2020 Vision Campaign is an international campaign pushing for a nuclear-weapon-free world by the year 2020. It was initiated on a provisional basis by the Executive Cities of Mayors for Peace at their meeting in Manchester, UK, in October 2003. It was launched under the name 'Emergency Campaign to Ban Nuclear Weapons' in November of that year at the 2nd Citizens Assembly for the Elimination of Nuclear Weapons held in Nagasaki, Japan. In August 2005, the World Conference endorsed continuation of the Campaign under the title of the '2020 Vision Campaign'. 
Campaign Objectives: The 2020 Vision.
The 2020 Vision Campaign has four main objectives: 
1. Adoption of the Hiroshima-Nagasaki Protocol by the 2010 NPT Review Conference 
2. Directly thereafter, an end to nuclear weapon acquisition and threats and, as soon as possible thereafter, a clampdown on all weapon-usable fissile materials 
3. Conclusion of a Nuclear Weapons Convention prior to 2015 NPT Review Conference
4. Securely destroy all nuclear weapons by the 2020 NPT Review Conference
Working with mayoral associations, City Halls and various civil society advisors and actors, the 2020 Vision Campaign is pushing internationally for signatures to the Cities Appeal, leading to the adoption of the Hiroshima-Nagasaki Protocol in 2010.
Hiroshima-Nagasaki Protocol.
Since May 2008, the main focus of the work of the 2020 Vision Campaign has been the signature drive for the Cities Appeal in support of the Hiroshima-Nagasaki Protocol. The Protocol embeds the final objective of the 2020 Vision Campaign in a realistic framework. As a protocol complementary to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), it seeks to challenge national governments to follow through on the commitments they made in Article VI of the Treaty.
By signing the Cities Appeal, Mayors and elected local officials around the world are given the chance to get behind the Hiroshima-Nagasaki Protocol ahead of the formal and final presentation of the results of the international signature drive at the 2010 NPT Review Conference at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21380763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380763" title="Icelandic Super Cup">
Icelandic Super Cup

The Icelandic Super Cup (Icelandic: "Meistarakeppni karla") is an annual football game between the reigning champions of the Icelandic League (Úrvalsdeild) champions and the Icelandic Cup holders (or, if the same team holds both titles, between the title-holder and (usually) the team in second place in the Úrvalsdeild or occasionally the second placed team in the Icelandic Cup). It generally takes place at the start of the Iceland domestic season, in May and has been running uninterrupted since 2003 (when the holders of the 2002 titles met). Before that the competition was uninterrupted between 1969 and 1999. Title-holders from 1999, 2000 and 2001 didn't play for this title.
The most successful team is Valur with a total of eight wins.
Past Finals.
There were two games played in 1996 and 1998, one in the spring and one in the autumn, with the spring-game covering the year before and the autumn-game covering the just-finished season. For easier understanding the years listed are always the year after a team won the Úrvalsdeild or Cup (so the autumn games are listed as having been played the year after they were played).
1 - After Extra Time
2 - Penalties
3 - Four matches were played between the two teams. The first finished 1-1, the second 3-0 to KR and the third (listed above) decided the title, with KR winning 4-2. The fourth match then finished 6-1 to KR.
4 - ÍBA (later split into Þór A. and KA) and Keflavík played four matches for the title, twice home and twice away. The first two matches finished 2-0 to the away team with things tied. The third match finished 1-1, with the teams yet tied, and so the fourth match (listed above) decided the title, when Keflavík won 2-1 in Keflavík.
5 - Three teams played each other home and away, the deciding match between teams number 1 and 2 is listed.
6 - Three teams played each other home and away, the deciding match between teams number 1 and 2 is listed. The league champions were third that year (ÍA in 1971, Fram in 1973 and Keflavík in 1974).
7 - Three teams played each other home and away, the deciding match between teams number 1 and 2 is listed. The cup champions were third that year (Víkingur R. in 1972, Valur in 1975 and ÍA in 1979).
8 - The league champions also won the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21380768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380768" title="Worthing Leisure Centre">
Worthing Leisure Centre

Worthing Leisure Centre is a Leisure Centre located in Worthing, England, near the now demolished Worthing College and Durrington-on-Sea railway station. The Capacity of the Main Hall is around 1,000 people and can be adapted for a variety of uses including: Badminton (10 courts), Basketball (2 courts), Volleyball (2 courts), Trampolining (6 trampolines) and a variety of other special events.
The Main Hall is also home to BBL team Worthing Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="21380774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380774" title="Charles A. Perkins">
Charles A. Perkins

Charles Albert Perkins (January 26, 1869-January 16, 1930) was an American lawyer and reformer who was New York County District Attorney in 1915. While with the District Attorney's office, Perkins prosecuted many of the city's gang leaders, labor racketeers and other underworld figures during the early 20th century. He also served as special prosecutor for several major state investigations into corruption most notably the City Trust cases of 1928-29. 
Biography.
Charles Perkins was born to Albert C. and Caroline Perkins in Lawrence, Massachusetts on January 26, 1869. Attending public school in Exeter, New Hampshire, his father was principal of the Phillips Exeter Academy from 1873 to 1883 and later accepted a position at Adelphi Academy in Brooklyn, New York where Perkins attended until the age of 18. Graduating from Dartmouth College in 1890, in which he was elected permanent secretary of his class, Perkins returned to New York to take a position as a clerk in the law offices of Kenneson, Crain & Alling. Thomas C.T. Crain, another New York District Attorney, was also a member of the firm. 
In 1893, Perkins received his law degree from the New York Law School and admitted to the bar. He entered private practice with Edward C. Bailey and, two years later, was an assistant to the prosecution during the Lexow Committee investigation. Perkins was involved in drawing up plans for the consolidation of present-day New York City and, in 1897, he was named Deputy Assistant District Attorney by William M.K. Olcott. Continuing private practice for another four years, he was appointed Deputy Assistant District Attorney in 1902 and Assistant District Attorney two years later. During his thirteen years in the District Attorney's office, while in charge of the bureau of indictments and extradition, he personally prepared over 75,000 indictments for grand jury consideration. He also married Miriam Nancy Shelton Rogers and together had a son, Albert Perkins, who was born a year after their marriage on August 27, 1904. 
After the election of D.A. Charles S. Whitman as Governor of New York in 1914, Perkins was appointed his successor and took office as New York County District Attorney on January 1, 1915. During his year in office, Perkins joined the New York City Police Department in their campaign against the New York underworld. As well as obtaining a record number of convictions of major gang leaders, he also headed prosecutions against labor racketeers involved in the first "Labor Slugger War". He was nominated for re-election by the New York Republicans over Frank Moss but lost the election to Judge Edward Swann in November 1915, and resumed his private practice at the beginning of 1916. 
Perkins formed a partnership with writer Arthur Train and later joined the law firm of Perkins, Malone & Washburn remaining with them for the rest of his career. He was also retained for a number of high-profile city trust cases. In 1921, he was appointed special prosecutor in the Lockwood Committee's investigation of building supplies. In June 1928, Perkins was named prosecutor by Moreland Commissioner Robert Moses in the state investigation of the Banking Department and the cases arising from the failure of the City Trust Company. He also served on numerous committees for the New York County Bar Association including serving as chairman during a committee investigation into police brutality in 1929. Resigning his position as special prosecutor due to poor health in August 1930 and died at his home in Suffern, Rockland County, New York, on January 16, 1930. His funeral was held at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church on Fifth Avenue and Fifty-Fifth Street with his body later being cremated. 

</doc>
<doc id="21380789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380789" title="Jean-Achille Benouville">
Jean-Achille Benouville

Jean-Achille Benouville (15 July 1815, Paris – 8 February 1891, Paris) was a French landscape painter of the academic painting school, known for his Italian landscapes. François-Léon Benouville was his younger brother. Jean-Achille Benouville married Nadäscha Amalia Sillem (1813-1899) in 1873. She was the widow of Alfred August Odier (1802-1870).

</doc>
<doc id="21380796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380796" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 200 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. There were a total number of 59 participating athletes, with eight qualifying heats, four quarter-finals, two semi-finals and the final held on Friday 29 August 2003 at 21:00h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
Quarter-finals.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Heats.
Held on Wednesday 27 August 2003
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21380797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380797" title="Chris March">
Chris March

Chris March is an American fashion and costume designer, best known for his appearance as a contestant on season 4 of Bravo's Project Runway.
He was also on the Project Runway All-Star Challenge, and was the third runner-up.
Career.
March is originally from Alameda, California, where he worked as a costume designer for the long-running musical revue, Beach Blanket Babylon. His client list includes Madonna, Cirque du Soleil, Prince, Beyoncé Knowles (he constructed the costumes for her I Am... Tour), Lady Gaga, Thierry Mugler and Meryl Streep. His costuming efforts have also been recognized with a Drama Desk Award nomination in 2002 for "Christmas With the Crawfords."
March currently resides in New York City and has appeared on several episodes of The Real Housewives of New York City as a friend of Sonja Morgan.
March stars on a show about his work as a costume designer, entitled "Mad Fashion", which premiered on the Bravo Network on October 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21380801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380801" title="Björn Dreyer (footballer born 1977)">
Björn Dreyer (footballer born 1977)

Björn Dreyer (born 27 July 1977 in Hamburg) is a retired German footballer.
Dreyer made his debut in the Bundesliga for SC Freiburg on 28 August 1999 when he came on as a substitute in the 76th minute in a game against TSV 1860 München.

</doc>
<doc id="21380805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380805" title="Olaf Förster">
Olaf Förster

Olaf Förster (born 2 November 1962) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the coxless fours. In this event, he won a gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics and world titles in 1987 and 1989.
Förster's wife Kerstin also won a gold medal in rowing at the 1988 Olympics. The couple has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21380840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380840" title="European and Mediterranean Conference on Information Systems">
European and Mediterranean Conference on Information Systems

The European and Mediterranean Conference on Information Systems (EMCIS) is an annual conference for information systems and information technology academics and professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="21380852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380852" title="Emer Kenny">
Emer Kenny

Emer Gwynne Morganna Kenny (born 10 October 1989) is a British actress and writer who first came to national attention as Zsa Zsa Carter in the BBC soap opera EastEnders and its online spin-off " "of which some of the episodes' scripts were written and co-written by her. She currently plays Danielle Reeves in the BBC Three sitcom "Pramface".
Career.
Kenny made her professional debut in the 2007 BBC television drama "Coming Down The Mountain" and in 2009 she made her film debut in Phil Claydon's "Lesbian Vampire Killers". She has also played the role of Kate in an improvisational BBC production called "Freefall" written and directed by Dominic Savage, which was screened in 2009. In January 2010 Kenny began her role in the "EastEnders" spin-off "" as Zsa Zsa Carter as well as in "EastEnders" itself. Kenny was cast in the role of Zsa Zsa after writing the second episode of "EastEnders: E20". A second series of "EastEnders: E20" was announced in April 2010, with Kenny returning as a writer, though it was announced the following month that Zsa Zsa would be written out of "EastEnders" so Kenny could pursue further acting roles.
She made her last appearance on 30 September 2010.
In 2010 Kenny was painted by Rolf Harris as Titania from Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" for an edition of BBC TV's "Arena" ("Rolf Harris Paints His Dream").
Kenny wrote a further episode of "EastEnders: E20" for series 3 in 2011 and was selected as the youngest ever writer for the BBC's Writers Academy where she is training to write for programmes such as "EastEnders", "Casualty", "Holby City", and "Doctors". Her first "EastEnders" episode as a writer was broadcast on 8 May 2012.
She joined the cast of E4's Beaver Falls for its second series playing the character Hope. The second series began airing in early August 2012 with the final episode of the series airing in early September 2012. It was announced on 22 September 2012 that the drama would not be recommissioned. 
In 2011 she was cast as Danielle Reeves in the BBC Three dramedy "Pramface" alongside her Beaver Falls co-star Scarlett Alice Johnson. Pramface piloted in late February 2012 and was met with good reception, so much so the second series was commisioned by the BBC before the first series had even aired. She reprised her role for the second series which began airing in the new year of 2013 and was broadcast a second time on BBC One throughout the summer of 2013. She reprised her role again for a third series which commenced airing in late February 2014.
She played the role of Rachel alongside Matthew Crosby, Ben Clark and Tom Parry in the first series of BBC Three's sitcom Badults which aired in the summer of 2013. A second series was commissioned but it was announced that Kenny would not feature in it.
Personal life.
Kenny was born in the North London Borough of Haringey and she attended North London Collegiate School (NLCS) in Edgware, Middlesex, London until 2008. She is of Welsh and Irish heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="21380855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380855" title="Reserved wild animals of Thailand">
Reserved wild animals of Thailand

Thailand has fifteen designated reserved wild animal species, which are defined by the Wild Animal Reservation and Protection Act of BE 2535. It is prohibited by law to hunt, breed, possess or trade any of such species, except when done for scientific research with permission from the Permanent Secretary of National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation, and breeding and possession by authorised public zoos.
The fifteen reserved species are:
Of these fifteen species, at least one (the Schomburgk's Deer) is already extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="21380904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380904" title="Real Recognize Real">
Real Recognize Real

Real Recognize Real is the seventh studio album by Memphis-based rapper Project Pat. It was released on February 24, 2009, but was leaked onto the internet on February 18. This is Pat's first album to drop courtesy of Asylum Records, which previously distributed albums by HCP artists Frayser Boy and Chrome and is the current distributor of Lil Wyte. It debuted at #8 on the Top Rap Albums Chart, with about 8,800 copies sold in the first week of release.
The lead single from the album is "Keep It Hood" featuring OJ da Juiceman.

</doc>
<doc id="21380911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380911" title="The Moors Murderers">
The Moors Murderers

The Moors Murderers were a short-lived punk band who caused controversy by naming themselves after the perpetrators of the Moors Murders. The band was founded in 1977 by Steve Strange (lead vocals), later to be in Visage, and comprised Chrissie Hynde (guitar), later in The Pretenders, Tex (bass), Topper Headon (drums), who was then borrowed from The Clash, Vince Ely (drums), later in The Psychedelic Furs, and The Kid, whose real name was Mark Ryan and was a member of Adam and the Ants.
History.
The Moors Murderers was one of the punk bands Steve Strange formed after coming to London.
The band's history is very vague. The main person involved was Strange, who had the idea to form a band with the name The Moors Murderers. They never actually played music, but only did a photo session. However, in 1981 Strange claimed that, after he left Wales and went to London, a person got him involved in the band.
After the photo session, Strange decided to form a real band. Their first gig was supporting The Slits at Holland Park Comprehensive School. The line-up comprised Strange on vocals, The Kid (ex-Adam and the Ants) on guitar, John on bass and drummer Vince Ely (ex-The Unwanted). Chrissie Hynde (from Johnny Moped) was also present at the gig and was involved with the band, writing songs with Strange. At the first concert, The Kid claimed later, the band debuted live as The Photons, but Dave Goodman wrote that the band performed as The Moors Murderers, causing a controversy. After that, it seemed The Kid quit and joined a more permanent version of The Photons, being replaced by Chrissie Hynde. By then, Strange wanted to record, and "Free Hindley" was issued as a single, backed with "Ten Commandments", on the suggestion of Dave Goodman.
During their brief existence, the band composed songs, which were played live and during rehearsals, one of them filmed by an Italian TV crew in 1978. After this, Strange lost interest and the band split up.
Apparently, sometime late in 1977 or 1978, The Kid left the band, being replaced by Tex Axile (ex-Peroxide Romance), called simply Tex during those days. Another who apparently left during those days was Vince Ely, who later went on to form The Psychedelic Furs, being replaced by Topper Headon, borrowed from The Clash.

</doc>
<doc id="21380912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380912" title="P-adically closed field">
P-adically closed field

In mathematics, a "p"-adically closed field is a field that enjoys a closure property that is a close analogue for "p"-adic fields to what real closure is to the real field. They were introduced by James Ax and Simon B. Kochen in 1965.
Definition.
Let "K" be the field ℚ of rational numbers and "v" be its usual "p"-adic valuation (with formula_1). If "F" is a (not necessarily algebraic) extension field of "K", itself equipped with a valuation "w", we say that formula_2 is formally "p"-adic when the following conditions are satisfied:
The formally "p"-adic fields can be viewed as an analogue of the formally real fields.
For example, the field ℚ(i) of Gaussian rationals, if equipped with the valuation w given by formula_6 (and formula_7) is formally 5-adic (the place "v"=5 of the rationals splits in two places of the Gaussian rationals since formula_8 factors over the residue field with 5 elements, and "w" is one of these places). The field of 5-adic numbers (which contains both the rationals and the Gaussian rationals embedded as per the place "w") is also formally 5-adic. On the other hand, the field of Gaussian rationals is "not" formally 3-adic for any valuation, because the only valuation "w" on it which extends the 3-adic valuation is given by formula_9 and its residue field has 9 elements.
When "F" is formally "p"-adic but that there does not exist any proper "algebraic" formally "p"-adic extension of "F", then "F" is said to be "p"-adically closed. For example, the field of "p"-adic numbers is "p"-adically closed, and so is the algebraic closure of the rationals inside it (the field of "p"-adic algebraic numbers).
If "F" is "p"-adically closed, then:
The first statement is an analogue of the fact that the order of a real-closed field is uniquely determined by the algebraic structure.
The definitions given above can be copied to a more general context: if "K" is a field equipped with a valuation "v" such that
(these hypotheses are satisfied for the field of rationals, with "q"=π="p" the prime number having valuation 1) then we can speak of formally "v"-adic fields (or formula_14-adic if formula_14 is the ideal corresponding to "v") and "v"-adically complete fields.
The Kochen operator.
If "K" is a field equipped with a valuation "v" satisfying the hypothesis and with the notations introduced in the previous paragraph, define the Kochen operator by:
(when formula_17). It is easy to check that formula_18 always has non-negative valuation. The Kochen operator can be thought of as a "p"-adic (or "v"-adic) analogue of the square function in the real case.
An extension field "F" of "K" is formally "v"-adic if and only if formula_19 does not belong to the subring generated over the value ring of "K" by the image of the Kochen operator on "F". This is an analogue of the statement (or definition) that a field is formally real when formula_20 is not a sum of squares.
First-order theory.
The first-order theory of "p"-adically closed fields (here we are restricting ourselves to the "p"-adic case, i.e., "K" is the field of rationals and "v" is the "p"-adic valuation) is complete and model complete, and if we slightly enrich the language it admits quantifier elimination. Thus, one can define "p"-adically closed fields as those whose first-order theory is elementarily equivalent to that of formula_21.

</doc>
<doc id="21380928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380928" title="Wayles Browne">
Wayles Browne

Eppes Wayles Browne (born 1941, Washington, DC) is a linguist, Slavist, translator and editor of Slavic journals in several countries. Browne is Professor of Linguistics at Cornell University, with research interests in Slavic and general linguistics, notably the study and analysis of Serbo-Croatian, where he is one of the leading Western scholars.
Biography.
Browne's Slavic studies began with his undergraduate career at Harvard University (A.B., 1963, in Linguistics and Slavic Languages), and continued with graduate work at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Novi Sad (then in SFR Yugoslavia), culminating in a Ph.D. degree (dated 1980, defended in January 1981, and awarded in 1983) from the University of Zagreb. He studied with some of the finest linguists and Slavicists of the 20th century, including Roman Jakobson, Horace G. Lunt, Morris Halle, and Pavle Ivić. His dissertation, directed by Rudolf Filipović, was entitled "Relativna rečenica u hrvatskom ili srpskom jeziku u poređenju s engleskom situacijom" ("Relative Clauses in the Croatian or Serbian Language in Comparison with the English Situation") and is one of the first serious attempts to analyze Serbo-Croatian syntax within a generative grammar framework. It was later published in revised form, in 1986, as "Relative Clauses in Serbo-Croatian", as part of the Zagreb English-Serbo-Croatian Contrastive Project, by the Institute of Linguistics of University of Zagreb.
Besides his present position at Cornell, where he has taught since 1974, Professor Browne has taught at Brown University and Yale University. He has also held research positions at MIT and at the University of Zagreb.
Linguistics.
Browne's main interests lie in the syntax of Serbo-Croatian and other South Slavic languages (with particular attention to relative clauses, clitic placement rules, and complement clauses) and in the contributions data from these languages can make to theoretical work in general linguistics. He has also published works on the topic of the Balkan language area, Slavic historical grammar, comparative and contrastive grammar, and pedagogical grammar.
He served as the co-editor of "Annual Workshop on Formal Approaches to Slavic Linguistics: the Cornell Meeting, 1995" (Michigan Slavic Publications, 1997), and has authored more than 65 articles and 20 reviews, covering topics not just in Serbo-Croatian and South Slavic linguistics but also in Slavic linguistics more generally (including work on Russian and on Czech) and in linguistic theory.
As part of a team of scholars, described by Slavic and Balkan languages professor Christina Kramer as "each recognized internationally in his language area", he wrote the widely cited definitive sketch of Serbo-Croatian grammar: "Serbo-Croat" (pp. 306–387 in The Slavonic Languages, B. Comrie and G. Corbett, eds., Routledge Publishers, 1993). Several reviewers commented favourably on Browne's contribution: Roland Sussex considered it superior to an independent monograph on the same language, while Edna Andrews wrote in her review of the book's 2002 second edition, "Wayles Browne does an outstanding job ... and his contribution continues to be one of the best in the field." Browne has also served as linguistics editor for "The Slavic and East European Journal".
In the Introduction of the recently published book "A Linguist's Linguist: Studies in South Slavic Linguistics in Honor of E. Wayles Browne" that "brings together a leading cohort of specialists in South Slavic linguistics to celebrate Wayles Browne's body of works in this area," the editors Steven Franks, Vrinda Chidambaram, and Brian Joseph described Wayles Browne's as "a unique and almost irreplaceable intellectual resource for specialists in Slavic linguistics, working on a myriad of topics in a variety of languages and from a range of theoretical perspectives. He has been a subtle yet persistent force in bringing Slavic puzzles to the attention of the larger world of linguists and in defining the larger significance of these puzzles."
In general linguistics, Browne has done research in syntax, morphology, and phonology as well as in relative clauses and other subordinate clauses, interrogatives, clitic rules, word order, reflexive verbs, and accent rules, publishing numerous pieces in such major journals as "Balkanistica", "Folia Slavica", and "Linguistic Inquiry".
Translations.
Browne's literary translations are mostly from Serbo-Croatian varieties (Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian). He has been the principal English translator and editor for the Bosnian poet Sasha Skenderija since 1993,
Personal life and views.
In 1994, Browne and his wife provided accommodation at their home for a student refugee from the Bosnian War, who arrived in the United States as part of a scheme organised by the Fellowship of Reconciliation. He later criticised the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia for its effect on civilians, while acknowledging, "if somebody is going to intervene militarily, Slobodan Milošević is a very good person to intervene against."

</doc>
<doc id="21380946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380946" title="389th Bombardment Squadron">
389th Bombardment Squadron

The 389th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 312th Bombardment Group, based at Ellington Field. Texas. It was inactivated on June 27, 1949.
History.
Established in early 1942 as a light bomb squadron, equipped with A-24 Banshees, although equipped with export model A-31 Vengeance dive bombers for training. Trained under Third Air Force in the southeast United States, also used for antisubmarine patrols over the Atlantic southeast coast and then Gulf of Mexico.
Deployed to Southern California in early 1943 to the Desert Warfare Center, trained in light bombing while supporting Army maneuvers in the Mojave Desert until October.
Re-equipped with North American A-36 Apache dive bombers and deployed to New Guinea as part of Fifth Air Force. In the Southwest Pacific the squadron attacked Japanese strong points and tactical positions and targets of opportunity in support of MacArthur's campaign along the north coast of New Guinea; then advancing into the Netherlands East Indies and Philippines as part of the Island Hopping campaign. Re-equipped with P-40s; then later A-20 Havocs. Engaged in heavy fighting on Lete; Mindoro and Luzon in the Philippines during 1944-1945.
The squadron moved to Okinawa in mid August and after the Atomic Bomb missions had been flown; remained on Okinawa until December until returning to the United States with most personnel demobilizing. It was inactivated as a paper unit on January 6, 1946.
The squadron was reactivated as a B-29 Superfortress unit in the reserves in 1947, but lack of funding and personnel led to rapid inactivation.

</doc>
<doc id="21380947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380947" title="Miss Latin America 1986">
Miss Latin America 1986

Miss América Latina 1986 was the fourth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the sixth overall. The final event was held on October 16, 1986 in San José, Costa Rica. At the conclusion of the pageant, Lucia Collado of the Dominican Republic was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Victoria Mauríz, also of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="21380949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380949" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1970">
Abruzzo regional election, 1970

The Abruzzo regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than twice the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. The position of President of the Region was held by Ugo Crescenzi (1970–1972), Giustino De Cecco (1972–1973), Ugo Crescenzi (1973–1974) and again Ugo Crescenzi (1974–1975), all Christian Democrats.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21380964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380964" title="Ski School (film)">
Ski School (film)

Ski School is a 1991 comedy film about a fictional ski school starring Dean Cameron. A sequel, "Ski School 2", followed in 1994, also starring Cameron.
Plot.
A hard-partying section of the school, Section 8, led by Dave Marshak (Dean Cameron) must face a more buttoned-up section of the school led by Reid Janssens (Mark Thomas Miller) to save their jobs. They recruit hotshot newcomer, John Roland (Tom Breznahan) to help them win an end-of-the-season skiing competition and also play a series of hilarious pranks on Reid and his cronies (especially, Derek and Eric) along the way.
Production notes.
"Ski School" was filmed in Los Angeles, California and on location in Mount Hood, Oregon and Whistler, British Columbia.
The movie's soundtrack features two songs by the band Lock Up, a late-80s musical outfit featuring Tom Morello on guitar, pre-dating his Rage Against the Machine fame.
Release.
The movie was released theatrically on January 11, 1991, although released in Canada the previous year by Cineplex Odeon. Later that year it was released on videocassette in the United States by HBO Video. In 2007, MGM released the movie on DVD. Despite the fact that the back of the DVD says the movie is presented in widescreen, it is actually presented in pan and scan.

</doc>
<doc id="21380969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380969" title="Anthony Rosen">
Anthony Rosen

Anthony Rosen (December 19, 1930 – March 22, 2007) was a farmer who bucked the trend towards smaller scale organic farming. An entrepreneurial agriculturalist, he became an energetic advocate of large-scale farming.
Biography.
After attending Framlingham College, Suffolk, and subsequently National Service, where he reached the rank of Captain, he attended the East Sussex School of Agriculture.
In 1956 he managed to secure a position as manager of a heavy land farm in Sussex. He began to formulate views on farming practice and founded the Farm Management Association and chaired the Farm Buildings Association. After Sussex he set up Fountain Farming where he put his farming practice views into operation and established a large scale intensive food production business that, with a dairy herd of over 5,000 animals and over of production, became the largest private farm in Europe.
He had to pull out of this business when he ran out of investment partners and concentrated over the next few years in foreign enterprises where he held many senior posts in a variety of countries including Zimbabwe, Australia and New Zealand.
Alongside his farming activities he was a journalist with a column in Farming News and also wrote the occasional obituary in "The Times".
In 1978 he became chairman of the Farmers' Club, and also served on the BBC’s Farm Advisory Committee.
Rosen was survived by his wife, Hilary, two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21380972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380972" title="Pierre Tal-Coat">
Pierre Tal-Coat

Pierre Tal-Coat (real name Pierre Louis Jacob; 1905–1985) was a French artist considered to be one of the founders of Tachisme.
Life and work.
He was born the son of a fisherman, in the village of Clohars-Carnoët, Finistère in 1905. He attended primary school from 1912 to 1914. In 1915, during World War I, his father was killed in fighting at the Argonne front. Apprenticed as a blacksmith in 1918, he began designing and sculpting and was rewarded with a national scholarship and entered the Upper primary school at Quimperlé. He started his working life as clerk to a notary in 1923 in Arzano. In 1924, he found work as a decorator at the Keraluc porcelain factory in Quimper in 1924, creating characters and landscapes of the Brittany countryside. 
Arriving in Paris in 1924, Tal-Coat modelled for the Académie de la Grande Chaumiere, was a moulder at the Manufacture de Sèvres and met with the painter Émile Compard. In 1925 and 1926 he fulfilled his military service in Paris in the cuirassiers. He met Auguste Fabre and Henri Bénézit and exhibited in their gallery under the name of Tal-Coat (Wood Face in Breton) which he used all his life to avoid homonymy with the poet Max Jacob. Back in Paris in 1930, after a stay back home in Brittany from 1927 to 1929, he mixed with such notables as Francis Gruber, André Marchand, Gertrude Stein, Francis Picabia, Ernest Hemingway, Giacometti, Balthus, Artaud, Tzara and Paul-Émile Victor. From 1932 he was a member of the "Forces Nouvelles". In 1936, he protested against the Spanish Civil War with his “Massacres” series. 
He was conscripted into the army in 1939 at Saint-Germain-en-Laye and later Ermenonville and demobilized in 1940 in Montauban. Setting himself up in Aix-en-Provence, which had become the refuge of many artists, including André Marchand, Charles Albert Cingria and Cendrars, he participated in the exhibition "Twenty young painters of French tradition" organized by Jean Bazaine in 1941 and later exhibited at the Galerie de France in 1943. Returning to Paris in 1945, he participated in the first exhibition of the Salon de Mai. He returned the following year to Aix, staying at the Chateau Noir, where Cézanne stayed when painting at Tholonet and met André Masson, philosopher Henri Maldiney and the poet André du Bouchet who became his close friends. His paintings by now had become non-figurative. 
Along with the artists of the new School of Paris, the Galerie de France (from 1943 to 1965), the Galerie Maeght (from 1954 to 1974), Benador (from 1970 to 1980), the HM gallery, the Clivage gallery and the Berthet-Aittouarès gallery all regularly exhibited his paintings. In 1956 six of his paintings were shown at the Venice Biennale with those of Jacques Villon and Bernard Buffet. In 1963 he collaborated alongside Joan Miró and Ubac in creation the of the Maeght foundation. He designed a wall mosaic for the entrance in 1968 and received the Grand Prix National des Arts. A large retrospective exhibition devoted to his work, was held at the Grand Palais in Paris in 1976.
Death.
In 1961, Tal-Coat bought the Dormont Carthusian building at Saint-Pierre-de-Bailleul near Vernon in Normandy. He died there in the summer of 1985.
Works.
Tal-Coat worked in a number of series, notably:
Book illustrations include the following authors:

</doc>
<doc id="21380980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21380980" title="Adrianna Tate-Duncan">
Adrianna Tate-Duncan

Adrianna "Ade" Tate-Duncan is a fictional character on The CW television series "90210", the fourth series in the "Beverly Hills, 90210" franchise. Portrayed by Jessica Lowndes, the character was originally only scripted as a guest spot in the series' pilot, but was added to the main cast in the fourteenth episode of the first season, replacing Jessica Walter.
Storylines.
Season 1.
At the opening of the series, Adrianna is an aspiring actress and Naomi Clark's best friend. She suffers from a serious drug addiction and is pressured by her mother, Constance, to support the family financially with her acting career. In order to afford her drug addiction, Adrianna steals money from her affluent best friend, Naomi. She develops a friendly rivalry with Annie due to her equal singing and acting talents, but falls apart when Annie takes over her role in the school play on opening night. When the school undergoes a drug search, Naomi attempts to protect Adrianna by flushing her drugs down the toilet, but is caught and arrested. Even though she promises she will turn herself in to clear Naomi of the charges, Adrianna overdoses before she can. Her Mother checks her into a drug rehabilitation clinic, paid for by classmate Navid Shirazi. As a result, Navid and Adrianna grow closer. During one of his visits to the clinic, Navid helps her reconnect with Naomi by driving to the Homecoming dance, where the two friends reconcile. As a result of his kindness, Adrianna discovers that he has been in love with her since they were children and they begin a relationship. 
After discovering one of her ex-boyfriends, Hank, has relapsed after finding out he was HIV positive, Adrianna takes an HIV-test. While she is negative for HIV, the results do reveal she is pregnant but the paternity is still unknown. Adrianna is unsure of the paternity, as her memories of recent sexual experiences have been clouded by her drug addiction. She does, however, know that the child is not Navid's, as they have not yet had sex. She and Navid break up as she reveals that she is pregnant because he doesn't believe that he can deal with her being pregnant with someone else's child. Eventually it is revealed that the baby's father is not Hank (whom she had slept with a few times when she was on drugs), but Ty Collins, her co-star in the school production of "Spring Awakening". Naomi’s opinion is that she should get an abortion, while Kelly Taylor thinks she should raise it or give it up for adoption. She drives all night and ends up at a clinic, where they tell her she's too far along to get an abortion. Naomi convinces Adrianna to tell Ty, and he tells his parents. Ty's parents tell Adrianna that they will pay for the doctor and anything else she needs. They also say that when she starts to show, they will send her to a retreat in New Mexico, so that nobody finds out, to which she readily agrees. Bolstered by the Collins' support, Adrianna becomes more confident in her ability to deal with her situation. Later, Ty gives Adrianna a contract which states that Adrianna must keep the whole pregnancy a secret and she realizes that their support hides the reality that they are ashamed of her and her unborn child. Adrianna is unwilling to tell her mother about her pregnancy, as she thinks that Constance will throw her out. Naomi convinces Adrianna to call Ty, as she thinks that the contract is unfair. Adrianna does so, and Ty's mother comes over to Adrianna's house to discuss the baby with Adrianna's mother. Ty's mother and Adrianna sit down to talk and Constance, Adrianna's mother, finds out about the pregnancy. Ty's mother gets kicked out of the house due to her arrogance and Constance talks to Adrianna and apologizes for putting so much pressure on her and they reconcile. 
Adrianna goes to school and decides to tell everyone her 'secret', so she gets help from Navid to announce through the school's video system that she is pregnant and that there is no father. Abandoning his date at the Valentine's Day dance, Navid shows up at Adrianna's house and asks her to be his Valentine and she accepts. A short while later, Navid proposes and she says yes. After Navid's mother approaches Adrianna and tells her that she thinks she should give the baby up, Adrianna takes prescription drugs to combat the stress. After this, she tells Navid that she knows she has to give the baby away. Later, at the prom, Navid and Ty scuffle when Navid becomes irate about Ty ignoring Adrianna and Adrianna subsequently goes into labor. She has a daughter whom she gives up for adoption and the foster parents name her Maisy.
Season 2.
It is revealed that childhood friends Adrianna and Erin Silver have grown close once again during the summer through their mutual friendships with Naomi. Naomi and Silver have been in summer school due to Annie Wilson busting Naomi's post-Prom party. Navid and Adrianna's relationship has been progressing slowly, and while he is ready to take it to the next level, even going as far as to rent a cabana, she isn't, and still wants to wait. Meanwhile, Adrianna runs into her childhood boyfriend, Teddy Montgomery, causing jealousy in Navid, due to their close relationship and Naomi, who has taken a liking to Teddy. The end of the first episode shows Adrianna and Naomi comforting Silver over her issues with Dixon and beginning their first day back at school, with Naomi proclaiming that this was going to be "their" year. Adrianna and Teddy kiss on his father's yacht. Adrianna felt bad and went back and slept with Navid. They later kiss again. Adrianna tells him that he shouldn't have done that and walks away. Adrianna receives her 6 month chip for sobriety at a meeting, and has also been in contact with Silver's mom. In "Wild Alaskan Salmon" she breaks up with Navid for Teddy and she said to Teddy she liked their relationship but he says he didn't want a relationship and she walks away confused. Then she goes to Navid telling him she wanted to get back together but he says no and he says he knew about her and Teddy and then he says it wasn't Silver that told him it was Teddy that told him. Later in "Unmasked" she begins to avoid Teddy because of what he did to her. In "Women's Intuition" Adrianna fails at winning Navid back, and thus, begins another downward spiral when she witnesses Navid flirting with other girls, and Teddy flirting with Silver. She purchases drugs from Jasper, the boyfriend of her old friend Annie. Navid later sees Adrianna buying drugs from Jasper at school. He confronts her about it but she angrily denies it. Naomi later finds her drugs at her house and leaves angry at her for lying.
When Adrianna finds out about the death of Silver's mother and Navid's injury, she decides to make a change for the better. She gets rid of all her drugs and tells Navid that she plans on working on herself, because she realized that even though during the previous year when she was off drugs she had been acting like an addict, as in, extremely dependent on him. Then, at the Winter Wonderland dance, she sees Jasper with Annie. During an intervention for Annie, Adrianna comes clean and tells her that she purchased the drugs from him and that she's willing to come forward if she has too. Navid tells her that she shouldn't because she'll get expelled. Adrianna's strength and selflessness helps her begin to mend friendships with Silver and Naomi. The three also befriend Annie once they learn the truth about Jen. Adrianna also finds companionship in Gia, fellow West Bev Blazer and former addict. They become close, helping each other out during troubled times. Adrianna helps Gia move on from her ex. Gia convinces Ade to audition to be in an all-girl band, and when Gia confesses to Adrianna that she has feelings for her, Adrianna herself begins to question if their friendship could turn into something more. After a heart-to-heart with Gia, Adrianna comes to the realisation that she reciprocates Gia's feelings and the two then embark on a relationship. During the early stages of the relationship, Adrianna is reluctant to be public with their relationship much to Gia's dismay but after Adrianna performs live with 'The Glorious Steinems' she walks up to Gia to kiss her in front of the audience, after realising that it shouldn't matter what others think. 
Adrianna is then approached by Ivy's mother, Laurel, who hopes to sign her as a solo singer. Put in the awkward situation of having to choose between staying in the band or going solo she talks to Navid and comes to the conclusion that she should go with the latter. Adrianna then has a heated argument with Gia due to the fact that Adrianna chose to speak with Navid about her doubts rather than Gia and causes Gia to walk out. While at a party, Adrianna and Laurel have a talk and Laurel tells Adrianna to follow her heart and leave the party to find Gia. Adrianna takes this advice and arrives at Gia's place only to walk in on Gia with her ex, causing Adrianna to leave. 
As Adrianna's music career begins to take off, Laurel has her write a song which turns into a duet between her and famous singer Javier. The two feel an instant connection and things heat up fast while Navid realizes that he still has feelings for her and decides that he's going to do what he can to win her back. Adrianna gives up on Navid because she thinks he doesn't like her anymore. Navid leaves a bracelet for Adrianna and a note saying "Meet me on the Roof." After Adrianna performs, she is offered a trip to New York to sing with Javier, before she can see the bracelet. Navid sees them leave and thinks that Adrianna chose Javier. Then Javier pretends the bracelet is from him. However when shooting a live segment for The Blaze, Navid sees the bracelet and asks to speak with Adrianna alone. They fight about the bracelet and Adrianna realizes that it was from Navid because all her favourite things are on there, including the date they first kissed. Adrianna and Navid get back together but Javier offers Adrianna a chance open for Javier's tour, which is all year long.
Season 3.
Adrianna and Javier are involved in a car crash, which kills Javier. Before the crash happened, Javier revealed to Adrianna that her music career is over, because Javier is jealous of Adrianna and Navid's relationship. Adrianna receives a bag with her belongings and a book full of original songs by Javier, which she keeps to use as her own material.
She sings one of Javier's songs at the memorial, which is attended by Javier's uncle and when he realizes the song was Javier's he threatens to ruin her career. However, they make a deal that if he (Victor) becomes her manager, he won't tell her secret. She agrees and decides to record the rest of Javier's songs. Soon, Adrianna finds herself becoming one of the most famous upcoming starlets in Hollywood and it begins to get to her head. She becomes vapid and vain and oblivious to her friends and starts bossing Victor around. Eventually Victor becomes fed up and reveals Adrianna's secret to the world just as her career really begins to take off, and just as Navid starts to fall in love with Silver, her best friend, unbeknownst to her.
While Navid and Silver begin an affair behind her back, Adrianna scrambles to regain her fame and is now in debt. Out of desperation, she agrees to sell a story to a tabloid regarding the baby she gave up for adoption. Navid, upset how Adrianna used the baby to make money, breaks up with her. Adrianna attempts to get back together with Navid, and finds an earring in his bedroom after he rejects her. She leans on Silver for support, believing that the real reason why Navid had broken up with her is because he had been cheating on her. Soon, reality producers begin following her and her friends around while trying to shoot a pilot. Adrianna and Navid get into an argument and he finally admits to having cheated on her. Once again, Adrianna runs to Silver for support, claiming that she wants to find out who the girl he cheated with is so that she can destroy her. Unbeknownst to her, it's Silver, who clearly begins to subtly crack under the pressure of her guilty conscience.
While filming more scenes for the show, Adrianna makes a startling discovery. After much investigation, she realizes that it was Silver who Navid had been cheating with. Heartbroken, Adrianna cries to herself, but later masks her hurt with a plot for revenge. Instead of confronting them, she decides to mess with Silver's guilty conscience by acting oblivious. She plays on Silver's conscience by telling her and Naomi that she believes that Lila, Navid's ex-girlfriend, was the girl Navid had been cheating with and that she plans to send a naked picture of Lila to the entire school for her revenge. Knowing that she has to stop Adrianna, Silver decides to come clean and admit that she was the one who Navid had cheated on her with. Adrianna admits that she knew it was her all along and ultimately sends a naked picture of Silver to the entire school. The group takes a trip to Mexico for the spring break, where Adrianna and Silver's feud continues. Upon their return home, Adrianna asks Silver to put it behind them and she eagerly and happily agrees. However, the next scene shows that Adrianna's willingness to make up is insincere as she exchanges Silver's bipolar medication for unknown pills. The effect of this is enormous on Silver who goes through a lengthy manic episode followed by a sudden depressive state. Adrianna's vengeful prank causes Silver to lose any chance of attending her dream school, NYU, and lands Silver in the psychiatric ward at the local hospital. Adrianna visits the hospital, pretending to be a caring friend, and takes Navid home, giving him alcohol and falling asleep next to him on a bed.
When she realizes he was drunk and forgot what happened last night, she invents they kissed. Being rejected later, she goes to Silver and tells her Navid kissed her. At a party for Ivy and Raj, Silver's stolen medicine falls out of her purse and all her friends turn their backs on her, which makes her think about committing suicide. She decides not to and resolves to becoming a better person.
Season 4.
Adrianna comes back from Africa and visits Silver at her apartment to try to reconcile but is rejected. She then shows up at Naomi's party to apologize again, but Silver again rejects her saying she doesn't think she can ever trust Adrianna again. Dixon Wilson then walks over and comforts her. While Dixon is standing on the balcony of his new condo, Ade walks out in just a t-shirt and tells him she came over to see him because she needed someone to talk to, but she ran into Austin, his new roommate and its hinted that they might have slept together, but Austin later tells Dixon they just made out a little bit and nothing else. Adrianna starts hanging around Dixon's apartment and the boys seem a little annoyed by her presence, especially Austin. After it is decided that Dixon tell her to leave, she tells him that she is going home, and that the only reason why she came to see him and been hanging around is because Dixon has been nice and sweet and is the only one who doesn't see her as pure evil. Dixon then helps her get a job as a waitress at Liam Court's new bar. Adrianna continues to try and regain the trust of her friends, though she soon succeeds her goal in Liam and Dixon, the other members of their group still refuse to trust her. Adrianna then soon suspects that Dixon has a drug problem. She is later proven right when in Vegas she follows the gang there to ensure Dixon does not succumb to his newfound drug addiction or previous gambling addiction. Ade comes across him as he prepares to snort some drugs, and after an emotional confrontation the two kiss and have real sex. 
When Annie discovers them, she accuses Adrianna of seducing Dixon and bringing the drugs. Fed up with everyone treating her terribly, Adrianna lashes out at Annie, and declares she is there to help Dixon who also comes to her defense. Dixon attempts to start a relationship with Adrianna but she denies him, fearful that he might become dependent on her only so that he can avoid dealing with his own problems. Once Dixon goes through rehab Adrianna decides to give him a chance and they begin a relationship. She becomes worried when he quickly reenters the music industry that he might begin using drugs. Dixon decides to use a song Adrianna sang at a benefit for Raj, their friend Ivy Sullivan's husband, and remix it to include his own lyrics. When he shows her his version of the song and tells her that he's going to submit it to a record company, she becomes outraged, believing that he's using her song to just to get ahead in the music industry. When Dixon decides not to perform the song at an event and instead sings a song about how he is sorry, she forgives him. Adrianna later reveals to Dixon that the song is actually about Maisie, the daughter she gave away in order to pursue a career in the entertainment business as an actress/singer. This sets up the storyline for the latter half of the second season which will begin in 2012 where Adrianna will deal with the repressed repercussions of giving the baby up for adoption as she attempts to reconnect with her child. Adrianna also reveals to Dixon that she wants to collaborate with him musically as they both share a strong passion for music as an art form of expression.
Adrianna learns from Navid that Silver is dating the adoptive father of her child Maisie and that they're planning on moving to New York City. Upset at the possibility that Silver might raise her daughter, Adrianna pays a surprise visit to Maisie picking her up from daycare pretending to be Greg's girlfriend. Silver soon finds Adrianna and Maisie and the two have an emotional reunion but Silver's relationship with Greg comes to an end when he learns that Adrianna has met Maisie under the impression that Silver introduced the two of them to each other. Dixon and Adrianna continue to collaborate musically and he asks her to move in with him once they tell each other that they're in love with one another and soon after land a meeting with a major movie producer to discuss music on his next film, but are sabotaged by Vanessa, Liam's girlfriend, who is trying to work behind the scenes to make Liam a movie star. Eventually Adrianna and Dixon land a spot in a musical festival alongside the band Train. Dixon is offered a recording contract by a record executive, but not Adrianna. Adrianna tells Liam about her suspicions that Vanessa may have staged the near-drowning incident which brought him spotlight fame. But Vanessa soon learns about Adrianna's suspicions and she successfully frames Adrianna for assaulting her. However, Dixon believes Adrianna while Liam believes that Vanessa was attacked by Adrianna. To help get over the ordeal with Vanessa, Dixon and Adrianna continue to work on music.
Dixon collapses while arguing in the recording studio with Adrianna, and he is taken to the hospital for observation where he and Ade learn that he has a congential heart condition and he only has 5 years left to live. Adrianna decides to quit making music with him as she feels guilty for putting too much pressure on him when in reality Dixon is dealing with his own guilt about lying to Adrianna as he secretly signed a solo recording contract behind her back. Navid arrives back in town for a visit where Dixon confesses to him the truth but admits he did not tell Adrianna because the label didn't want to sign her. Dixon also accepts a gig to go on tour to play backup for Haley Reinhart, but doesn't tell Adrianna, but she later finds out anyway and forces him to choose either her or his career. He chooses his career over her. Soon after Austin returns to Los Angeles and offers to be Adrianna's new manager, suggesting she start singing country music as a change of tune to her career after Dixon leaves town without saying goodbye. Austin enlists his father, Judd Ridge, to help launch Adrianna’s new country-western career as a side act. Adrianna deals with Dixon leaving her by writing songs, two of which she sings live at different events. Eventually Dixon decides returns from touring with his band where he calls Adrianna to give their relationship a second chance. Adrianna agrees, but soon regrets it when Dixon fails to show up at their meeting spot and she thinks he bailed on her again, but in reality he gets into a fatal car accident with his bandmates. During the final moment of the season, Adrianna leaves town with Austin to go on tour as the latest country-western star and him as her manager.
Season 5.
Adrianna continues her country music tour, unaware that Dixon has gotten into a life-threatening car accident and is in a coma in a hospital back in Los Angeles. 'Ade' then has an unforgettable evening after another show in Las Vegas when she hooks up with a handsome stranger named Taylor. Annie finally manages to contact Ade in Vegas and gets her to return to Los Angeles to be with an unconscious Dixon, and the two girls decide to move into the beach apartment together. Adrianna soon learns that Taylor has become Liam and Navid's business partner and she fails at attempting to avoid him after she becomes confused about her feelings toward him after he kisses her. Dixon, unaware of what has happened between Ade and Taylor, encourages Ade to hire Taylor to create her new music video concept. After Taylor dares Adrianna to show him how sexy she can be, she realizes that she has feeling for him. As Dixon continues to recuperate, Adrianna confides in Annie that she and Dixon are having intimacy issues. After her relationship with Dixon is over, Ade decides to pay much more attention to her friends and mainly with Silver. The two made a show in a truck where they could interview people about their clients. However when Naomi and Annie's step brother Mark comes in between the two, they promise not to have a date with him and put their friendship over this. After Naomi's party night, Silver hooks up with Mark and later confides it to Ade, leaving Ade confused and worried about their friendship.
The series ends with Adriana and Navid back together. Ready to get a house, a dog and a fireplace.
Development.
The character of Adrianna was originally scripted as a guest spot in the series' pilot. When Lowndes was cast, she only knew that her character was a singer in the school musical, and as a singer herself, she was excited to sing on television. However, Lowndes was surprised when "they chopped my hair off, and wrote this amazing material for me in which I had a drug addiction and I was dying. I honestly didn't know where it was going." The day after she filmed the drug overdose scene, Lowndes was offered series regular status. Michael Ausiello of "Entertainment Weekly" reported that the character was upgraded because she created more storyline.
When Lowndes realized her character was a drug addict, she did a lot of research and talked to real recovering addicts in Vancouver and over the phone. She did not "want to make light of it since I didn't have those experiences myself". Upon revelation of Adrianna's pregnancy in the series, Lowndes said that the fate of the baby was still undecided. The actress also explained that Ty and Adrianna had been together before that night at the hotel, as shown in episode "Wide Awake and Dreaming". To create Adrianna's "rough" look during her drug addiction, Lowndes had to sit through "an hour of intense white makeup on my face and red and gray under my eyes to create broken capillaries". For her character's pregnancy, Lowndes said she couldn't wait to wear a heavy pregnancy belly. The actress said that "by the end of the day my back and feet are killing, so I feel like a real pregnant lady".
Speaking about Adrianna's lesbian relationship with Gia, Lowndes said that it was important that the characters act like any other couple on the series. Lowndes said that "there has been a response from people who have come up to me who have been affected by it. This is truly going on in high school and people are confused and I love that we're showing somebody like my character, who is confused." Lowndes was pleased with the direction of Adrianna's storyline when her character began a music career. Lowndes, who is herself a singer, was able to sing in most the latter episodes of the season. The actress said, "it's so exciting, and all different musical styles, as well. It's awesome that we got a third-season pickup and there's going to be a lot more music in the third season as well. That's what I'm doing when I'm not working on "90210", I'm working on my album. So I love it, it's a dream come true."
Reception.
Actress Lowndes acknowledged that initial response to her character was "a little negative — people loved to hate me, and my haircut". However, she felt that reception became more positive afterward, and recovering addicts told her that she depicted it in a real way. Lowndes thought that people could relate to what she was going through, and that people are "going to like her even more as we go on". Lowndes defended the character's earlier behavior, saying, "I never know what they're going to write, but I think drugs made her who you saw at the beginning. I think she's a good person who has a good heart."
After Adrianna's overdose in the seventh episode, "Hollywood Forever", several critics believed that she had died. Tanya Lane of Poptimal was displeased with the writing of the storyline, citing inconsistencies as the reason. Lane felt that the writers did not address the situation well, and did not like that the storyline picked up with Adrianna "enjoying a luxurious stay at a star-studded rehab", whereas the previous episode had ended with her overdosing. Lane was also critical of Adrianna's relationship with Navid, "apparently Navid has always been in love with her, though I can't recall the two of them having a single conversation in any of the previous episodes [...] Her character is very messy, so I find it rather odd that the writers are tying the loose ends up with a neat little bow."
M.L. House of TV.com praised the writers for slowly building the lesbian romance between Adrianna and Gia. House said, "while most shows are clearly going for a ratings stunt any time girls make out, these two are truly falling for each other. It even seems natural, given Adrianna's shady past with men [...] Bravo!"
Adrianna is often considered by fans and critics alike as the main character of the first season as she had the most developed story arc that lasted the entire season.

</doc>
<doc id="21381008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381008" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1975">
Abruzzo regional election, 1975

The Abruzzo regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Felice Spadaccini was elected President of the Region, but was replaced by partymate Romeo Ricciuti in 1977.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381027" title="Dacian bracelets">
Dacian bracelets

The Dacian bracelets are bracelets associated with the ancient peoples known as the Dacians, a distinct branch of the Thracians. These bracelets were used as ornaments, currency, high rank insignia and votive offerings Their ornamentations consist of many elaborate regionally distinct styles. Bracelets of various types were worn by Dacians, but the most characteristic piece of their jewelry was the large multi-spiral bracelets; engraved with palmettes towards the ends and terminating in the shape of an animal head, usually that of a snake.
Dacians background.
The Dacians lived in a very large territory, stretching from the Balkans to the northern Carpathians and from the Black Sea and the Tyras River (Nistru) to the Tisa plain, and at times as far as the Middle Danube.
Dacian civilization went through several stages of development, from the Thracian stage in the Bronze Age to the Geto-Dacian stage in the classical period that lasted from the 1st century BC to the 1st century AD. The Thracian stage is associated with the emergence of Thracian populations from the fusion of the local Chalcolithic stock with the incoming peoples of the transitional Indo-Europeanization Period. By the time of Bronze Age, and during the transitional period to the Iron Age, the cultures of this Carpathian area may be attributed to proto-Thracian and even Thracian populations—ancestors of the peoples known to Herodotus as the Agathyrsae and the Getae, and to the Romans as the Dacians (by Iron Age II). The culture of these nuclear groups were typified by military aristocracies.
In these early times the most specific motifs of the bracelets are the spiral and the horn, used to provide the warrior with both physical and deistic protection.
The 5th century BC is associated with the Dacian stage of art and it is the time of the La Tène period (Iron Age II) when Dacian culture flourished, especially in Transylvanian citadels. The Dacian art of Iron Age II has all the characteristics of a mixed style, with its roots in the Hallstatt culture (1200–500 BC). It is characterized by an accentuated geometry, a curvilinear style and plant-based motifs. At this time, besides their older local types, Dacians made all kind of bracelets that were common in the Roman Empire. But, there was a constant preference of Dacians for decorating the silver spiral bracelets with animals protome such as snakes and wolves.
The period of time between the 2nd century BC and 1st century AD is termed "Classic Dacian". At this time the Dacians developed the art of silverworking, and a style which may be described specifically as the Dacian style. It consists of older traditional local elements, dating back to Iron Age I, but also of elements of Celtic, Scythian, Thracian, and especially Greek origins. The bracelets of this art-form include silver arm rings, with ends in the shape of stylized heads of animals, and heavy spiral-shaped armlets with gilded ends adorned with palm-leaves, and ending in animal-heads.
The Classic Dacian period ends when parts of the Dacian State were reduced to a Roman province by the Roman Empire under Trajan, partly in order to seize its gold mines. After the Second Dacian War (105–106 AD) Romans claimed they had looted 165,000 tonnes of gold and 300,000 tonnes of silver in a single haul, as estimated by modern historians. The World Gold Council says that "The best estimates available suggest that the total volume of gold ever mined up to the end of 2012 was approximately 174,100 tonnes, of which around 60% has been mined since 1950.- http://www.gold.org/investment/why_and_how/faqs/#q021". So Dacians had more gold in one place only than the entire population of the planet has mined in the last 2000years. This amount seems credible in terms of the Dacian exploitation of precious metals in the Apuseni Mountains along with trade payments and tributes from abroad. Its existence in only one spot (at Sarmizegethusa), suggests that there was a central control of precious metal circulation. According to the majority of historians this sort of monopoly of precious metals, and the Roman's forcible collection of Dacian gold objects, explains the scarcity of archaeological discoveries consisting of golden ornaments for the period between the 3rd century BC and the 1st century AD; however, the existence of the "Treasures of Dacian kings" has been confirmed by the latest archaeological finds of large gold spiral-shaped bracelets from Sarmizegetusa. It seems that the Romans did not find the entire royal treasure.
Bracelets in the transition period North Thracian and proto-Dacian.
Types of bracelets in the Bronze Age and First Iron Age.
Numerous bracelets were made of bronze and gold and many of them have been found in Transylvania, near the sources of the ores used in their manufacture. They include the following types:
Some bronze bracelet types of the Bronze Age (i.e. incised solid bracelets) continue throughout all the Late Bronze Age and Hallstatt phases.
Various bracelets.
Archaeological finds include two gold cylindrical muffs, a characteristic type of the middle and late Bronze Age and widespread throughout Central Europe. Two bronze specimens, both similar to the gold ones, have been discovered at Cehăluţ. The open cuff found at Hinova, and dated to the 12th century BC, is one of the largest gold bracelets of the proto-Dacians found to date. It is made of large gold sheet of 580 grams (1.27 pounds) in weight and decorated with ten buttons fixed into holes, five on each end.
Bracelets from Băleni, Galaţi (Late Romanian Bronze Age, Noua Culture) are particularly interesting because of their geometric décor, bands of right or oblique lines. They all have a green patina ranging from dark green to dull green, bluish green, bluish gloss.
The fragmentary iron bracelet from the cremation cemetery found at Bobda is among the few unequivocally dated iron objects equivalent to Hallstatt A 1–2 in this region.
A bracelet with snake-shape endings had been found at the Hallstattian necropolis in Ferigile (Vâlcea County).
Spălnaca (Hopârta).
The bracelets from Spălnaca (Hopârta) are dated to Bronze Age IV (Iron Age I) and have decorations of geometric characters. Although not directly influenced by the Hallstatt styles, the objects from Spalnaca pre-date the later tendencies for geometric surface decoration of chiseled or engraved lines. Such discoveries at Spalnaca, Guterita and Dipsa show that bronze craftsmanship still flourished in the North Thracians from the Carpathian-Black Sea and Danube areas at the beginning of the Iron Age.
Multi-spiral types.
This type of Dacian bracelet originated in the Bronze Age. The hoard found in 1980 at Hinova includes two such bracelets. Multi-spiral types can be dated to the early Hallstatt periodand comprises also open and closed-end bracelets. One of the spiral bracelets from Hinova weighed 261.55 grams and the other 497.13 grams. The former, made of a thinner and narrower gold leaf, had a decoration consisting of two furrows cut along the edges and separated by a median crest. A similar decoration, of a furrow along the median line, decorates a metal bracelet from the deposit found at Sânnicolau Român, dated to the second period of the Bronze Age.
Finds from Dacia include spiral bracelets made of double gold wire, the largest of which weighed nearly a hundred grams. Gold spiral bracelets of this type have been discovered in Transylvania and Banat, spanning a long period which begins with the very late phase of the Bronze Age and ends with the middle Hallstatt. Similar pieces made of bronze were discovered in the deposit of bronze objects at Sacot-Slatioara.
The multi-spiral bracelet type spans a long period of time that includes all Hallstattian stages.
Spiral motif.
The traditional ornamental motifs of bracelets, the meander and the "whirling" spiral (i.e. Oradea, Firiteaz and Sacosul mare), are thought to follow the spread of a cult of the sun, their decorations suggesting the rotation of the sun on the heavenly vault. This motif is recognized as one of the parallels between the artifact decorations of this North Thracian group and the ornamentations from the Mycenaean Shaft Graves. It is found in both the Aegean and east-central Europe from the Neolithic onwards.
Scholars opinions are divided on the source of these comparable traits. One opinion states that the North Thracian spiral motifs originate from the local Eneolithic (Chalcolithic) antecedents rather than from any imported influence. There are specific forms widespread in northern Thrace that are unlikely inspired by the Mycenaeans. It is also argued that these motifs apparently did not appear in the intervening territory of South Thrace. With North Thracians, the spiral motif appears prominently in the form of massive armguard (armlet) terminals, offering physical as well as apotropaic protection. Hoddinott states that the twin spiral terminals, as on the bowl from Biia, would have been a natural development; either from a local single armlet type or from an Unetice spectacle pendant.
The other opinion attributes the spiral motif to a northward spread of Mycenaean influence. It is argued that the spiral of the Neolithic period disappeared during the transitional period towards the Bronze Age, and even during the Early Bronze Age; therefore, starting from the Middle Bronze Age the spiral would occur because of a Mycenaean sway to the north of the Danube. These comparable features might have been occurred because of commercial relations between the Mycenaeans and Dacians relating to the gold mines of Transylvania.
Spiral ending types.
Sacoşu Mare.
Whatever may have been the origin of the spiral motif, the craftsmen of the late Carpatho-Danubian Bronze Age IV and Hallstatt A had a marked preference for bracelets with a spiral ending, as found at Sacosu Mare. The same décor featuring the coiled disk endings of the single- or double-spiral bracelets is found on contemporary ceramics. There is also a striking resemblance between the gold bracelets from Sacoșu Mare, from Firighiaz (or Firiteaz), and from other locations in Transylvania that suggest a spiritual affinity in the proto-Dacian world.
The hoard from Sacoşu Mare consists of bracelets and jewelry dated to the 13th to 12th centuries BC (Late Bronze Age and Hallstatt I). The golden bracelets, around 74.15 grams (2.6 ounces), have open ends of approximately 6.6 cm (2.6 inches) in diameter. Some terminate with convex volute ends, while others have double convex volute ends. The bracelet's bar is decorated with engraved rows of diamonds flanked by dotted lines.
Firighiaz (Firiteaz).
The finds from Firighiaz (Firiteaz), Timiş County, on left bank of the Lower Mureş River, are representative of the spiral motif bracelets of this period. The Firiteaz's treasure contains twenty-three bracelets made of gold bar, each weighing 0.2 kg (0.44 pounds), and the hoard is housed in the Vienna Museum. Bracelets made of bronze, similar to the Firiteaz ones made of gold, had been found in Transylvanian deposits dated to the Early Iron Age.
The Firighiaz treasure comprises three types of bracelets:
The earliest type one bracelets did not have ornamentations, while the later ones are engraved with groups of lines and angles or group of lines that alternate with lozenges (i.e. those from Sălaj). This type is also common to the sites in: Domanesti (Sălaj County), Tăuteni (Bihor County) and Şpălnaca (Alba County). Bracelets with quadrangular cross-section had previously been made of bronze, such as those at the beginning of the Hallstatt period. The gold ones are numerous, but are mostly of small dimensions; these smaller ones are considered to have been used as currency.
The type two bracelets coil into spiral discs at only one end (terminal). At a later time, between the 8th and 7th centuries BC, they coiled at both terminals similar to the type three bracelets.
The designs in type 3 bracelets, double-coiled (one at each of the two terminals), have also been found in bracelets from Biia (Alba County Romania), Fokoru (Heves, Hungary) and Bilje (Croatia).
Spiral types similar to the Firighiaz type two have been found in a large area of Central and North-Western Europe: Bohemia, North-East Hungary, Moravia, Silesia, Poznan, West Poland, Pomerania, Lithuania, North Galicia, Germany (Bavaria, Wurttemberg, Turing, Mecklenburg) and Romania. Their prototypes may have been provided by the Lusatian Culture. Some scholars believe that these bracelets were a kind of defensive weapon. This view is supported by the fact that this type was found usually on weapons deposits in Germany, and that they appear to have been worn on the upper arm, as the traces of wear indicate.
These locally-made bracelets from Firighiaz (Firiteaz), and from other Transylvanian finds, are half the size of the armlets of the similar style found in Germany and they could not be worn. It seems they were simple ornamental objects, a common trait to many similar items found in Romania. Transylvanian bracelets of this type are described as nearly circular with 57 and 63 mm diameter. Their rods are of a circular cross-section (max. 10 mm thickness) gradually tapering towards the ends, where the cross-section becomes quadrangular and begins to curl in a spiral. The diameter of the spiral discs is 30–35 mm. Each of these discs are made from four spirals.
Acâş and Săcueni.
According to Pârvan (1928), the style of Firighiaz artifacts evolved over a considerable period of time into the later form styles of the Dacian Hallstattian bracelets as found at Săcueni (Bihor County), Pipea (Mureș County) and Biia (Alba County).
Bracelets with double-volute ends like with Firighiaz type two, but with a different style, have been found at Acâş and Săcueni. These are made of lozenge bar with a décor made of relief globule (similar to bracelets found at Saint-Babel) with double-coiled terminals. The gold bracelets from Săcueni, as well as those from Acâş (Satu Mare County) and Hajdúszoboszló (Hungary) are typical Dacian bracelets of the Hallstatt period.
Bronze bracelets of this type had previously been found in deposits belonging to the first Hallstatt period. Their ornamentation and groups of motifs is similar to the Firighiaz (Firiteaz) type. Analogous bracelets had also been found at Oradea. Two bracelets with spiral ends, dated to the Iron Age, have also been found in Dacian tombs of the Lower Danube.
"Horn motif" from Pipea, Biia and Boarta.
Bracelets from Biia and Pipea, found in 19th century, have an unclear chronology. This series comprises a find from Abrud and another from an unknown Transylvanian location. Some archaeologists are reporting them as dating to the Hallstatt, though Márton (1933) dated them to the early La Tene period. Popescu (1956) estimates these can be dated to the Hallstat phase B (1000–800 BC), but no later than C (800–650 BC). whereas Mozsolics (1970) dates them to 1,500 BC. The so-called Biia bracelet was found with the Biia gold "kantharos" that can be dated between 1,500 and 1,000 BC. The handles of this goblet are also coiled into a double-spiral motif similar to other types of bracelets from the Carpathian area (i.e. Firigiaz 3, or Acas-Sacueni).
There, specimens are made of bronze and are prototypes of the Pipea–Biia–Boarta series of bracelets; therefore, scholars agree these bracelets had been made locally, in the Transylvanian goldsmith workshops. This opinion is supported by metal analysis.
These types of bracelets are possibly votive offerings, reminiscent of the cult of the bull. Their common trait is the stylized motif of "horns". All of them have large C-shaped "horns" as terminals. As with the spiral, Hoddinott purports that the east-central European bronzesmiths used this horn symbol to provide the warrior with both physical and deistic protection. In the Aegean Shaft Graves it occurs only on a stele, a gold bowl and three pairs of gold earrings, which Hoddinott considers to be possibly of central European origin. This thematic motif of the Carpathian peoples is confirmed by other archaeological finds from Transylvania that include three large rings weighing between 0.20 kilograms (0.44 pounds) and 0.60 kilograms (1.32 pounds). Their terminals are animal heads facing each other, depicting the heads of horses in two cases and bulls-heads in the third. Eluere (1987) identifies the endings of the Pipea-Biia bracelets with the cultic and religious powerful horns of the bull, and estimates that this myth was perpetuated for centuries.
According to Hoddinott (1989), the horned animal cults that are attested with these horns motifs were brought by the transitional Indo-Europeanization period immigrants who adopted these stylized motifs as their main apotropaic symbol; however, the symbols of the horned animal replaced the local ones but were later associated with the sun-fire symbols of the earlier culture.
The bracelet from Bilje (Croatia) belongs to the same Biia-Pipea type. Hartmann noted that the percentage of silver and tin in the bracelets from Belly (Croatia) and Pipea (Romania) is almost identical. This suggests both bracelets had been made in the same region. According to Marton, the armlets with semi-moon ends are part of an evolutionary series that terminates with the later silver snake-headed bracelets of the Classical Dacian times.
Boarta type.
The bracelet from Boarta (Şeica Mare-Sibiu County) was discovered in 1891 and is dated to 600 BC. It might be an example of the last phases in the evolution of the Biia-Pipea gold artifacts (For the photo of Boarta bracelet see the gallery of links ) A very similar copy of the Boarta type has been found with the treasure from Dalj, Slavonia.
Unlike the Biia-Pipe type bracelets, the Boarta bracelet is flat, band-shaped, and has three raised ribs resembling the body of two other bracelets from Oradea. Its semi moon-shape terminals are smaller than the Biia-Pipea terminals; thus, some scholars derive the type of the Boarta bracelet to be from some earlier bronze bracelets whose ends widen and whose bodies have more ridges.
It seems that some other bracelets found at Bihor, Oradea, Targu Mures and Faget could possibly belong to the Boarta type, and not to the Biia-Pipea type.
Mosna, Sibiu County.
The terminal adornments of this gold bracelet look like animals' heads, but the zoomorphic motif almost disappeared because of the geometric stylization (see picture "Mosna 1" above). It is dated to the Hallstatt period. This is not an isolated item, since it is stylistically connected to the geometric and zoomorphism of a collar and two bracelets from Veliki Gaj (Hungarian Nagygáj, Romanian Gaiu Mare) in Serbia.
Zoomorphic bracelets.
In the past, on the basis of a relatively small selection of archaeological finds, some scholars considered that the art of Geto-Dacians was geometrical and non-iconic. This led to the zoomorphic representations of Dacian bracelets being seen as an expression of the art of the steppes people, and Scythian art in particular. The majority of archaeological finds to date show that the main aspect of Geto-Dacian toreutics is in fact a zoomorphic motif style of its own. This Dacian style of animal art occurs at the time when various ancient historical sources begin to record the Geto-Dacians as an ethnic entity of the larger Thracian family; therefore, this artistic expression might be considered as specific to the Dacian society of the last centuries BC.
Some scholars sustain that the zoomorphic motifs of that particular time do not represent any kind of zoolatry of the Geto-Dacians. These would be iconographic motifs highlighting and multiplying certain attributes of the deities or of the kings.
Ox-headed bracelets (Târgu Mureş, Apoldu de Sus, Vad).
The tendency towards the apotropaic zoomorphism that crystallized at the end of the Iron Age I (i.e. bracelets from Biia, Pipea, Boarta etc.) is clearly manifested with the bracelets possessing ornamented ox heads of the Iron Age II (La Tene) from Târgu Mureş (Mureş County), Apoldu de Sus (Sibiu County), Vad (Braşov County) and one from an unknown Transylvanian find. The bracelet from Apoldu de Sus seems to have an ox head at one terminus and a ram's head at the other end.
The ox-head bracelets have been associated with the clay Hallstatian’s Moon idol, with which they undoubtedly share a similarity.
The wires of these series of bracelets are thick, and decorated with ornamental protrusions. Their characteristic decor consists of relief or incised circles, while there are also those with cuts or incisions that form a fir-tree motif.
A bracelet with ox-heads discovered in the 19th century at Târgu Mureş (see picture) had been dated by some scholars to La Tene. Others such as Popescu (1956) dated this particular one to the last period of the Hallstatt, since it might have been deposited together with a semi-moon type bracelet of that period. As for the technique, it is noted that the bracelet from Targu Mures show a control of three-dimensional modeling, with silver inlays. There are two other bracelets of a similar type in the Transylvania Museum, though they are known to be discovered in Transylvania the original site is unknown.
The religious meaning of the sacred horn had been lost over time, the circlets keeping this shape can only be described as decorative ornamentation. The bracelet found in 1817 at Vad–Fagaras (Brasov County) terminating with horse heads depicted as wearing a bridle, is part of the general trend of bracelets replacing the sacred horn as a motif.
Băiceni bracelets.
In 1959 two bracelets terminating with "horned-horses", were found at Băiceni (Cucuteni). They are dated to the end of the Iron Age I and are found in the context of a hidden treasure of a Dacian nobleman. The treasure comprised 2 kilograms of gold ornaments; a helmet, necklace, appliqués, harness, and buttons for vestments. They were ceremonial ensemble for kings or noblemen and their horses. The bracelets and necklace terminate with protomes of horse heads and exhibit strong Thracian roots.
The heads have also been interpreted as goat-heads (ibex). Each head is very made of embossed gold foil with a filigree composition, and had sun-symbols on the middle of the forehead. They also have what may be seen as ram's- or goats-horns (see picture ""Head 1"" on the right). These Băiceni gold artworks of the 4th century BC are viewed as one of the links transferring the Thracian and North Thracian Art forms and motifs across to the Dacian silversmiths.
Iron Age II (La Tene).
Dacians replaced gold, the popular Transylvanian metal during the Iron Age I period, with silver during Iron Age II. The types of ornaments also changed, perhaps due to new social structures and hierarchy or due to changes of the preferences of the populous and sacerdotal aristocracy.
Dacians absorbed influences from the western Celts and eastern Scythians, but also proved their artistic originality. The bracelet style of the former is more individual, as they synthesized the older local elements originating from the Bronze Age into a new combination adapted to include the contemporary decorative forms and motifs.
Objects specific to warriors (armors, harnesses etc.) became preponderant from the 5th century BC onwards, in contrast to the decorative objects (bracelets, torques and pendants) that predominated in the Bronze Age, and in the transition period leading up to the Iron Age. In the 2nd and 1st centuries BC gold and silver military objects are replaced so that the treasures of the late Dacian La Tene comprise ceremonial ensembles of silver ornaments and clothing accessories, bracelets along with some mastos or footed cup vases .
The geometrical and spiral motif ornamentation of earlier bracelets is more often replaced with zoomorphic and vegetal representations. The decorations of bracelets that have been found, across the whole territory inhabited by Dacians, consist of lines cut into fir-tree shapes, dots, circlets, palmettes, waves, and bead motifs.
Toteşti bracelet.
Various single-spiral bracelets made of solid quadrangular (rhombic) gold bars, whose overlapping ends represent the head of a snake, were found in 1889 at Toteşti in Hunedoara County. The head is geometrically stylized but clearly defined by decorative details. This artifact belongs to the so-called "Classic Dacian" period and described as a "primitive work done by a not skilful hand". It was noted that the snake head is realistically depicted by the representation of the eyes, ears and other elements of the vipera ammodytes that is so commonly found in the area. The same scholars related these gold circlets to the later silver multi-spirals snake protome and palmette bracelets from Vaidei-Romos, Senereuş, Hetur, Marca and Oradea Mare. Other scholars consider that Toteşti snake-headed ornaments should be interpreted on the basis of an abstract contemporary stylistic type, and not as an imitation of reality. In this interpretation Toteşti bracelets are not connected with the snakes from the region of Deva, but they are a tradition that began in Hallstatt times with the "Scythian rings" and continued into the La Tène period.
In the Scythian tombs of Northern Hungary that are related to the Scythian invasions from around 700 BC, as well as in those of central Romania, spiral-shaped rings known as the "Scythian rings" have been found; with one end forming a fantastic animal, such as a dragon or serpent. These apotropaic creatures, themselves Turano-Siberian varieties of old Mesopotamian monsters, might have provided the model for the Dacian protome bracelet from Toteşti—but neither the Scythian animals nor the Greek decorations appear to have had great success in Dacia, since the native geometric style continued to predominate.
Analogies to the Totesti bracelets can be found not only to the multi-spiral bracelets, but also in the overlapping-end bracelets whose ends sometimes terminate with stylized animal heads.
Common Dacian types of the La Tene IB (250–150 BC).
The archaeological findings dated to this period of time comprise the following types:
Bracelets in the "Classical Dacian" period of the Dacian State.
The Dacian silver bracelet is one of the characteristic artworks of this period, and the most representative ornament on them is the snake protome. Dacian bracelets have mainly been thought of as women's adornments but it can not be excluded that some types of bracelets, especially the multi-spirals ones, represented insignia of politico-military and sacerdotal functions and therefore worn by men.
Bracelets became part of the objects that Dacians selected as votive offerings deposited outside settlements. Such offerings have been found in a fountain at Ciolanestii din Deal, Teleorman County, where silver bracelets and vases dated to 2nd or 1st century BC were found, and finds beside a lake in a forest at Contesti, Argeş County, where bracelets, pearls, and a drachma were found.
Types of the La Tene II period (150 BC – 100 AD) include:
Regional finds.
According to Horedt (1973), silver Dacian treasure finds can be typologically categorized into north and south groups, divided by the Târnava River. In the contact zone between them the artifacts are common to both zones. In this classification the silver multi-spiral bracelets that are ornamented with palmettes and snake protomes would belong to the southern group.
East of the Carpathian Mountains.
The Dacian bracelets that have been found East of the Carpathians can be categorized into two main types:
The characteristic metals used for bracelets found in the area of the Siret River valley are bronze and iron, though silver was also probably used; a silver bracelet was found with a treasure of coins buried after 119–122 AD.
In the Prut-Dniester region sub-types have been identified such as:
Moesia Superior.
Dacian bracelets have been found in deposits from Tekija, Bare (Serbia), Veliko Središte and Paraćin.
The style and type of the bracelets from Tekija and Bare are similar to the Dacian silver types; i.e. bracelets made of twisted wire and bracelets with overlapped ends that are coiled around the wire itself. Even though the origins of this type should not necessarily be located in Dacia itself, since bracelets of this type are scattered throughout the entire Balkan-Danube area, the earliest dated bracelets from Tekija and Bare are very large, as were those typical of the Dacian cultural complex. Bracelets with ends shaped as a head of, or tail of, a serpent are well represented in the Dacian deposits that are found at the Bare.
The Dacian bracelets that are decorated with spiral end-pieces, i.e. Belgrad—Guberevac (Leskovac), along with thin Dacian silver necklaces found in East Serbia, characterize the presence of a Dacian La Tene culture at Paraćin in Serbia.
Bracelets with cord ornaments.
An important category of the jewelry in the Daco-Getic environment are bronze bracelets with cord ornaments, whose typology consists of three types held in the Blaj Museum and in Simleul Silvaniei. Such circlets had been discovered at Ardeu, Cuciulata (Brasov), Costesti (Hunedoara), Ocnita (Valcea), Pecica (Arad), Simleul Silvaniei (Sălaj), Tilisca (Sibiu) and in the Orăstie Mountains. These ornaments do not seem to be specific to pre-Roman Dacia, as they were widely spread in contemporary Germany, Poland, Czech, Slovakia, Hungary and Slovenia—all during the La Tene period. Since their diameter is around 10 cm, apart from those found in Simleul Silvaniei and Orăstie which are 6 cm and 7.5 cm, they were probably worn on the arm or as anklets. They have been found mainly in fortresses or important centers of pre-Roman Dacia, and appear to have been prestige items of the local aristocracy.
Bracelets with a double torsade.
This type have been found with treasures from Cerbăl (Hunedoara County), Bistrita (Bistriţa-Năsăud County), Drăgeşti (Bihor County), Oradea-Sere (Bihor County), Saracsău (Alba County), and Tilişca (Sibiu County). The bracelets are made of wire turned two or three times to form a semicircular terminal. The three-turns style is seen only with a single bracelet from Cerbăl. These terminals are always decorated with stamped-dotted lines and are dated to the 1st century BC.
This type was designed and preferred by the intra-Carpathian regions. Only one presence occurs in the Danube area, at Iron Gates. Since this bracelet appears to have been a prestige ornament, its presence south of the Carpathians is seen as a component of the relationships between the elites of the two neighboring regions.
The material of bracelets.
In the Bronze Age IV and Hallstatt periods Dacia was characterized by gold treasures and by a particular gold art, whereas archaeological finds dated to the La Tene period are mostly made of silver. This is a common characteristic of the Illyrian and Eastern Alps regions of the time, and not limited to the Dacian area. Some scholars, such as Glodariu, explain the scarcity of gold ornaments and bracelets in Dacian treasures by a custom of the Dacians, Celts, Germans and Romans in reserving golden ornaments for the king alone. Other scholars, such as Florescu, put forth the hypothesis of religious restrictions regarding the use of gold in the period of the Dacian state.
The golden Dacian bracelets, and indeed most of the jewelry, that has been found so far are made of unrefined gold from the Apuseni Mountains.
The silver of the Dacian bracelets and other ornaments of the time always contain between 0.63 and 6.35% gold. In some scholars opinions, such as Oberländer-Târnoveanu, it was obtained by melting Greek and Roman coins as well as importing from Balkan sources. Others, Popescu for example, support the thesis of a local extraction of silver from the Apuseni Mountains.
The work and typology of the silver multi-spirals snake-headed bracelets suggests the existence of a large manufacturing center, located most probably near the Dacian cites of the Orastie Mountains. From there silver artifacts spread throughout the entire area of modern-day Transylvania; and, as archaeological finds prove, these art works become later known in areas that encompass the modern regions of Moldavia, Muntenia and Oltenia.
In the second phase of La Tène, reasoned on the basis of finds, Dacia appears to have experienced a temporary "silver crisis", probably related to an increase in the minting of silver denarii; therefore, bracelets dated to that time had been made of mild alloy and only plated with a silver layer about 0.1 mm (0.004 inch) thick. The layer was so well welded that the welding can not be identified by the naked eye, even in cross sections. Specimens of the group include finds from Sarmasag (Salaj County) and Dersca (Botosani County). There were also similar finds at Slimnic (Sibiu County) and Herastrau Bucuresti.
Representations depicting the wearing of Dacian bracelets.
The Dacian phalera from Lupu-Cergău, Alba County, depicts a feminine divinity wearing some circlets on her arms. Some scholars identified these with a representation of the Dacian bracelet types.
In 1820 at Cioara (today Săliştea) a fragmentary gilded silver plaque was discovered, dated to La Tène III, and primitively decorated "au repousse" ("by embossing"), with representations of two human characters, probably warriors. Hatched bands are visible on the arms and wrists that resemble regular bracelets. Even though the motifs of the plaque do not seem to be local, since it differs in some respects from those depicted on Trajan's Column, the silver-work itself seems to be Dacian. Other than the Dacians, no-one was working in this style at that time. The silversmith who made it is probably the same one who made the well known Dacian snake-headed bracelets from Hunedoara County.
A fragment from the Forum of Roman Emperor Trajan (2nd century AD) in Rome has a relief of a seated female, probably a Dacian ("Dacia Capta" – "the conquered Dacia"). She is depicted wearing a bracelet on each arm below the shoulder.
Bracelets with a snake-motif.
This motif is found with both the multi-spiral bracelets and also with the simple bracelets.
Description of the silver multi-spiral bracelets with palmettes and protomes at both terminals.
There are about 27 known Dacian silver or silver-gilt multi-spiral bracelets terminating with rectangular plaques and snake head protomes. They are exhibited or kept in repositories and museums in Bucharest (Romania), Budapest (Hungary) and Belgrade (Serbia). Additionally the Kunsthistorisches Museum holds Dacian silver bracelets such as the one found at Orastie (Hunedoara County) and the one from Feldioara (Brasov County).
All of these silver works are characterized by their large size. For example, the one found at Senereuş, now in the Brukenthal Museum weights aropund 0.4 kilograms (0.88 pounds). The wire used is 206 cm (6 feet 9 inches) long and 0.4 cm (0.157 inches) thick, while the heads are 21 cm each (8.26 inches). The inside diameter of the coils is 12.5 cm (4.92 inches) with an outside diameter of 13.3 cm (5.2 inches). These large diameters and the heavy weight of these armlets would suggest wearing them on the upper arm or on the leg. The coils of the specimen from Cluj Napoca have an even bigger outside diameter at 16 cm (6.3 inches); therefore, it is supposed that it was worn on the thigh or forearm over clothes
The specimen from the Transylvanian Museum at Cluj weighs 0.358 kilograms (0.79 pounds). It has been made by hammering a silver bar of a circular cross-section. It has 4 spirals and the ends are flattened, decorated with seven palmettes made by punching. The surfaces of the palmettes, and their extremities, are decorated with the "fir-tree" motif and incised circles.
The multi-spiral from Belgrad Museum has an interesting particularity in that the impression of the palmette motif has two puncheons of different dimensions. This might have been done in order to avoid the stereotypy of models.
Origins.
Snakes are depicted in Dacian toreutics from the 6th and 5th centuries BC, and also in the later period. Both types of bracelets with snake protomes, those of simple and multiple spirals, show an ancient Thracian tradition from the Hallstatt period (the Geto-Thracian period) of Geto-Dacian art evolution. Snake-shaped bracelets, and other ornaments of the same kind, speak not only of the spread of the decorative motif but also of a symbol and significance of this motif in the Dacian period.
Some scholars suppose that the Scythians provided the model of the snake décor found in the Classical Dacian bracelets, on the basis that the semi-spiraled Scythian snake type rings, were common in Dacia after the Hallstatt period. Those rings might have been continuously used until the La Tène period, or perhaps until the Roman era, as can be seen with a necropolis from Caşolţ, Sibiu County. If this was the case, Shchukin suggests it was a matter of transferred ideas rather than of imports.
These bracelets types can be explained by the typology of the local tradition of the Hallstattian period; and there were similar bracelets in the Thracian world of today's Romania and Bulgaria. Such examples include a mid-3rd-century BC spiral dragon-headed ring; a spiral snake-headed ring from Nesebar (Messembria); 4th century BC spiraled bracelets from Aitos; and a 3rd-century BC snake-headed ring of unknown origin in the British Museum.
The manufacture of the spirals, by wrapping the silver wire several times, belongs to the traditions of the Bronze Age; but those with their ends flattened, and decorated on the outside with intaglio palmettes, belong to a more modern style according to Popescu. The way in which these dragon patterned bracelets were developed by the Dacians was new, while its resemblance to the workmanship and style of other countries are so few, that these bracelets might very well be considered as specifically Dacian. It can be distinguished as a Dacian style since they remained faithful to their own geometric representations, and the palmette motif is not found in the neighboring areas.
The dragon and snake-head motif.
Within the multi-spiral group of bracelets with palmette scales, two sub-groups can be stylistically identified – one represented by the Feldioara find and the other by the Orastie find. These sub-groups show that the snake and dragon types were not absolutely immutable in the imagination of the Dacian silversmiths. Two variants were introduced: mammal head – snake head and crest – mane, as well as some transitional versions.
The bracelet discovered around 1856 at Orăștie consists of a single silver wire, with a circular cross-section, coiled into eight equal spirals terminating in a dragon head at both ends. It is analogous to the bracelet from Feldioara but its head is different in that the head is almost triangular. It has been made in a richer figurative manner than others.
The multi-spiral bracelet with zoomorphic (snake?) ends, found in 1859 with a treasure from Feldioara, is different because of the widened muzzle of the protome terminals. In the middle of the snake head the Dacian silversmith engraved braids, by the use of puncheons, consisting of two rows of small, oblique, divergent traits. The snake's eyes are depicted as two circles. A strong profile separates the head from a relatively rectangular plaque with rounded corners, and slightly arched edges representing the mane of the Dacian dragon. The profiled relief edges of the bracelet's rectangular plaque and its decoration with two rows of divergent slashes are suggestive of the mane of a dragon or wolf.
The bracelets from the Museum of Transylvania found in Cluj, Hetiur (Mureș County) and Ghelința are characterized by a more trenchant cutting and a more prominent relief for modeling the head. These traits are unlikely to represent a specific ophidian form and the longitudinal axis is marked by a stylistically different means.
The zoomorphic motif of the bracelets depicts a fantastic animal with the head and body of a serpent but the muzzle of a mammal, pointed or square, with a thick mane flowing on its back prolonged by a poly-lobed (multiple palmettes) body. The analysis of these Dacian symbols, performed by scholars—such as Florescu (1979), Parvan (1926), and Bichir (1984)—conclude that the symbol of the snake or dragon appears on the Geto-Dacian La Tene bracelets and on the Dacian standard (flag) that can be seen on Trajan's Column. The Dacians dragon probably combines two meanings: the agility and redoubtable ferocity of the wolf with the protective role of the snake. It was supposed to encourage the Getae and to scare their enemies. It also appeared to have been the only one known representation of the religious character of the Dacians of the time. Scholastic interpretations vary between considering this a representation of a "flying dragon", related to a Sky God, or a chthonic symbol.
Some bracelets from south of the Carpathians, such as those from Coada Malului, Bălăneşti and Rociu; and some from north of the Carpathians such as those from Dârlos and Vaidei (Romos)) do not have decorative elements to mark the median line on the rectangular plaque (the wider and flat portion coming next to the head). They instead have wavy lines, finely engraved, suggesting a mane or ridge. A similar style is seen in specimens from Senereuş, Dupuş (Sibiu County) and from the unknown Transylvanian site, the fragment of which is kept at the Budapest Museum. On the latter, the beam of wavy lines has been replaced by horizontal, short and dense, finely engraved lines.
The rectangular portion of the bracelets from Bălăneşti and Transylvania show a tendency to split into two teardrop-shaped lobes. On the subgroup of bracelets from Coada Malului, the fir-tree is depicted only schematically.
It was also noted that the snakes from the Agighiol artifacts of the 4th century BC, especially the depicted heads of snakes, have a stylization similar to that of the Dacian bracelet protomes; they have the same triangular form, and the same distribution of the decorations that mark the eye of the snake.
The leaf motifs of the multi-spiral bracelets.
The flattened bands of the bracelets are decorated externally with a chain of geometrized palmettes that have been struck in much the same way as coins. It seems that the leaf-like ornaments have been made by impression, using ready-made moulds, as used in the manufacture of Dacian cups from the La Tène Crasani (com. Balaciu) site. Scholars, such as Popescu, related the chain of successive palmettes of the Dacian bracelets to the decoration of the borders on the Scythian Melgunov dagger sheath from the 6th century BC. Others consider that several multi-spiral bracelets, i.e. from Balanesti (Olt), have the same palmette motif as the typical decorations of the 4th-century BC Thracian-Getic helmet from Agighiol (com. Valea Nucarilor), Tulcea. In the opinion of Berciu, the palmette motif was adopted from the Greeks of the Black Sea coast during the Geto-Thracian Art period.
Dacian bracelets exhibit four decorative types of leaf-like triangular lobes: first is the most complex is of oval or triangular palmettes; the second is interpreted as representing fern leaves (e.g. the Orastie bracelet); the third is the fir-tree motif, where the rounded lobes become straight lines resembling a fir-tree branch; and the fourth whose shape preserves only the medial vein and the circles, suggesting the spiral arching of the lobes (e.g. the Feldioara bracelet).
The palmettes are more precisely outlined and more faithfully preserve the original lobes and palmette character, with several bracelets such as those from the Cluj Museum, Hetiur and Ghelinta. They are farthest away from a schematic fir-tree motif. A stylized ivy leaf-like style is common to the group of bracelets from Coada Malului, Rociu and Bălăneşti (Arges County), and Dupuş. It is formed using carved lines doubled with a fine series of dots.
The same motif seen in other ornaments.
The decorative snake style has been adopted in other types of ornaments, such as earrings from Răcătău and spiral rings from Sprâncenata and Popeşti-Novaci.
The silver ring from Măgura, Teleorman has four-and-a-half multi-spirals with snake-head terminals and a chain of five palmettes. It belongs to a small silver treasure—comprising three denarii that could be dated between 148–106 BC, and one ornament (the ring) —fortuitously discovered in 2005 and 2006 in a spot 330 m from Măgura village. The ring is considered by some, e.g. Mirea (2009), to be a miniaturized representation of the typical multi-spiral bracelets terminating with palmettes and snake protomes. There are particular analogies with the bracelets from Bălăneşti–Olt and Rociu–Argeş; as well as analogies with the spiral rings from Sprâncenata and Popeşti. The decorations are similar to a motif of the gold multi-spiral bracelets discovered in 1999–2001 at Sarmizegetusa Regia.
Significance and archaeology of the silver multi-spiral bracelets with palmettes and protomes.
The multi-spiral bracelets made of plates with zoomorphic extremities, all of them made of silver and sometimes gilded, are characteristic of the north-Danubian Dacian elite, in particular ones from Transylvania. Also, according to Medelet (1976), one Dacian silver bracelet from Malak Porovets (Isperih Municipality Bulgaria) and one Dacian silver bracelet from Velika Vrbica (Serbia), belong to the same typology. Some of this type of bracelets, such as the one in the Cluj-Napoca Transilvanias History Museum and the two others in the National Museum Budapest (Hungary), are from unknown Transylvanian sites.
It is possible the big silver multi-spirals were used with clothes worn for special celebrations, though they do not seem to have a simply decorative use. The context of burying these prestige aristocratic insignia suggests that the treasures they compound were rather votive deposits than funeral offerings (cenotaph?).
The silver snake-headed multi-spiral bracelets are found in the context of the so-called Dacian silver treasures. A significant fact regarding these treasures is the specificity of the time frame, from around 125 BC – 25 AD (one century). In historical terms, they are contemporary to the reigns of Burebista, Deceneus and Comosicus. It is probable that the hoards of silver bracelets and ornaments of the late Geto-Dacian began to be produced just prior to the reign of Burebista, a possible example being the one from Sâncrăieni. The manufacturing of silver ornaments continued during his reign, although to a lesser extent (perhaps due to his authoritarian, despotic and purist nature), and mostly after his suppression of the manufacture (44 BC – 46 AD); therefore the silver hoard production lasted almost a century. The burying of these Dacian silver jewelry items and bracelets (those made between 44 BC and 46 AD) occurred in the same period of time that was characterized by a scarcity of silver due to the turbulent situation in Dacia.
This particular type of design has a unitary typology and a highly standardized character. It does not contain goods that had been accumulated over years, but only sets of certain objects. Also, they have not been found in the context of settlements but outside them, on carefully prepared deposits. These objects had not been temporarily concealed or hidden, because of some exposure to dangerous situations, but they were rather supposed to preserve the symbolic attributes of the social status in the afterlife.
Several Dacian bracelets reached the collections of the Kunsthistorisches Vienna Museum through various channels: administrative, auctions, purchases, and donations. Though they were found in Transylvania, and belong to the similar archaeological context of the other Dacian silver treasures, they are rather accidental discoveries from the west and south of the Transylvanian plateau—both in the areas of the greatest concentration of Dacian culture in the Orăştie and Apuseni Mountains, where precious metal mineral deposits were, and are, to be found.
Gold multi-spiraled dragon-headed and animal protome bracelets.
Gold artifacts in general, and gold bracelets in particular, have been scarce archaeological finds during excavations. An explanation could be that the Romans collected all gold objects by force after conquering Dacia. Some, including Manaila, explained the scarcity of these kinds of archaeological finds as due to Dacian religious reasons, all gold being collected by the priests and given to the Dacian king. Numerous researchers, including Rustoiu, argued the existence of a royal monopoly of the gold and silver exploitation in Dacia; and that after the Roman conquest, this monopoly passed to the Roman Emperor.
Description.
These gold bracelets, adorned with leaves and snake heads, weigh around 2.2 pounds (1 kilogram) each. There are remarkable analogies between the gold armlets and those made of silver from Coada Malului (Prahova County), Senereuş (Hunedoara County), Orăştie (Hunedoara County) and Herăstrău-Bucureşti. Most of them exhibit similar design and artistic themes, but there are no two identical bracelets.
The decorations on these bracelets is similar to the style of the ring from Magura (Teleorman County).
One such bracelet recovered in 2007 has both terminals depicting a stylized animal head, which represents a snake with a long muzzle, and is decorated with arched lines. The rectangular plaque's surface is decorated with transverse rows of arched incisions, grouped in four and a half metopes. The body is composed of seven palmettes, consisting of a fir tree-shape, and a dotted line in the middle, while the terminals oppose each other.
The number of spirals varies from six to eight. When uncoiled, some bracelets measure 2.30 m and others 2.80 m. The outside diameters range from 91 to 123 mm. The spirals consist of flat rectangular strips with richly incised decorations and stylized palmettes. In most of them, seven palmettes decorate both ends of the bracelets. The bracelets terminate with a decorative protoma, a beast-head motif which looks like the head of an animal (a wolf, a snake or a dog). The goldsmith technique, used for manufacturing all of these gold armlets, was the cold hammering of a rectangular-shaped gold ingot, followed by punching and engraving for their decorations. This was a typical method used by Dacians from the 4th century BC to 1st century AD.
A bracelet recovered in 2009 has ten spirals. The terminals depict a stylized snake protome. The long muzzle is straight cut and the eyes and eyebrows are represented by curved lines. The head continues onto a rectangular plaque of 3.4 cm in length whose relief edges are decorated with incised oblique lines in a "V" shape, separated by a medial line. This is followed by a series of six triangular-oval palmettes, made by three puncheons, and with a length of 14.3 cm. The first puncheon made the first two palmettes, the second made the next two palmettes, and the third was used for the last—which is also the smallest palmette. The palmettes have a foliage design and their edges are raised and decorated with small incised oblique lines.
Context.
Some two dozen of the gold multi-spiral zoomorphic-headed bracelets were discovered by archaeological looting in different spots in the area of Sarmisegetusa Regia, in the Orăștie Mountains. By 2011, twelve out of the twenty-four looted gold bracelets had been recovered and are housed at the Romanian National History Museum in Bucharest.
An archaeological context has been reconstituted on the basis of a forensic science approach, technical description, and archaeological interpretation. The multi-spiral bracelets had been uncovered from pits near to the "Sacred area" of the Dacian capital at Sarmizegetusa Regia (Hunedoara County), around 600 m from the sacred enclosure. The pits are located on the steep rocky slopes outside the ancient settlements, in a narrow valley. The bracelets site is located on a very steep and rocky area that involves a difficult climb and hinders "classical" archaeological approaches and research.
The treasure hunters discovered a spot where they found ten golden bracelets in a pit dug into natural rock on a 70° slope. The pit had two distinct overlapped cavities of triangular shape made of slabs, one containing six gold multi-spiral bracelets and the other four, that had each been deposited in pairs; the smaller bracelets were inserted into the larger ones. The finding of bracelets on such steep sloping cliffs, and at the outer limits (eastern) of the settlements, provides a new perspective regarding the ancient sites used for depositing artifacts with special religious significance. These deposits are composed of the same type of ornaments that have identical function and significance.
The general circumstances of the placement of these bracelets, deposited by the ancient populous, in these specially constructed pits and covered with uncut slabs imply that these artifacts were components of votive offerings. It seems as if these bracelets were used during initiations, or occult ceremonies, restricted to a certain category of people that had very important positions in the state: the king; the leaders of cities; the nobles from the royal entourage; and the priests. This explains the existence of similar pieces made of silver for the leading nobles and rulers of the cities, and the lack of similar specimens made of bronze, iron or other metals. It also explains why these types of bracelet do not appear in written sources, nor the figurative representations of the time.
Chronology and authentication.
Based on typological analogy and stylistic analysis, historians believe that these bracelets are authentic Dacian artifacts. Some chronological evidence is provided by dark blotches that indicate a long period of time underground, and also by the ancient coins that were found along with bracelets. These coins point to the late 2nd century BC and the first decades of the 1st century BC. It appears that the bracelets were buried, if not necessarily crafted, during a time frame between 100 – 70 BC.
The chronology of these bracelets corresponds to the emergence of the building of religious sanctuaries, digging and arranging pits with a religious purpose where deposits of offerings to the chthonian gods had been made.
In 2007 a compositional analysis of these gold objects was performed using a non-destructive method, particle-induced X-ray emission (micro-PIXE measurements) and synchrotron X-Ray fluorescence (SR-XRF) analysis. More studies were performed in 2008 and 2009 by a team consisting of members from the National Institute for Nuclear Physics and Engineering, Romania, the National History Museum of Romania, and the BAM Federal Institute for Materials Research and Testing, Germany. Researchers compared the gold composition, examining the trace platinum group elements, Tin, Tellurium, Antimony, Mercury, and Lead and comparing them with the corresponding elements of natural gold from Transylvania. This was done since these trace-elements are more significant for provenancing archaeological metallic-artifacts than the main element components. For these studies, several small fragments of natural Transylvanian gold – placer and primary – were analyzed using: the micro-PIXE technique at the Legnaro National Laboratory AN2000 micro-beam facility, Italy, and at the AGLAE accelerator, C2RMF, Paris, France; and by using micro-synchrotron radiation X-ray fluorescence (micro-SR-XRF) at the BESSY synchrotron, Berlin, Germany. The studies of the teams concluded that the gold multi-spiral bracelets found between 1999–2001 at Sarmizegethusa had been made of native Transylvanian gold and not refined gold.
Because of the adverse conditions surrounding the hoard's discovery, their origins may never be authenticated to the full satisfaction of archaeologists and scientists. Sceptics suggest that the bracelets could have been produced in modern times from metal obtained by melting ancient gold coins, Dacian coins of the KOSON type or Greek Lysimachus coins; however, the analyses performed so far do not confirm the use of gold from these coins in the bracelets' manufacture.
It is most likely that no other group of ancient goldwork has been more thoroughly examined by scientists, technologists and scholars in various countries and various institutions than the Dacian gold spirals with dragon terminals found between 1999–2001 at Sarmizegethusa. In each case-study, and completely independent from each other, their examinations led to the same conclusion.
Gallery / External links to bracelets and other ornaments mentioned in the article.
Dacians' bracelets

</doc>
<doc id="21381032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381032" title="Eugene Tobin">
Eugene Tobin

Flying Officer Eugene Quimby "Red" Tobin (4 January 1917 – 7 September 1941) was an American pilot who flew with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain in World War II. He was one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star.
Early life.
Born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Ignatius Quimby Tobin and Mary Alicia Tobin (née O'Fallon). Tobin initially came to Europe to fight on the side of Finland against the Soviet Union's invasion of that country, but hostilities had ceased before he arrived. He was already a qualified pilot, having learned to fly in the 1930s.
Tobin and Andrew Mamedoff had been flying friends at Mines Field in California before the war.
Second World War.
He joined the French Air Force towards the end of the Battle of France, but as France fell he came to England with his friends and fellow Americans Andrew Mamedoff and Vernon Keogh and joined the Royal Air Force in 1940.
On 8 August 1940 Tobin was posted to No. 609 Squadron RAF at Middle Wallop airfield. He flew his first mission on 16 August 1940. He flew many missions during the height of the Battle of Britain in August and September. He was credited with two shared 'kills' – an Me110 on 25 August and a Do17 on 15 September.
He was posted to RAF Kirton in Lindsey in Lincolnshire on 18 September 1940 and was a founding member of the No. 71 'Eagle' Squadron along with Art Donahue, Andrew Mamedoff and Vernon Keogh.
Death.
On 7 September 1941, Tobin was killed in combat with Me109's of JG 26 on 71 Squadron's first sweep over northern France, one of three Spitfires shot down. He crashed into a hillside near Boulogne-sur-Mer and was buried in Boulogne Eastern Cemetery, France. He was 24 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="21381041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381041" title="Norman Wainwright">
Norman Wainwright

Norman Wainwright (4 July 1914 – 2 May 2000) was an English freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics, in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Stoke-on-Trent.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the first round of the 400 metre freestyle event.
Four years later he was a member of the British team which finished sixth with the British team in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay competition at the 1936 Games. In the 1500 metre freestyle contest he was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 400 metre freestyle event he was eliminated in the first round.
His last Olympic appearance was in 1948 when he competed with the British team in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay competition which did not advance to the final.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the English team which won the silver medal in the 4×200 yards freestyle contest. He also won a silver medal in the 440 yards event and a bronze medal in the 1500 yards competition. Four years later at the Empire Games in Sydney he was part of the English team which won the gold medal in the 4×220 yards freestyle event. In Sydney he also won a bronze medal in the 1650 yards event and participated in the 110 yards backstroke competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21381053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381053" title="John Patrick Carroll">
John Patrick Carroll

John Patrick Carroll (Dubuque, Iowa, 22 February 1864 – Switzerland, 2 November 1925) was an American Catholic priest, who became the second Bishop of Helena, Montana, U.S.A. He was ordained a priest on 7 July 1889 and was consecrated the second Bishop of Helena on 21 December 1904.
Legacy.
The diocesan college, Carroll College, is named for Bishop Carroll. He simultaneously built St. Helena's Cathedral and started Carroll College during the first decade of the 20th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="21381068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381068" title="George Moore (judge)">
George Moore (judge)

George H. Moore (January 20, 1878, La Grange, Missouri - November 5, 1962) was a Missouri attorney and United States federal judge.
Moore received an LL.B from Missouri State University in 1901 and an LL.M. from that institution the following year. He was in private practice in St. Louis, Missouri from 1902–35, also working as a U.S. Collector of Internal Revenue from 1914-1922.
Moore was nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on May 20, 1935 to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri vacated by Charles B. Faris. Moore was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 28, 1935, and received his commission the following day. He served as chief judge of the court from 1948–59, and assumed senior status on January 19, 1962. He continued to serve as a senior judge until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="21381076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381076" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1980">
Abruzzo regional election, 1980

The Abruzzo regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election Romeo Ricciuti, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a new regional government, but as soon as in 1981, he was replaced by Anna Nenna D'Antonio and later, since 1983, by Felice Spadaccini.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381078" title="Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science">
Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science

The Chester F. Carlson Center for Imaging Science (CIS) is the Rochester Institute of Technology's (RIT) research and education center for imaging.

</doc>
<doc id="21381088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381088" title="Looking for Eric">
Looking for Eric

Looking for Eric is a 2009 French/Belgian/British/Spanish film about the escape from the trials of modern life that football and its heroes can bring for its fans. It was written by screen writer Paul Laverty and directed by the English director Ken Loach. The film's cast includes the former professional footballer Eric Cantona and the former bass guitarist with The Fall, Steve Evets.
Loach said of the film, "We wanted to deflate the idea of celebrities as more than human. And we wanted to make a film that was enjoying the idea of what you and I would call solidarity, but what others would call support for your friends really, and the old idea that we are stronger as a team than we are as individuals."
Plot.
Eric Bishop is a football fanatic postman whose life is descending into crisis. Looking after his granddaughter is bringing him into contact with his ex-wife, Lily, whom he abandoned after the birth of their daughter. At the same time, his stepson Ryan is hiding a gun under the floorboards of his bedroom for a violent drugs baron. At his lowest moments Bishop considers suicide. But after a short meditation session with fellow postmen in his living room, and smoking cannabis stolen from his stepson, hallucinations bring forth his footballing hero, the famously philosophical Eric Cantona, who gives him advice. His relationship with Lily improves dramatically. Bishop finds the gun and confronts his stepson. Ryan admits to his involvement with the drugs gang, and Bishop attempts to return the gun to the gangster. He is forced to keep it himself, however, when a Rottweiler is set on him in his car. The gangster then posts footage on YouTube of Bishop's humiliation. The entire family is then arrested by the police on a tip-off but they fail to find the gun. Eric Cantona then advises Bishop to seek help from his friends and to 'surprise' himself. Bishop organises 'Operation Cantona', sneaking dozens of fellow Manchester United fans – wearing Cantona masks – into the gangster's house and humiliating him and his family, threatening to put the video of their operation onto YouTube, in turn. The film ends at Bishop's daughter's graduation day, where the family re-unites in peace.
Production.
The film was shot on location in Greater Manchester by Loach's company Sixteen Films.
Release.
The film competed in the main competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival. It had its UK premiere on 1 June in Lowry Outlet Mall in Salford Quays, attended by Eric Cantona, and was the gala presentation at the opening night of the Sydney Film Festival on 3 June.
The film was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 12 June. The film was scheduled to be shown at the Melbourne International Film Festival, but five days before opening night Loach withdrew it because the film festival was "in receipt of financial support from the State of Israel".
Cast.
The songwriter and Manchester United fan Pete Boyle appears in the film as the songleader on the coach.
Screenplay.
The book for "Looking For Eric" is published by Route Publishing. It includes the full screenplay, extra scenes, colour photographs from the film and on set, and introductions from Paul Laverty, Ken Loach, Eric Cantona and production notes from the cast and crew.
Reception.
In December 2011, "Looking for Eric" had a rating of 84% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The film won the Magritte Award for Best Co-Production.

</doc>
<doc id="21381092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381092" title="George Lyons">
George Lyons

George Lyons is an author and professor of New Testament studies at Northwest Nazarene University. Dr. Lyons began teaching at Olivet Nazarene University in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21381100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381100" title="Tamgha-i-Khidmat">
Tamgha-i-Khidmat

Tamgha-i-Khidmat or Tamgha-e-Khidmat(), which translates as the medal of services, is 7th highest honour given by the Government of Pakistan to both the military and civilians.
List of recipients.
Pakistan Air Force.
Flt-Lt(H) Faiz Ahmed Solehria TK-1 and TK-2,
Flt Lt (H) Muhammad Riaz TK-1 14 August 2008,Flt Lt (H) Shamsul Arifeen,
Flt Lt (H) Mukhtar Ahmed TK-1 1980
Flt Lt (H) Muhammad Ashiq Javed TK-I and TK-II 14 August 2011,2010
Flt Lt (H) Ch Allah Ditta (Late) TK-I and TK-II
Chitral Scouts.
((Captain (H) Momin Ul Mulk TK-1 in 1967

</doc>
<doc id="21381103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381103" title="Jonathan Woodner">
Jonathan Woodner

Jonathan Woodner (April 8, 1944 - April 24, 1988) was an American Real Estate Developer and road racing driver. He was the son of Ian Woodner (1903-1990) and Ruth Lyon Woodner of Westport, Connecticut. Jonathan Woodner, who was born in Manhattan, ran the company's Washington interests and was president of the Ian Woodner Family Art Collection Foundation.
On Sunday, April 24, 1988, Jon Woodner took his little "toy plane", a Formula One Shoestring, out for a flight. He had been a licensed pilot for 20 years, but had only flown that racing plane a few times. An aerial search located the wreckage two miles from the Montgomery County (Maryland) Airpark on Monday. Cause of the accident was not determined, but the police said the tiny plane went straight down with heavy impact.
Racing career.
Mr. Woodner competed in 12 to 15 rally road races annually in Europe. He won the 1972 SCCA National Championship in an MG Midget. He was involved in car racing before joining his father's real estate company, the Jonathan Woodner Company, in 1974. His father, Ian, had named the Manhattan-based company after his son. The Jonathan Woodner Company is still operating today and is held by Jonathan's sisters, Diane and Andrea.
Real Estate Career.
The Woodner Apartments, completed in 1951 in Washington, DC with over 1,000 units, is named after Mr. Woodner. The Woodner Apartments is DC's largest single-structure apartment building, and was the largest air-conditioned building in the world when it debuted in 1952.
The Woodner Cup.
The Woodner Cup, awarded annually since 1989, is named in honor of former rallyist Jon Woodner who was killed in an experimental aircraft accident. After rallying became dominated by 4WD cars in the '80s, Woodner's skillful driving and capable rally car proved tnat 2WD could still pose a serious competitive threat. Bryan continues to prove that it takes more than 4WD for a strong finish in a rally.

</doc>
<doc id="21381126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381126" title="Samuel M. Axford">
Samuel M. Axford

Samuel M. Axford was a Michigan politician.
Early life.
Axford lived in his youth in Oakland County. He attended the University of Michigan for medical education. In 1858, he moved from Detroit to Flint. He built Axford House as a joint residence and hospital.
Political life.
He was elected as the eleventh mayor of the Village of Flint in 1868 serving a single 1-year term.
Axford died in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="21381137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381137" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1985">
Abruzzo regional election, 1985

The Abruzzo regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Emilio Mattucci formed a centre-left government.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381140" title="Christine Gilbert">
Christine Gilbert

Christine Gilbert CBE was the Head of Ofsted (HMCI) also known as Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Education, Children’s Services and Skills between October 2006 and 30 June 2011.
Early life.
Gilbert (née McGinty) came from an Irish Catholic working-class family and went to a convent school in London. She studied English and History at the University of Reading.
Career.
Gilbert trained as a history teacher, "and I couldn't get over the fact that there were children of 14 or 15 in front of me who couldn't read," so took an Open University reading diploma to learn what she should do. At the age of 32, she became head of Whitmore High School, and then promoted to Director of Education for the London Borough of Harrow. She became head of Tower Hamlets Education Services in 1997 where those gaining General Certificate of Secondary Education or equivalent at good grades (A*-C) was raised to 56% from 26% in under a decade. Later she became Chief Executive of Tower Hamlets.
Ofsted.
Gilbert became HM Chief Inspector on 1 October 2006, replacing Maurice Smith. One of her key briefs was to oversee the expansion of Ofsted's remit from April 2007 to include the inspection of children's social services, adult learning and aspects of court administration, as this relates to children. Gilbert states that her aim is that schools not be "satisfactory", that all should aspire to be "good". She is associated with "personalised learning" and aims to include "the child in the corner who isn't following".
She focused on free school meals as a factor that is an indicator of a poverty-group (incomes far below official levels of poverty are required to claim free meals). In 2000–01, there was a simple relationship of the higher the proportion of free school meals, the lower the chances of being rated good or better, and conversely the higher of being just satisfactory or worse.
Miriam Rosen, Gilbert’s successor, wrote in The Annual Report of Her Majesty’s Chief Inspector of Education, Children’s Services and Skills 2010/11 "In concluding this commentary, I want to take the opportunity to say a brief and personal word about Christine Gilbert, who finished her term as HMCI during the year. Christine brought the new Ofsted together from its predecessor organisations in 2007. She brought extraordinary energy and personal drive to the service of children and learners. She passionately believed not only that everyone deserves the best from the services they use, but that every child can and should achieve and do well. That has been the vision which has animated Ofsted for many years, and it continues to do so today".
Brent.
On Monday 5 November 2012, Gilbert took up a post as Acting Chief Executive of the Council in the London Borough of Brent, initially for a six-month appointment, succeeding Gareth Daniel, who left at short notice earlier in the year.
Education beliefs.
When she went into education she initially taught the 'whole books' method and believed in it, but seeing the effects of the National Literacy Strategy, realised for those of school age the explicit teaching of phonics was important.
Personal life.
Divorced from her first husband, she met then councillor and later government minister Tony McNulty when she was Director of Education for the London Borough of Harrow. The couple married in September 2002 in Hammersmith and Fulham. She has no children from either marriage.
In 2010, “The Tablet” named her as one of Britain’s most influential Roman Catholics. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381157" title="Heinrich Kleisli">
Heinrich Kleisli

Heinrich Kleisli (October 19, 1930 – April 5, 2011) was a Swiss mathematician. He is the namesake of several constructions in category theory, including the Kleisli category and Kleisli triples. He is also the namesake of the Kleisli Query System, a tool for integration of heterogeneous databases developed at the University of Pennsylvania.
Kleisli earned his Ph.D. at ETH Zurich in 1960. His dissertation was on homotopy and Abelian categories. He served as an associate professor at the University of Ottawa before relocating to the University of Fribourg in 1966. He became a full professor at Fribourg in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="21381164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381164" title="Louis Héctor Leroux">
Louis Héctor Leroux

Louis Héctor Leroux (27 December 1829, Verdun - 11 November 1900, Angers) was a French painter in the academic style.
Life.
Training as a wigmaker, he briefly worked in that profession in his birthplace at the same time as taking a drawing course in the town's art college, winning all its art prizes. These prizes earned Leroux a small bursary to go to Paris to study further, and he entered the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in 1849. He studied in the studio of François-Édouard Picot, producing copies of illustrations and museum works to supplement his income. He won the second prize in the Prix de Rome in 1857, staying in Rome from then until 1874. Shortly after his arrival in Rome the French state commissioned him to produce a painted copy of Titian's "Sacred and Profane Love", whilst he later also produced copies for the Gobelins manufactory. He travelled from Rome to the rest of Italy, to Greece, Asia Minor, Turkey and Egypt, making occasional return trips to Paris. From 1863 onwards he painted almost solely classical subjects, along with occasional historical or biblical subjects. His daughter Laura Leroux was also a painter.

</doc>
<doc id="21381183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381183" title="Gerald D. Morgan">
Gerald D. Morgan

Gerald D. Morgan (December 19, 1908 – June 15, 1976) was born in New York, graduated from Princeton University in 1930, and Harvard Law School in 1933. He was a member of the bar in New York, Kentucky, and the District of Columbia. After his graduation he served in the Solicitor's Office of the United States Steel Corporation.
Morgan was a member of the Eisenhower administration. On January 21, 1953, he was appointed Special Assistant on the White House staff. From 1952 to 1955, he served as administrative assistant to President Dwight D. Eisenhower. From 1955 to 1958, he served as special counsel to the president and from 1958 to 1961 he served as Eisenhower's deputy assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="21381184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381184" title="Empress of China (1783)">
Empress of China (1783)

Photograph of wrong ship removed, image of correct ship at
The Empress of China (AKA "Chinese Queen") was a three-masted, square-rigged sailing ship of 360 tons, initially built in 1783 for service as a privateer. After the Treaty of Paris brought a formal end to the American Revolutionary War, the vessel was refitted for commercial purposes . It became the first American ship to sail from the newly independent United States to China, opening what is known today as the Old China Trade and transporting the first official representative of the American government to Canton.
First voyage.
The first American merchant vessel to enter Chinese waters left New York harbor on Washington's birthday, February 22, 1784. The "Empress" returned to New York on May 11, 1785 after a round voyage of fourteen months and twenty-four days. The success of the voyage encouraged others to invest in further trading with China.
The ship's captain John Green (1736-1796) was a former U.S. Naval officer, its two business agents (supercargos), Samuel Shaw (1754-1794) and Thomas Randall (17__-1811), were former officers in the U.S. Continental Army, and its syndicate of owners, including Robert Morris (1734-1806) were some of the richest men in the new nation.

</doc>
<doc id="21381195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381195" title="Robert Hooper (swimmer)">
Robert Hooper (swimmer)

Robert Percy Hooper (born September 11, 1918) is a Canadian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was a member of the Canadian team which finished seventh in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event. In the 400 metre freestyle competition as well as in the 1500 metre freestyle contest he was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the Canadian team which won the gold medal in the 4×200 yards freestyle event. Four years later at the Empire Games in Sydney he won the silver medal with the Canadian team in the 4×220 yards freestyle competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21381206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381206" title="Miss Latin America 1987">
Miss Latin America 1987

Miss América Latina 1987 was the fifth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the seventh overall. The final event was held on October 17, 1987 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia. At the conclusion of the pageant, Lorenia Burruel of Mexico was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Lucia Collado of the Dominican Republic. Because the 1988 event had to be postponed due to the Mexican presidential inauguration that year, Burruel's title was extended to Miss América Latina 1987-88.

</doc>
<doc id="21381208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381208" title="Rules and Games">
Rules and Games

"Rules and Games" is the third official single from Funeral for a Friend's fourth album, Memory and Humanity. It was released on 23 March 2009 in the UK as a download only. The video, based on the movie "Big", was uploaded to YouTube on 3 February 2009. The band play in a place behind a hung tilted frame. This includes children discovering a man with a crystal ball, one of them pays money to him, touches it and at the end of the video they all grow up into the band. This is Gavin Burrough's, the new bassist's (later guitarist) first video with the band.

</doc>
<doc id="21381210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381210" title="477th Tactical Fighter Squadron">
477th Tactical Fighter Squadron

The 477th Tactical Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 312th Tactical Fighter Wing, based at Cannon Air Force Base. New Mexico. It was inactivated on 18 February 1959.
History.
Activated as a fourth F-100 Super Sabre squadron at Cannon AFB under the 312th TFW. Deployed to Turkey for NATO rotational commitments. Inactivated in 1959 when its parent wing was inactivated and re-designated as the 27th TFW. Personnel and equipment of the squadron were re-designated as the 481st Tactical Fighter Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="21381213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381213" title="Graham Oakey">
Graham Oakey

Graham Oakey is an English former football player. Oakey made 88 league appearances for Coventry City.
Born in Droitwich, Worcestershire in 1954, Graham was a product of Coventry's youth development system. He made his league debut in a home 2-2 draw against Manchester City in September 1974. His career was cut short by a knee injury sustained at Villa Park in December 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21381229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381229" title="NIH classification of headaches">
NIH classification of headaches

The NIH classification of headaches consists of brief, relatively vague glossary-type definitions of a limited number of headaches.
It outlines five types of headache: vascular, myogenic (muscle tension), cervicogenic, traction, and inflammatory.
Vascular.
The most common type of vascular headache is "migraine". Migraine headaches are usually characterized by severe pain on one or both sides of the head, an upset stomach, and, for some people, disturbed vision. It is more common in women. While vascular changes are evident during a migraine, the cause of the headache is neurological, not vascular. After migraine, the most common type of vascular headache is the "toxic" headache produced by fever.
Other kinds of vascular headaches include "cluster headaches", which are very severe recurrent short lasting headaches, often located through or around either eye and often wake the sufferers up at the same time every night. Unlike migraines, these headaches are more common in men than in women.
Muscular/myogenic.
Muscular (or myogenic) headaches appear to involve the tightening or tensing of facial and neck muscles; they may radiate to the forehead. Tension headache is the most common form of myogenic headache.
Cervicogenic.
Cervicogenic headaches originate from disorders of the neck, including the anatomical structures innervated by the cervical roots C1–C3. Cervical headache is often precipitated by neck movement and/or sustained awkward head positioning. It is often accompanied by restricted cervical range of motion, ipsilateral neck, shoulder, or arm pain of a rather vague non-radicular nature or, occasionally, arm pain of a radicular nature.
Traction/inflammatory.
Traction and inflammatory headaches are symptoms of other disorders, ranging from stroke to sinus infection.
Specific types of headaches include:
A headache may also be a symptom of sinusitis.
Like other types of pain, headaches can serve as warning signals of more serious disorders. This is particularly true for headaches caused by inflammation, including those related to meningitis as well as those resulting from diseases of the sinuses, spine, neck, ears, and teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="21381230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381230" title="Abruzzo regional election, 1990">
Abruzzo regional election, 1990

The Abruzzo regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, while the Italian Communist Party came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Rocco Salini formed a centre-left government. In 1992 Salini, who was elected to the Italian Parliament, was replaced as President by fellow Christian Democrat Vincenzo Del Colle.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381238" title="Microbeam">
Microbeam

A microbeam is a narrow beam of radiation, of micrometer or sub-micrometer dimensions. Together with integrated imaging techniques, microbeams allow precisely defined quantities of damage to be introduced at precisely defined locations. Thus, the microbeam is a tool for investigators to study intra- and inter-cellular mechanisms of damage signal transduction.
A schematic of microbeam operation is shown on the right. Essentially, an automated imaging system locates user-specified targets, and these targets are sequentially irradiated, one by one, with a highly-focused radiation beam. Targets can be single cells, sub-cellular locations, or precise locations in 3D tissues. Key features of a microbeam are throughput, precision, and accuracy. While irradiating targeted regions, the system must guarantee that adjacent locations receive no energy deposition.
History.
The first microbeam facilities were developed in the mid-90s. These facilities were a response to challenges in studying radiobiological processes using broadbeam exposures. Microbeams were originally designed to address two main issues:
Additionally, microbeams were seen as ideal vehicles to investigate the mechanisms of radiation response.
Radiation-sensitivity of the cell.
At the time it was believed that radiation damage to cells was entirely the result of damage to DNA. Charged particle microbeams could probe the radiation sensitivity of the nucleus, which at the time appeared not to be uniformly sensitive. Experiments performed at microbeam facilities have since shown the existence of a bystander effect. A bystander effect is any biological response to radiation in cells or tissues that did not experience a radiation traversal. These "bystander" cells are neighbors of cells that have experienced a traversal. The mechanism for the bystander effect is believed to be due to cell-to-cell communication. The exact nature of this communication is an area of active research for many groups.
Irradiation with an exact number of particles.
At the low doses of relevance to environmental radiation exposure, individual cells only rarely experience traversals by an ionizing particle and almost never experience more than one traversal. For example, in the case of domestic radon exposure, cancer risk estimation involves epidemiological studies of uranium miners. These miners inhale radon gas, which then undergoes radioactive decay, emitting an alpha particle This alpha particle traverses the cells of the bronchial epithelium, potentially causing cancer. The average lifetime radon exposure of these miners is high enough that cancer risk estimates are driven by data on individuals whose target bronchial cells are subjected to multiple alpha particle traversals. On the other hand, for an average house occupant, about 1 in 2,500 target bronchial cells will be exposed per year to a single alpha particle, but less than 1 in 107 of these cells will experience traversals by more than one particle. Therefore, in order to extrapolate from miner to environmental exposures, it is necessary to be able to extrapolate from the effects of multiple traversals to the effects of single traversals of a particle.
Due to the random distribution of particle tracks, the biological effects of an exact number (particularly one) of particles cannot practically be simulated in the laboratory using conventional broadbeam exposures. Microbeam techniques can overcome this limitation by delivering an exact number (one or more) of particles per cell nucleus. True single-particle irradiations should allow measurement of the effects of exactly one alpha particle traversal, relative to multiple traversals. The application of such systems to low frequency processes such as oncogenic transformation depends very much on the technology involved. With an irradiation rate of at least 5,000 cells per hour, experiments with yields of the order of 10−4 can practically be accomplished. Hence, high throughput is a desired quality for microbeam systems.
Charged particle microbeam.
The first microbeam facilities delivered charged particles. A charged particle microbeam facility must meet the following basic requirements:
"Beam spot size".
Beam spots with diameter down to about two micrometres can be obtained by collimating the beam with pinhole apertures or with a drawn capillary. Sub-micrometre beam spot sizes have been achieved by focusing the beam using various combinations of electrostatic or magnetic lenses. Both methods are used at present.
"Vacuum window".
A vacuum window is necessary in order to perform microbeam experiments on living cells. Generally, this is accomplished with the use of a vacuum-tight window of a polymer a few micrometres thick or 100-500 nm thick Silicon nitride.
"Cell registration and positioning".
Cells must be identified and targeted with a high degree of accuracy. This can be accomplished using cell staining and fluorescence microscopy or without staining through the use of techniques such as quantitative phase microscopy or phase contrast microscopy. Ultimately, the objective is to recognize cells, target them, and move them into position for irradiation as fast as possible. Throughputs of up to 15,000 cells per hour have been achieved.
"Particle counters".
Particles must be counted with a high degree of detection efficiency in order to guarantee that a specific number of ions are delivered to a single cell. Generally, detectors can be placed before or after the target to be irradiated. If the detector is placed after the target, the beam must have sufficient energy to traverse the target and reach the detector. If the detector is placed before the target, the detector must have a minimal effect on the beam. When the desired number of particles are detected, the beam is either deflected or shut off.
"Other considerations".
Living cells must be maintained under conditions that do not stress the cell, causing an unwanted biological response. Normally, cells must be attached to a substrate so that their position can be determined by the imaging system. Recent advancements in beam position control and high speed imaging have made flow through systems possible (Flow and Shoot).
X-ray microbeam.
Some facilities have developed or are developing soft x-ray microbeams. In these systems, zone plates are used to focus characteristic x rays generated from a target hit by a charged particle beam. When using synchrotron x-rays as a source, x-ray microbeam can be obtained by cutting the beam with a precise slit system due to high directionality of synchrotron radiation.
Biological endpoint.
Many biological endpoints have been studied including oncogenic transformation, apoptosis, mutations, and chromosomal aberrations.
Microbeam Workshops.
There have been nine international workshops, held approximately once every two years, on Microbeam Probes of Cellular Radiation Response. These workshops serve as an opportunity for microbeam personnel to come together and share ideas. The proceedings of the workshops serve as an excellent reference on the state of microbeam-related science. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381242" title="Thomas Haller Cooper">
Thomas Haller Cooper

Thomas Haller Cooper, (29 August 1919-1987), also known as Tom Böttcher, was a member of the German Waffen-SS British Free Corps and former member of the British Union of Fascists.
Biography.
Early life.
Thomas Cooper was born in Chiswick to a British father, Ashley Cooper and a German mother Anna Maria, née Simon. His father was a photographer and commercial artist who had met Cooper's mother in Berlin.
Cooper attended Latymer Upper School, Hammersmith and upon leaving in 1936 attempted to find work. He was rejected by the Metropolitan Police, the Royal Navy and the Royal Air Force, on each occasion the reason given was the fact he had a German mother. Extremely resentful of his treatment, Cooper joined the British Union of Fascists in September 1938.
A fluent German-speaker, Cooper contacted the German Academic Exchange Organisation in Russell Square, London. After a short period, he was offered a place at the RAD (Reichs Arbeits Dienst or German Labour Service) Office in Stuttgart, during the summer of 1939.
Caught in Germany at the outbreak of war on 3 September 1939, Cooper was arrested as an enemy alien. However, he was released after producing a certificate that his mother had obtained, classifying him as an ethnic German (a Volksdeutscher).
Military life.
Thomas Cooper was offered an opportunity to join the SS. He eventually accepted. Thomas Cooper was ordered to return on 1 February 1940 at the Berlin Lichterfelde Barracks, the home of the "Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler". While at this camp, Cooper told his superiors that his father was now serving with British forces, and that he thought it was no longer appropriate to be serving with the SS. After being placed under arrest, Cooper reconsidered his position. He announced that he had decided to continue serving in the SS.
In July 1940, Cooper was transferred to the 8th Company, 5th "Totenkopf" Infantry Regiment based at Oranienburg to the north of Berlin. His task was to train recruits in the use of machine guns. He remained with this regiment until February 1941. At this time, Cooper had been moved to Płock, near the River Vistula, in Poland. Promoted to SS-Rottenfuhrer, he left the regiment to go to the SS NCO School at Lauenburg in Pomerania, for training which finished in May 1941.
Cooper was then moved to a subunit based at the Dębica training area near Kraków. Cooper's detachment centred around the security and administration of the training area. He was also promoted to SS-Unterscharfuhrer in November 1941.
Thomas Cooper was badly wounded in both legs in fighting the Russians during February 1943. He was carried back by his men to Schablinov. From there he was evacuated via Narva, Riga and Königsberg to Bad Muskau, a small town located near Görlitz. Thomas Cooper was awarded the Wound Badge in Silver, becoming the only Englishman to receive a German Combat decoration.
Cooper was tried for High Treason at the Central Criminal Court in January 1946, and sentenced to hang. An appeal failed, but days before his scheduled execution, the sentence was commuted to life imprisonment.
Later life.
Cooper was released in January 1953 and is believed to have emigrated to Japan. Weale states that he subsequently returned to England and died in early 1987, aged 67.

</doc>
<doc id="21381292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381292" title="2005 European Tour">
2005 European Tour

The 2005 European Tour was the 34th golf season since the European Tour officially began in 1972. The 2005 season consisted of 47 official money events, which was a new record total. This included four major championships and three World Golf Championships, which were also sanctioned by the PGA Tour. 27 events took place in Europe, 10 in Asia, six in the United States, two in South Africa and one each in Australia and New Zealand. Total prize money exceeded €97 million, including nearly €40 million in the four major championships and three individual World Golf Championships events.
The Order of Merit race came down to the final tournament, and was won by Colin Montgomerie for a record eighth time, and the first since 1999. The Player of the Year award was given to Order of Merit runner up and U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell of New Zealand. The Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year was Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño of Spain, who won his first title, the KLM Open during his début season.
Main tournaments.
For details of what happened in the main tournaments of 2005, including the major championships and the World Golf Championships, see 2005 in golf.
Table of results.
The first three events actually took place in late 2004. The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the European Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for members of the European Tour. To give such a number for non-members would misrepresent the amount of time some international golfers spend on the European Tour; as the Tour co-sanctions the major championships and World Golf Championships events, some top players accumulate a significant number of wins in European Tour sanctioned events without really playing on it.
Order of Merit.
In 2005, the European Tour's money list was known as the "Order of Merit". It was calculated in euro, although around half of the events had prize funds which were fixed in other currencies, mostly either British pounds or U.S. dollars. In these instances the amounts were converted into euro at the exchange rate for the week that the tournament was played. The top 10 golfers in 2005 were:

</doc>
<doc id="21381296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381296" title="SS Cameronia">
SS Cameronia

Cameronia was the name of a number of ships:

</doc>
<doc id="21381301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381301" title="Émile Lévy">
Émile Lévy

Émile Lévy (August 29, 1826 Paris - 1890) was a French genre and portrait painter.
Biography.
He was a pupil of François-Édouard Picot and Abel de Pujol. He also studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He won the Grand Prix de Rome in 1854. On his return from Italy, he settled in Paris, and devoted himself to portrait painting. He exhibited in the Salon, receiving a first-class medal in 1878, and the Legion of Honor in 1867. Among the more important of his works are: “Noah Cursing Canaan” (1855); “Supper of the Martyrs” (1859); “Death of Orpheus” (1866), Luxembourg Museum; “Love and Folly” (1874); “Infancy” (1885); “The Elements,” Salon of Ministry of State, Louvre; “Presentation of the Virgin,” Trinity Church, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21381305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381305" title="Basilicata regional election, 1970">
Basilicata regional election, 1970

The Basilicata regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining almost twice the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Vincenzo Verrastro was elected President of the Region.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381309" title="Marshall syndrome">
Marshall syndrome

Marshall syndrome is a genetic disorder of the connective tissue which can cause hearing loss. The three most common areas to be affected are the eyes which are uncommonly large, joints and the mouth and facial structures. Marshall syndrome and Stickler syndrome closely resemble each other; in fact they are so similar, some say they are the same.
Genetics.
Stickler syndrome and Marshall syndrome have an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. However, there is a great deal of variation within and among families with regard to gene expression. Some may be more severely affected and others may be very mildly affected. Often these syndromes are not recognized in a family until a baby is born with Pierre Robin syndrome or some members have detached retinas or cataracts at a young age.
Both syndromes where correlated with mutations in the COL11A1 gene.
Clinical features.
Eyes.
Myopia is the most common eye problem in Marshall syndrome. Cataracts also occur more frequently and detached retina less frequently than in Stickler syndrome. Myopia also is the most common problem with the eyes in Stickler syndrome. In the latter syndrome, extreme myopia may lead to severe eye problems such as detached retina more frequently than in Marshall syndrome, and cataracts less frequently than in Marshall syndrome.
Joints.
The joint changes include hyperextensibility (double-jointedness) and arthritis. Babies and young children with Stickler syndrome usually have very hyperextensible joints. As an affected child gets older, they may experience pain and stiffness from overuse of a joint. Osteoarthritis of the large joints often develops during the third or fourth decade. The joint changes in Marshall syndrome are of the same type but to a lesser degree. There also may be changes in the bones that show up on X-ray but generally are not a problem.
Orofacial Structure.
The most severe problem associated with Stickler syndrome is Pierre Robin syndrome. This refers to a cleft palate resulting from a very small lower jaw. During early fetal life, the roof of the mouth is normally open and the sides of the palate have to come together to close. If the jaw is too small, there is not enough room for the tongue which is then pushed up and gets in the way of the closing palate. Sometimes the chin is so small the baby has problems with eating and breathing if the tongue blocks the back of the throat. Cleft palate is found less frequently in Marshall Syndrome than in Stickler syndrome but still more frequently than in the general population.
The facial features of Marshall Syndrome include a flat midface, the appearance of large eyes, short upturned nose, and a round face. The facial features of Stickler syndrome are less prominent but include a rather long flat face, and depressed nasal bridge.
Hearing loss.
The hearing loss associated with Stickler syndrome can be progressive and usually involves the high frequencies. Sensorineural hearing loss has been reported in as many as 100% and as low as 20% of affected individuals. A conductive loss due to otitis can magnify an existing sensorineural loss and is a frequent problem for children with Stickler or Marshall Syndrome.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is made based on features as well as by the very early onset of serious eye and ear disease. Because Marshall syndrome is an autosomal dominant hereditary disease, physicians can also note the characteristic appearance of the biological parent of the child. There are no tests for Stickler syndrome or Marshall syndrome. Some families with Stickler syndrome have been shown to have mutations in the Type II collagen gene on chromosome 1. However, other families do not show the linkage to the collagen gene. its an area of active research, also the genetic testing being expensive supports that the diagnosis is made depending on the features.
Treatment.
There is no medical treatment for either syndrome but there are some recommendations that can help with prevention or early identification of some of the problems. Children with either syndrome should have their hearing tested, and adults should be aware that the hearing loss may not develop until the adult years. Yearly visits to an ophthalmologist or other eye care professional who has been informed of the diagnosis of Stickler or Marshall syndrome is important for all affected individuals. Children should have the opportunity to have myopia corrected as early as possible, and treatment for cataracts or detached retinas may be more effective with early identification. Support for the joints is especially important during sports, and some recommend that contact sports should be avoided by those who have very loose joints.

</doc>
<doc id="21381310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381310" title="Raees Ahmadzai">
Raees Ahmadzai

Raees Khan Ahmadzai (born 3 September 1984) is a former Afghan cricketer who represented the Afghanistan national cricket team until his retirement in May 2010. Ahmadzai is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He is also UNICEF National Goodwill Ambassador.
Early and personal life.
Ahmadzai was born in the village of Azra, Logar Province, Afghanistan. He is from the Kuchi tribe, along with former teammates Mohammad Nabi and Dawlat Ahmadzai. He is far from certain about his age. In an interview in Potchefstroom with Will Luke in April 2009, he said, "Talking to my mother, she works out my age by seeing who the president was. Unofficially I'm nearly 25, give or take three years. Or four. I could be 21 or 28." Luke's own opinion, going by "Deep-set wrinkles and a calm demeanour", was twenty-eight. The general consensus from Cricinfo and CricketArchive is that he was born on 3 September 1984.
Ahmadzai spent much of his early years in refugee camps with his family, fleeing from the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and the subsequent Civil War that followed the Soviet withdrawal. Ahmadzai, like many of his teammates learnt the game in neighbouring Pakistan, in Ahmadzai's case in a Peshawar schoolyard.
Career.
Ahmadzai made his debut for Afghanistan against Rahim Yar Khan in the 2002/3 Cornelius Trophy. Ahmadzai made his international debut for Afghanistan against Hong Kong in the 2004 ACC Trophy. Ahmadzai represented Afghanistan in the following tournament in 2006. During the 2006 tournament, Ahmadzai captained the side.
In 2007, Ahmadzai played two List-A matches for the Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club in Sri Lanka, playing matches against Lankan Cricket Club and the Sri Lanka Army Sports Club.
Ahmadzai was part of the rapidly rising Afghan team that from 2008 to 2009 won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, thus promoting them to Division Two and allowing them to partake in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier.
During the qualifier, Ahmadzai made his List-A debut for Afghanistan against Denmark. During the same tournament Afghanistan gained ODI status, with Ahmadzai making his One Day International debut against Scotland, where he scored 39 runs, helping Afghanistan to an 89 run victory.
Ahmadzai made his first class debut in the Intercontinental Cup against a Zimbabwe XI in which Afghanistan drew the match. Later, in November 2009 he was a member of Afghanistan's 2009 ACC Twenty20 Cup winning squad.
Ahmadzai made his full Twenty20 International debut against Ireland in the 2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka. Later on in February 2010, Ahmadzai was a key member of Afghanistan's victorious 2010 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier winning squad and was later named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
In April 2010, Ahmadzai was a key member of Afghanistan's 2010 ACC Trophy Elite winning squad which defeated Nepal in the final, with Ahmadzai scoring 52 runs in Afghanistan's innings; earning him the man of the match award. Ahmadzai played in both of Afghanistan's matches in Group C of the 2010 ICC World Twenty20. In their first match of the tournament he remained unbeaten on 5 against India and against South Africa he was caught behind by Mark Boucher off the bowling of Morné Morkel. Afghanistan lost both matches and were eliminated from the tournament.
Retirement.
Shortly before Afghanistan's match against South Africa, Ahmadzai announced he would retire following the match. He stated his reason for retiring being "in order to focus on developing the younger generation of Afghan cricketers". Ahmadzai has now taken up a coaching role with the national squad as well a chief selector for the Afghanistan Cricket Board. He is also a representative of Afghanaid.

</doc>
<doc id="21381319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381319" title="Francis Scully (politician)">
Francis Scully (politician)

Francis Scully (1820 – 18 August 1864), was an Irish politician in the United Kingdom House of Commons.
Scully was elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Tipperary in 1847, and held the seat until 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="21381326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381326" title="Abel de Pujol">
Abel de Pujol

Alexandre-Denis-Abel de Pujol or Abel de Pujol (30 January 1785 in Valenciennes – 29 September 1861 in Paris) was a French painter. He was a student of David and his own students included Alexandre-Gabriel Decamps and Emile Levy. He painted the ceiling of the grand-staircase at the Louvre as well as the galerie de Diane at Fontainebleau and the ceiling of the Bourse de Paris. A member of the Institut de France, he was an officer of the légion d'honneur.

</doc>
<doc id="21381335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381335" title="1940 Soviet First League">
1940 Soviet First League


</doc>
<doc id="21381349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381349" title="Shingo Nanami">
Shingo Nanami

According to her English-language publisher, Nanami is ambidextrous, but draws her manga only with her left hand.

</doc>
<doc id="21381351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381351" title="Louis Musy">
Louis Musy

Louis Musy (born 22 October 1902, Algeria, died 19 October 1981) was a French operatic baritone and stage director principally active at the Paris Opéra-Comique. His teacher was Léon David.
He made his debut in "Le Chemineau" by Leroux in 1925 at the Opéra-Comique and went on to sing many other French and Italian roles in the Opéra-Comique repertoire.
Musy was a member of the four-member committee which ran the Opéra-Comique after the liberation of Paris during 1944. From 1947 he was a director of staging at the theatre. His pupils included Xavier Depraz, Jean Dupouy, Jacques Loreau, Irène Sicot and Remy Corazza.
Roles created.
In addition to Paris premieres of several operas, he took part in the world premieres of:
Recordings.
He sang in recordings of "Carmen" in 1927 (as Escamillo), "Faust" in 1930 (Valentin), "The Tales of Hoffman" in 1948 (Lindorf), and "Louise" in 1956 (Father); as well as "L'école des maris" by Emmanuel Bondeville in 1954 (Sganarelle), and "Les mousquetaires au couvent" 1957 (Bridaine) and "La fille de Madame Angot" in 1958 (Larivaudière). 
He played Dr. Bartolo in the 1948 Opéra-Comique film of "Le Barbier de Séville" directed by Jean Loubignac and conducted by André Cluytens.

</doc>
<doc id="21381367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381367" title="George Larson">
George Larson

George Larson (June 10, 1912 – September 20, 2008) was a Canadian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario.
In 1932 he was a member of the Canadian team which finished fourth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event. In the 400 metre freestyle competition he was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metre freestyle contest.
At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the Canadian team which won the gold medal in the 4×200 yards freestyle event. He also won a silver medal in the 100 yards freestyle competition and finished fourth in the 440 yards contest and sixth in the 1500 yards event.

</doc>
<doc id="21381371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381371" title="Alexis Ubillús">
Alexis Ubillús

Club career.
Ubillús played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Universitario, FBC Melgar and Alianza Lima.
International career.
Ubillús made 11 appearances for the senior Peru national football team from 1994 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21381376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381376" title="Francis Scully">
Francis Scully

Francis Scully may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21381379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381379" title="Basilicata regional election, 1975">
Basilicata regional election, 1975

The Basilicata regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Vincenzo Verrastro, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, was re-elected President.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381382" title="National Association of Graduate Admissions Professionals">
National Association of Graduate Admissions Professionals

The National Association of Graduate Admissions Professionals (NAGAP) is a non-profit professional organization whose members are devoted exclusively to the concerns of individuals working in the graduate admissions and recruitment environment.
Membership in NAGAP provides an opportunity to network with professional colleagues at all sizes and types of institutions: large and small, public and private, secular and non-secular.
The annual conference, electronic mailing list (listserv), professional development institutes, membership directory, and Perspectives, all help facilitate communication among members.
Mission statement.
The Mission of NAGAP is…to support, advance, and engage graduate enrollment professionals by promoting integrity, excellence, and collaboration through education and professional development.

</doc>
<doc id="21381403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381403" title="Agnarr Geirröðsson">
Agnarr Geirröðsson

Agnarr Geirröðsson is the son of King Geirröðr in Norse mythology. Agnarr is solely attested in the poem "Grímnismál" in the "Poetic Edda", the latter compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources. In "Grímnismál" he is described as aiding Odin, disguised as Grímnir, to escape from Geirröðr's torture.

</doc>
<doc id="21381416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381416" title="Andrew Cooper">
Andrew Cooper

Andrew Dollman Cooper, OAM (born 23 December 1964) is a former Australian Olympic rowing gold medallist and World champion. 
He competed in two Olympic Games — 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics, and was a member of the "Oarsome Foursome" in 1991 and 1992.
In 1999 he was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.In 2010 Cooper was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381417" title="Nicholas Byron Cavadias">
Nicholas Byron Cavadias

Nicholas Byron Cavadias (born February 8, 1929) is an engineer and business leader known for his contributions to flight simulation in Canada and elsewhere.
Early years.
Nicholas Byron Cavadias was born on February 8, 1929 in Galgaun, India, but relocated to Greece with his Greek parents during childhood. He attended the University of Southampton and the London City and Guilds Institute as an engineer. Specializing in the application of electronics to aviation, Cavadias began his career at TAE Greek National Airlines in 1946 as a radio engineer before becoming a ground radar specialist with the Royal Air Force in 1953. In 1956, he relocated to Canada, where he took a position with Montreal-based avionics company Canadian Aviation Electronics Ltd.(CAE).
CAE Years.
In the early 1960s, Cavadias became Project Manager at CAE of a project to produce a flight simulator for the CF-104 Starfighter. CAE thrived from the success of this and earlier flight simulation projects, branching out. In 1961, CAE Electronics GmbH was established in Germany to handle simulations. A parent organization, CAE Industries was formed in 1963, under which CAE Electronics GmbH and CAE Electronics were overseen. Cavadias rose in ranks at CAE Electronics, which had dwindled considerably after the division of the company, becoming Manager of Manufacturing in 1963, Vice President of Operations in 1967, Executive Vice President in 1973 and President in 1975. During Cavadias' tenure as leader, CAE Electronics expanded again, with an international market share growth in commercial airline flight simulators from less than 3% to more than 60%. The company also became a strong presence in the military flight simulator market in Germany. In 1990, Cavadias became Senior Vice President, Aerospace and Electronics Group, of the parent company CAE Industries. He retired in 1994.
In addition to his work in CAE, Cavadias contributed in other areas during his CAE years. He served as Director of the Aerospace Industries Association of Canada, was a member of the Consultative Committee on the Electronics Industry for the Canadian government and the Advisory Board for Science and Technology for the New Brunswick government.
Honours and legacy.
In 1985, Cavadias was given an honorary Doctor of Laws degree by Concordia University. He has twice been singled out for his contributions by representations of the United States government, in 1988 by the Commander in Chief of the USAF Military Airlift Command for outstanding contribution to their C-5 simulator program and in 1990 by NASA for outstanding cooperation between government and industry on the Crew Station Research program. In 1990, the Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute bestowed on him a C.D. Howe Award. In 1996, he was inducted into Canada’s Aviation Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21381432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381432" title="Basilicata regional election, 1980">
Basilicata regional election, 1980

The Basilicata regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Vincenzo Verrastro, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, was re-elected President for the third time in a row. In 1982 Verrastro was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Carmelo Azzarà.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381444" title="China Milan Equity Exchange">
China Milan Equity Exchange

CMEX (China Milan Equity Exchange) is the first equity exchange platform set up in Europe to help European companies gain access to the ongoing privatization process of Chinese State-owned enterprises. China's equity exchanges were set up by the Chinese government in an effort to ensure the transparent, regulated, fair and open privatization of state-owned equity. 
Background.
In 2003, the Chinese Government launched the widest privatization policy of State-owned enterprises ever implemented in the world’s economic history. Thousands of State-Owned companies were put on sale through a standardized procedure designed to ensure transparency and efficiency in the acquisition process by private enterprises.
Foreign companies have the chance to participate to the bidding process for the privatization of Chinese state-owned companies through equity exchange platforms that are directly supervised by the State Assets Supervision Administration Commission (SASAC). CBEX (China Beijing Equity Exchange) is the Chinese largest equity exchange, having completed 4,151 transactions in 2008 for a combined value in excess of 10 billion Euros. 
Since 2007, CMEX is the exclusive partner in Italy of CBEX, operating as a collector and processor of financial information available through the CBEX platform for the scouting of Chinese private and State-Owned Enterprises. CMEX assists Italian and European investors interested in penetrating the Chinese M&A market. 
Within the Go Global strategy (Go Global), promoted by the Chinese Government to encourage its enterprises to invest overseas, CMEX also represents a privileged channel for Chinese companies wishing to expand their business abroad.
CMEX originates from a business project of the Law Firm "Carone & Partners - in association with Grandall Legal Group".

</doc>
<doc id="21381446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381446" title="Golden Strait Corporation v Nippon Yusen Kubishka Kaisha">
Golden Strait Corporation v Nippon Yusen Kubishka Kaisha

Golden Strait Corporation v Nippon Yusen Kubishika Kaisha [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200607/ldjudgmt/jd070328/golden-1.htm UKHL 12 is an English contract law case, concerning the measure of damages for breach of contract.
Facts.
Golden Strait Corp chartered a ship to Nippon Yusen Kubishika Kaisha from 10 July 1998. The earliest contractual date for termination was 6 December 2005. The only exception (in clause 33 of the charterparty) for cancellation was if war broke out between Iraq, the United States, the United Kingdom and a number of others. Nippon, nevertheless repudiated the charter on 14 December 2001, redelivering the ship to Golden. Golden accepted this three days after.
They took the case to an arbitrator to consider how much Nippon should pay in damages. By that time, America had started the Iraq War, in March 2003. This was just the event that would have allowed Nippon to cancel the charter, if stayed with it. 
The arbitrator, Mr Robert Gaisford, reluctantly decided that the outbreak of war had created a limit on the payable damages. Nippon was liable for no damages after 21 March 2003. Golden appealed, the question being, in what circumstances could a party in breach rely on subsequent events to show that the contractual rights lost were not valuable?
Golden argued that where there was an available market, the loss should be measured at the date of acceptance of breach. It said that this created finality in contractual negotiations, and certainty because events subsequent to the date of acceptance of a contractual breach would become irrelevant.
Judgment.
Three members of the House of Lords upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal, while Lord Bingham and Lord Walker dissented.
The majority held that because the outbreak of war occurred before the damages fell to be assessed, they could be taken into account. The most important thing was an accurate assessment of damages based on the loss actually incurred, which goes to the root of the compensatory principles that a victim of breach of contract will be compensated for the loss of his bargain. The victim should be placed in the position as if the contract were performed. The court should not ignore facts that were available. Golden was trying to argue for compensation exceeding the value of what it had lost.
Lord Bingham, dissenting, would have held that damages should be assessed on the date of the breach. That should have meant Golden got damages for four years left on the charterparty. He emphasised the importance of certainty and predictability in English commercial law and said this decision would hurt it.
Lord Walker dissented with Lord Bingham.

</doc>
<doc id="21381449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381449" title="K. Muthukumar">
K. Muthukumar

K. Muthukumar was a Tamil journalist and activist based in Tamil Nadu, who came into prominence when he set fire on himself protesting against the brutal atrocities against the Sri Lankan Tamil people at the peak of civil war in the country. His death instantly triggered widespread strikes, demonstrations and public unrest in the state, most notably the manifestation of popular defiance of the Government of India ban against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, which the people demonstrated carrying flags of Tamil Eelam, placards and images of the LTTE leader V. Prabhakaran in the funeral procession of Muthukumar. Subsequently, 6 more Tamils had committed self-immolation in various parts of the globe including India, Malaysia and Switzerland.
Death.
On 29 January 2009, Muthukumar doused himself with several litres of petrol, and set himself on fire opposite the state Congress headquarters in Sasthri Bhavan, Chennai. Just before his death, he flung several copies of his four-page note in which he protested the Indian government's war in Sri Lanka against the Tamils. With 95% burn injuries, he was rushed to the Kilpauk Medical College in a critical condition, with slim chances of survival. He succumbed within a short span of time.
Police officials later told media that Muthukumar had not experienced any fear or wavering, he had been resolute in his decision to sacrifice his life to highlight the need for a permanent ceasefire.
When a doctor had asked him why such an educated person like him committed self-immolation, he had replied that several thousands of more intelligent and educated Tamil people were dying in Eezham and that he intended to save thousands of lives by sacrificing himself.
Muthukumar's grandmother, who remains in his native place of Kulavai Nallur in Thoothukudi (Tuticorin), had made plans to get him married in the coming months. When she learnt news of his self-immolation, she broke down and cried uncontrollably.
Legacy.
His letter addressed to the youth moved many. Many took to the streets after his death. Over a hundred thousand people, including students belonging to various colleges in the state, cadres of several political parties, women organizations, mediapersons and members of the public participated in his funeral. Among those who attended were Vaiko, Thirumavalavan, Nedumaran, Seeman, S. Ramadoss, R.K. Selvamani and Bharathiraja. Mourners shouted fiery slogans and displayed the flag of Tamil Eelam and portraits of V. Prabhakaran.
All shops in the district had downed their shutters as a mark of solidarity. Members of the public welcomed the procession and saluted Muthukumar's sacrifice by lighting torches. Hoardings of Sonia Gandhi, Karunanidhi and Jayalalitha, leaders of the mainstream political parties in the state, were burnt. Students were undeterred by the deployment of a heavy police and paramilitary force by the state.
Slogans raised in the meeting were in support of a separate Tamil homeland Eelam, and in praise of its national leader Prabhakaran and the Tamil Tigers. Following Muthukumar, 17 other youth from Tamil Nadu have burnt themselves for the same cause.
Reactions.
State Government.
Even before the funeral procession entered the cremation ground, news reached the students that the ruling DMK Government had ordered indefinite closure of all colleges and hostels to clamp down protests. Furthermore the state used its police to take down names of protesting students, and lawyers who were engaged in boycott of court proceedings and active protests were brutally assaulted.
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
The LTTE political head Nadesan saluted Muthukumar's sacrifice and added that the Heroic Tamil Son Muthukumar would have a permanent place in the global Tamil history. The condolence message read as follows:
Tamil National Alliance.
The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) offered its condolences and opined that the sacrifice which was made for the liberation of the Eelam Tamils must be esteemed forever by all Tamils. Tamil National Alliance MP Srikandha attended the funeral ceremony.
Tamil diaspora.
Muthukumar's sacrifice became a symbol for many members of the diaspora, and by February 14, at least 6 people had sacrificed their lives by self-immolation calling for a ceasefire and protecting the Tamils in the island.
Last statement.
Dear hardworking Tamil people...
Va'nakkam! I am sorry at having to meet you at this juncture when you are hurrying to work. But there is no other option. My name is Muthukumar. I am a journalist and an assistant director. Right now, I am working in a Chennai-based newspaper. I am also one like you. I am just another average person who has been reading newspapers and websites of how fellow Tamils are daily being killed, and like you I am unable to eat, unable to sleep, unable to sleep and unable to even think. While his ancient land of Tamils lets anyone coming here, like the Seths, to flourish, our own blood, the Tamils in Eelam are dying. When we lend our voices to say the killings should be stopped, Indian imperialism maintains a stony silence and does not give out any reply. If India's war is really a justifiable one, they can wage it openly... Why should they do it stealthily?
The Indian ruling class is eager to annihilate a very large population by using the hollow excuse of Rajiv Gandhi's assassination in order to satisfy the vengeful and selfish goals of a few individuals. The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam were not the only ones charged with the murder of Rajiv Gandhi. The Jain Commission Report held that the people of Tamil Nadu were also guilty of this murder. If so, are you also the murderers who killed Rajiv Gandhi?
They say the British killed people in Jallianwallahbagh, but what are they doing in Mullaiththeevu and Vanni? Look at the children being killed there. Aren't you reminded of your children? Look at the women being raped? Don't you have a sister in that age? When Rajiv Gandhi was killed why where frontline leaders of the Congress not with him? Why did Jayalalithaa, an alliance partner, not go to take part in such a massive rally that Rajiv took part in? Such questions are not being raised, and they are not being answered by them either. People, please think. Are they your leaders? What is the guarantee that these people—who indulge in politics through their money and muscle power—will not target us tomorrow? If they turn against tomorrow, who will be on our side?
Kalaignar ? Even at that point of time, he will make an announcement that the members of parliament will resign. Then, he will understand (?!) the Central Government. Then, he will once again request for a right decision, and pass a resolution in the Legislative Assembly—like actor Vadivel's comedy in the film Winner where he claims that no one has touched him until a particular month, a particular week, a particular time. People! A paper will not achieve anything! Now, the Election-time Tamil Kalaignar, who wants to be the leader of the worldwide Tamils and who desires to transfer all the money in Tamil Nadu to the coffers of his family, has hidden himself in the hospital afraid of bearing the brunt of people's anger. This paper tiger staged such major fights in order to get the required cabinet portfolios for his ministers, but truthfully, what has he done for Tamil or for the Tamils? He has himself admitted once, "Will the honey-gatherer remain without licking the back of his hand?" If we look at his puppet-shows, it looks as if he has done a lot of licking...
Law college students who have entered the field through your hunger strike...
As a fellow Tamil, I wish you all success. I also regret that I am unable to join you. Not only the Eelam Tamils problem, but even the protests seeking water for Cauvery, any protest in support of Tamil Nadu, you, and lawyers, are the first ones to fight. Even this time, only these two sections were the first to voice their protest even four months back. I have a suspicion that only in order to destroy your Tamil feeling, the Indian intelligence would have systematically instigated caste-feelings among you and paved the way for the skirmish that occurred at Ambedkar law college. It is the caste of students that takes the initiative in people's revolutionary struggles all over the world. Likewise, even in Tamil Nadu, an earlier generation of students in similar circumstances took to the streets before the Indian repulic day and chased away national parties, including the Congress from the Tamil land.
So, an historically important juncture has again reached your hands. Normally, such things don't take place in world history. Like it happened last time, don't let selfish people steal the fruits of your labour. The DMK that came to power riding high on the efforts of your struggle, first made a law that students should not take part in politics. After capturing power, it blunted Tamil feelings, and turned the entire Tamil population into a petitioning tribe. Smash that tradition. Don't believe anybody who asks you to submit a petition. This is the juncture when we should burn the differences of caste and religion between us. Throw away your fasting and enter the field. In reality, the Indian military's role in Sri Lanka is not just against the Tamils. It is against all Indians. They tried the sexual techniques they learnt from Sinhalese soldiers with innocent Assamese women! They learnt the strategies of how to crush the Tamil Tigers from the Sinhalese and they applied it to crush the fighters in the north-eastern states! As if this were not enough, what do we learn from the fact that the Indian and Sri Lankan peacekeeping forces were deported from Haiti because of sexual misdemeanour? That the India-Sri Lanka alliance is not an ideological alliance, but a sexual one! So, because the alliance between the Indian and Sri Lankan armies is against the fundamental human rights of the Indian people, try to rally students and democratic organizations towards your cause on a national level.
It is possible for people to do all this. However, they lack the right leadership. Make leaders from among yourselves. Change this protest from law college students, to students of all colleges. Let your frenzy and people's fury change the history of Tamil Nadu. Thrash and throw away muscle power, money power and power craze. This is possible only by you. "We are Tamil students, we are the life of Tamil Nadu. If Tamils are allowed peace, we will read magazines. Otherwise, we will surge like volacanoes." Convert these lines of poet Kasi Anandan into your intellectual weapon. The police force will try to lay my body to rest. Don't allow them to do that. Capture my dead body, don't bury it, and use it as a trump card to sharpen your struggle. Students of the Tamil Nadu medical colleges who will treat me, or conduct my post-mortem, I should have done some virtuous deed to be cut at your hands. Because, while upper-caste medical students in the rest of India were fighting against reservation, you were standing alone and fighting in support of reservation in medical education. What you do to me can remain aside. What are you going to do for our brothers, the Eelam Tamils, from your side?
Tamil Eelam is not the need of Tamil Eelam alone, it is the need of Tamil Nadu also. Because of the fishermen of Rameswaram. There are laws in the world to protect goats and cows.
But, are the Tamils of Rameswaram and the Tamils of Eelam lower than cows and goats? The Indian media carries on a systematic campaign that Tamil fishermen who cross boundaries are attacked because of the suspicion that they might be Tamil Tigers. Don't they ever read newspapers? Often, Taiwanese fishermen are arrested at Chennai because they lost their way at sea. If it is possible for people from Taiwan, which is thousands of kilometers away to lose their way, can't they believe the fact that the Tamil fisherman from Rameswaram, which is just 12 miles away from Lanka strays away from his route?
Brothers of other states who are living in Tamil Nadu...
You will have known from experience that Tamil Nadu is the only state where you can enjoy greater peace and protection when compared even with your home-state. Today, we are facing a major crisis. Our government is killing our brothers in Eelam by using our name, our Indian identity. The Indian government wants us to be isolated in this struggle. We don't want that to happen. So, please tell the Central Government that you too support our brothers who are fighting. It is my opinion that this will not only strengthen the hands of your leaders who are part of the Government at the Center, but is will also prevent the danger of a Navnirman Sena, or a Sena from being formed within Tamil Nadu in the future.
Youth belonging to the Tamil Nadu Police Force...
I have great respect for you. Irrespective of what other people did for the sake of Tamil, you are making Tamil live by using Tamil words in everyday contexts, such as calling employees as 'ayya'. I believe that you would have joined the police force with noble intentions of serving the people and weeding out anti-social elements. But, does the ruling class allow you to do that? By allowing you to commit minor mistakes, the ruling class hides its major crimes. It converts you into its trained henchmen, and makes you fight against the same people whom you wanted to serve. It is the Tamil Nadu police who guard Delhi's Tihar Jail. One of the oldest police forces in India, the Tamil Nadu police is one of the very best. But, are you given that respect by the Indian government? When Union Minister Chidambaram returned to New Delhi following his Chennai visit, Central Government security agencies have refused to handover his security arrangements at the Chennai airport to you. When asked why, they have derided your capabilities and said that they are aware of how you protected Rajiv Gandhi. While it is true that the Tamil Nadu police could not save the life of Rajiv Gandhi, it is equally true that the majority of those who died with him were only innocent policemen. Your dedication is unquestionable. But it was later exposed that this Indian intelligence had been careless even after coming to know that there were threats to Rajiv's life... Even if you have been against innocent people all this while, you are one of the pride of Tamil Nadu. At this historical juncture, only if you stand on the side of the people, you can regain the respect that you have lost among the people. Just once try to dedicate yourself to the fellow Tamils. They will carry you in golden plates. The feeling of gratitude among Tamil people is immeasurable. Because somebody spent his own money and built a dam, the Tamils on the Mullai river in Madurai built a temple and name their children after that man. All that you have to do is, when Tamil Nadu is boiling, you should refuse to cooperate with the Central Government officials, and you should reveal to the Tamil people who are the ones working for R.A.W and CBI. Do at least this. The people will take care of the rest.
People of Tamil Eelam, and Liberation Tigers...
All eyes are now in the direction of Mullaiththeevu. Tamil Nadu is also emotionally only on your side. It also wants to do something else. But what can we do? We don't have a true leader like you have... Please don't leave hope. Such a leader will emerge from Tamil Nadu only in such desperate times. Until then, strengthen the hands of the Tigers. Because the 1965 anti-Hindi agitation was placed in the hands of a few selfish people, the history of Tamil Nadu has been dragged to the stone ages. Please don't do that mistake.
Dear International Community, and our hope Obama...
We still have hope on you. But, there is no guarantee that a sovereign republic will not torture its people through ethnic discrimination. It is possible to cite instances from America's own history. After all, boxing hero Muhammed Ali said, "The little white in my community would have come only through rape..." As long as you remain silent, India will never open its mouth. Perhaps India may break its silence after all the Tamils have been killed. Until then, are you going to keep looking at India's mouth? They say that the war in Vanni is against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. They say that the Tigers are using the people as a human shield. If that is true, why do they come into the safety zone declared by the Government and kill people? This one evidence is enough that irrespective of whether the Tamil people are dependent on the Tigers or on the Government, they are going to be killed for the sole reason that they are Tamils. Is this not genocide? If India, Pakistan and China are supplying arms, Japan is giving economic aid, and moreover India is bullying Sri Lanka and thus killing Tamils, why don't you realize that you are also committing the same murder by your silence and your blindness? Nobody becomes a terrorist simply by taking up arms. Our Thiruvalluvar has said: Arathirke anbucar penpa ariyaar/ marathirkum akthe thunai (The ignorant say that affection is appropriate only to righteousness, but it will also inspire heroism to be restrained).
Jayalalitha says that the Tigers should lay down arms—as though the problem arose because the Tigers took up arms. In reality, the Tigers were formed because of the genocide of Tamils in Eelam, and they are not the reason for it. They are not the reason, just an outcome.
As long as Indian Government's involvement was not exposed, it kept saying that this problem was an internal affair and that India could not interfere. It also said that it was aiding Sri Lanka in order to prevent China, Pakistan and America from gaining supremacy in Sri Lanka. Yet, to kill Tamils, it joins hands with Pakistan that has killed scores of Indians and was responsible for the attack on the Indian Parliament, the serial-blasts in Mumbai and the recent strikes in Mumbai. If that is so, we suspect that Pakistan's terrorism in India is a mutually agreed-upon concept created by both sides in order to exploit and squander their respective citizens. Now, they say that the LTTE is a terrorist organization, hence the war. It says they killed Rajiv Gandhi. Rajiv Gandhi is not a councillor or a district secretary. When a Sinhalese attempted to kill him in Sri Lanka, he was not interrogated. One of my demands is that the Sinhalese soldier who tried to kill him earlier must also be included in the list of the accused and he must be interrogated again. The Tigers might have been sad with Rajiv, but they wouldn't have been angry with him. Because Rajiv was Indira's son. Indira, is next to MGR among the small gods who populate Tamil Eelam.
It has been clearly exposed that India is opposed to justice form the fact that it often changes the explanations that it offers. In such a situation, Sri Lanka said, Why don't you directly interfere, the Tigers are making use of the ceasefire to stock up weapons. Chandrika, or Ranil, or Mahinda were not gods in the past, they have not even behaved as human beings. Just because they agreed to the ceasefire in view of their compulsions, how could it be argued that the fighters should lay down their arms, or that they should not involve themselves in reconstruction activities. Only by bringing about the faith and confidence that you will behave honestly and truthfully, you can make the fighters lay down their weapons. No government in the past has honoured their promises. For instance, Ranil-Karuna. But the Tigers have not used the ceasefire to simply acquire weapons, but they have created a governmental administrative structure. Is this terrorism in the eyes of the world? India is trying to ingratiate itself by saying that it is fighting in order to save the innocent Tamils. Only sophisticated weaponry and spy planes from India are going to Sri Lanka; can they show a single paracetomol tablet that has gone from India? In such a state, they want us to believe that the Sri Lankan government will provide all the amenities for the people of Eelam, and that India will support this endeavour.
Now, they are attacking the ambulance of the International Committee of Red Cross, are they also Tamil Tigers? They killed 17 aid workers from France, were they Tamil Tigers? China's tanks, India's spy planes, Pakistan's artillery... not only these kill our people, but the silence of the International Community also kills them. When will you realize this—after a people who greatly desire justice are totally wiped away from the face of the earth? If you are interested in adding us to the list of Aborigines, Maya and Inca peoples, each day one of us will come in front of you and kill ourselves, as it comes in one of our myths... Please leave our sisters and our children alone. We are unable to bear this. We are fighting with the sole hope that one day we will watch them laugh whole-heartedly. Even if we accept for the sake of rhetoric that the LTTE should be punished, we must realize that both India and Sri Lanka lack the moral ground to hand out any punishment.
Justice derailed is worse than justice denied.
1. The International Community must condemn India and force it to immediately withdraw its troops from Sri Lanka, and be prevented from helping Sri Lanka through satellites and radars. Even unimportant discussions between the Governments of India and Sri Lanka should take place through the International Community. India should publicly apologize before the people of Tamil Nadu and the people of Tamil Eelam scattered across the world.
2. Because the UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon is always functioning with a bias towards his homeland China, he must not be given the power to take any decision regarding Eelam.
3. All the countries who have banned the LTTE based on the request from Sri Lanka should immediately revoke the ban and unconditionally release all those who have been arrested because they belong to the LTTE.
4. Members of the LTTE should be forgiven for their passport related mistakes, and they should be immediately released.
5. The industries which have been banned based on the allegation that they are connected to the Tigers, should be given the licenses once again, and they should also be adequately compensated.
6. Rajiv Gandhi's murder should be investigated by the InterPol and the real guilty must be exposed.
7. Pranab Mukherjee, Gotabhaya Rajapakse, Chandrika, Udayanakkara, Kekaliya Rambukawela, Basil Rajapakse, Mahinda and Fonseka should be subjected to narco-analysis.
8. While the International Community shall have the right to recognize Tamil Eelam which is going to be formed, only the people of Tamil Eelam shall have the right to decide under whose leadership it should be formed.
9. When the Tigers were weakened militarily, the Upcountry Tamils were targeted, and it is feared that in the future that area might be subjected to a major genocidal pogrom. So, a referendum must be conducted among the Upcountry Tamils to know whether they want to join Tamil Eelam. In this matter, the decision of the Upcountry Tamils shall be final.
10. Douglas Devananda, who was punished by the courts for firing at innocent Tamil people in Chennai under the influence of alcohol escaped to Sri Lanka before the period of imprisonment was completed. He must therefore be arrested and handed over to the Tamil Nadu police.
11. Everyone responsible for the murder of journalist Lasanta should be punished.
12. The Sinhalese journalists who have sought refuge in Tamil Nadu must be given adequate protection.
13. The Sinhalese couple who came as refugees to Tamil Nadu must be recognized as refugees, and the charges of passport-doctoring against them must be dropped.
14. The livelihood of families of Tamil fishermen shot dead should be secured.
With eternal love, 
Your brother against injustice, 
Ku. Muthukumar, Kolathur, Chennai 99.
Dear Tamil people, in the struggle against injustice our brothers and children have taken up the weapon of the intellect. I have used the weapon of life. You use the weapon of photocopying. Yes, make copies of this pamphlet and distribute it to your friends, relatives, and students and ensure that this support for this struggle becomes greater. Nan'ri.

</doc>
<doc id="21381460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381460" title="Hayden Valley">
Hayden Valley

Hayden Valley is a large, sub-alpine valley in Yellowstone National Park straddling the Yellowstone River between Yellowstone Falls and Yellowstone Lake. The valley floor along the river is an ancient lake bed from a time when Yellowstone Lake was much larger. The valley is well known as one of the best locations to view wildlife in Yellowstone.
History.
The valley was the natural route to Yellowstone Lake as trappers, explorers and natives made their way up the Yellowstone River. On August 29, 1870 when Henry D. Washburn and Gustavus Cheyney Doane ascended Mount Washburn during the Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition, they saw the great expanse of the Hayden Valley between Yellowstone Falls and the lake.
In Doane's journal he described the valley as seen from Mount Washburn thus:
A grassy valley, branching between low ridges, running from the river toward the center of the basin. A small stream rose in this valley, breaking through the ridges to the west in a deep cañon, and falling into the channel of the Yellowstone, which here bears in a northeast course, flowing in view as far as the confluence of the small stream, thence plunged into the Grand Cañon, and hidden from sight. No falls can be seen, but their location is readily detected by the sudden disappearance of the river; beyond this open valley the basin appears to be filled with a succession of low, converging ridges, heavily timbered, and all of about an equal altitude. To the south appears a broad sheet of water -- the Yellowstone Lake. 
Although its clear that the valley is named in honor of Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden and his geological surveys of the Yellowstone region (his 1871 survey led to the creation of the park), there is little definitive evidence as to who actually named the valley. Some credit the Earl of Dunraven, during his visit in 1872, but the name first appeared on maps in 1880 in an annual report from superintendent Philetus Norris.
Location.
The Hayden valley is approximately long north to south and wide east to west and occupies about of the park. It lies mostly the west of the Yellowstone River between Canyon and Yellowstone Lake. The Canyon to Lake section of the Grand Loop Road follows the eastern side of the valley near the river.
Geothermal features.
The geothermal features that are scattered around the valley are not as impressive as those of the large geyser basins, but in many case they were the first to be discovered and described by the early explorers. They include Mud Volcano, Mud Geyser, Sulphur Caldron, and Black Dragon Caldron at the southern end of the valley and Sulphur Spring in the Crater Hills group further north and west of the river.
Sensitive habitat.
The Hayden Valley is outstanding wildlife habitat and is frequented by buffalo, elk, grizzly bears, coyote and a host of smaller mammals and birds. To protect this habitat and prevent disturbing wildlife, the valley is closed to off-trail foot travel. Two trails make the valley accessible for hikers—the Hayden Valley trail and the Mary Mountain trail. The valley trail parallels the river on the eastern side of the valley from Lake to Canyon, while the Mary Mountain trail skirts the northern edge of the valley along Alum Creek on its way to the Canyon-Lake road. All the rivers, creeks and ponds in the valley are closed to fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="21381462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381462" title="178th meridian west">
178th meridian west

The meridian 178° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 178th meridian west forms a great circle with the 2nd meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 178th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21381463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381463" title="Paris 1878 chess tournament">
Paris 1878 chess tournament

The revival of France after the Franco-Prussian War was demonstrated by a world exhibition. Paris was a city of light for the first time. A great chess tournament took place in the exhibition hall from 17 June to 31 July 1878. The participation of George Henry Mackenzie and James Mason made it the first intercontinental tournament in Europe. Eleven double rounds were played. Wilhelm Steinitz was present as reporter for "The Field". 
The event was won by Szymon Winawer and Johannes Hermann Zukertort, who decided to share the first prize after they each won a play-off game. They drew twice, so another play-off was necessary. Zukertort won both games and gained the first prize. Mackenzie defeated Henry Edward Bird twice in the struggle for the fourth place.
Winners of the prizes were: Zukertort (1000 Frans + two Sèvres vases), Winawer (500 F + one vase), Joseph Henry Blackburne (1500 F), Mackenzie (1000 F), Bird (500 F), and the ill Adolf Anderssen (200 F). Zukertort’s vases were priced at 5800 Francs. He needed cash. It took three days until he could sell them much below the estimated value. 
The results and standings:

</doc>
<doc id="21381470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381470" title="Miss Latin America 1989">
Miss Latin America 1989

Miss América Latina 1989 was the sixth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the eighth overall. The final event was held on March 3, 1989 in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico. At the conclusion of the pageant, Suzanne Hannaux of El Salvador was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Lorenia Burruel of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="21381492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381492" title="Basilicata regional election, 1985">
Basilicata regional election, 1985

The Basilicata regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Gaetano Michetti was elected President of the Region.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381497" title="Death Penalty Information Center">
Death Penalty Information Center

The Death Penalty Information Center (abbreviated DPIC) is a non-profit organization that focuses on disseminating studies and reports related to the death penalty by itself and others to the news media and general public. The Center was founded in 1990 and is primarily focused on the application of capital punishment in the United States.
The Center is based in Washington, D.C., and its executive director is Richard Dieter.
Criticism.
The Center does not take an official position on the death penalty, but is widely recognized by the news media as an anti-death penalty group. According to the pro-death penalty prosecutor Steve Stewart, the DPIC is "probably the single most comprehensive and authoritative internet resource on the death penalty", but "this site makes absolutely no effort to present any pro-death penalty views, and liberally spreads propaganda and rhetoric on behalf of "the cause".
The DPIC also has been criticized for its list of exonerated death row inmates by Ward A. Campbell, a supervising deputy state attorney general in Sacramento, California, who argues that the list of exonerated inmates is dishonestly portrayed. His list of objections
In the majority of his objections, he does not challenge the factual innocence of the defendant, but argues that they should be excluded on other grounds unrelated to guilt.
Citation to the U.S. supreme court.
On, January 7, 2008, the Supreme Court of the United States heard oral arguments in "Baze v. Rees", a case challenging the three-drug cocktail used for many executions by lethal injection. The respondent's lawyer, Roy T. Englert, Jr., referred to the Death Penalty Information Center's list of "botched" executions. He criticized it because a majority of the executions on the list, according to respondent, "did not involve the infliction of pain, but were only delayed by technical problems ("e.g.", difficulty in finding a suitable vein)".

</doc>
<doc id="21381527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381527" title="Zollenspieker Ferry">
Zollenspieker Ferry

The Zollenspieker Ferry is a ferry across the Elbe river in Germany. It crosses between "Zollenspieker", a part of the quarter Kirchwerder of the Bergedorf borough of the city-state of Hamburg, and "Hoopte", part of the town Winsen (Luhe), in the state of Lower Saxony, and is about south-east of Hamburg city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="21381533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381533" title="Collie Martin">
Collie Martin

David Collie Martin, universally known as Collie Martin, (born 19 March 1890 in Brechin; died 26 March 1917 in Ypres, Belgium) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward. He started his career as a centre forward at Brechin City before moving on to Dundee in 1911. He only played a few games for Dundee before crossing the road to Tannadice where he made his name with Dundee Hibernian (Dundee United's name until 1923). He made his debut for Dundee Hibs on 16 August 1913, and over the course of the season scored 22 goals in Scottish Division 2 becoming the division's top scorer for 1913/14. 
His next season with Dundee Hibs was no less spectacular, where again he took the crown of Scottish Division 2 top scorer, this time with 30 goals, scoring 5 in one game against Albion Rovers. After starting season 1915/16 in a similar fashion, he volunteered for the Black Watch in November 1915. In total, he scored 80 goals in 92 games for Dundee Hibs in all competitions. However, his scoring talents were lost forever when he fell near Ypres on 26 March 1917. He had attained the rank of Corporal by the time of his death, and is buried in Railway Dugouts Burial Ground, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="21381539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381539" title="Benjamin Kruse (footballer)">
Benjamin Kruse (footballer)

Benjamin Kruse (born 4 May 1978 in Hamburg) is a retired German football player. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for Hamburger SV on 28 October 2000 when he came on as a substitute in the 63rd minute in a game against SpVgg Unterhaching.

</doc>
<doc id="21381546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381546" title="Belmont Heights (Tampa)">
Belmont Heights (Tampa)

Belmont Heights is a neighborhood within the district of East Tampa, which represents District 5 of the Tampa City Council. Demographically, The neighborhood did not report separately.
Geography.
Belmont Heights is located at latitude 27.992 north and longitude -82.425. The elevation is 52 feet above sea level. It's bounadries are roughly Southeast Seminole Heights(15th Street) to the west, Live Oaks Square (Hillsborough Avenue) to the north, Jackson Heights (30th Street) to the east, and V.M. Ybor and College Hill (21st Avenue)to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="21381549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381549" title="Florida East Coast Industries">
Florida East Coast Industries

Florida East Coast Industries (FECI) is an industrial holding company based in Coral Gables, Florida. At one time or another it was the parent company of the following subsidiaries:
History.
FECI traces its origins to the 1983 establishment of FOXX Holdings by St Joseph Paper Company. FOXX Holdings was renamed to FECI in April 2006. 
The company began operating independently of the St. Joe Company in 2000 when St. Joe shareholders were given FECI stock. 
In late 2007, in a move surprising to many employees and industry analysts, FECI announced it would be purchased by Fortress Investment Group, LLC for $3.5 billion. Fortress Investment Group had previously purchased short line railroad holding company RailAmerica and was primarily interested in FECI's railroad properties. John Giles was named chairman, and David Rohal was named president of FECI. Both men were also principals with major responsibilities at RailAmerica as well, although the ownership of FEC remained under FECI and was not linked corporately with RailAmerica. Similarly, the spinoff of RailAmerica as a publicly traded company and its subsequent sale to Genesee & Wyoming did not include FEC.

</doc>
<doc id="21381576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381576" title="Twain and Shaw Do Lunch">
Twain and Shaw Do Lunch

Twain and Shaw Do Lunch, formerly known as Shaw and Twain Do Lunch, was written by Chambers Stevens and will make its world premiere at Miami's New Theatre in December 2011. It is based on a real meeting between Mark Twain and George Bernard Shaw. The full-length comedic play has won the Fourteenth Annual Long Beach Playhouse New Works Festival in Long Beach, CA, the 2005 Palm Springs International Playwriting Festival for Best Comedy, and has also appeared in the Futurefest at the Dayton Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="21381580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381580" title="Basilicata regional election, 1990">
Basilicata regional election, 1990

The Basilicata regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than twice the share of vote of its main competitors, the Italian Communist Party, which had its worst result ever in a regional election, and the Italian Socialist Party, that gained its best result ever. After the election Christian Democrat Antonio Boccia was elected President of the Region.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381595" title="2000–01 Greek Cup">
2000–01 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 2000–01 was the 59th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
Tournament details.
Totally 50 teams participated, 16 from Alpha Ethniki, 16 from Beta, and 18 from Gamma. It was held in 6 rounds, included final. An Additional Round was held between First and Second, with 2 matches, in order that the teams would continue to be 16. In the First round, there were 8 groups with 6 teams each, while 2 teams qualified without matches in that phase.
For first time were established double matches in the phase of groups, thus each team played 10 matches. Because the phase began very early, in a period that teams should play preparation friendlies, the Hellenic Football Federation (EPO) allowed at the 5 first matches a maximum of 7 substitutions, something unusual in Greece, very probably and internationally, for matches of an official competition.
There were very interesting confrontations, after drawing elected "strong" pairs. In the Second round ("phase of 16") Olympiacos eliminated AEK Athens with two wins. The first match in Nikos Goumas Stadium awarded to Olympiacos 2–0 in cards, in an eventful match that was abandoned against "Enosis" and while the score was 1–1. In the second match, at Athens Olympic Stadium, Olympiacos home then, they shattered AEK Athens 6–1. In the same round, in Thessaloniki's derby between PAOK and Aris, the first qualified with a 1–1 draw and a 2–0 victory in second match. Remarkable in this phase was also the qualification of Panathinaikos against Panionios with score 7–2, while the first match between two teams had been ended 1–0 for Panionios.
In quarter-finals followed the conflict between Olympiacos and Panathinaikos. Afterwards undecided 1–1 in Athens Olympic Stadium, the "reds" triumphed 4–1 in Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium against their opponents. More shocking was the semi-final between Olympiacos and Iraklis. Olympiacos with two victories, 1–0 away and 5–4 in home, in an impressive match where 10 minutes before the end the score was 3–4, qualified in the Final.
There, they faced PAOK, after 9 years and for seventh totally time in a Greek Cup Final, that gaining the match 4–2 won the Cup 27 years afterwards their last success, in the same stadium against same opponent. The Final was held in Nikos Goumas Stadium, after draw that preceded between that and Lysandros Kaftanzoglou Stadium. The winner coach of fight, Dušan Bajević, became the first that won the trophy with three different teams, since were preceded AEK Athens in 1996 and Olympiacos in 1999.
First round.
The teams play each other in home and away.
Second round.
First legs were held on 10th-16 January-17th 2001 and second legs on 24th-30th-31st
+Without match.
Quarter-finals.
First legs were held on 7th-21 February 2001. Second legs were held on 7th-14 March-21st.
Semi-finals.
First legs were held on 4 April 2001, while second on 11th.
Final.
The 59th Greek Cup Final was played at the Nikos Goumas Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="21381625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381625" title="Crossley Hospital East">
Crossley Hospital East

Crossley Hospital East (founded 1905 as Crossley Sanatorium) is a former tuberculosis sanatorium situated on the outer edge of Delamere Forest in Cheshire near Northwich, within the township of Kingswood.
History.
Crossley Sanatorium opened in 1905 and operated as a sanatorium until the 1960s, when it became a care home for the elderly. It was built at the expense of Sir William Crossley, Bart., chairman of the board of management of the Hospital for Consumption and Diseases of the Throat and Chest, Manchester, and then donated to it. 100 beds were provided. During the later stages of its life, Crossley Hospital East was also used as a psychiatric hospital, and then spent the last years of its life as a boarding school. 
Since 1993 Crossley Hospital East has been completely abandoned and lies derelict to the north of Delamere Forest. The decline of the building was first documented by Ian Cooper, a photographer, graphic designer and film maker. He also produced the first ever photography exhibition based around a derelict building in the UK after 3 years researching the hospital, entitled; "No Longer Used; The Decay of Crossley Hospital East", which received coverage from the UK national press. Later the building was also documented by photographer Daniel Clark The former hospital has been recently converted into residential apartments and some of the original buildings have been demolished. The former mortuary is now called "Willow House". 
Television.
The hospital was featured on the TV programme "Ghost Hunting with Girls Aloud", where Yvette Fielding and the pop group Girls Aloud explored various parts of Crossley Hospital in search of ghosts. However, on the programme, the hospital was referred to simply as "the old abandoned hospital". 

</doc>
<doc id="21381648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381648" title="Francis John Lys">
Francis John Lys

Dr Francis John Lys (1863–1947) was a British lecturer and academic administrator. He was Provost of Worcester College, Oxford (1919–46) and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University from 1932 until 1935.
The elder son of F. D. Lys, of Highclere, Weymouth, Lys was educated at Sherborne School and Worcester College, Oxford, where he was a Scholar. He gained a first Class in Classical Honour Moderations in 1884, won the Chancellor's Prize for Latin Verse in 1885, and took a Second in Literae Humaniores in 1886. 
Lys was briefly an assistant master at Radley College from 1887 to 1888 before returning to Worcester in 1889 as a Lecturer. He went on to become a Fellow of the college, a Tutor, Senior Tutor, Bursar, and finally, from 1919 to 1946, Provost. He was the University's Senior Proctor for 1917–1918 and Vice-Chancellor, 1932–1935. 
In 1942, Lys purchased Brockleaze (otherwise known as Brockless Cottage) in Pullens Lane, Headington, a suburb to the east of Oxford, and renamed it "Pullen's Gate". The house was used by the armed forces during the Second World War. His wife lived in the house after his death until 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21381651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381651" title="Jan Sandmann">
Jan Sandmann

Jan Sandmann (born 3 May 1978 in Burg bei Magdeburg, East Germany) is a German former football player.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for Hamburger SV on 23 September 2000 when he came on as a substitute in the 67th minute in a game against VfL Wolfsburg. He also played in the UEFA Champions League qualification games against Brøndby IF that season, as well as UEFA Cup matches against A.S. Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="21381653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381653" title="Kamogawa Horumo">
Kamogawa Horumo

Story.
A group of Kyoto University students known as the “Kyoto University Azure Dragons”, participate in a game called "Horumo". It is an ancient game in which players control shikigami called “oni” and pit them against the oni of rival teams, reminiscent of Pokémon. Akira Abe is a freshman student who falls in love with a classmate named Kyoko, and blindly joins the club and plays the game to be closer to her. Ironically, Kyoko is interested in another club member, while Akira gains the attention of Fumi. The mysterious game started over 1,200 years ago in the Heian Period. Soon the 2,000 oni wage wars battles in the city of Kyoto.

</doc>
<doc id="21381654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381654" title="Nissan Juke">
Nissan Juke

The Nissan Juke is a Mini Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV) produced by the Japanese Automotive manufacturer Nissan since 2010. The production version made its debut at the 2010 Geneva Motor Show in March, and was introduced to North America at the 2010 New York International Auto Show.
On 11 February 2009 Nissan announced that the model would go into production at the Nissan Motor Manufacturing (UK) Ltd (NMUK) plant in Washington, UK, during 2010 following its appearance as the Nissan Qazana concept car at the 2009 Geneva Motor Show. The Washington plant manufactures for the European market, while Nissan's facility in Oppama, Japan, produces the vehicle for all other countries and is the sole supplier of the all-wheel drive variant. The car was launched in the UK on September 24, 2010.
In Japan, where the car was launched on 9 June 2010, orders totalled 10,943 units in its first month, surpassing Nissan's monthly target of 1,300 by a wide margin. By 5 October 2010, Japanese sales had increased to 20,000 while European and US figures also exceeded expectations with orders for 30,000 and 17,500 cars taken for the respective markets.
In 2014, at the International Auto Show in Geneva, Nissan unveiled the revised Nissan Juke for 2015 model year, that is set to go on sale in the summer of 2014. The Juke will serve as the basis for the Infiniti QX30 and the Juke will be sold in China as the rebadged Infiniti ESQ.
Design.
The Juke was designed at Nissan Design Europe in London and refined at Nissan's Design Centre in Japan. It is based on the Nissan B platform.
Styling.
The car's profile is dominated by the prominent wheel arches and the body's high waistline which contrast with the slim side windows, which is a modern interpretation of "coke bottle styling" popular during the 1960s and 1970s. Echoing a style first seen on the Maxima, Nissan's high performance electric coupé concept shown at the 2007 Frankfurt Auto Show, the glasshouse resembles a crash helmet visor. A coupé-like appearance is achieved by the rear door handles being located near the C-pillars, within the window frame. Locating the rear door handles is a Nissan styling tradition, begun with the 1985 Nissan Pathfinder. The sport motif continues inside with the red- or grey-painted centre console bearing similarity to a motorcycle fuel tank. 
The front end features a stacked array of lights. Running lamps and indicators are mounted atop the front wings, their lenses visible from inside the cabin as an aid to manoeuvring. Below them, under the lower edges of an expansive, curved grille, the main headlamps are intended to be reminiscent of those fitted to rally cars during the 1960s and 1970s. Where fitted, fog lamps are situated on a third level within the sump guard at the bottom.
Cabin.
The Juke features seating for 5 (2 in front, 3 in back). The rear seats have a 60/40 split and can be folded down independently in order to carry larger objects. The rear cargo area is small but features additional storage beneath the floor (front wheel drive models only).
Dashboard.
The steering column instrumentation cluster features a tachometer, speedometer, and a small display between them that displays real-time fuel efficiency, odometer, and trip odometer.
The center portion of the dash contains the radio and the I-CON control (if so equipped—see below). Depending on market and trim level the Juke may be equipped with: iPod or USB connectivity, GPS navigation, rear-view camera, and bluetooth audio.
A somewhat deep glovebox on the passenger side houses an iPod connector (if so equipped).
I-CON.
Common to all but base models is Nissan's Integrated Control System, dubbed I-CON: a command module that sits in the lower dashboard, which manages both the climate control and the vehicle's drive mode (Normal, Sport or Eco). Its display and nomenclature change according to the function selected. Among the available display data are fuel efficiency stats, real-time G-force measurements, and turbo boost pressure.
Models.
Juke.
The original Juke serves as the base model for the other Juke models. The Juke has different trim designations depending on international markets.
Juke Nismo.
New for 2013, the NISMO version differs from the base Juke in styling changes to the bumpers and skirts, interior styling, modified suspension and steering, wheels, an unspecified "torque vectoring" option, and engine tuning. The engine is rated at and of torque. For the American Market there is also a higher-end Nismo RS variant, with upgraded standard equipment (Recaro front seats, carbon fiber). The engine is upgraded to and .
The New York Times review was generally positive, but: "About that styling: I love it, but you might hate it. ... The face is dominated by bug-eye headlamps, and the running lights bulge up above the hood such that they’re in the driver’s line of sight. At night, the effect is of large bioluminescent slugs lounging atop the front fenders. Admittedly, it’s more appealing than I’m making it sound." 
Juke-R.
The Juke-R is a limited production run Juke with a Nissan GT-R's VR engine that boasts . Nissan has recently announced a total of 21 Juke-Rs will be produced with the 2013 GT-R's running gear and performance stats.
Marketing.
In August 2013, Nissan launched a commercial for the Juke, featuring Stormtroopers from the "Star Wars" series.
Reaction.
Reviews regarding the Nissan Juke have mainly been somewhat positive with the vehicle's unconventional styling regarded as a matter of personal taste. Many regard the tight interior dimensions as a negative.

</doc>
<doc id="21381660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381660" title="Molise regional election, 1970">
Molise regional election, 1970

The Molise regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than three times the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Carlo Vitale was elected President of the Region. In 1973 Vitale was replaced by Giustino D'Uva.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381664" title="Anatole Feldman">
Anatole Feldman

Anatole France Feldman is primarily known as a pulp magazine writer from the late-'20s to the late-'30s. He specialized in gangland fiction, appearing primarily in Harold Hersey's gang pulps, "Gangster Stories", "Racketeer Stories", and "Gangland Stories". He also appeared in the rival magazines, "Gun Molls" and "The Underworld".
His best-known creation is Chicago gangster Big Nose Serrano. Big Nose began as a pastiche of the 1897 Edmond Rostand play, "Cyrano de Bergerac". Serrano's homely nose made him an unlikely romantic hero who thus composed love poetry for a better-looking associate. The plot and characters of the first Big Nose story, "Serrano of the Stockyards" ("Gangster Stories", May 1930), roughly follow the corresponding elements in the play. Serrano's overwhelming popularity with readers brought him back for further adventures. The stories are unrelentingly violent, and often intentionally amusing, providing a unique fictional take on Chicago's gangland and the latter years of Prohibition. Feldman ended up publishing twelve of the Serrano adventures from 1930-35 in "Gangster Stories", "Greater Gangster Stories", and "The Gang Magazine". As the series progressed, the Cyrano angle was dropped, and Serrano became an unlikely crusader against the social ills of the Depression, albeit applying the gangster's methods of violence, kidnapping, and murder to the problems.
He stirred up a lot of controversy with the readers of Gangster Stories, with his novelette "Gangsters vs. Gobs," a story that improbably pitted the underworld against the Navy. The controversy filled the letters column for several issues.
Feldman also wrote under a number of pennames, including Tony Fields, A.F. Fields, and similar derivations. In 1930-31, he co-edited the short-lived adventure pulp, "Far East Adventure Stories". Writing under a Standard Magazines house name, he authored some of the lead novels in "The Phantom Detective".
He was married to fellow pulp-writer Hedwig Langer, who published under the names H.C. Langer and Beech Allen. In the '40s, they co-wrote plays. Feldman's first performed play had been "The Red Thirst" in 1920.
In the '40s, Feldman edited comic books for Hillman. Rocket Comics and Miracle Comics. Later that year he switched to editing true-crime and true confessions magazines for Hillman. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381669" title="J Hudson &amp; Co">
J Hudson &amp; Co

J Hudson & Co was founded in the 1870s in Birmingham by Joseph Hudson (1848–1930) and his brother James Hudson (1850–1888). The company became a manufacturer of whistles and continues as Acme Whistles. Acme is the world’s largest and most famous producer of whistles. They are headquartered in the Jewellery Quarter district of Birmingham, England.
History.
The company was family-run for over 100 years and three generations; Joseph Hudson's son, James Clifford Hudson and his grandson, Leon Clifford Hudson ran the company after Joseph retired. As of 2014 Acme Whistles, is owned and managed by Simon Topman.
1883–1908.
Joseph Hudson started working at the age of 12. He moved to Bent & Parker, a maker of army supplies and whistles in Birmingham. In 1870, aged 22, he started his own business with younger brother James.
In 1883 Hudson began tinkering in his toolshed to make gadgets to sell, including whistles. After observing local police struggling to communicate with rattles, he realised that his whistle could be used as a tool. As the story goes, Hudson, a violin player, accidentally dropped his violin and it shattered on the floor. Observing how the discordant sound of the breaking strings travelled, Hudson had the idea to put a pea in the whistle. This gave it an ear splitting rattle that could grab attention even a mile away. After a demonstration at Scotland Yard, Hudson had his first sale.
This 1884 contract with the police gradually made Hudson the largest whistle manufacturer for British Empire Police and other general services. By the 1890s, Hudson faced the rise of many competitor makers and companies.
Highlights of early company history include:
By 1908, Hudson and De Courcy were the two major whistle makers in England.
1909–1930.
Starting 1909 at a new facility in northern Birmingham at 244 Barr St., Hudson expanded to more markets in Europe and overseas, with an office in Paris, a large 1910 French catalogue, and new connections with United States sporting goods companies and distributors. Hudson was left with just one British competitor, A De Courcy & Co, from 1909 to 1927.
In 1927 Hudson purchased A De Courcy's patent rights, tools and stock. Hudson became the world's largest maker, gaining the Thunderer Registered Trademark. The Acme Thunderer whistle and its variations became the world's best-selling whistle.
During this period, 1925 to 1930, three generations of the Hudson family ran the business together. This was the end of the golden age of whistle making.
1930–2000.
At the beginning of this period the company faced competition from whistles made of tin, plastic and cast base metal materials made in Germany, Japan, USA and other countries.
On 26 October 1940, the factory received a direct hit from a German air raid. No one was injured, but the factory suffered major damage. Air Raid Precautions whistles were made during the next few years and dated whistles for army, navy and Royal Air Force equipment and for Civil Defence.
In 1949 the firm was re-constituted as J. Hudson & Co. (Whistles) Ltd. Leon C. Hudson became its first managing director.
The 1950s and 60s marked growing demand for Hudson sports whistles, Olympics and other sport events on five continents.
In 1957 A. R. Topman became an assistant general manager, and about 40 years later his son, Simon Topman, became the owner and the managing director of the company, starting the fourth period of company developments.
2000–present.
The factory name was changed to Acme Whistles and makes about 5 million whistles each year. It continues to register new patents for whistles. The period was marked with growing competition from far east and Chinese manufacturers.
They have made over a billion whistles altogether. In addition to the "Thunderer", they make varieties of bird calls, dog calls, safety whistles, sports whistles and party whoopers.
Patents, registered designs and trademarks.
Registered Designs
Registered Trademarks
Models and whistle types.
While many makers concentrated on limited variety, J Hudson & Co made a wide variety of common whistle types, including bird calls, dog calls, fox calls and musical whistles as well as sound effects, slide whistles and novelty combination whistles. Some models, such as the "Thunderer" Escargot-type and the "Metropolitan" general service whistle have been popular throughout most of the company's history.
Hudson was the only maker in the United Kingdom to use wood horn, Bakelite, plastic and silver, while competitors other than James Dixon & Sons were working solely with metal or other materials.
Body stamps.
Hudson stamped addresses and other marks on many of its whistles. Marked ervice whistles have been used by many police forces, railway companies, fire brigades and other organisations. The stamps supply an easy tool for dating the item. Address stamps are more commonly found on the GSWs than other types. Notable body stamps include:

</doc>
<doc id="21381674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381674" title="Paola Pivi">
Paola Pivi

Paola Pivi (b. 1971 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian multimedia artist who lives and works in Anchorage, Alaska. In her work, she uses a wide range of art techniques, such as photography, sculpture and performance. Some of her works contain performance elements, at times involving live animals and people. In 1999, she received "Golden Lion Award" at the Venice Biennale.

</doc>
<doc id="21381676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381676" title="PAPA syndrome">
PAPA syndrome

PAPA syndrome is an acronym for pyogenic arthritis, pyoderma gangrenosum and acne. It is a rare genetic disorder characterised by its effects on skin and joints.
Genetics.
PAPA syndrome is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, which means that if one parent is affected, there is a 100% chance that a child will inherit the disease from an homozygous affected parent, and a 50% chance that a
child will inherit the disease from an affected heterozygous parent.
Recently the responsible gene has been identified on Chromosome 15. Two mutations have been found in a protein called CD2 binding protein 1 (CD2BP1).
This protein is part of an inflammatory pathway associated with other autoinflammatory diseases such as familial Mediterranean fever, Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D with recurrent fever, Muckle-Wells syndrome, neonatal onset multisystem inflammatory disease and familial cold urticaria.
Diagnosis.
Clinical features along with the familial tendency may be enough to make a diagnosis. Genetic testing may also be used.
Clinical Features.
It usually begins with arthritis at a young age, with the skin changes more prominent from the time of puberty.
The arthritis is the predominant feature, noted by its juvenile onset and destructive course. Individuals often recall episodes of arthritis precipitated by a traumatic event. With repeated episodes the joints become damaged with multiple joint replacements required. Hopefully with improved treatment options the damage will be limited in new cases.
Pyoderma gangrenosum is variably expressed, which means that it is not always present in all individuals with the disease. It presents as poorly healing ulcers with undermined edges. Pathergy is an important feature (this term refers to the tendency of ulcers to arise at points of injury). There are reports of lesions developing at the site of a joint replacement wound, central venous line and intravenous drip insertion.
Acne affects most individuals with PAPA syndrome but to a variable degree. It is usually of a severe nodulocystic type which if untreated results in scarring.
Treatment.
Acne treatment may require oral tetracycline antibiotics or isotretinoin. Treatments directed at tumour necrosis factor (TNF) (infliximab, etanercept) and interleukin-1 (anakinra) have shown a good response in resistant arthritis and pyoderma gangrenosum. Other traditional immunosuppressant treatments for arthritis or pyoderma gangrenosum may also be used.

</doc>
<doc id="21381681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381681" title="Hilldale Park">
Hilldale Park

Hilldale Park was a ballpark in Darby, Pennsylvania at the corner of Chester and Cedar Avenues. It was the home field of the Hilldale Daisies professional baseball team which played in the Negro Leagues between 1910 and 1932. The ballpark opened in 1914. It is said to have had a well-manicured field. A large tree stood in center-field, the branches of which overlooked the field and were considered in play.
Hilldale's average attendance at Hilldale Park was 1,844 per-game in 1926 and 1,371 in 1929.
Contemporary Honors and Celebrations.
Historical Marker
On October 14, 2006, over 500 individuals gathered for the dedication of a Pennsylvania Historical marker at the former site of the ballpark. The ceremony was attended by Philadelphia Phillies hitting coach Milt Thompson, former Phillies player Garry Maddox, and Gene Dias, Phillies director of community relations. Also attending were the four living members of the Negro League Philadelphia Stars, Bill Cash, Mahlon Duckett, Stanley Glenn, and Harold Gould, and Ray Mackey, great grandnephew of former Hilldale and Stars player Biz Mackey. Area businessman John Bossong led the effort for the historical marker. 
The marker is titled, "The Hilldale Athletic Club (The Darby Daisies)" and the text reads, 
This baseball team, whose home was here at Hilldale Park, won the Eastern Colored League championship three times and the 1925 Negro League World Series. Darby fielded Negro League teams from 1910 to 1932. Notable players included baseball hall of fame members Pop Lloyd, Judy Johnson, Martin Dihigo, Joe Williams, Oscar Charleston, Ben Taylor, Biz Mackey, and Louis Santop. Owner Ed Bolden helped form the Eastern Colored League. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381687" title="Creme Egg Twisted">
Creme Egg Twisted

The Cadbury Creme Egg Twisted is a chocolate bar produced by Cadbury UK in the United Kingdom. It is a milk chocolate bar with a filling of Cadbury Creme Egg fondant. Introduced in 2008, it was a result of Cadbury researching that customers wanted the Creme Egg to be available all year, mainly for the fondant center rather than the egg shape. Previously, the fondant Creme Egg center was available as a filling in the Cadbury Dairy Milk line, but that has since then been phased out with the Creme Egg Twisted replacing it.
During 2011, the bar was introduced to Australia, but was pulled from stores several months later due to low popularity.
The bar was recently introduced in Canada and New Zealand.
Advertising.
In May 2008, an advertisement screened on ITV and Channel 4 in the United Kingdom, featured in various ways a creme egg being melted while still in its wrapper (there were various versions of the commercial), only to mutate into a Twisted while yelling "Goo!" at random intervals, before repeating the word again when the advert finishes.
Types.
Creme Egg Twisted
• Milk chocolate with a soft fondant Creme Egg centre
• Launched 2007, discontinued 2012, secretly relaunched 2013 and discontinued again.
• Currently discontinued
Creme Egg Twisted Minis
• A small chocolate parcel with a soft fondant Creme Egg filling
• Launched 2009 
• Currently available, exclusive to Cadbury Heroes.
What Happened?
Sadly, Cadbury decided to discontinue the Creme Egg Twisted to make room for other new chocolate bars. The Creme Egg Twisted proved the least popular Cadbury bar on sale and reduced Creme Egg sales at Easter time. Many Creme Egg fans have been saddened by the disappearance of this bar and have been nagging Cadbury to bring it back.

</doc>
<doc id="21381688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381688" title="Crossley Hospital">
Crossley Hospital

Crossley Hospital might refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="21381691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381691" title="Manchester Friends of the Earth">
Manchester Friends of the Earth

Manchester Friends of the Earth is an award-winning environmental campaign group working on causes relating to the environment and to social justice. They campaign on issues with a local connection, and also lobby for policy changes at the local, regional, national and international levels. They work on a diverse range of topics including climate change, corporate responsibility, real food, trade justice, sustainable transport & aviation and waste & recycling. 
The group consists entirely of volunteers, and the campaigns are funded entirely by membership, individual donations and charitable grants. 
Manchester FoE is part of a national network of local groups who are affiliated to Friends of the Earth (EWNI) (England, Wales and Northern Ireland).

</doc>
<doc id="21381695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381695" title="John Handegard">
John Handegard

John Handegard (born May 18, 1938) is a professional ten-pin bowler who has spent time on both the PBA Tour and the PBA Senior Tour. He is the all-time leader in Senior Tour titles with 14, and is a three-time PBA Senior Player of the Year (1991, 1995 and 1996). On January 24, 2009, Handegard became the first inductee into the newly launched PBA Senior Hall of Fame. He is also a 2010 inductee to the USBC Hall of Fame in the Veterans category.
Handegard made PBA history at the 1995 Northwest Classic, when he defeated PBA Hall of Famer Mark Williams, 278-247, to become the oldest player (57 years, 55 days) to ever win a regular PBA Tour event. That eclipsed the 30-year old mark set by Buzz Fazio, who won a December 1964 PBA tournament at age 56.

</doc>
<doc id="21381719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381719" title="Supercult">
Supercult

Supercult.com is an alternative pornography or alt-porn website, started by Chase Lisbon in early 2001. Lisbon took his psedudonym from the 1993 Jeffrey Eugenides' novel "The Virgin Suicides". 
Concept and launch.
Chase Lisbon started the site with little knowledge of web design or photography, and originally featured a small group of models- mostly friends and acquaintances. Lisbon's concept of artfully done photographs of amateur models, some with piercings and tattoos, diverged from the typical porn sites of the time. Supercult's female-friendly and "hipster" aesthetic quickly caught on, and sites such as Suicide Girls and Burning Angel launched shortly after. Early photo sets on Supercult featured models in their own bedrooms with their own clothing and props. Some sets focused around a theme which was often humorous, such as models posing with Star Wars figures and Memorabilia, or dressed as a (sexy) French mime. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381723" title="Bab Ksiba">
Bab Ksiba

Bab Ksiba (, "") is one of the nineteen gates of Marrakech, Morocco. It was built in the 12th century in the time of the Almohad dynasty.
The name Ksiba, (pronounced "Lak- siba"), in Berber refers to the Kasbah district of the Medina, where this gateway is located. Kasbah means "Fortress" where Ksiba means literally "Little-Fort". 
To the left of Bab Ksiba (as shown in the photograph) stands an ancient "Eucalyptus" tree. 
The function of the Bab Ksiba gate provides access to the southern end of the Kasbah district of the Medina. The first citadel of the Sultans of Morocco.
This makes obvious sense when one considers "the big gate to the Kasbah" found at the Kasbah districts northern end is Bab Agnaou, a highly decorated gate, the corner-pieces decorated with floral decorations extending around a shell. This ornamentation is framed by three panels and on these panels is an inscription from the Quran in Maghribi, foliated Kufic letters, which were also used in Al-Andalus. Bab Agnaou was renovated and its opening reduced in size, during the reign of sultan Mohammed ben Abdallah. Forerunners of this horseshoe-shaped gate with its corner-pieces, framed by inscriptions from the Quran can be found in the Mezquita in Córdoba.
Bab Ksiba and Bab Agnaou gives entrance to the royal kasbah in the southern part of the medina of Marrakech a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a favorite location for Tourist Accommodation within the Medina. The kasbah, built by the Almohad sultan Yaqub al-Mansour, is the site of El Mansouria (the kasbah mosque), the El Badi Palace and the Saadian Tombs.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21381727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381727" title="Molise regional election, 1975">
Molise regional election, 1975

The Molise regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining almost than three times the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Giustino D'Uva was elected President of the Region, but as soon as in 1976 he was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Florindo D'Aimmo.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381749" title="Kimmo Pikkarainen">
Kimmo Pikkarainen

Kimmo Pikkarainen (born December 19, 1976 in Helsinki) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the team HKm Zvolen in Slovak Extraliga.

</doc>
<doc id="21381761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381761" title="Jacek Dembiński">
Jacek Dembiński

Jacek Dembiński (born 20 December 1969 in Poznań) is a retired Polish football player.

</doc>
<doc id="21381768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381768" title="Darchau Ferry">
Darchau Ferry

The Darchau Ferry is a ferry across the Elbe river in Germany. It crosses between Darchau and Neu Darchau, both in the state of Lower Saxony, and is about south-east of the city of Hamburg. The ferry boat currently in operation is the "Tanja" (ex "Waal", ex "Wijkse Veer").
General information.
The ferry itself was built in 1959 at the Scheepswerf en Machinefabriek H. J. Koopman in Dordrecht, Netherlands, and placed in service on 26 March 1960 as the "Waal". From 1960 to 1974 it was operated by the Dutch municipality of Tiel. In 1974 the boat was taken over by the municipality of Wijk bij Duurstede. It ran there under the name of "Wijkse Veer" until 1993. Since 1993 the boat has been run as the "Tanja Ferry" by the municipality of Neu Darchau. It replaced a smaller double-ended ferry of the same name that became the reserve ferry in Neu Darchau in 1997.
Technical information.
"Tanja" is an open, double-ended ferry with ramps at both ends. The wheelhouse is located on a bridge in the centre above the vehicle deck. The ferry has a total length of 45.9 metres, a width of 12.1 metres and a draught of 0.7 metres. Its usable transport length is 30.9 metres, its carrying capacity 140 tonnes. Up to 21 vehicles or 200 passengers may be carried. The highest weight for a single vehicle is 40 tonnes. The ferry has a top speed of 14 km/h. It is powered by two Scania diesel engines that each drive a Voith Schneider Propeller.

</doc>
<doc id="21381776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381776" title="Teddy Air">
Teddy Air

Teddy Air AS was a regional airline, based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen, in Norway. Operating between 1989 and 2004, the company operated Britten-Norman Islander, Embraer 110 and Saab 340 aircraft. The company started by providing a scheduled service between Skien and Oslo in 1990, followed by services to Stavanger in 1993 and Bergen in 1994. In 1996, it won a contract with the Ministry of Transport from Oslo to Fagernes. It was involved in intense competition with other regional airlines, notably Coast Air and Guard Air, following the deregulation of the aviation market. It also had a single international service to Gothenburg, and from 1999 it served Stord Airport, Sørstokken. From 1999, the company was transformed to a virtual airline, which wet leased aircraft from Golden Air. The company ceased operations in 2004.
History.
Establishment.
In April 1988, Norwegian regional airline Norving terminated all scheduled services in Southern Norway. As a consequence, airports such as Skien Airport, Geiteryggen, were left without an airline and services to the capital, Oslo. Teddy Air was subsequently established as a Skien-based company to provide an air route between Skien and Oslo Airport, Fornebu. Founded by Harald Sørensen in 1989, the largest owners were Skien Business Development Fund and Telemark Business Development Fund. It would provide four round trips with a Britten-Norman Islander. The company stated that it needed 8,000 passengers annually to cover costs, with the ticket price set at about 500 Norwegian krone (NOK). The fiercest competition would come from the Vestfold Line of the Norwegian State Railways, where a train from Skien to Oslo ran each hour. The three-hour train trip cost NOK 167, compared to the 25-minute flight. Concession was granted by the Ministry of Transport and Communications in August 1989, but the airline did not commence operations until 18 July 1990. 
In Grenland, the metropolitan area surrounding Skien, there was a lot of opposition to the airline, and several local businesspeople claimed that it would be better if Norsk Air was awarded the contract, or Skien Airport was closed and locals instead used the nearby Sandefjord Airport, Torp. Norsk Air stated that it would not be possible for them to make money on the Skien–Oslo route; despite that, it operated from Skien to Bergen Airport, Flesland and Stavanger Airport, Sola. In 1993, Norsk Air announced that it would no longer fly from Skien, and would focus all their operations at Sandefjord. Teddy Air subsequently took over the Stavanger route, while the Bergen route was granted to Air Stord, despite Teddy Air having applied for the concession. In 1994, the company had a revenue of NOK 7.5 million, and a NOK 1 million profit.
Expansion.
Following the deregulation of the airline market in 1994, which allowed any European Economic Area-airline to operate any route they wished, Teddy Air tried to start services at Moss Airport, Rygge. Since it at the time was the military-only Rygge Air Station, with no passenger facilities, the airline was not successful in receiving permission. However, it did choose to start competing with Air Stord on the Skien–Bergen route, starting 8 May 1995. Using its Embraer 110 aircraft, it launched tickets for under NOK 1000, compared with the NOK 1290 price offered by Air Stord. The latter had aircraft half the size, but offered 31 flights per week, compared to the 16 offered by Teddy Air. In addition, Coast Air launched two weekly round trips. The routes were mainly used by commuters working on offshore oil platforms in the North Sea. By 1995, 60 percent of the airline had been bought by Hermann Løvenskiold.
In 1996, the company won the first public service obligation tender that was issued by the Ministry of Transport and Communications. Starting 1 August, Teddy Air started serving Fagernes Airport, Leirin, with routes to Oslo and Bergen. The contract gave a subsidy of NOK 23.7 million for three years, and was 15 percent lower than what Coast Air had been receiving. On 20 May 1997, Teddy Air started its first international route, from Stavanger to Gothenburg in Sweden.
After the 1998 opening of Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, which is located north of Oslo, both Teddy Air and Guard Air announced they would start routes to the new airport. Both established six daily round trips—Teddy Air using an Embraer 110 and Guard Air using a Dornier 228. The new airport would make driving to the Oslo Airport about an hour longer from Grenland, and both airlines hoped to create a feeder service. Teddy Air withdrew from the route after one month, after having lost more than NOK 1 million.
In February 1999, Air Stord filed for bankruptcy. On 21 February, Teddy Air launched a route between Stord Airport, Sørstokken, and Oslo, using Saab 340 aircraft. This allowed four daily round trips during the week, and two on Sundays. Other airlines saw the route as attractive, and Coast Air launched eight daily round trips between the two airports. Teddy Air was soon forced to withdraw from the route, after it was unable to make any profits from it. The Fagernes routes were lost from 1 August 1999, when the contract was won by Widerøe.
Virtual airline.
Following the steep decline in routes, the company was reorganized into a virtual airline in 1999. All operations were taken over by the Swedish airline Golden Air, who would operate the Saab 340 aircraft. At the same time, Golden Air bought half of Teddy Air. In October, Coast Air announced that they had too few aircraft to continue flying from Stord, and would terminate operations. Teddy Air became the only airline to serve Stord. 1999 returned a loss of NOK 6.9 million. In 2004, Teddy Air terminated all services. The contract with Golden Air was discontinued, and the hangar at Geiteryggen was sold. The company remained on paper until 2005, when the equity was gone and the entity was dissolved.
Destinations.
The following is a list of destinations served by Teddy Air:

</doc>
<doc id="21381787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381787" title="John Hely-Hutchinson">
John Hely-Hutchinson

John Hely-Hutchinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21381795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381795" title="Molise regional election, 1980">
Molise regional election, 1980

The Molise regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than three times the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Florindo D'Aimmo, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, was re-elected, but he was replaced by Giustino D'Uva in 1982 and later by Ulderico Colagiovanni in 1984.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381796" title="Growler (vehicle)">
Growler (vehicle)

The M1161 Growler is an Internally Transportable-Light Strike Vehicle (ITV-LSV) designed specifically for use with the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft. Fulfilling multiple roles of Light Utility, Light Strike and Fast Attack vehicle, it is smaller than most international vehicles in the same role. The Growler has taken over duties of the M151 Jeep variants and completely replaced the Interim Fast Attack Vehicle (IFAV). The United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) has expressed interest in a modified version. A separate Marine variant, the M1163 Prime Mover is a combination 120mm mortar and integral ammunition trailer.
Development for the Growler began in 1999 by American Growler when the Marine Corps sought a vehicle that could be transported in a V-22 Osprey. Though the initial design used elements and parts from the drive train of the M151 MUTT which it was intended to replace, the final design featured entirely new parts and systems to allow it to fulfill its mission. This included allowing it to fit within the confines of a V-22's cargo bay. No major components from the M151 design are used in the manufacture of the M1161 or M1163 variant. Initial engineering of the M1161 is most closely related to American Growler's commercial UV 100 DB off-road vehicle. Manufacture of the Growler variants was later transferred to General Dynamics facilities but are otherwise identical. 
Two different versions of the Growler were developed; the M1161 scout/reconnaissance version, and the M1163 Expeditionary Fire Support System (EFSS) towed heavy 120mm mortar Prime Mover variant. A separate ammunition trailer, the M1162 was dropped from design and its duties incorporated into the M1163. The M1161 scout variant is armed with either a M2HB .50cal BMG Machine Gun, M240G 7.62mm MG or Mk19 40mm Automatic Grenade Launcher. The 120mm mortar used by the M1163 is the French RT-120, deployed by United States forces as the M327 Dragon Fire. The Growler's central role of cross-country scout and aerially-deployed forward unit has led to further modifications, including use of the rifled Precision Extended Range Munition (PERM) system.
The initial contract for the ITV system was awarded to American Growler in 2004. By 2008, unit cost had risen by 120%, leaving each Growler scout variant with a cost of $209,000 per unit. The Prime Mover mortar contract price rose by 86%, to $1,078,000 cost per unit. The first Growlers were deployed to Marine units in January 2009 for field testing, one year beyond the contracted delivery date. By August 2011, 209 M1161s and 102 M1163s had been produced, with 42 additional M1163s on order. Though technically operational, neither variant has seen combat deployment due to concerns of survivability and serviceability. Problems with M1161 and M1163's throttle system were identified in May 2012 following an accident at MCB Camp Pendleton, California. The entire vehicle fleet was grounded, pending repair.

</doc>
<doc id="21381822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381822" title="Malla Nunn">
Malla Nunn

Malla Nunn is an award-winning screenwriter and author, who was born in Swaziland. Her works include the murder mystery, "A Beautiful Place to Die", and "Let the Dead Lie".

</doc>
<doc id="21381823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381823" title="Blaqstarr">
Blaqstarr

Charles Smith (born September 1985), better known as Blaqstarr or DJ Blaqstarr, is a Baltimore, Maryland area rapper, singer, producer and DJ. He is best known for his work with M.I.A..
Biography.
Blaqstarr had local success in the early 2000s with the songs "Get My Gun", "Ryda Girl", "Jiggle It", "Hands Up Thumbs Down" and "Feel It In the Air", released via Starr Productions. In 2005, he contributed songs such as "Tote It" to the album "Operation Playtime" and the songs "Supastarr" and "So Horney" to the album "Baltimore Club 9". In December 2005, M.I.A. travelled to America to work with Blaqstarr on her second album, telling "The Observer", "I arrived at 9 am and he'd been arrested at seven; he was still up from the night before. That's his studio, and it's got a washer-dryer in the back and a sofa bed, that's his whole set-up; that's why he doesn't make it out of Baltimore." "Shake It to The Ground" featured Rye Rye, an affiliate of Blaqstarr's in Baltimore, became a club hit in 2006. Blaqstarr introduced Rye Rye to M.I.A. after the singer asked for a meeting, leading to both touring with the artist and collaborations on her album "Kala" which lead to wide recognition. His EP "Supastarr" was released, its first single being the rereleased "Shake It To the Ground" for which a music video was made, and another EP, titled "Shake It To the Ground" was also released in 2007.
In January 2008, Blaqstarr released the album "King of Roq". He toured with Diplo, M.I.A. and Rye Rye, and participated in the Rock the Bells tour. He also produced and recorded tracks with M.I.A., Mos Def, Switch and Rye Rye. In June 2008, he contributed a track to the album "Hollertronix 8", along with DJ Sega.
In early 2009, Blaqstarr released a single in collaboration with the DJ Diplo titled "Get Off". M.I.A. and Blaqstarr released a song and video "Way Down in the Hole" following him signing to the N.E.E.T. Recordings record label. He also produced some of the tracks for the 2009 K-Swift album "Greatest Hits".
In 2009, Blaqstarr was chosen to perform at the People's Inaugural Ball in Washington D.C., one of the unofficial pre-inaugural events which took place in the days leading up to the inauguration of Barack Obama.
Blaqstarr was on the lineup for the SXSW Festival, which took place in Austin, Texas, from March 13 to 22, 2009.
He released an EP entitled "The Divine" on January 25, 2011. It includes six songs: "All The World", "Rider Girl", "Oh My Darlin'", "Divine", "Wonder Women" and "Turning Out".
Critical reception.
Music critic Chris Richards of "The Washington Post", in reviewing the 2008 recording "I'm Bangin' 2", wrote, "If Blaqstarr's hallucinogenic odes to sex, drugs and Baltimore don't make him a legend in his day, they should certainly cement his cult status in some dystopian future." "Billboard" wrote, regarding "King of Roq", "Much of the music sounds like standard hip-hop fare but sped up to Alvin & the Chipmunks speed; it's fast, furious and dirty."

</doc>
<doc id="21381829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381829" title="Bart syndrome">
Bart syndrome

Bart syndrome is a genetic disorder characterized by the association of congenital localized absence of skin, epidermolysis bullosa, lesions of the mouth mucosa, and dystrophic nails.
Genetics.
The disease is inherited by autosomal dominant transmission with complete penetrance but variable expression. This means that children of an affected parent that carries the gene have a 50% chance of developing the disorder, although the extent to which they are affected is variable.
Bart syndrome is caused by ultrastructural abnormalities in the anchoring fibrils. Genetic linkage of the inheritance of the disease points to the region of chromosome 3 near the collagen, type VII, alpha 1 gene (COL7A1).

</doc>
<doc id="21381835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381835" title="Karl Pitschel">
Karl Pitschel

Karl (Carl) Pitschel (1829 – 29 January 1883) was an Austrian chess master.
He took 4th at Krefeld 1871 (the 9th Western DSB Congress, Louis Paulsen won), took 4th at Leipzig 1871 (the 1st Middle DSB Congress, Adolf Anderssen won), took 5th at Altona 1872 (the 3rd Northern DSB Congress, Anderssen won), took 12th in the Vienna 1873 chess tournament (Wilhelm Steinitz and Joseph Henry Blackburne won), shared 1st with Anderssen and Carl Goering at Leipzig 1876 (the 2nd MDSB Congress), took 12th in the Paris 1878 chess tournament (Johannes Zukertort and Szymon Winawer won), and tied for 6–7th at Leipzig 1879 (the 1st DSB Congress, Berthold Englisch won). Pitschel withdrew after three rounds and his games were not counted in the official results at Berlin 1881 (the 2nd DSB Congress).

</doc>
<doc id="21381859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381859" title="176th meridian west">
176th meridian west

The meridian 176° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 176th meridian west forms a great circle with the 4th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 176th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21381864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381864" title="Christian Sivebæk">
Christian Sivebæk

Christian Sivebæk (born 19 February 1988) is a Danish professional footballer who currently plays for Vejle Boldklub.
He is son of the former Denmark international, John Sivebæk.
Career.
Club.
Sivebæk began his youth career with Vejle Boldklub . In 2005 he signed his first professional contract with FC Midtjylland and made his first team debut with the club in 2006. He made his Danish Superliga debut on August 6, 2006, replacing Claus Madsen in a 2-5 victory at the grounds of his former club Vejle. During the 2007 season he was sent on loan to Skive IK to gain more experience. The following season he returned to Midtjylland and began to display some of his great potential. On March 23, 2008 he scored his first goal for Midtjylland, in 3-2 defeat at Aalborg.
On January 11, 2012 it was announced that Sivebæk would be joining Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer. He made his Sounders debut on March 17, 2012 in a 3-1 win in the season opener against Toronto FC.
On June 20, 2012, the Sounders waived Sivebæk after only making three appearances for the club.
International.
Sivebæk has represented Denmark at various youth levels from the Under-18 to the Under-21 side. He represented the Denmark national under-21 football team on five occasions making his debut in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21381865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381865" title="Empress Dowager Guo (Muzong)">
Empress Dowager Guo (Muzong)

Empress Dowager Guo (郭太后, personal name unknown) (died June 25, 848), formally Empress Yi'an (懿安皇后, "the benevolent and peaceful empress"), was an empress dowager of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. During the reign of her husband Emperor Xianzong, she was commonly regarded as his wife and the proper empress even though she never received the title from him, and she subsequently served as empress dowager during the reign of their son Emperor Muzong, their grandsons Emperor Jingzong, Emperor Wenzong, Emperor Wuzong, and his son (by a concubine) Emperor Xuānzong.
Background.
It is not known exactly when the future Empress Dowager Guo was born. Her father was the official Guo Ai (郭曖), one of the sons of the great general Guo Ziyi, and her mother was Princess Shengping, a daughter of Emperor Daizong. In 793—by which time her father Guo Ai was described to be deceased—she married Li Chun the Prince of Guangling, the oldest son of Li Song the Crown Prince, son of then-reigning Emperor Dezong (Emperor Daizong's son). (She was therefore marrying her cousin's son.) She thus became the Princess of Guangling. It was said that because her mother was a princess and her grandfather and father both had great contributions to the state, she was much favored by her father-in-law Li Song. In 795, she gave birth to Li Chun's third son Li You.
As imperial consort.
In 805, Emperor Dezong died, and Li Song became emperor (as Emperor Shunzong), but as Emperor Shunzong was seriously ill himself, he yielded the throne to Li Chun later that year, and Li Chun took the throne (as Emperor Xianzong). Shortly after Emperor Xianzong took the throne, Princess Guo's mother Princess Shengping offered a tribute of 50 women to Emperor Xianzong, but Emperor Xianzong declined on the rationale that if Emperor Shunzong was not accepting tributes, neither could he. In 806, Emperor Xianzong created Princess Guo "Guifei" (貴妃) — the highest rank for imperial consorts — but did not create her empress. He also did not create Li You crown prince; rather, he only created Li You the Prince of Sui, instead creating Li You's older brother Li Ning, the son of his concubine Consort Ji, crown prince. Only after Li Ning died in 811 was Li You (who was renamed Li Heng) created crown prince, bypassing another older brother, Li Kuan (李寬) the Prince of Li. Before doing so, Emperor Xianzong had the imperial scholar Cui Qun draft a petition offering to yield on Li Kuan's behalf, but Cui pointed out that Li Heng was born of a wife — and in doing so, recognized Consort Guo as Emperor Xianzong's wife rather than concubine — whereas Li Kuan was born of a concubine, and argued that such a petition would be unnecessary. Emperor Xianzong agreed and did not insist on such a petition.
It was said that the officials, throughout the years, submitted repeated petitions that Consort Guo be created empress, and the efforts became particularly intense in 813. However, Emperor Xianzong, who had many favorite concubines, was concerned that due to Consort Guo's honored lineage, if he created her empress, the other concubines would not be able to have sexual relations with him. He therefore declined on the basis that the times were not fortunate times.
In 820, Emperor Xianzong died suddenly — a death that was commonly believed to have been a murder carried out by the eunuch Chen Hongzhi (陳弘志). After some confusion, in which the powerful eunuch Tutu Chengcui apparently tried to have Li Kuan (whose name had been changed to Li Yun (李惲) by this point) made emperor, several other key eunuchs — Liang Shouqian (梁守謙), Ma Jintan (馬進潭), Liu Chengjie (劉承偕), Wei Yuansu (韋元素), and Wang Shoucheng — had Tutu and Li Yun killed, and they supported Li Heng to be emperor (as Emperor Muzong). Emperor Muzong honored Consort Guo as empress dowager. (Another son of Emperor Xianzong's, Li Yi, would later suspect Consort Guo and Li Heng of being complicit in Emperor Xianzong's murder, although there was no particular evidence linking either to the murder.)
As empress dowager and grand empress dowager.
During Emperor Muzong's reign.
After Emperor Muzong took the throne, he took much effort to posthumously honor Empress Dowager Guo's male ancestors and her mother, as well as give her older brothers Guo Zhao (郭釗) and Guo Cong (郭鏦) high honors. She took up residence at Xingqing Palace (興慶宮), and he visited her twice a month. Whenever it was her birthday or a particularly special day, he would greet her along with officials in grand ceremonies, and he was exuberant in providing supplies to her palace, to the point of being excessive and wasteful.
In 821, a daughter of Empress Dowager Guo's, Princess Taihe, was sent to Huigu to marry its Chongde Khan.
On an occasion in 822, when Empress Dowager Guo visited Huaqing Palace (華清宮, known for its hot springs), Emperor Muzong joined her there, although he returned to the capital Chang'an after just one day and she spent several days there before returning to Chang'an.
In 824, Emperor Muzong became seriously ill, and by his orders, his son and crown prince Li Zhan was made regent. The eunuchs suggested that Empress Dowager Guo should herself assume the regency — to which she responded:
Empress Dowager Guo took the proposed edict in which she is named regent and tore it up herself. Her brother Guo Zhao also opposed the proposal, and the proposal was not carried out. That evening, Emperor Muzong died, and Li Zhan took the throne (as Emperor Jingzong).
During Emperor Jingzong's reign.
Emperor Jingzong honored Empress Dowager Guo as grand empress dowager, while honoring his mother Consort Wang as empress dowager. Later that year, when a disturbance led by two commoners, Su Xuanming (蘇玄明) and Zhang Shao (張韶), caused him to flee the palace briefly and flee to the Shence Army (神策軍) camps, he was concerned about the safety of the two empresses dowager and had the soldiers escort them to the Shence Army camps as well. Only after the disturbance was suppressed did he (and presumably they) return to the palace.
In 826, Emperor Jingzong was assassinated by a group of eunuchs led by Su Zuoming (蘇佐明). Another eunuch, Liu Keming (劉克明), wanted to support Emperor Jingzong's brother Li Wu the Prince of Jiàng as emperor, but Wang Shoucheng, Yang Chenghe (楊承和), Wei Congjian (魏從簡), and Liang Shouqian instead supported another brother of Emperor Jingzong's, Li Han the Prince of Jiāng (note different tone). Their troops battled Liu's and prevailed, killing Liu and Li Wu. An edict was issued in Grand Empress Dowager Guo's name, naming Li Han emperor (as Emperor Wenzong).
During Emperor Wenzong's reign.
Emperor Wenzong honored his mother Consort Xiao as an empress dowager as well — so there were three empresses dowager. It was said that he was filially pious toward all three, and that whenever he received precious things, he would first offer them to the three empresses dowager.
In 838, there was an incident that shortly after two daughters of Grand Empress Dowager Guo's uncle Guo Min (郭旼) arrived at the palace to visit her, Guo Min was made the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Binning Circuit (邠寧, headquartered in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). The imperial scholar Liu Gongquan pointed out to Emperor Wenzong that the people came to believe that Guo Min had offered his two daughters to be Emperor Wenzong's concubines, and in exchange was made a military governor. At Liu's suggestion, that same day, Grand Empress Dowager Guo had her two cousins leave the palace and return to Guo Min's house.
During Emperor Wuzong's reign.
In 840, Emperor Wenzong died, and his younger brother Li Chan became emperor (as Emperor Wuzong). It was said that Emperor Wuzong favored hunting and martial games, and that the imperial servants known as the Wufang Boys (五坊小兒) were allowed to enter and leave the palace at will due to his favors for them. In 841, on an occasion when he went to greet Grand Empress Dowager Guo and asked her for advice on governing the state, she suggested that he listen to the advice of the officials. Once he left her presence, he reviewed the petitions from the officials, and many of them advised him against hunting and games. Thereafter, he reduced those activities and the awards that he was giving the Wufang Boys.
During Emperor Xuānzong's reign.
In 846, Emperor Wuzong died, and his uncle Li Yi (whose name was then changed to Li Chen)—Emperor Xianzong's son by his concubine Consort Zheng—became emperor (as Emperor Xuānzong). Grand Empress Dowager Guo continued to be grand empress dowager, but Emperor Xuānzong's mother Consort Zheng was honored as empress dowager. Emperor Xuānzong’s brother, the late Emperor Muzong, was the son of then crown prince Li You’s Main Consort (Lady Guo), thus in the hereditary monarchy, he inherited the most legitimate right to the Tang Dynasty throne. Despites all MuZong’s three sons (Emperor Jingzong, Emperor Wenzong & Emperor Wuzong) had produced male heirs, Xuānzong still ascent to the throne with the support of the powerful group of eunuchs. As a consequent, all Grand Empress Dowager Guo's descendants lost the right to claim the Tang’s crown. To add insult to injury, Consort Zheng, who had previously been a servant girl of Grand Empress Dowager Guo's before she became an imperial consort, resented Grand Empress Dowager Guo, Emperor Xuānzong did not treat Grand Empress Dowager Guo with great respect. On June 25, in year 848 a.d., Grand Empress Dowager Guo attempted to commit suicide when visiting Qinzheng Tower (勤政樓), by throwing herself off the high tower; only to be stopped by her attendants. Emperor Xuānzong was furious when he learned about the incident. Grand Empress Dowager Guo died that very night, no cause of death was recorded. 
As Emperor Xuānzong wanted to reserve for his mother Empress Dowager Zheng the honor of being buried with Emperor Xianzong, he did not want Grand Empress Dowager Guo to be buried with Emperor Xianzong. The officials thus suggested that she be buried in the outer perimeters of his tomb Jingling (景陵) and that her spirit tablet not be placed inside his temple. When the official Wang Hao (王皞) earnestly opposed the proposal and suggested that she be buried with Emperor Xianzong and be worshipped in his temple, Wang offended both Emperor Xuānzong and the chancellor Bai Minzhong, and was exiled. Still, in the aftermaths of the dispute, she was buried with Emperor Xianzong, although she was still not worshipped at his temple. Only during the reign of Emperor Xuānzong's son Emperor Yizong, when Wang had been recalled and again advocated for her enshrinement, was she enshrined at Emperor Xianzong's temple.
In fiction.
Played by Susan Tse, a fictionalized version of Empress Dowager Guo was portrayed in 2009 Hong Kong's TVB television series, Beyond the Realm of Conscience.

</doc>
<doc id="21381867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381867" title="Samiullah Shenwari">
Samiullah Shenwari

Samiullah Shenwari (born December 31, 1987) is a right-handed batsman and leg break bowler who plays for Afghanistan. 
Shenwari is a part of the rapidly rising Afghan cricket team that in under a year has won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, thus promoting them to Division Two and allowing them to partake in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier where they gained ODI status.
He later played for the newly formed Afghan Cheetahs team in the Faysal Bank Twenty-20 Cup 2011-12.

</doc>
<doc id="21381874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381874" title="Devnarayan">
Devnarayan

Shri Devnarayan (Rajasthani or Gujari: श्रीदेवनारायण), an ancient Gurjar warrior from Rajasthan who is believed to have been an incarnation of Lord Vishnu, is worshipped as a folk deity, mostly in Rajasthan and north-western Madhya Pradesh. According to tradition, he was born to Sri Savai Bhoj and Sadu mata Gurjari on the seventh day of the bright half ("shukla saptami") of the month of Maagh in the Hindu Calendar in Vikram Samvat 968 (911 AD).According to one view historical Devnarayan belonged to 10th century of Vikram Samvat, according another view, he lived in between 1200-1400 (Vikram Samvat era).First view is endorsed by many scholars.
The epic of Devnarayan is one of the longest and most popular religious oral narratives of Rajasthan. The epic of Devnarayan has been classified under the category of "martial" epics.
The narrative of Devnarayan.
The oral-epic of Devnarayan consists of a number of episodes related to the narrative of Devnarayan. This epic is sung by the Bhopas, the traditional priest-singers of Devnarayan during the nights of the months, November to July in the villages of Rajasthan and Malwa. 
The narrative of Devnarayan begins with an invocation of a number of deities, whose images are depicted in the phads. The deities invoked are Sharada, Ganesha, Sarasvati, Maccha, Kacchap, Varaha, Narasimha, Vaman, Parashuram, Ram and Krishna Avatars of Vishnu, Bhairunath, Ramdev, Shani, Surya and Chandrama. The first part called the Bagaravat bharat is about the heroic deeds of 24 "Gurjar" brothers, who are born as the sons of the man-lion, Baghji Gurjar. The 24 brothers die after a preordained period of 12 years in a battle against a chieftain of Ran city. The second part is about Bhagavan's incarnation as Devnarayan, the miracles he performs and the revenge he and his cousins ultimately take on the Ran city chieftain. Devnarayan's mother is Sadu Mata and his father Savai Bhoj, the most courageous of the 24 Bagaravats. Whereas the first part is generally said to be marked by suffering (dukh), pain, and death, the second is marked by reunion, miracles and divine testimony (parcyo). The second part, thus entails a reversal of the first part: death and defeat are followed by birth and creation, finally resulting in the establishment of Devnarayan's cult amongst his followers.
Bagaravat Bharat.
The narrative begins with a prelude at a time (Satya Yuga), when Brahma was performing a Vedic sacrifice ("jug") in Pushkar. Brahma invited all the gods and Rsis to his sacrifice. Among them is a group of twenty-four Rsis living in the "Nag Pahad", a mountain chain running parallel to Pushkar. The Rsis were disciples of Sankar (Shankara). Sankar forbade them from attending the sacrifice, but they insisted on going because they had received invitations from Brahma. Suddenly, Sankar grew ravenously hungry. The Rsis suggested to eat the fruits growing in the forest which they consume for living. But Sankar said that would not satisfy him. He wanted more than plain fruit. But nothing else was available in the forest. There was no cereal or grain either. So, he turned to his disciples and began consuming them one after another. After he had eaten them and satiated his hunger, he went to visit Brahma's sacrifice himself. The sacrifice came to a halt because of the sin Sankar had committed. He asks Brahma how he should atone for his sin, whereupon Brahma informed him that the only means would be to offer the Rsis his own body in a future existence, in which the Rsis are to be born as the twenty-four sons of a single father. This prelude is normally spoken and not sung.
The narrative then shifts to a more historical time (Kali yuga). During the reign of King Vishal Dev Chauhan, also Known as Bisaldev, of Ajmer, the populace is being terrorized by a tiger that feeds on one individual every night. On one particular night, Hariram Gurjar offers to take the place of a boy whose turn it is to be eaten by the tiger. He sets up a trap for the tiger and beheads it. Then in order to wash the blood off his sword and to cleanse himself of the sin of slaughter,as it was tradition among Gurjars, he goes to the holy lake of Pushkar carrying the lion's head on his shoulder. It is a full moon night (purnima). Exactly at the same time on the opposite bank of Pushkar Lake, daughter of Gurjar king Jagjan, Lila Sevri who has taken a vow never to see the face of a man is performing ablutions and bathing in the lake. While bathing, she sees the reflection of a man's body with the head of a tiger on the surface of the lake, and conceive.Jagjan then allowed both to marry and also gifts half of his kingdom to Hariram Gurjar. After nine months their son is born. He has the head of a tiger and the body of a man, and is named Baghji. Later because of his unusual and fearsome appearance, no one is willing to marry his daughter to him. He lives alone in a garden attended by a Brahman cook. Once, on the day of the festival of "savan tij" (swings), a number of young girls of various GurjarGotras come to the garden attracted by Baghji's silken swing. The Brahman allows them to use the swing on the condition that each of them circumambulate Baghji. While they are doing this, the Brahman performs the necessary engagement rites. Unknowingly they are engaged to Baghji. 
Later Baghji Gurjar marries twelve of them namely "Kanta Kalas", "Ganiyanvanti Kalas", "Lakmade Rathod", "Jyanta Saradana", "Lali Saradana", "Balma Saradana", "Barnavanti Chad", "Bindka Chad", "Dhanvantari Chechi", "Gauri Chechi", "Rama Awana" and "Bindra Awana". 
Kalas, Rathod, Saradana, Chad, Chechi and Awana all are Gurjar Clans (or Gotras). Each of his wives gives birth to two sons who are collectively called the Bagaravats.
According to written literature by anandaram phagna Baghji (Father of Bagaravats ) belonged to Chhatrapatti chauhan gotra of Gurjars. Savai Bhoj is the most well known and courageous of the twenty-four Bagaravats. Each day Savai Bhoj takes the Bagaravats cattle herds to graze on the slopes of Nag Pahad. One of the cows regularly leaves the herd and returns on its own in the evening. One day Savai Bhoj follows the cow and discovers that it is being milked by the "jogi" (ascetic) Rupnath. As compensation for milking their cow, Rupnath gives Savai Bhoj a sack full of grain. But the brothers have no use for the small quantity of grain, so they feed it to birds. The next morning, Nevaji, one of the youngest brothers, discovers that the few grains left sticking to the seam of the sack have turned into gems. They realize their folly and Savai Bhoj returns to Rupnath to become his disciple. One day, being instructed by Rupnath, Savai Bhoj heats a cauldron of oil and circles it, while Rupnath follows. While they are circling the cauldron, Rupnath tries to push Savai Bhoj into the boiling oil, but Savai Bhoj leaps over with the help of his cowherd's staff. In the next round, Savai Bhoj follows Rupnath and pushes him into the cauldron. Not so agile, Rupnath falls into the boiling oil. Instantly his body turns into a solid gold nugget. While Savai Bhoj stands there repenting his crime, the "jogi" reappears in the hermitage as though nothing had taken place. He explains that the golden nugget is a gift that will grant the Bagaravats unending wealth for a period of twelve years after which both wealth (maya) and life (kaya) shall come to an end. He also gives Savai Bhoj the gifts of a mare-Bavli, a cow-Suremata, and an elephant-Jaimangala, all of which have special powers. Savai Bhoj returns to his home. The brothers ask Tejaji, the eldest among them, what should they do with their newly acquired wealth. Tejaji advises them to bury the money in the ground and hoard it. But, Nevaji suggests that they do good deeds with the money, like building wells and temples, distributing the wealth and make a name for themselves since both the wealth and their lives will end after twelve years. The brothers choose the latter alternative. Soon their fame spreads far and wide. In due course they meet their future enemy, Durjansal, the king "Rana" (or "Ravji") (ruler) of Ran City. The Rana and the Bagaravats become "dharam"-brothers. In an extended drinking session in a garden named "naulakha bagh" near Ran city, they overturn jars laden with wine onto a hillside flooding the earth to such an extent that the wine actually flows down into the kingdom of Basak Nag (Vasuki), serpent lord of the netherworld, who holds the earth on his hood. Angered, king Basak deposits the earth temporarily on a bull's horns and goes to Bhagavan(Vishnu)'s court to complain about the Bagaravats. But neither Basak, nor Hanuman, nor Bhagavan can do anything to remedy the situation because the Bagaravats are so powerful. Finally Bhagavan assumes the form of mendicant ("jogi") and visits Sadu Mata, the wife of Savai Bhoj, begging for alms. Sadu, who has just completed performing ablutions and bathing, appears in front of the mendicant covered only by her long tresses. Struck by her devotion, the mendicant (Bhagavan) grants her a boon. Sadu desires that Bhagavan be born as her son. Bhagavan promises to be born as her son on the 13th day after the Bagaravats have been killed.
After his return, Bhagavan requests "Sakti" (Durga or Bhavani), who agrees to go to earth to fulfill the task of destroying the Bagaravats. She manifests herself as an infant girl (later known as Jaimati) in a forest where she is discovered by the King of Bhual, who adopts her. Exactly at the time of her birth, her maidservant Hira is born. Jaimati grows up unusually fast. And, soon Brahmans are sent out to find a suitable bridegroom for her. She insists that they find someone belonging to a family in which one father has 24 sons. After a long and frustrating search the Brahmans find the Bagaravats. They arrange to have the queen married to Savai Bhoj. But because they already married, the Bagaravats suggest that the queen be married to their "dharam"-brother, the Rana. Thus, arrangements are made for the Rana to marry Jaimati. When the marriage procession sets out, Savai Bhoj instead of the Rana, leads it. In the meanwhile Jaimati orders the "toran" to be hung in a high place that the Rana, who is 120 years old and feeble cannot reach up to. Instead of the Rana, Savai Bhoj strikes down the "toran". When the marriage procession arrives, the queen pretends she has high fever. She asks her maidservant to bring Savai Bhoj's sword that is supposed to have healing powers. In the inner chambers of the palace she then circles the sword, thereby secretly marrying Savai Bhoj. In public, however, she marries the Rana. At the end of the ceremonies, when she is to accompany the Rana to her new home, she insists on staying with the Bagaravats. The Bagaravats coax her into going with the Rana, promising to fetch her after a period of six months. Upon arriving in the Rana's palace, however, the queen says she will not play dice with the Rana till he has constructed a new palace for her. The construction of the palace, of course, takes a long time, and six months are soon over. In the meanwhile, the Bagaravats - even against the advice of their wives - prepare to fetch the queen. The queen elopes with the Bagaravats. The Rana is patient, advising the Bagaravats in a brotherly manner to send the queen back to him. But, the Bagaravats stick to their decision. Finally, the Rana gathers together the armies to fifty-two forts on the banks of the Khari river. Jaimati, who now has assumed her true form, Bhavani promises to accompany the Bagaravats only on the condition if they fight Rana's army one at a time. She also demands that the brothers offer their heads to her. The Bagaravats willingly agree to her grotesque demands. A "Bharat" (great war) is fought. In the battle some of the brothers continue fighting even after their heads have been severed by the Goddess's discus. But in the end all of them are slain and the Rana is victorious. The Goddess assumes her "Virat Rup" (awesome, terrifying form). Amidst the corpses of slain warriors, she squats on the battle ground, dripping with blood, stringing a necklace of the Bagaravats' severed heads. After their deaths, the Bagaravats' wives with the exception of Savai Bhoj's wife, Sadu Mata, commit "sati" (self-immolation).
Shri Devnarayan Katha.
This half of the narrative begins with Sadu Mata's severe "tapas"(penance) on a hill near the battle field. After eleven days, when her honour and life is about to be threatened by the Rana, she calls out to Bhagavan, who has promised to be born as her son. Devnarayan, who is playing a game of dice at the time with king Basak, rises up on a stream of water that splits apart the rock on which Sadu is seated. Borne on that jet of water in a lotus blossom, the infant Devnarayan falls into Sadu Mata's lap.
Threatened by the Rana, Sadu Mata decides to flee to her natal home in Malwa. Devnarayan spends his childhood there without any knowledge of past events. After eleven years, one day Chochu Bhat, the bard and genealogist of the 24 Bagaravat brothers comes to Malwa in search of Devnarayan. Sadu Mata who knows of his intentions tries to get him killed by poisoning, but Devnarayan revives him. Chochu Bhat then informs him of the battle between the Bagaravats and the Rana. Devnarayan then decides against his mother's will to return to his fathers ancestral land and take revenge on the Rana. While returning to the region of Bhilwara and his capital town of Causla Kheda, Devnarayan marries three princesses, one the daughter of a "det" (daitya), another the niece of a netherworld serpent king, and the third the daughter of the Gurjar ruler of Ujjain-Pipalde. While returning Devnarayan also meets up with his four cousins, Mehnduji, Madanji, Kanh Bhangi and Bhunaji, who likewise have grown up unaware of each other's existence. Whereas Mehnduji have been under protection of the Bagaravat's ally, the king of Ajmer, Bhangi has grown up as a Nath Jogi in the company of the Bagaravats' guru Baba Rupnath. Madanji has been growing up with his father Tejaji Gurjar.Bhunaji, whose name has been changed to Khanderav, has been adopted by the Rana himself. But once the cousins realize their true origins, they join up with Devnarayan to launch an assault against the Rana. Before the final encounter takes place, Devnarayan releases his herd of 980,000 cows and buffaloes in the royal fields in order to destroy the Rana's crops. In the end the cousins catch up with the Rana who is trying to escape. He is beheaded by Devnarayan's bow-string. But when Devnarayan sees that Bhunaji is sad over the death of his foster father, he revives the Rana only after Chochu Bhat has extracted the Bagaravats' revenge from the Rana's stomach.Thereafter Devnarayan instructs the revived Rana to establish the city of Udaipur, which according to the narrative is named after one of Devnarayan's names, Ud.Bhagwaan Dev Narayan was born on Shanivaar, Saptami Shukla Paksh of Maagh month and the year was Vikrami Samwat 968 (911 AD). Bhagwaan Dev Narayan lived a very short life of 31 years on earth.He went to BaikunthDhaam on Akshya Tritiya Shukla Paksh of Baisakh month in Vikrami Samwat 999 (942 AD).This was the time when Samrat Mahedra Pal divided his vast Empire between his two sons and loyalty of Gurjar feudatories like Gurjar Chauhans, Gurjar Parmars, Gurjar Chandillas etc. were divided. 
Ultimately around 915AD Samrat Mahi Pal established himself on the throne of Gurjar Empire but a Great clan of Bagarawat Chauhans of Gurjars was already sacrificed due to this division of loyalties of various feudatory kings and their vassals to these two Gurjar Pratihar Princes.
After Devnarayan has accomplished taking revenge on the Rana, he decides to depart to "Baikunth" (heaven). But his Queen Pipalde requests him not to leave her childless. A boy Bila and a girl, Bili are born to her. Bili is quick to realize her father's divinity. But Bila is stubborn and refuses to acknowledge his father's authority. After many unhappy incidents including being befallen by leprosy, Bila begins to realize the divine power of his father. He then agrees to look after Devnarayan's very first shrine and become Devnarayan's first priest from which the lineage of priests follow. Then, having established a place of worship, a lineage of priests, and a community of devotees, Devnarayan finally returns in his celestial chariot to Baikunth.
According to the epic, Infant Devnarayan was suckled by a lioness.That gave rise to famous Rajasthani Proverb "Gurjari Jaayan, Nahari Jaayan", which translated as "Son of a Gurjar is no less than a Lion."
Devnarayan shrines and phad.
The principal shrine of Devnaryan is located at Sawai Bhoj near Asind town, the battlefield of "Bagravat Bharat". Other significant shrines are at Demali, which is believed as the earliest shrine founded by Devnarayan himself and Malasari, where Devnarayan was born. Devnarayan is worshipped in these shrines in the form of an upright row of large sized bricks. The bricks are often kept bare, but sometimes the multi-colored tinsel is pasted over them.
Another significant shrine of Devnarayan is located at Jodhpuriya near Mashi dam in Tonk district. Two fairs are organized each year near this shrine.
Maharana Sanga of Mewar was great devotee of Shri Devnarayan and he is said to have built a temple in memory of Deoji.
Devnarayan phad.
Devnarayan is also worshipped by the Bhopas, the priest-singers by means of a scroll known as "phad", depicting various episodes of the narrative of life of Devnaryan. This scroll, "Devnarayan phad", is used as a mobile temple and the Bhopas carry it with them. The Joshi families of Bhilwara and Shahpura are the traditional artists of the "Devnarayan phad"s. A "phad" consists of an image of Devnarayan in the attire of a king seated on his "python" throne in his court faced by the serpent king Basak and his four cousins at the centre. The whole "phad" is painted with various scenes related to the narrative of Devnarayan according to a traditional scheme. No place is left vaccant. These phads are normally about 30 feet in length. One of the earliest surviving Devnarayan phad is in the collection of Rupayan Sansthan, the Rajasthan Institute of Folklore in Jodhpur. This phad is signed by Surajmal and Bagtavarchand and dated Vikram Samvat 1924 (1867).
A Bhopa, usually erects the phad shortly after nightfall in the villages where he is invited to sing different episodes from the epical narrative of Devnarayan in front of the "phad" during the "jagaran"s (night-wakes). Before the performance begins, the ground beneath is swept clean, incense is burnt and the offerings of grains and money are made in front of the "phad". During the performance, a "jantar" (a type of fretted veena with two resonators of gourd or wood) is played to accompany the songs. Usually there are two Bhopas who recite the epic, one is the main Bhopa, the "Patavi", and the other is his assistant, the "Diyala". When the "Patavi Bhopa" sings a particular episode of the epic, his junior partner, the "Diyala Bhopa" holds an oil lamp to illuminate the particular part of the "phad", where the particular episode which is being sung is depicted. He also sings along with his senior partner some parts of the episodes.
Postage stamp.
A commemorative stamp was issued by India post on 7 Sep 2011 of denomination INR 5.
gurjar samaj (chouhan) ki sati mata temple kekri, rajasthan main hai.
ad.- charbhuja ji ke mandir ke pas, kekri, rajasthan
9024994573

</doc>
<doc id="21381885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381885" title="Soner Uysal">
Soner Uysal

Soner Uysal (born 24 August 1977) is a Turkish football coach and a former player. As of February 2013, he manages the youth team of Hamburger SV. He also holds German citizenship. He had to retire at just 24 years of age due to chronic knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="21381888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381888" title="Mohan Singh (poet)">
Mohan Singh (poet)

Mohan Singh (1905-1978), was a noted Indian poet of Punjabi language and academic, and one of early pioneers of modern Punjabi poetry.
Biography.
Born in 1905 at Mardan (now in Pakistan), Mohan Singh spent the early years of his life at his ancestral village Dhamial (Rawalpindi). His poem Kuri Pathohar Di is reminiscent of his romantic early days. He obtained a Master's degree in Persian and started his career as a Lecturer in Persian, Urdu and Punjabi at Khalsa College, Amritsarin 1933.He was well read in English, Persian and Urdu literatures. At amritsar, Teja Singh, Sant Singh Sekhon, Gurbachan Singh 'Talib' became his friends.
In 1940, he joined as a lecturer in the Sikh National College, Lahore, but after some time he left the job and started a firm, Hind Publishers to promote the literary standards of Punjabi publications. In 1939, he started his famous literary Punjabi monthly, Panj darya. After Partition In 1947 he shifted his business to Amritsar and then to Jullundur, but ultimately he closed down the firm. Then he became the teacher in Khalsa College, Patiala.
Later, he worked as Professor Emeritus at the Punjab Agricultural University, Ludhiana from 1970 to 1974 and made this industrial town of Punjab his home towards the end of his life. He died on 3 May 1978 at Ludhiana.
Collection.
Prof Mohan Singh gave Punjabi poetry collections like "Sanve Pattar"(The Green Leaves), "Buhe" (Doors)and "Jindran" (Locks), a total of 10 poetry books and one Mahakavya.
Prof. Mohan Singh Mela.
Prof Mohan Singh Memorial International Cultural Mela was organized every year by Prof Mohan Singh Memorial Foundation.
village Nanoki Nabha.
Prof.Mohan Singh Mela is going to organize at Village Nanoki in Nabha District, It is One of the best Little Modern Solo Village,The credit of bring this village to the international map goes to Sardar Abninder Singh Grewal an Artist and industrial, This village is bought up by Late Sardar Metab Singh Grewal Minister in His Excellency Sardar Hira Singh King of Nabha Kingdom .
Awards.
He received Sahitya Akademi award in 1959 "Wadda Vela" (Poetry).
Modern Punjabi poetry.
Prof. Mohan Singh was known as the father of modern Punjabi poetry. The other poets who contributed significantly to the growth of modern Punjabi poetry in the initial years include Amrita Pritam, Harbhajan Singh and Shiv Kumar Batalvi. Mohan Singh has been hailed as "the greatest Punjabi poet of the 20th century"

</doc>
<doc id="21381902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381902" title="Molise regional election, 1985">
Molise regional election, 1985

The Molise regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than three times the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Paolo Nuvoli was elected President of the Region. In 1988 Nuvoli was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Ferdinando Di Laura Frattura.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381920" title="Empress Guo">
Empress Guo

Empress Guo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21381926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381926" title="List of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista records and statistics">
List of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista records and statistics

All-time top 10 goalscorers.
As of February 2, 2009
All-time top 10 appearances.
As of February 2, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="21381942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381942" title="Hanka (film)">
Hanka (film)

Hanka is a 1955 Yugoslavian film directed by Slavko Vorkapić. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381952" title="Sigma Sigma Omicron">
Sigma Sigma Omicron

Sigma Sigma Omicron was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from November 1, 1920 to 1933. The Alpha chapter was chartered at New York University. In July 1927, the sorority changed its name to Sigma Phi Beta. The sorority was absorbed by Phi Omega Pi. 
According to the 1931 edition of The Sorority Handbook, there were 10 chapters with 1,000 members (p. 79).
Insignia and Traditions.
Pledge pin- "Crescented Norman shield divided vertically into two equal sections, one enamled in purple, the other in white, and displaying diagonally a gold sabre"
Member pin- "Pearl bordered circular shield of purple enamel, displaying sorority letters in gold, and jewelled additionally with six amethysts set at prescribed points outside a circlet of pearls"
Insignia- Circle, Helmet, Pyramid, Sabre, Sheaf of Wheat
Colors- Purple and White
Flower- Violets with White Rose
Jewels- Amethyst and Pearl 
Publication- The Talaria
Tewanah.
Sigma Phi Beta and Phi Alpha Chi were absorbed into Phi Omega Pi. Phi Alpha Chi began as The Tewanah in 1919 at Berkeley. In 1926, the sorority took on its Greek letters, reorganizing as the Alpha chapter. At least one other chapter was chartered. Delta Zeta's history (1983) recorded that Sigma Phi Beta absorbed Phi Alpha Chi before the absorption by Phi Omega Pi. 
Delta Zeta absorbed Phi Omega Pi in the 1950s.
References.
Martin, Ida Shaw (1931)The Sorority Handbook, 11th edition, Published by Ida Shaw Martin, Boston, Mass.
Miner, Florence Hood (1983). The History of Delta Zeta, 1902- 1982. Indianapolis, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="21381965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381965" title="Dialectical research">
Dialectical research

Dialectical research or dialectical inquiry or dialectical investigation is a form of qualitative research which utilizes the method of dialectic, aiming to discover truth through examining and interrogating competing ideas, perspectives or arguments. Dialectical research can be seen as a form of exploratory research, in that there is not so much a research hypothesis to be tested, but rather new understandings to be developed. 
Dialectical research may also be thought of as the opposite of empirical research, in that the researcher is working with arguments and ideas, rather than data. Indeed Bertell Ollman (1993) argues that all research is either dialectical or nondialectical. Dialectical research may be applied to a range of problems. For instance, Eli Berniker and David McNabb (2006) argue for the application of dialectical research for the study of organizational processes and James Page (2008) has used a dialectical research method to develop a philosophy of peace education. 

</doc>
<doc id="21381970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381970" title="Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967">
Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967

The Criminal Law Act (Northern Ireland) 1967 (c 18) (NI) is an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland. It makes similar provision to the Criminal Law Act 1967 for Northern Ireland.
Section 2.
This section was repealed by article 90(2) of, and Part I of Schedule 7 to the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (SI 1989/1341) (NI 12).
Section 8.
This section was repealed by section 122(2) of, and Part II of Schedule 7 to the Judicature (Northern Ireland) Act 1978.
Section 10.
This section was repealed by the Magistrates' Courts (Northern Ireland) Order 1981 (SI 1981/1675) (NI 26).
Section 12.
In section 12(1), the words "and to subsection (2)" were repealed by section 122(2) of, and Part II of Schedule 7 to the Judicature (Northern Ireland) Act 1978.
Section 12(2) was repealed by section 122(2) of, and Part II of Schedule 7 to the Judicature (Northern Ireland) Act 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21381971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381971" title="Pillnitz Kleinzschachwitz Ferry">
Pillnitz Kleinzschachwitz Ferry

The Pillnitz Kleinzschachwitz Ferry, also known as the Schlossfähre, is a ferry across the Elbe river in Germany. It crosses between the districts of Pillnitz and Kleinzschachwitz in the city of Dresden, close to the former's collection of palaces that give the ferry its alternate name. It carries both passengers and cars.
The ferry service is operated by the Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe (DVB), Dresden's municipal transport authority, and carries the number "F14" in the Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe route numbering scheme. It operates every 15 minutes throughout the day. It is the only vehicle ferry operated by DVB, although they also operate a fleet of smaller passenger ferries.
The ferry boat used on the service is named "Schloßfähre", is diesel powered, and is propelled using Schottel pump jets. It has a length of and a width of . It can carry 140 passenger and 8 cars, or 350 passengers if no cars are carried.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="21381978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381978" title="Molise regional election, 1990">
Molise regional election, 1990

The Molise regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, gaining more than four times the share of vote of the Italian Communist Party, which came distantly second. After the election Christian Democrat Enrico Santoro was elected President of the Region. In 1992 Santoro was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Luigi Di Bartolomeo and later by Giovanni Di Giandomenico.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="21381996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381996" title="1937 Soviet First League">
1937 Soviet First League

League Standings.
CDKA was promoted during the season to the Soviet Top League after playing two games in the season. Their results were scratched for this League this season.

</doc>
<doc id="21381998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21381998" title="1898–99 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team">
1898–99 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team

The 1899 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas in its first season of collegiate basketball. The head coach was Dr. James Naismith, the inventor of the game, who served his 1st year.

</doc>
<doc id="21382035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382035" title="1994–95 Mighty Ducks of Anaheim season">
1994–95 Mighty Ducks of Anaheim season

The 1994–95 Mighty Ducks of Anaheim season was the second season in franchise history. Despite a Conference-worst 5-18-1 road record, the team played well at home, with an 11-9-4 record. On April 4, the team traded enforcer Stu Grimson, Mark Ferner and the team's 6th round choice in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft to the Detroit Red Wings for Mike Sillinger and Jason York. Twenty-year-old rookie Paul Kariya was a candidate for the Calder Trophy as the NHL's top rookie, scoring 18 goals and 39 points in 47 games (the award ultimately went to Quebec's Peter Forsberg).
Offseason.
Defenceman Randy Ladouceur is named team captain, following the departure of Troy Loney.
Regular season.
The Mighty Ducks finished last in power-play percentage (11.39%) and penalty-kill percentage (75.65%). The team was also shut out a league-high 6 times during the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="21382036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382036" title="Rainer Hauck">
Rainer Hauck

Rainer Hauck (born 16 January 1978) is a German footballer. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Kaiserslautern on 4 November 2000 when he started in a game against FC Schalke 04.

</doc>
<doc id="21382037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382037" title="Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust">
Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust

The Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust is a non-profit organization created by philanthropist Alfred I. du Pont in 1935, devoted to supporting the Trust's sole charitable beneficiary, the Nemours Foundation. As of December 31, 2008, the trust’s value was $3.25 billion and employed nearly 3,500. At the end of January, 2009, it had improved to $4.6 billion, but was still down from $5.5 billion in 2007.
History.
The Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust was created as per Alfred I. duPont's will after his death in 1935. 
At the time, duPont's assets included seven Florida National Banks, significant landholdings in Northwest Florida, E. I du Pont de Nemours Company shares, and the Nemours and Epping Forest estates. The value of the assets was approximately $40 million. The duPont Trustees, specifically Edward Ball, created the St. Joe Paper Company and began operating a paper mill in 1938. The trust had a 1939 value of $72.5 million.
A federal law was enacted in 1966 that barred non-profit organizations from owning both operating companies and banking institutions. Ed Ball fought the legislation for several years, even testifying before a congressional subcommittee, but in the end, he reluctantly sold the banks.
After Jessie Ball du Pont died in 1970, Ball arranged the sale of Epping Forest to his friend, Raymond K. Mason. Before Charter Company was broken up by bankruptcy in the late 1980s, Mason sold Epping Forest to Herb Peyton and Gate Petroleum in 1984. Peyton is presently a duPont trustee.
Before Ball's death, the trust and foundation signed a 1980 consent agreement with Delaware and Florida which stipulated that the Nemours Foundation would annually receive the greater of: 3 percent of the trust's net market value or the net annual income from the trust assets. 
Additionally, at least 50 percent of Nemours funds must be spent in Delaware, and a $25 million contingency fund must be reserved for Delaware's operations.
Nemours.
The Nemours Foundation operates the "Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children" in Wilmington, Delaware; the "Nemours Children’s Hospital" in Jacksonville; the Nemours Children's Clinics in Delaware, Florida, Pennsylvania & New Jersey; and the Nemours Mansion and Gardens.
Leadership.
Following Alfred du Pont’s death in 1935, Edward Ball controlled the trust until his own death in 1981. W.L. Thornton, former CEO of St. Joe Company and Florida East Coast Industries succeeded Ball and was chairman of the trust for 23 years. Hugh Durden, corporate trustee since 1997, now a retired executive from Wachovia Bank, was elected chairman on January 24, 2005.
Major investments shift.
The Trust was valued at $1.9 billion in January, 1996.
The St. Joe Company was originally owned by the DuPont Trust. After the company went public, the duPont trust owned 70% of the 30.6 million shares outstanding. The company’s stock did well, rising from 53⅝ in February, 1995 to 115½ in December, 1997. The corresponding trust value increased from $1.1 billion to $2.4 billion. The problem was that DuPont’s will stipulated an annual disbursement of the amount equal to 3% of the trust’s value. St. Joe's annual dividend of 20¢ only generated $4.26 million and the required payout was over $72 million, so the trust was forced to sell 4 million shares to invest in a security producing substantially more income than St. Joe. That left a 57% stake, which was reduced by additional stock sales to 23%. On May 28, 2004, the trust filed paperwork to divest as many as 12 million more shares, leaving an 8% ownership.
On October 9, 2000, St. Joe divested its 54% interest in Florida East Coast Industries by distributing FECI Class B common shares to St. Joe shareholders; the DuPont Trust received a large block of FECI stock.
A new Chief Investment Officer was hired in 2000 to manage the trust's portfolio. David Gonino proposed a new investment policy and the board approved it: the trust would not own more than 5% of any company, and no single investment could account for more than 5% of the trust's value.
Headquarters.
For many years, the trust shared a building with the Nemours Foundation in a building on Jacksonville's Southside. 
The new headquarters of the trust is a 40,000 ft², five-floor building on the St. Johns riverfront in Jacksonville, Florida which was scheduled to open October 1, 2008. 
General contractor Elkins Constructors began work on the trust’s new home on July 17, 2007; noted architect Graham Gund contributed to the design as a green building according to LEED standards for environmentally sustainable construction developed by the United States Green Building Council. 
The most outstanding aspect of the $20 million structure is its ability to conserve.
The building has a stone exterior, copious large windows, and was described in the local newspaper as opulent. 
According to Hugh Durden, chairman of its board of trustees, "We were looking for a 100-year building...(with) timeless design that is both useful and enduring. If you're going to be here for decades, that becomes a cost-effective investment."
The bottom floor is actually a parking garage for workers, so that most of the property is landscaping, rather than parking lot. Three 10,000 gallon underground cisterns capture rainfall, which is then used for landscape irrigation, so a large retention pond is not required. The four-story atrium is capped by a pyramid-shaped skylight, flooding the interior of the building with sunshine and warmth during cool months. Some interior walls contain opaque glass to share light between areas; sensors turn off lights in unoccupied rooms. For employees who want to conserve gas, there is a bus stop within a block of the building, and bicycle storage plus locker rooms for cyclists. Lastly, heating and cooling systems are high efficiency and limit power usage during peak demand periods.
Litigation.
In June 2012, the state of Delaware filed suit against the Trust, claiming the trustees were not following duPont's intentions and Delaware was not receiving their proper yearly distribution. Furthermore, Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden asserted that the $72 million renovation of the Nemours Mansion and Gardens in Wilmington should not have been included in Delaware’s share of foundation distributions.
For several years, the trust had been making plans to split the $4 billion asset portfolio into two segments, with a small portion going to a taxable annuitants’ trust for individuals named in duPont's will, and the majority of assets remaining in the tax-exempt charitable trust. Doing so would allow the foundation to avoid the yearly assessment of several million dollars in foreign taxes. The Delaware lawsuit may delay those plans until that litigation is resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="21382042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382042" title="CKTY">
CKTY

CKTY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21382052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382052" title="1994–95 Dallas Stars season">
1994–95 Dallas Stars season

The 1994–95 Dallas Stars season was the twenty-eighth season in franchise history and the second in Dallas, Texas. Injuries to forward Mike Modano caused him to miss 18 games, more than a third of the 48-game regular season, and finished with 29 points (12 goals, 17 assists). As a result the Stars didn't have the same offensive power they had had in 1993-94, when Modano scored a career-high 50 goals and relied on Dave Gagner to pick up the slack, which he did, leading the team in goals, assists and points. Despite finishing the season on a 4-game losing streak for a 17-23-8 record, Dallas still scored more goals (136) than they allowed (135).
Regular season.
The Stars tied the Hartford Whalers and the Toronto Maple Leafs for the lowest shooting percentage during the Regular season, with just 135 goals on 1,520 shots (8.9%)
Player statistics.
Playoffs.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; SA = Shots against; SV = Shots saved; SV% = Save percentage; 
Playoffs.
In the playoffs, the Stars faced the best team in the NHL, the Detroit Red Wings. The Stars found themselves in a hole early, trailing 3 games to none prior to game 4 on May 14. After Dallas won a spirited game 4 by a score of 4-1, the two teams rushed back to Detroit for game 5 on May 15, which the Red Wings won 3-1 to take the series 4 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21382055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382055" title="174th meridian west">
174th meridian west

The meridian 174° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 174th meridian west forms a great circle with the 6th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 174th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21382064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382064" title="1994–95 Tampa Bay Lightning season">
1994–95 Tampa Bay Lightning season

The 1994-95 Tampa Bay Lightning season was the third season in franchise history. The team traded away defenseman Shawn Chambers to the New Jersey Devils and forward Denis Savard to the Chicago Blackhawks; both players went on to have memorable playoff performances in 1995. Brian Bradley and Peter Klima both led the team in goals with 13, while Rob Zamuner led the team with 3 shorthanded goals. By April 21, the Lightning had a 17-22-3 record with only 118 goals against in 42 games. Although they had only scored 109 goals, Darren Puppa's solid goaltending kept the team ahead of the New York Islanders in the Atlantic Division standings. However, the Lightning finished the season with 6 losses in a row, getting outscored 26-11 to finish 17-28-3 for 37 points. An Islanders' loss to Philadelphia on May 2 ensured that the Lightning would not finish last place in the division.
Player stats.
Regular season.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals

</doc>
<doc id="21382072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382072" title="Péter Kurucz">
Péter Kurucz

Péter Kurucz (born 30 May 1988) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Kurucz began his career as a youth team player for Újpest. In February 2008, he played on loan for Tatabánya, making two appearances, before returning to Újpest and signing a contract with them.
On 9 February 2009, he completed a loan move with a purchase option from to West Ham United, signing on a season long-loan. Kurucz made his competitive debut for West Ham in the 2–0 Premier Reserve League South defeat to Aston Villa on 17 March 2009. Kurucz made 5 reserve-team appearances for West Ham in the 2008/09 season.
On 3 June 2009, it was announced that Kurucz had signed a four-year contract with West Ham for an undisclosed fee.
On 5 December 2009, he made his first competitive appearance for West Ham, coming on as a substitute for Robert Green at Upton Park in a 4–0 defeat to Manchester United, although he did not concede any of the goals. In August 2010, during a friendly at Burton Albion, Kurucz picked up an anterior cruciate injury that ruled him out for the 2010-11 season.
In January 2012 Kurucz signed on loan for Rochdale. In May 2012 his contract with West Ham was terminated by mutual consent. He joined 
Crystal Palace on trial and played in the second half in a preseason friendly match against Lewes conceding once and the full 90 minutes away at Dulwich Hamlet a few days later, keeping a clean sheet and saving a well struck penalty.
International career.
Kurucz was a member of the under-21 national team at international level with Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="21382078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382078" title="Will Rogers Gardens">
Will Rogers Gardens

Will Rogers Gardens is a park in Oklahoma City located at the corner of 36th Street and Portland Avenue. It is one of the city’s historic parks and is open year-round. Will Rogers Gardens features the Charles E. Sparks Rose Garden, a arboretum and a conservatory with one of the world’s largest collections of cacti and succulents. It also features display beds of daylilies, iris, azaleas, herbs and peonies. 
Free classes and other events are often held in the Garden Exhibition Building, the main building at Will Rogers Gardens. 
Will Rogers Gardens is part of Will Rogers Park, which features a family aquatics center, the 24-court Oklahoma City Tennis Center, a disk golf course, and one of Oklahoma City’s two senior adult recreation centers.
History.
Will Rogers Gardens is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Originally one of the four “crown jewels” at the old outer edges of Oklahoma City, the site remains a community garden with historic dedication to horticultural displays and areas of formal design.
Ed Lycan Conservatory.
The Ed Lycan conservatory was designed by architects Lord and Burnham and was first erected in Douglass Park in 1924. In 1936 the conservatory was moved to Will Rogers Park. The greenhouse was named after Ed Lycan, the first employee for the Oklahoma City Parks Department. He worked for the department from 1912 to 1954, spending much of his time at Will Rogers Gardens
Will Rogers Garden Exhibition Building.
The Garden Exhibition Building in Will Rogers Park is home to the Oklahoma City Council of Garden Clubs. The council was organized in 1921 to promote horticulture, flower gardening and conservation. Classes and other events are often held in the Garden Exhibition Building as well.
Events.
The site is host to several flower shows and sales, in addition to a Festival in the Park held at the end of the first full week of June each year. Local garden and horticulture groups use the Exhibition Building to conduct monthly educational meetings that are open to the public.
Education.
The site conducts free classes and tours by arrangement. Scheduled events include horticulture, drawing and flower arranging classes every month.
Volunteerism.
Will Rogers Gardens offers several opportunities to volunteer. Many options are available for various services.
Visitor Information.
The grounds are open with free admission from dawn to dusk year-round.
The conservatory is open with free admission Monday to Friday 8:30 am to 3:30 pm
The Garden Exhibition Building is open Monday to Friday 7 am to 4 pm.
The site is located at 3400 NW 36th, OKC, OK 73112
See also.
List of botanical gardens in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="21382079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382079" title="1899–1900 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team">
1899–1900 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team

The 1900 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas in its second season of collegiate basketball. The head coach was Dr. James Naismith, the inventor of the game, who served his second year.

</doc>
<doc id="21382102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382102" title="Urmetazoan">
Urmetazoan

The Urmetazoan is the hypothetical last common ancestor of all animals. It was undoubtedly marine, but beyond this its form is difficult to determine; five different hypotheses have been put forward, and discriminating between them is difficult because the relationships of animal phyla are not completely resolved.
Animals are considered by biologists to have evolved from a flagellated eukaryote. Their closest known living relatives are the choanoflagellates, collared flagellates that have a morphology similar to the choanocytes of certain sponges. Molecular studies place animals in a supergroup called the opisthokonts, which also include the choanoflagellates, fungi and a few small parasitic protists. The name comes from the posterior location of the flagellum in motile cells, such as most animal spermatozoa, whereas other eukaryotes tend to have anterior flagella.
Placula hypothesis.
Under the placula hypothesis, the last common ancestor of animals was a somewhat amorphous blob, lacking any form of symmetry or axis. The centre of this blob became raised slightly from the sediment, to create a cavity which assisted feeding on the sea floor below. As this cavity developed, it became deeper and deeper, until the organisms resembled a thimble, with an inside and outside. Some sponges and cnidaria have this kind of body form.
The development of the bilaterian body plan follows from this hypothesis; the urbilaterian would develop its symmetry as one end of the placula became adapted for moving forwards, which would result in a left-right symmetry.
Planula hypothesis.
This idea suggests that metazoa are derived from a planula; that is, the tadpole-like larva of certain cnidaria. Under this hypothesis, the larva became sexually mature through paedomorphosis, so could reproduce without passing through a sessile phase.
Gastraea hypothesis.
The gastraea hypothesis was proposed by Ernst Haeckel, shortly after his work on the calcareous sponges. He proposed that this group of sponges is monophyletic with all eumetazoans, including the bilaterians. This suggested that the gastrulation and the gastrula stage are universal for eumetazoans. It has been perceived as problematic that a gastrulation by invagination is by no means universal among eumetazoans. Only recently has an invagination been confirmed in a Calcarea sponge, albeit too early to form a remaining inner space (archenteron).
Bilaterogastraea hypothesis.
This hypothesis was developed by Gösta Jägersten as an adaptation of Ernst Haeckel's Gastraea hypothesis. He proposed that the Bilaterogastraea had a two-stage life cycle, with a pelagic juvenile and a benthic adult stage. The invagination of the original gastrula stage he saw as bilaterally symmetric rather than radially symmetric.
Phagocytella hypothesis.
Proposed by Élie Metchnikoff.

</doc>
<doc id="21382112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382112" title="Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH">
Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH

Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH or The Mihalis Angelos [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/1970/4.html EWCA Civ 4 is an English contract law case, concerning breach of contract.
Facts.
"The Mihalis Angelos" was fixed to sail to Haiphong and there load a cargo for delivery in Europe. In the charterparty dated 25 May 1965 the owners stated that the ship was "expected ready to load under this charter about July 1, 1965". The charterparty also provided, in the first sentence of the cancelling clause,
"Should the vessel not be ready to load (whether in berth or not) on or before July 20, 1965, charterers have the option of cancelling this contract, such option to be declared, if demanded, at least 48 hours before vessel's expected arrival at port of loading".
On 17 July 1965 the ship was at Hong Kong, still discharging cargo from her previous voyage. It was physically impossible for her to finish discharging and reach Haiphong by 20 July. The charterers gave notice cancelling the charter. The owners treated this as a repudiation and claimed damages, which were the subject of arbitration and of an appeal to Mocatta J. On further appeal, there were three issues. The first was whether the "expected readiness" clause was a condition of which the owners were in breach, entitling the charterers to terminate the charter contract. The second issue was whether (if the answer to the first issue was wrong) the charterers had repudiated the contract by cancelling on 17 July, three days before the specified 20 July deadline. The third issue was as to the damage suffered by the owners, on the assumption that the charterers' premature cancellation had been a repudiation.
Judgment.
On the first issue, all three members of the court decided in favour of the charterers, Bergbau, and against the owners, Maredelanto, that 'expected ready' was a condition of the contract. On the second issue, Lord Denning held that the charterers had not repudiated the contract by cancelling on 17 July, but Edmund Davies LJ and Megaw LJ held that they had. On the third issue, Lord Denning, in agreement with the arbitrators, who were themselves agreed, held that they had suffered no damage (p 197): "Seeing that the charterers would, beyond doubt, have cancelled, I am clearly of opinion that the shipowners suffered no loss: and would be entitled at most to nominal damages."
Edmund Davies LJ agreed (p 202): "One must look at the contract as a whole, and if it is clear that the innocent party has lost nothing, he should recover no more than nominal damages for the loss of his right to have the whole contract completed."
Megaw LJ (at pp 209-210) stated:
All members of the court were viewing the case as from the date of acceptance of the repudiation (although only Megaw LJ said so in terms). They were not taking account of later events. They were recognising, as was obvious on the facts as found, that the value of the contractual right which the owners had lost, as of the date of acceptance of the repudiation, was nil because the charter was bound to be lawfully cancelled three days later.

</doc>
<doc id="21382121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382121" title="Case concerning maritime delimitation in the Black Sea (Romania v Ukraine)">
Case concerning maritime delimitation in the Black Sea (Romania v Ukraine)

Case concerning maritime delimitation in the Black Sea (Romania v Ukraine) [http://www.worldlii.org/int/cases/ICJ/2009/3.html ICJ 3 is a decision of the International Court of Justice. On September 16, 2004, Romania brought its case to the court after unsuccessful bilateral negotiations. On February 3, 2009 the court handed down its verdict, established a maritime boundary including the continental shelf and exclusive economic zones for Romania and Ukraine.
Facts.
In 1997, Romania and Ukraine signed a treaty in which both states "reaffirm that the existing border between them is inviolable and therefore, they shall refrain, now and in future, from any attempt against the border, as well as from any demand, or act of, seizure and usurpation of part or all the territory of the Contracting Party". Both sides agreed that if no resolution on maritime borders could be reached within two years, either side could seek a final ruling from the International Court of Justice. Ten million tonnes of oil and a billion cubic meters of natural gas deposits were discovered under the seabed nearby.
BP and Royal Dutch/Shell signed prospect contracts with Ukraine, and Total contracted with Romania. The Austrian OMV (owner of Romania's largest oil company, Petrom) signed a contract with Naftogas of Ukraine and Chornomornaftogaz to participate in an auction of concession rights to the area.
Due to its location, Snake Island affects the maritime boundary between the two countries. If Snake Island is an island, its continental shelf area would be considered Ukrainian waters. If it is an islet, in accordance with international law the maritime boundary between Romania and Ukraine would not take it into consideration. Romania claimed that Ukraine was developing Snake Island to prove it was an island, rather than an islet.
Court hearings.
On 16 September 2004 Romania brought a case against Ukraine to the International Court of Justice as part of a dispute over the maritime boundary between the two states in the Black Sea, claiming that Snake island had no socioeconomic significance. Islands are generally considered when boundaries are delimited, by the states themselves or by a third party (such as the ICJ). Depending on individual circumstances, islands may theoretically have a full, partial or no effect on determinations of entitlement to maritime areas.
However, in practice even islets are often respected in maritime delimitation. For example, Aves Island was considered in the United States – Venezuela Maritime Boundary Treaty despite its small size and the fact that it was uninhabited. Most states do not distinguish between islands and LOSC Art. 121(3) islets, claiming the shelf as an EEZ for all their islands. Examples include the UK's Rockall Island, Japan's Okinotorishima, the United States' Hawaiian Islands and a number of uninhabited islands along the equator, France's Clipperton and other islands and Norway's Jan Mayen.
Decisions by international courts, tribunals and other third-party dispute-resolution bodies have been less uniform. Although Art.121(3) rocks are taken into account when delimiting maritime boundaries, they may be overlooked, discounted or enclaved if they have an inequitable distorting effect in light of their size and location. Even if such islands are not discounted, their influence on the delimitation may be minimal. Therefore, existing decisions have not reached the level of uniformity necessary for a rule of law.
Until this dispute, there had been no third-party international review of a particular feature's status as a LOSC Art.121(3) rock or Art.121(2) island, and the ICJ's decision was difficult to predict. If it declared Snake Island an island, in delimiting the maritime zones the court could consider “special” or “relevant” circumstances (giving Snake Island full, some or no effect on the boundary). On September 19, 2008, the court closed its public hearing.
Judgment.
The court delivered its judgment on February 3, 2009, dividing the Black Sea with a line between the claims of each country. On the Romanian side, the ICJ found that the landward end of the Sulina dyke (not the manmade end) should be the basis for the equidistance principle. The court noted that a dyke has a different function from a port, and only harbor works form part of the coast.
On the Ukrainian side, the court found that Snake Island did not form part of Ukraine’s coastal configuration, explaining that "to count Island as a relevant part of the coast would amount to grafting an extraneous element onto Ukraine’s coastline; the consequence would be a judicial refashioning of Geography" The court concluded that Snake Island "should have no effect on the delimitation in this case, other than that stemming from the role of the 12-nautical-mile arc of its territorial sea". While the judgment drew a line equitable for both parties, Romania received nearly 80 percent of the disputed area (allowing it to exploit a significant—but undetermined—portion of an estimated 100 billion cubic meters of deposits and 15 million tonnes of petrol under the seabed). However, according to UN International Court Ukrainian commissioner Volodymyr Vasylenko nearly all the oil and gas reserves are concentrated in the seabed going to Ukraine. Ukrainian President Viktor Yuschenko considered the ruling "just and final", hoping that it "opens new opportunities for further fruitful cooperation in all sectors of the bilateral cooperation between Ukraine and Romania".

</doc>
<doc id="21382125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382125" title="2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres">
2003 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 400 metres

These are the official results of the Men's 400 metres event at the 2003 IAAF World Championships in Paris, France. There were a total number of 51 participating athletes, with seven qualifying heats, three semi-finals and the final held on Tuesday 26 August 2003 at 21:50h.
Semi-Final.
<br>
<br>
Heats.
Held on Saturday 23 August 2003
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21382126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382126" title="Ministry of the Popular Power for the Communal Economy">
Ministry of the Popular Power for the Communal Economy

The Ministry of the Popular Power for the Communal Economy (MINEP), also known as the Ministry for Popular Economy, is a ministry of the government of Venezuela which was created by Hugo Chávez in 2004. Succeeding the Ministry of the Social Economy, MINEP manages government relations with, and funding of, local and national cooperatives and microbusinesses.

</doc>
<doc id="21382139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382139" title="Thalarion">
Thalarion

Thalarion is a fictional location appearing in several unrelated works.
H. P. Lovecraft.
Thalarion is a fictional location in H. P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands. The name refers to one of the largest cities in the Dreamlands, known as the "City of a Thousand Wonders", where all the mysteries that man has striven in vain to fathom reside. Its walls are grim and grey, with a great carven gate called Akariel, and the spires of its temples reach to the sky so that none might behold their peaks. The dream traveler Basil Elton described the city as "fascinating yet repellent". It is implied that any human who enters dies or is transformed somehow, and in the city are said to "walk only daemons and mad things that are no longer men". The city is ruled by an entity known as the eidolon Lathi. Thalarion is mentioned in "The Dream Quest of Unknown Kadath" and "The White Ship".
DC Comics.
Thalarion is also a fictional island centered in the DC Comics book "Wonder Woman".
Fictional history.
Thalarion was created by the Olympian god Zeus to home his newly created race of male warriors, the Gargareans. It was created from the island of Themyscira.
On the island Zeus created a kingdom city made of clear crystal and a river of gold. Zeus also provided the island with winged lions and winged horses so that the Gargareans could travel by air.

</doc>
<doc id="21382154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382154" title="Silvio Adzic">
Silvio Adzic

Silvio Adzic (born 23 September 1980 in Grünstadt) is a German football player who currently play for TuS Altleiningen. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for 1. FC Kaiserslautern on 30 September 2000 when he came on as a substitute in the 68th minute in a game against FC Energie Cottbus. He scored one goal in his first Bundesliga season, an equalizer in the 1–1 tie against Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21382160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382160" title="United States v. Weitzenhoff">
United States v. Weitzenhoff

United States v. Weitzenhoff is a legal opinion from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that addresses the confusing "mens rea" requirement of a federal environmental law that imposed criminal sanctions on certain polluters. The main significance of the court's opinion was that it interpreted the word "knowingly" in the statute (that is, a requirement that the violator "knowingly" violated another section of the environmental statute) to mean a general awareness of the wrongfulness of one's actions or the likelihood of illegality, rather than an actual knowledge of the statute being violated. Circuit Court Judge Betty Binns Fletcher authored the majority's legal opinion in this case.
The case is illustrative of the modern trend to weaken the "mens rea" requirement for criminal liability in regulatory offenses or crimes relating to public safety. This case is noteworthy because it has been cited in at least sixteen subsequent legal opinions—not only in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, but also in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, and federal district courts in California, Florida, Indiana, Kansas, and Pennsylvania. This case has been cited or discussed in nearly twenty legal academic journal articles.
The Court of Appeals' detailed explanation of how it interprets what appears to be a specific-intent statute as something akin to a strict liability statute has merited its inclusion in a widely used Criminal Law casebook for 1L law courses.
Factual background.
The defendants, Michael H. Weitzenhoff and Thomas W. Mariani, were managers at East Honolulu Community Services sewage treatment plant in Hawaii. Weitzenhoff and Mariani were indicted for 31 counts of conspiracy and violating the Clean Water Act. Evidence showed that non-biodegradable waste from the treatment plant was dumped into the ocean 40 times from April 1988 to June 1989, grossly exceeding the permit that limited the amount of waste allowed to be dumped into the ocean. Employees testified that they dumped the waste into the ocean during the middle of the night on orders from Weitzenhoff and Mariani. The waste was removed at a point that bypassed the system that kept track of the amount of dumped waste, causing a misrepresentation of waste that was actually being dumped by the treatment plant. The waste that bypassed a part of the system was not being calculated in the total amount of waste being dumped, and was not reported to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or the United States Department of Health. Also, the treatment plant repeatedly denied the floating debris in the nearby ocean came from them as more and more surfers complained. The two managers admitted to ordering the dumping of the waste, but claimed they thought they had a permit allowing them to dump waste into the ocean.
The District Court instructed the jury that “knowingly” meant that Weitzenhoff and Mariani knew they were dumping waste into the ocean. If the jury believed that, then they would be found guilty. The jury found Weitzenhoff and Mariani guilty of six of the thirty one charges. Weitzenhoff was sentenced to 21 months in prison, and Mariani was to serve 33 months.
Ninth Circuit's opinion: the issue of intent.
On appeal, the defendants argued that the judged erred in his/her interpretation of the statute and in the instruction of the jury. They argued that the judge was wrong to instruct the jury that no proof was needed to show they knew their act was unlawful, and that the judge failed to instruct the jury that the Defendants mistakenly thought they were authorized to dump the waste under a permit.
The defendants relied on "Liparota v. United States" in their defense, case involving the fraudulent use of food stamps. There the U.S. Supreme Court had interpreted the word “knowingly” in the statute as implying actual knowledge of the legal violation. The Ninth Circuit distinguished "Liparota" on the grounds that it did not pertain to acts that cause public endagerment, and therefore criminal liability needed to be used more sparingly. The Ninth Circuit found more applicable the case "United States v. International Minerals & Chem. Corp.", in which the Supreme Court had held that when one handles wastes and dangerous materials, knowledge of the regulations is assumed.
The Ninth Circuit affirmed the judgment of the district Court.
Ninth Circuit's opinion: other issues.
The Ninth Circuit also addressed a few other legal issued raised by Weitzenhoff and Mariani.
Expert testimony.
The trial court had allowed government expert witnesses to testify at the trial about the technical terms of the treatment plant's permit, including the limitations on waste discharge into the ocean. Weitzenhoff and Mariani argued that such testimony defining key terms of the permit, and explaining its prohibitions, amounted to an impermissible delegation of the trial judge's duties—it amounted to having these witnesses instruct the jury on the law rather than the judge. The Ninth Circuit agreed with this argument, but held that this was harmless error on the part of the trial judge, "because, under a proper interpretation of the permit, the discharges admitted to by Weitzenhoff and Mariani necessarily violated the permit."
Statutory vagueness.
The defendants also argued that the statute must be unconstitutionally vague, because of the absence of a requirement that they knew they were violating the law, and the fact that key provisions of the permit, in particular those that were debated at trial, have no established meaning. The Ninth Circuit considered this issue but concluded that the defendants had adequate knowledge of the illegality of their dumping, and this made the vagueness issue irrelevant as the defendants had adequate notice.
Other claims.
In the appeal, Weitzenhoff and Mariani also challenged the exclusion of certain evidence at trial, entrapment by "estoppel", prosecutorial misconduct, and a prolonged sentence imposed on Mariani for perjuring himself when he testified at trial.
Request for rehearing (denied) and dissenting opinion.
Weitzenhoff and Mariani requested a rehearing before the Ninth Circuit "en banc", which the Court of Appeals denied, affirming its previous decision by a three-judge panel and making minor revisions in its legal opinion.
Several judges on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals took this opportunity to collaborate on a dissenting opinion against the decisions to deny a rehearing "en banc". Circuit Judge Andrew Kleinfeld authored the legal opinion for this dissent, arguing that imposing criminal liability in this case would deter others from useful careers in the public utilities. Joining in this dissenting opinion were Circuit Judges Alex Kozinski, Stephen S. Trott, and T.G. Nelson.
Rejected appeal to the supreme court.
Mariani and Weitzenhoof appealed their case to the United States Supreme Court, but the Court denied "certiorari", refusing to hear the appeal. This allowed the convictions to stand.

</doc>
<doc id="21382170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382170" title="Merry-Go-Round (1956 film)">
Merry-Go-Round (1956 film)

Merry-Go-Round () is a 1956 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri, based on the short story "Kútban" ("In the Well") by Imre Sarkadi. It was in competition at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21382176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382176" title="Darío Muchotrigo">
Darío Muchotrigo

Club career.
Muchotrigo played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Alianza Lima and Juan Aurich. He also had spells with Tecos in the Primera División de México and Ionikos in the Greek Super League.
International career.
Muchotrigo made 24 appearances for the senior Peru national football team from 1993 to 2001.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21382183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382183" title="Checkmate Savage">
Checkmate Savage

Checkmate Savage is the debut studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Phantom Band, released January 26, 2009 through Chemikal Underground Records to critical acclaim.
The album was produced by Paul Savage, formerly of The Delgados.
Title.
According to the band, the album's title refers to: "over-population, dwindling natural resources and the yawning void within every one of us caused by society's unnatural social contracts, and mass sexual repression, means one thing: it's checkmate for the human animal."
Accolades.
In December 2009, "Checkmate Savage" entered The Skinny's "Scottish Albums of the Decade" list at #28.
The album placed at number 17 in MOJO magazine's top 50 albums of 2009.
In January 2010 the album was given the inaugural "Soundcheck Award" for album of 2009 by Radioeins and Der Tagesspiegel in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="21382184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382184" title="Pincer (biology)">
Pincer (biology)

A pincer is the part of an arthropod that enables it to carry loads, to defend against other creatures, or to attack prey. In insects, the pincers are usually part of the creature's mandible, and often venom or acid can be injected through the pincer into an enemy during a pincer strike.
Some arthropods such as crabs, lobsters, and scorpions possess pincers in the form of chelas at the ends of their front limbs, to assist in feeding, defence or even courtship.

</doc>
<doc id="21382193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382193" title="Archaeoniscus">
Archaeoniscus

Archaeoniscus is a genus of prehistoric isopod, containing three species:
"A. aranguthyorum" is known from late Albian age rocks from Mexico, "A. brodiei" is known from Late Jurassic rocks in Europe, and "A. texanus" is known from the Late Cretaceous of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21382197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382197" title="James Cameron filmography">
James Cameron filmography

James Cameron is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, producer and special effects artist. He has contributed to many projects as either the writer, director, producer, or a combination of the three.
Cameron's first film was the 1978 science fiction short film "Xenogenesis", which he directed, wrote and produced. Cameron's films have grossed a total of over $7 billion worldwide.
In addition to works of fiction, Cameron has directed and appeared in several documentaries including "Ghosts of the Abyss" and "Aliens of the Deep". He also contributed to a number of television series including "Dark Angel" and "Entourage".
Films.
Highest-grossing films.
This is a list of the top 10 highest domestic-grossing films in which Cameron has written, directed, produced, or created characters for, according to Box Office Mojo. This does not include films in which he had a minor role or appeared as a participant, according to the same site. Cameron's films have grossed domestically a total of more than $1.97 billion, and more than $6.13 billion worldwide, with an average of $219 million per film in North America alone.

</doc>
<doc id="21382205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382205" title="Pincers (tool)">
Pincers (tool)

Pincers are a hand tool used in many situations where a mechanical advantage is required to pinch, cut or pull an object. Pincers are first-class levers, but differ from pliers in that the concentration of force is either to a point, or to an edge perpendicular to the length of the tool. This allows pincers to be brought close to a surface, as is often required when working with nails. If the pincers have perpendicular cutting edges, the pincers are often called end-nippers or end-cutters. Carpenter's pincers are particularly suited to these tasks.
Pincers are primarily used for removing objects out of a material that they have been previously applied to. Pincers, often red-hot, have been used as an instrument of torture since ancient Roman times or earlier.
Much of the material in the article on pliers applies also to pincers.

</doc>
<doc id="21382251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382251" title="ST-1">
ST-1

ST-1 is a communications satellite owned by Singapore Telecom and Taiwan's Chunghwa Telecom Company, Ltd. It was placed launched on 25 August 1998, by an Ariane 4 rocket. The two companies jointly operate the spacecraft from control centres located in Seletar, Singapore and Taipei, Taiwan, respectively.
ST-1 carries 16 high-power transponders and 14 medium-power C-band transponders. Weighing over 3,000 kg (6,600 lb.) at launch, ST-1 generates more than 6,500 Watts of electrical power. The satellite’s broad C-band coverage beam extends from the Middle East to Japan, including all of Southeast Asia.
ST-1 also features two Ku-band spot beams: a "K1" beam that stretches from Taiwan to Singapore and from Indonesia to Malaysia and a "K2" beam centred over the Indian subcontinent. The ST-1 satellite currently delivers telephony, digital DTH broadcasting, VSAT and other business services throughout the region.
Singapore Telecom and Taiwan's Chunghwa Telecom Company are in now discussions for a new follow-on satellite that could be launched in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21382259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21382259" title="John Richmond Webb (judge)">
John Richmond Webb (judge)

John Richmond Webb (1721 – 15 January 1766), of Biddesden in Hampshire, was an English lawyer who served briefly as a Member of Parliament and as a Welsh judge.
Webb was the eldest son of General John Richmond Webb by his second marriage. He was admitted as a member of Lincoln's Inn in 1739 and was called to the bar in 1745; he became a bencher of his inn in 1762. In 1761 he was elected to Parliament as member for Bossiney, and was a supporter of The Earl of Bute until his death five years later. In December 1764 he was appointed a judge on the Brecon circuit, which Prime Minister Grenville later cited as an example of the favour that the Grenville government showed to Bute's friends.
He died unmarried.

</doc>
