<doc id="21585576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585576" title="Muzzammil Hassan">
Muzzammil Hassan

Muzzammil Syed Hassan, also known as Mo Steve Hassan, (born May 26, 1964) is a Pakistani-American, and former CEO of Bridges TV. 
Bridge TV was the first American Muslim television network broadcast in English. 
He resigned from the position in February 2009. 
On February 7, 2011, Hassan was found guilty of second degree murder for beheading his wife of eight years, Aasiya Zubair.
Professional life.
Muzzammil Hassan came to the United States from Pakistan at age 17, eventually graduating "magna cum laude" with an MBA from the William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Rochester in 1996. He went on to become a successful banker in Buffalo, New York. 
In 2004, his wife Aasiya prompted him to develop "an American Muslim media where her kids could grow up feeling really strong about their identity as an American Muslim." Hassan expressed belief that some moderate Muslims could not identify with the extreme stereotypes often depicted in Hollywood productions and said that such Muslims "think they are not accurately portrayed" and that "Bridges TV gives American Muslims a voice and will depict them in everyday, real life situations." The Hassans received an award for this effort from the Council on American-Islamic Relations in 2007.
Arrest for murder.
In February 2009, Hassan was arrested and charged with beheading his estranged wife Aasiya Zubair. According to Orchard Park police, Hassan came to the police station at 6:20 pm on February 12, 2009, the day of the killing, and reported his wife dead. Her body was found at the TV station. Police had previously visited the Hassans' home in response to domestic incidents. They were most recently called to the residence February 6, 2009, the day Hassan was served with divorce papers and an order of protection, where it is reported he was banging on doors and even broke a window.
The divorce petition cited "violence and inhuman treatment" as the reason. Police reports indicated that Zubair stated her husband's abusive and controlling behavior had begun at least six years earlier. Muzzammil Hassan was arraigned before Village Justice Deborah Chimes and sent to the Erie County Holding Center. Sources claimed to be close to the case said hunting knives were used to commit the crime.
Reaction to arrest.
Shortly after the arrest, Bridges TV posted the following notice on their website:
Bridges TV is deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan. Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim. We request that their right to privacy be respected.
At the Muslim Community Center in Amherst, New York, more than 200 gathered for early morning prayers and a funeral service for Ms. Hassan, who had been active at the center’s mosque. “She was more of a practicing Muslim” than her husband, said attendee Hassan Shibly to the "New York Times", who worked for the television station with the Hassans prior to enrolling in law school. “She really believed in the cause, wanting to present her faith in an accurate light and now people are blaming her very faith for her death.”
The victim' s sister, 42-year old Asma Firfirey of the vicinity of Cape Town, South Africa, said she and her husband Amier talked to Aasiya Hassan the day of the murder. According to Asma Firfirey, she heard her sister tell Muzzammil Hassan to "calm down" and that they "could talk the following day about the divorce". According to Asma and her husband, they described hearing what sounded like her sister struggling to breathe before the telephone connection ended. Asma Firfirey has said that Hassan, whom she calls "the fat man with the evil eyes," will be more dangerous when he is released on bail.
Khalid Qazi, president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council of Western New York and a friend of the couple, said that Hassan "was worried about the station's future" and added "Domestic violence is despicable, and Islam condones it in no way whatever." Afshan Qureshi, a local Muslim leader and the president of an advocacy group in Rochester, New York for domestic violence victims, lamented that the community had been too quick to overlook Muzzammil Hassan's faults: "We punished the victims. People said the first marriage failed because the girl was American, the second marriage failed because the girl wasn’t patient enough and then, look, the third wife is happy. Everything is OK. The community is an accomplice in the story of Muzzammil Hassan." 
Conversely, Marcia Pappas, New York State president of the National Organization for Women opined "This was apparently a terroristic version of honor killing, a murder rooted in cultural notions about women’s subordination to men." Pappas' superior, Kim Gandy, president of the National Organization of Women, stated:
Although the crime was quickly decried by Muslim groups, many talk shows and blogs used the horror of Muzzammil's act to indict an entire community -- in a way that they would never have accused the entire Christian religion because a Methodist man murdered his estranged wife in a horrible way. Three weeks ago, a Chinese graduate student at Virginia Tech cut off a female friend's head with a knife. Not a single news outlet referred to his religion.
On March 5, 2010, Hassan's attorneys announced that Hassan "isn't even a practicing Muslim and that public speculation has been unfair."
According to a former employee, in the past few years Bridges TV transformed itself into more of a cross-cultural network seeking to bridge the gap between all cultures. Most of their employees were not Muslim, the former employee said, and Muzzammil Hassan himself was not devout, neither praying nor fasting. Out of deference to his Jewish friends, Hassan expressed aversion to producing shows about Palestine. Nancy Sanders, the television station's news director for over two years, said "I just do not feel it was an honor killing. I think it was domestic abuse that got out of control."
The Council on American-Islamic Relations and the Islamic Society of North America responded with an "Open Letter to Muslim Leaders", expressing shock and sadness at the murder, condemning domestic violence, and calling on imams and Muslim leaders to "provide support and help to protect the victims of domestic violence" and "to never second-guess a woman who comes to us indicating that she feels her life to be in danger".
Previous marriages and children.
Prior to his marriage to Aasiya Zubair, Hassan was married twice before: first, to a Caucasian American woman, Janice, with whom he had two children, Michael and Sonia; second, for 13 months to a Pakistani-American Muslim woman, Sadia. According to Sadia's cousin, Zerqa Abid, both of his earlier wives filed for divorce on the same grounds of severe domestic violence and abuses. 
In addition to the two children from his first marriage (ages 19 and 20), he has two children (a girl age 6 and a boy age 8) from his third marriage (to Aasiya).
Trial.
A prosecutor has accused Hassan of stabbing his wife 40 times before beheading her because she filed for divorce six days before. Hassan's lawyer, Jeremy Schwartz, claims Hassan was beaten by his wife and feared for his life. Hassan initially pleaded not guilty to the charge of second-degree murder. The trial began on Tuesday, January 18, 2011. On Monday, January 24, Hassan gained permission from Judge Thomas Franczyk to represent himself after repeatedly trying to dismiss his own defense attorney, Jeremy Schwartz. Hassan did admit, however, that he had beaten his wife repeatedly between December 2007 and March 2008.
On January 24, Hassan asked for the case to be dismissed, citing lack of evidence by the prosecution. This request was denied. On the same day, text messages between Hassan and his wife from the date of the murder were released as evidence. In an unusual turn, Hassan asked to represent himself. After first denying him, Erie County Court Judge Thomas Franczyk eventually granted his request. He testified on the 27th and 28 January, with his former defense attorney Jeremy Schwartz acting as his legal adviser.
Hassan is currently incarcerated in Clinton Correctional Facility. His parole hearing date is set for October 2033.

</doc>
<doc id="21585619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585619" title="Ernie Bowman">
Ernie Bowman

Ernest Ferrell Bowman (born July 28, 1935 in Johnson City, Tennessee) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. Bowman played for the San Francisco Giants from to . He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was signed by the New York Giants as an amateur free agent in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="21585634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585634" title="Gone Maggie Gone">
Gone Maggie Gone

"Gone Maggie Gone" is the thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' twentieth season. It originally aired on FOX in the United States on March 15, 2009. The episode was written by both Billy Kimball and longtime "Simpsons" writer Ian Maxtone-Graham, and directed by Chris Clements. In the episode, Homer leaves Maggie on the doorstep of a convent, but when she disappears, Lisa goes undercover as a nun to solve the mystery. Meanwhile, Homer tries to keep Maggie's disappearance a secret from Marge, who was temporarily blinded while watching a solar eclipse.
Plot.
In his six o'clock newscast, Kent Brockman announces that a solar eclipse will appear in Springfield, exciting the Simpson family. After Homer's camera obscura breaks due to Bart's pushing Homer off of the dog house, Marge gives hers to Homer. As the family expresses delight at seeing the eclipse, an envious Marge peeks at the solar eclipse, which blinds her. After the Simpson family takes Marge to the hospital, Dr. Hibbert informs the family that Marge's eyes must be covered for two weeks, and she must not be put under any stress. In order to deal with a sudden rat infestation, Homer takes Maggie and Santa's Little Helper to the store so he can get rat poison. Bickering between the baby and the dog causes the family's car to fall off a bridge on the way back home. Homer tries to get all three and the poison across a lake in a small boat (a reference to the fox, goose and bag of beans puzzle). He first takes Maggie across and puts her on the doorstep of a convent before rowing back to pick up the poison. In a twisted turn of events, the nuns at the convent take Maggie in and refuse to give her back to Homer.
While Homer and Bart attempt to trick Marge into believing the girls are still at home, Lisa goes undercover as a nun and infiltrates the convent. When Mother Superior refuses to tell her where Maggie is, Lisa discovers that they are seeking a jewel. Another nun informs Lisa of an ancient quest for the mystic gem. Lisa's first clue is to "seek God with heart and soul," which she correctly interprets as playing a few measures of the song by the same name on the convent's organ, activating a Rube Goldberg contraption. She next is told to find the "biggest man-made ring" in Springfield; at first, she assumes it is circular rings, but she learns the biggest ring is the Springfield Bell Tower. Arriving there, she meets Comic Book Guy and Principal Skinner, who tell her that St. Teresa of Ávila had a deathbed vision of a jewel that would bring peace and harmony to the world. She sent a group of nuns to the New World to search for it. They landed in Philadelphia and started a convent, but word of the jewel got to the Freemasons, and Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and King George III banded together to stage a fake revolutionary war to cover their search for the gem, so the nuns fled the colonies and moved to Springfield. Comic Book Guy tells her that the gem will be revealed on the first full moon after a solar eclipse, which is that night. However, the bell is actually papier-mâché, as the real one was melted down during World War II and made into Civil War chess sets. Lisa and Comic Book Guy conclude that the biggest "ring" in Springfield is the RING in the Springfield Sign. Skinner pretends to have concluded it too, but only realizes upon their arrival at the Sign.
At the Springfield Sign, they are met by Mr. Burns and Smithers, who (due to Burns' long-standing membership in the Freemasons) are also aware of the gem. Lisa finds writing on the letters of Springfield (together saying "Great crimes kill holy sage") and unscrambles a message that reads "Regally, the rock gem is Lisa". Mr. Burns takes the others back to the convent where Lisa announces that she is the gem child. A nun however tells her that the gem child is Maggie and rearranges her message to say "It's really Maggie, Sherlock". Upset, Lisa points out that she would have to get it wrong first for it to make sense. Nevertheless, Maggie is put on a throne, causing a light to hit her which makes a rainbow that brings peace all over Springfield. Marge, however, inexplicably bursts in and takes Maggie back. Her eyes are healed upon seeing Maggie. She refuses to give up Maggie for the peace of Springfield saying that "I'm sorry, but I know God would never ask a mother to sacrifice her child for the good of the world... again". On the way home she asks Homer if she was being selfish, but he says that he found a replacement for Maggie; Bart assumes the role of the "gem child", but due to the reflections of his unruly personality, he turns it into a living Hell.
Cultural references.
The main plot of this episode parodies "National Treasure" and "The Da Vinci Code". For example, the bell in the tower turning out to be the wrong one was a scene in "National Treasure", regarding the Liberty Bell. For "The Da Vinci Code", the Holy Grail turned out to be Mary Magdalene, and Sophie was the last remaining heir to the Christ bloodline; whereas in this episode, the gem turns out to be Maggie. In another reference to the "Da Vinci Code", Mr. Burns calls Smithers his loyal albino servant, a reference to Silas from "The Da Vinci Code". The large portion of the first part of the episode involving the rats was an homage to "Ratatouille". The Song that is played when Lisa walks into the monastery is O Fortuna. Bart turning everything to Hell is an homage to "The Omen". The title references the movie "Gone Baby Gone".
Reception.
The episode was well received by television critics. Robert Canning of IGN said: "as entertaining as the story was, it would not have made a difference if it weren't just as equally funny. I laughed throughout the retelling of the legend of St. Theresa, which included pirate nuns and a fake war for independence. Mr. Burns referring to Smithers as his albino was another hilarious bit. Overall, it was the combination of a fully engaging story and great laughs that made "Gone, Maggie, Gone" another winner for "The Simpsons" in their post-hi-def series run." Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" said: "It's been a long time since the show has done something fresh, and I think this is about as good as it's gonna get for a while—even if the episode took a while to get going." TV Verdict's Erich Asperschlager said: "Part "Da Vinci Code", part "National Treasure", and part "Professor Layton", "Gone Maggie Gone" shakes up the "Simpsons" formula in a fun way by introducing one of those American-history-conspiracy-theory-cult-mysteries that are so popular with the kids, as well as those brain-bending-word-and-logic-puzzles that aren’t. "Gone Maggie Gone" is one of the best so far this season."
The episode was nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour) and Outstanding Music Composition for a Series. It lost both awards, to the "South Park" episode "Margaritaville" and "Legend of the Seeker", respectively. It is currently nominated for the Annie Award for "Best Writing in an Animated Television Production." Billy Kimball and Ian Maxtone-Graham have been nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award in the Animation category in 2010 for writing the episode. "The Simpsons" was the only show to be nominated in the category, with the other nominated episodes being "The Burns and the Bees", "Eeny Teeny Maya Moe", "Take My Life, Please" and "Wedding for Disaster" (the winner).

</doc>
<doc id="21585645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585645" title="Timothy Tennent">
Timothy Tennent

Timothy C. Tennent (born September 24, 1959) is an American theologian who is the current president of Asbury Theological Seminary.
Education.
Tennent's education includes a B.A. from Oral Roberts University, an M.Div. from Gordon Conwell (1984), a Th.M. from Princeton Theological Seminary (1991), and a Ph.D. from the University of Edinburgh's Centre for the Study of Christianity in the Non-Western World (1998), where his dissertation was on Indian theologian Brahmabandhab Upadhyay.
Tennent studied under Professor John Brockington, Dr James Cox, and Professor Andrew Walls, and his research focused on the rapidly growing churches outside the West. His Ph.D. dissertation was revised and published in 2000 under the title "Building Christianity on Indian Foundations".
Tennent is also one of four graduates of a three year mentoring in academic leadership program funded through a Lilly Endowment grant.
Career.
Tennent is an ordained elder (minister) in the United Methodist Church in the Kentucky Annual Conference. He is also a direct descendant of William Tennent, the founder of Log College, which was the precursor to Princeton University.
Tennent began his teaching career at Toccoa Falls College, where he was named Teacher of the Year in 1995. From 1998–2009, he served as professor of world missions and Indian studies at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary in South Hamilton, Massachusetts.
He was elected to his current post as president of Asbury Seminary on February 17, 2009 and his tenure began on July 1, 2009. Tennent succeeded Ellsworth Kalas as president of Asbury. He continues to serve as a visiting professor at the Luther W. New Jr. Theological College of Dehradun, India where he has taught each summer since 1988.
In November 2009, Tennent signed an ecumenical statement known as the "" calling on evangelicals, Catholics and Orthodox not to comply with rules and laws permitting abortion, same-sex marriage and other matters that go against their religious consciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21585651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585651" title="Tu Príncipe">
Tu Príncipe

"Tu Príncipe" () is the last single by Daddy Yankee from his album "Barrio Fino". The song features Zion & Lennox.

</doc>
<doc id="21585667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585667" title="Chase N. Peterson">
Chase N. Peterson

Chase Nebeker Peterson (born December 27, 1929) was the president of the University of Utah from 1983 to 1991.
Biography.
Peterson was born in Logan, Utah where his father, E. G. Peterson was the president of what is now Utah State University. Peterson received both his bachelors degree and MD from Harvard University. He then began a private medical practice in Salt Lake City but was later prevailed upon to return to Harvard to take up the post of Dean of Admissions. While dean of Admissions, Peterson chose to not go the route of quotas, instead choosing to hire an African-American to be part of the admissions staff, to use African-Americans in recruiting and in other ways try to affirm the university's support and inclusion of African-Americans without actual quotas.
Peterson married Ann Greta Ballif, who after her marriage was normally referred to as Grethe Ballif Peterson. Grethe was a graduate of Brigham Young University who did graduate studies at Radcliffe College, Southern Connecticut State College and the University of Utah.
While at Harvard, Peterson served as a bishop of the University Ward of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
He later was a vice president at Harvard, and then in 1978 became the vice president for Health Services at the University of Utah. In 1983 he became president of the University of Utah.
In 2006 Peterson received the Harvard Alumni Association medal.

</doc>
<doc id="21585668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585668" title="Amazing (Kanye West song)">
Amazing (Kanye West song)

"Amazing" is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released as the third single for his fourth studio album, "808s & Heartbreak". Co-produced with Victor Alexander, the song features hip hop artist Young Jeezy and contains additional vocals provided by Mr Hudson and Tony Williams. This song was used in the NBA during the 2009 Playoffs, and is featured on the "NBA 2K10" and "NBA 2K13" soundtracks. UFC Fighter Frank Mir walks out to this song before his fights. The song was nominated at the 52nd Grammy Awards in the Best Rap Performance By a Duo or Group category. The song also marks the second collaboration with Kanye West and Young Jeezy, the first being Young Jeezy's 2008 single "Put On". The song also marks the two rappers' second time to do a song to be nominated for a Grammy award.
Release.
"Amazing" was sent to Rhythmic/Urban radio only, while "Paranoid" was sent to Top 40 radio. Prior to becoming a single, "Amazing" debuted at eighty-nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 following the release of "808s & Heartbreak". "Amazing" was used by the NBA during the 2009 playoffs as part of their advertisement campaign and was also used in a commercial for the video game, NBA 2K10. Frank Mir used "Amazing" as his entrance music at UFC 100 prior to his Heavyweight Championship fight against Brock Lesnar as well as before his fights with Cheick Kongo (UFC 107), Shane Carwin (UFC 111), Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira (UFC 140), and Junior Dos Santos (UFC 146). The CTV Television Network used the song to promote its Fall 2013 season.
Chart performance.
Along with "See You in My Nightmares", "Amazing" charted without actually being released as a single following the debut of "808s & Heartbreak". In the United States, the song entered at number eighty-nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number sixty-three on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles chart on the week of December 4, 2008. Although the song relapsed the following weeks, it re-entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 to peak at number eighty-one on May 14, 2009.
After being released onto urban radio, "Amazing" entered the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs at number ninety-six for the issue date of March 28. The song moved up four spaces the next week to reach number ninety-two. That same week, "Amazing" entered and peaked at number twenty-two on Hot Rap Tracks for the issue dated April 11. The following week, the song climbed again to reach the seventy-fourth position. "Amazing" peaked at number sixty-five on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for the issue date of April 18. 
On June 12, "Amazing" debuted on the Swedish Singles Chart at number forty-two.
Music video.
The music video for "Amazing" was filmed in Kauai, Hawaii and directed by Hype Williams. On April 13, 2009, West posted stills from the music video on his blog and announced that it will be released soon. On April 23, 2009, the music video premiered on BET's 106 & Park. The video ranked at #91 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
The models featured in the video were Vanessa Veasley and Sweetie Cyanide.
Live performances.
"Amazing" was first performed live on BET's "106 & Park" on November 25, 2008. Backed by a seven-piece band, West performed the song alongside Jeezy before segueing into the two's previous collaboration, "Put On". West provided another live rendition of "Amazing" during his appearance on VH1 Storytellers on February 28, 2009. On March 21, West performed the song as the intro for his G.O.O.D. Music concert at Levi's/Fader Fort during SXSW. He performed the solo part of the song on 5 July in Hyde Park, London for his headline slot on the final day of the Wireless Festival 2009.
Personnel.
Information taken from "808s & Heartbreak" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="21585669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585669" title="Shone">
Shone

"Shone" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida. It was released as the second single from his second studio album "R.O.O.T.S." (2009). The song features vocals from American R&B singer Pleasure P and was produced by Jim Jonsin and Dre & Vidal. Before being released as a single, the song was used as a demo; in the demo version Rico Love sang the hook and second verse, both of which he wrote.
Music video.
A music video for the song was uploaded to MySpace Video on February 23, 2009.
Release.
In the United States, "Shone" peaked at number 57 on "Billboard" Hot 100 and at number 81 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It also peaked at number 38 on the Canadian Hot 100.

</doc>
<doc id="21585670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585670" title="Victoria &amp; Albert (TV serial)">
Victoria &amp; Albert (TV serial)

Victoria & Albert is a 2001 British-US historical television serial. It focused on the early life and marriage of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The series starred Victoria Hamilton as Victoria, Jonathan Firth as Prince Albert and Peter Ustinov as King William IV. It was directed by John Erman. 
In the UK it was broadcast by the BBC, split into two parts of 100 minutes each. The series is now available on DVD.
Plot.
The first episode covers Victoria's growth from bullied princess to ruling queen, and includes her romance and marriage with Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. The second episode depicts Victoria's life from her first pregnancy to Albert's death, including their family life together and Albert's increasing public role. Each episode is begun and ended by a small section with the 'Old Victoria', at the age of about 78.
New Zealand Rating.
The mini-series is rated  PG  in New Zealand and it contains sex scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="21585672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585672" title="1923 Canton Bulldogs season">
1923 Canton Bulldogs season

The 1923 Canton Bulldogs season was their fourth in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 10–0–2, winning eleven games. With the best record in the league, they were crowned the NFL Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="21585673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585673" title="Neville Chamberlain (footballer)">
Neville Chamberlain (footballer)

Neville Patrick Chamberlain (born 22 January 1960) is an English former footballer. A forward, he scored 73 goals in 296 league games in a ten-year professional career in the Football League. His brother, Mark, was also a footballer, and his nephew Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain plays for Arsenal; both relatives represented England.
He started his career at Port Vale, signing professional forms in January to become the club's first black pro. He followed his brother to Stoke City in September 1982 for a £40,000 fee. He was loaned out to Newport County and Plymouth Argyle, before moving to Newport permanently in 1984. The next year he switched to Mansfield Town, and helped the club to win promotion out of the Fourth Division in 1985–86. He spent the 1987–88 season with Doncaster Rovers, before entering the non-league scene with Stafford Rangers, Worksop Town, Shepshed Charterhouse, Matlock Town, Leek Town and Rocester. He later worked in the management teams at Alsager Town and Hanley Town, and also acted as his brother's agent.
Playing career.
Chamberlain graduated through the Port Vale youth team to make his senior debut on 31 December 1977, in a 3–0 win over Rotherham United at Vale Park. The next month he signed professional forms with the club, becoming Vale's first ever black pro. He scored his first goal against Swindon Town in a 1–0 home win on 11 March 1978, and finished the season with two goals in ten games. Vale were relegated out of the Third Division, and manager Bobby Smith left and was replaced by his assistant, Dennis Butler. The 1978–79 season saw the "Valiants" drop to 16th in the Fourth Division, though Chamberlain's six goals in 28 games did give fans a glimmer of optimism for the future. The teenager came to prominence under short-term boss Alan Bloor in 1979–80, and he hit 11 goals in 35 games to become the club's top scorer. He hit 13 goals in 42 appearances in 1980–81 to become the club's top-scorer for a second time, with brother Mark only three goals behind him in the scoring charts. However he then suffered a decline in form, though still managed to hit nine goals in 37 games in 1981–82, as his brother established himself as Vale's top talent. Manager John McGrath sold his brother to rivals Stoke City, and five games into the 1982–83 promotion campaign "Potters" boss Richie Barker also took the elder Chamberlain to the Victoria Ground for a £40,000 fee. He had played 158 games (141 in the league) for the Vale and scored 41 goals (32 in the league).
He was restricted to four First Division appearances in 1982–83, though his brother continued to impress. He featured three times in 1983–84, and had loan spells with Newport County and Plymouth Argyle, before he joined Newport County permanently for the 1984–85 season. He scored a hat-trick in a 3–3 draw with Derby County at Pride Park on 22 December, and became the club's top scorer with 17 league and cup goals. However Colin Addison could not keep him at Somerton Park, and Chamberlain dropped down a division to sign with Fourth Division club Mansfield Town, who were then managed by Ian Greaves. He scored 23 goals in 76 league and cup games for the "Stags", and helped the club win promotion in 1985–86 and become established in the league above in 1986–87. He then departed Field Mill and switched to Doncaster Rovers, who finished bottom of the Third Division in 1987–88 under Dave Cusack and Dave Mackay. Chamberlain then left Belle Vue and dropped out of the Football League to play for Stafford Rangers, Worksop Town, Shepshed Charterhouse, Matlock Town, Leek Town and Rocester.
Post-retirement.
After retiring as a player he worked as an agent for his brother Mark, and also worked as assistant manager at Alsager Town and manager of Hanley Town. When the pair played together for Port Vale they used to swap shirts at half-time so as to confuse opposition players attempting to mark his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="21585712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585712" title="List of Coronation Street characters (1989)">
List of Coronation Street characters (1989)

The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 1989, by order of first appearance.
Alison Oakley.
Alison Oakley is a woman who Brian Tilsley meets in a nightclub on 15 February 1989 after splitting from his wife Gail. Brian tries to defend Alison against two young thugs who begin harassing her, which results in Brian being fatally stabbed. In her first appearance, she is only credited as "Disco Girl" and not by her name. Nine years later, Brian's son Nick seeks her out at a bar to learn the truth about Brian's death. Alison reveals that Brian had goaded his killer, shattering Nick's illusion of his father.
Darren Whateley.
Darren Whateley is Brian Tilsley's killer who stabs him when he defends Alison Oakley, a girl he has met at a club, from Darren and two friends. Darren stabs Brian in the abdomen whilst his friends hold him against a wall and leaves him to die in an alleyway. In his first appearance he is only credited as "Disco Youth" and not by his name. He is subsequently found guilty of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Darren reappears in Weatherfield in 1998, by which time he has been paroled from his life sentence, when he appears at Brian's son, Nick's college as a guest speaker talking about life in prison. Nick, who was eight years old at the time of the murder, then realises that he is his father's killer. Nick then devises a plan for his wife Leanne to write to Darren in prison, after he has been paroled, in order to trap him, however, this backfires, when Leanne's life is endagered after Darren arrives at her home. Leanne and Nick's mother Gail report Darren to the police and he is arrested and his parole is rescinded. He is subsequently returned to prison.
Wendy Crozier.
Wendy Papadopoulos (née Crozier), played by Roberta Kerr, made her first screen appearance on 28 June 1989. Wendy worked for the council and had an affair with Ken Barlow (William Roache), which led to his divorce from his wife, Deirdre (Anne Kirkbride).
When Mervyn Watson joined "Coronation Street" as their new producer, he felt that the serial "needed gee-ing up slightly" and set about making changes. He implemented many fast paced stories, including Wendy and Ken's affair. The storyline began in September 1989, when Wendy is fired from her job at the Town Hall after she leaks information to Ken. He subsequently offers Wendy a job working for his newspaper the "Recorder". By October the pair had begun an affair. Kirkbride told Daran Little in his book "The Coronation Street Story" that she and Roache were upset by the storyline because it ruined their routine. While Roache said that he had a hard time understanding why Ken would be unfaithful again. Wendy and Ken's relationship failed and he attempted to reunite with Deirdre. Wendy departed on 7 May 1990.
On 13 July 2012, it was announced Kerr had reprised her role and Wendy would be returning to "Coronation Street" later in the year. Wendy reappears again as a potential governor for Bessie Street Primary School and she discovers she is up against Ken for the role. The former couple get reacquainted, but Ken decides to keep Wendy a secret from Deirdre. Of Wendy's return, series producer Phil Collinson stated "Ken's affair with Wendy was one of "Coronation Street's" defining stories during the 80's. Viewers were on the edge of their seats as they watched the disintegration of The Barlows' marriage and over 20 years later I hope they will be again. I'm delighted to welcome Roberta back as Wendy and can assure viewers that her reunion with Ken will be one of many must see storylines this summer" Wendy returned on 24 September 2012.
While working as a secretary for the Council's Planning Committee, Wendy begins leaking information about corruption to Ken Barlow, owner of the "Weatherfield Recorder". Ken's wife, Deirdre, finds out about the leaks and warns Ken and Wendy to stay away from each other. When Deirdre is almost fired by the chairman, she tells him that Wendy is Ken's mole and the chairman sacks Wendy instead. Feeling responsible, Ken gives Wendy a position with the newspaper. Ken and Wendy grow closer and they share a kiss, when she cooks him a meal for his birthday. They eventually begin an affair and Wendy decides to leave the newspaper, so Ken can use the excuse of having to run the office by himself to stay out late. Wendy starts asking Ken to tell Deirdre about their affair and Ken agrees. However, he does not tell Deirdre and Wendy briefly stops seeing Ken. Deirdre finds out about the affair and throws Ken out. Wendy takes him in and helps him run the newspaper, while he sorts out his finances and the divorce. Deirdre demands half of the "Weatherfield Recorder's" profits and Ken sells the paper to the "Gazette". He and Wendy are kept on in their jobs by the new owners. Wendy forms a bond with Ken's daughter Tracy (Dawn Acton). Wendy is offered Ken's job when he leaves the paper and their relationship eventually breaks down. Wendy asks Ken to meet her stepmother, Sylvia (Avril Angers), but they end up arguing in front of her. Ken becomes depressed and admits to Wendy that he should not have left Deirdre for her. He then walks out on Wendy.
Twenty-two years later, Ken runs for the Chair of Governors at Bessie Street School and is shocked to learn Wendy is also a governor at the school. Things between them are initially awkward, but they go for a drink and agree to put the past behind them and focus on the school. Wendy tells Ken that a year after they parted, she married a man called Christos Papadopoulos and moved to Norfolk. However, Christos got sick and died a few years later, so Wendy moved back to Manchester.
Reg Holdsworth.
Reginald "Reg" Holdsworth, played by Ken Morley, made his first screen appearance on 25 October 1989.
Reg was married to Veronica, however, she off-loaded him smartly after discovering his affair with a store detective. Rather than slink off wounded into the sunset, Reg began cutting a swath through the single women of Coronation Street, starting with Rita Fairclough. They attended a couple of tea dances together and stuck up a platonic friendship. But Reg wanted more than a two-step. To secure his friendship with Rita he doctored up a trolley race at the supermarket so that Rita would be the winner and, thus win her affections. He underestimated Rita's character and when she discovered the ruse, promptly showed him the door and donated the trolley race winnings to a local charity. Reg never gave up on a conquest even if there wasn't a hope. He could be found leering over his glasses in the Rovers, at any female under 60 that looked like they had a pulse.
In 1992, Reg recognized his old girlfriend Maureen Naylor from days long gone, stacking shelves at his own store Bettabuys. They had first met in Llandudno in 1968 and fell in love. Now they found themselves besotted with each other again after 25 years and began a new relationship. Unfortunately there was one large problem: Maureen's mother, Maud Grimes. Maud disliked Reg right from the start and wished Maureen would find someone less pompous and self-aggrandized. Reg and Maud fought from dawn until dusk but neither wavered from their love for Maureen. Poor Maureen was stuck between her love for Reg and her duty to her mother. In one of his more memorable scenes Reg, desperate to consummate the relationship, finally lured Maureen to his waterbed, whereupon it burst and deposited its watery contents to the shop below mortifying Maureen.
Reg married Maureen Naylor in January 1994 and bought the Corner Shop from Alf Roberts for £68,000. Maureen managed the shop with her wheelchair-bound mother behind the till. The three lived in relative harmony - Reg as a member of the Square Dealers and Maureen as a staple in the community - until the relationship between the couple took a downward turn. Reg was posted to a Bettabuys in Lowestoft, which meant a long commute for the pair. There, true to his unfaithful nature, he found yet another woman Yvonne Bannister. Reg Holdsworth left the street and a heartbroken Maureen behind, to start a new life with Yvonne who was pregnant with his child.
Morley later crossed over his role of Reg into the 1999 Emmerdale video spin off "Emmerdale: Don't Look Now! - The Dingles in Venice".
Morley reprised his role as Reg in 2010 for the DVD special "A Knight's Tale", in which he worked for former colleague Curly Watts as an event planner at Tatlock Towers, a 'medieval castle' and tourist attraction. He got sacked due to a debacle at the event, but was rehired again by Curly. He also fancied Mary Taylor, although nothing came of it. In December 2010, Mary Taylor received a Christmas Card from Reg.
Liz McDonald.
Liz McDonald, played by Beverley Callard, made her first screen appearance on 27 October 1989. Callard previously appeared in "Coronation Street" as June Dewhurst in 1984. A few years later, Callard's agent called and told her that the soap's series producer, Mervyn Watson, wanted her to come in for an audition as he had remembered her. The actress won the regular role of the McDonald family matriarch, Liz. The character was married to Jim McDonald (Charles Lawson) and they had twin sons; Steve (Simon Gregson) and Andy (Nicholas Cochrane). During Liz's tenure, she endured being beaten up by Jim, divorce, catfights and numerous love affairs. The storylines made her "one of the Street's best-loved characters."
Andy McDonald.
Andrew Richard "Andy" McDonald, played by Nicholas Cochrane, debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 6 December 1989. He was a regular character from 1989 until 1997, and has made guest appearances in 2000, 2004 and 2009.
Andy was introduced as part of the McDonald family consisting of parents Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) and Jim McDonald (Charles Lawson) and their twin teenage boys Andy and Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). Cochrane and Gregson were chosen by producer Mervyn Watson and casting director James Bain from their school in Manchester. Teachers informed them of the chance to join the cast of "Coronation Street" and they had photographs taken of themselves. One week later they were called to attend an improvisation session with Callard and Lawson who had already been cast in the parental roles. They chose which two actors they liked the most from thirty that auditioned. While their characters are twins, Cochrane was one year older than Gregson.
Cochrane told a reporter from "Look-in" that his character is "a bit of a devil a bit of a rogue". Andy has "brains and knows it" but often he does not use them. He added that Andy "always enjoys himself, but hates to be told things. He's a sound character, a bit like me, but with brains." However, Andy got on the actor's nerves at times because he acts "like a wimp and never sticks up for himself". While he is gifted in the "brains department" he is easily led into trouble by Steve. Cochrane explained that the only way to end Andy's "problems" would to be given "a good steady girlfriend to sort him out". Gregson told the writer that "the good thing" about the McDonald brothers is that "they stick up for each other [... they get on most of the time".
Cochrane's first fight scene as Andy occurred when he and Steve clashed over a girl. The actor was sixteen at the time and he told Paul Byrne from the "Daily Mirror" that it was his "first taste of proper action". The pair had "great fun" as they memorised fight sequence chorography to make it appear as though Andy and Steve were "were having a real go at each other". Cochrane and Gregson ended up damaging the set during filming and incurred costs to the props department.
In one storyline Andy decides to drop out of university. But Jim was not happy with his son's decision and they argued. Cochrane told Rob Sharp in the book "The Official 1997 Annual of Coronation Street" that he loved arguing with Lawson during filming. He explained that Jim's attitude to his decision "infuriated Andy so much that he turned on his dad and branded him a failure". Cochrane enjoyed the scenes because he felt that it "really pushed" him as an actor. Their relationship came under more strain when Andy began drinking which led his alcoholic father back into drinking. The scenes featured Jim challenging Andy to a drinking session. Cochrane told the "Daily Mirror's" Byrne that it was "really frightened Andy to think his dad was going back on the bottle". The pair end up fighting, Crochane and Lawson had rehearsed the scene prior to the actual shoot. He said that he was "in awe" of Lawson's performance; during the shoot "the adrenaline was pumping" for Cochrane so much that he ripped Lawson's shirt.
In 1997, the serial's new producer axed the character during his revamp of the series. Cochrane was filming a scene in the Rovers Return when he was called in to see Park who informed him that he had lost his job. The actor was being paid sixty thousand pounds to play Andy and he initially worried about his mortgage. He Byrne that Lawson, Callard and Gregson were supportive towards him after they read about his sacking in the national newspapers. Park informed Cochrane that Andy "was in a rut" and they were "struggling to find storylines" for him. Cochrane admitted that he was already aware of this because Andy "was too much of a goody two-shoes". Park suggested that the character needed a break from the series with possibility of a future return. The actor added that "looking at it now, I realise it is probably best for both me and the character."
Andy arrives on the Street with his family as an adolescent in 1989. Studious and conscientious, he is very different from his brother Steve, although he does get into several scrapes as a teenager. Andy passes his exams and goes to university but drops out, much to his parents' dismay, because of a girlfriend with whom he shortly afterwards splits up. He works at a supermarket as a trainee manager for a while, but eventually leaves Weatherfield to move to Spain, where he remains as a teacher of English.
He makes occasional returns to his former home, attending re-marriage of his parents and the wedding of his twin brother, Steve, where he serves as best man. During his return in 2000 for his parents' wedding he has a one-night stand with Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and then when he returned in 2004 for Steve and Karen (Suranne Jones)'s wedding he is reprimanded by Toyah's mother Janice (Vicky Entwistle).
In June 2008, Steve goes to Spain to visit Andy for their 34th birthday and returns to the Street in July. Andy does not appear on screen. In April 2009, Liz visits Andy after he has injured himself and stays there for several months. In 2009, Andy and Liz return to the Street for Steve and Becky (Katherine Kelly)'s wedding. He leaves Weatherfield with his dad Jim McDonald (Charles Lawson) a week after the wedding.

</doc>
<doc id="21585746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585746" title="Closed for Winter">
Closed for Winter

Closed for Winter is a 2009 Australian drama film starring Natalie Imbruglia.
It is based on Georgia Blain's critically acclaimed novel of the same title. The film was produced by Goalpost Pictures.
Synopsis.
The film depicts the emotional and poetic story of a beautiful young woman, Elise, who is haunted by a tragic event in her youth.
As she attempts to piece together the mystery of her sister's disappearance at the beach, 20 years before when both were children, Elise must face dark family secrets that have remained unspoken. As the past is revealed, she at last finds the courage to begin to live.
Release.
The film premiered at the Adelaide International Film Festival on 27 February 2009. On 23 April 2009, it received a theatrical release at select cinemas in Melbourne, Sydney, Perth and Noosa.
Reception.
The film has garnered a generally positive critical reception. The Adelaide Film Festival reviewer praised Imbruglia's "impressive" performance and continued to state that "The beach and the missing child are both motifs which have a powerful place in Australian culture as well as having a particularly local resonance."
"The Australian" described the film as "compelling" and praised the performances of Imbruglia and Green. The cinematography of Kim Batterham was also praised. The reviewer expressed that the screenplay should have broadened its emotional range.
"ABC Australia" gave the film three stars and praised Imbruglia's and Green's performances. The reviewer was also enthusiastic about Batterham's cinematography but expressed regret at some of the casting.
"The Sydney Morning Herald" also gave the film three stars. The reviewer remarked on Imbruglia's "impressive" performance.
"Variety" agreed with several previous reviewers, praising Imbruglia's performance—"Believably expressing what it must be like to live with ungovernable sorrow, the actress proves to have much more than just a face the camera adores"—as well as that of other cast members: "Younger cast members also impress." The reviewer, however, craved greater dialogue and did not feel that Elise (Imbruglia) and co-worker Martin (Frederiksen) were a believable couple. The reviewer concluded with exemplary comments on the technical aspects of the film, describing it as "first class", and going on to say, "Kim Batterham's striking widescreen imagery casts a warm glow over the youthful summer flashbacks, with tighter, cooler framing for Elise's troubled present. Rita Zanchetta's outstanding production design features Dorothy's house as a time-frozen mausoleum of anguish that creaks and groans with what seems to be its own shallow breath."
Box Office.
"Closed For Winter" grossed $53,370 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21585804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585804" title="Salisbury-Elk Lick School District">
Salisbury-Elk Lick School District

The Salisbury - Elk Lick School District is a public school district serves Salisbury Borough and Elk Lick Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania and is located only two miles from the Mason-Dixion Line. The district encompasses approximately 60 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 3,171. According to District officials, in school year 2007-08 the SELSD provided basic educational services to 345 pupils through the employment of 40 teachers, 18 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 3 administrators.
Facilities.
Both the Elementary School and the Junior - Senior High School Share a piece of land on Smith Avenue in Salisbury, PA.
Salisbury-Elk Lick Junior/Senior High School (Grades 7-12)
Elementary School (Grades K-6)
The Elementary School was erected in 1973, consolidating the Salisbury Borough, Boynton, Saint Paul, and Springs Schools. The building has all the modern amenities of a standard Elementary School.
School Webpage
Academic achievement.
Salisbury-Elk Lick School District was ranked 222nd out of 493 Pennsylvania school districts in 2010 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on three years of student academic performance on the reading, writing, math and two years of science PSSAs.
2009 - 165th<br>
2008 - 202nd out of 497 school districts<br>
2007 - 220th out of 501 school districts.
In 2009, the academic achievement of the students of the Salisbury-Elk Lick School District was in the 56th percentile among 500 Pennsylvania school districts. Scale - (0-99; 100 is state best)
Graduation Rate:
Salisbury-Elk Lick Junior Senior High School.
PSSA Results<br>
11th grade Reading<br>
2010 - 60% on grade level. State - 67% of 11th graders on grade level. (28 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 62%, State - 65%<br>
2008 - 71%, State - 65%
11th Grade Math<br>
2010 - 64% on grade level. State - 59% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2009 - 48%, State - 56%<br>
2008 - 71%, State - 56%
11th Grade Science:<br>
2010 - 10% on grade level. State - 40% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2009 - 42%, State - 40%<br>
2008 - 47%, State - 39%
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $5,759 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. 
Beginning with the class of 2015, students must take the Keystone Exams in reading and math.
Eighth Grade.
Reading<br>
2010 - 80% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 81% of 8th graders on grade level. (20 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 80%, State - 80% (64 pupils)<br>
2008 - 77%, State - 78% (55 pupils)
Math:<br>
2010 - 80% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 75% of 8th graders are on grade level.<br>
2009 - 46%, State - 71%<br>
2008 - 80%, State - 70%
Science:<br>
2010 - 30% on grade level. State - 57% of 8th graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 33%, State - 55%.<br>
2008 - 67%, State - 52%
Seventh Grade.
Reading:<br>
2010 - 62% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 73% of 7th graders are on grade level. (27 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 75%, State - 71%<br>
2008 - 50%, State - 70% 
Math:<br>
2010 - 59% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 77% of 7th graders are on grade level.<br>
2009 - 75%, State - 75%<br>
2008 - 50%, State - 70%
Challenge Program.
The Challenge Program, Inc. offers $250.00 cash incentives to Salisbury-Elk Lick High School students who excel in the categories of: Academic Improvement, Attendance, Community Service and Academic Excellence. The program partners with businesses to motivate students both in and out of the classroom by encouraging good habits in students that will last throughout their education and into their future careers. For the 2010-2011 school year, the top 10% of students in each of the categories will be eligible to win $250.00.
Salisbury-Elk Lick Elementary School.
Sixth Grade:
6th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 73% on grade level. State: 68% of 6th graders were on grade level. (23 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 92%, State - 67%<br>
2008 - 60%, State - 67%
6th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 95% on grade level. State - 78% of 6th graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 96%, State - 75%<br>
2008 - 66%, State -72%
5th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 93% on grade level. State - 64% of 5th graders were on grade level. (15 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 92%, State - 64%<br>
2008 - 45%, State - 61%
5th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 99% on grade level. State - 74% of 5th graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 94%, State - 73%<br>
2008 - 65%, State - 73%
4th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 91% on grade level. State - 72% of 4th graders were on grade level. (19 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 92%, State - 72% (52 pupils enrolled)<br>
2008 - 82%, State - 70%
4th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 100% on grade level. State - 84% of 4th graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 94%, State - 81<br>
2008 - 96%, State - 79%
4th Grade Science:<br>
2010 - 100% on grade level. State - 81% of 4th graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 100%, State - 83%<br>
2008 - 96%, State - 81%
3rd Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 79% on grade level. State - 75% of 3rd graders were on grade level. (13 pupils enrolled)<br>
2009 - 91%, State - 77%<br>
2008 - 83%, State - 77%
3rd Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 100% on grade level. State - 84% of 3rd graders were on grade level.<br>
2009 - 87%, State - 81%<br>
2008 - 94%, State - 80%
Special education.
In December 2009, the district administration reported that 11 pupils received Special Education services. 
Intermediate Unit 8 and each school district in Bedford, Blair, Cambria and Somerset counties has established and implemented procedures to locate, identify, and evaluate students and young children suspected of being exceptional. These procedures include screening activities which include but are not limited to: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, and report cards); hearing screening (at a minimum of kindergarten, special ungraded classes, first, second, third, seventh, and eleventh grades); vision screening (every grade level); motor screening; and speech and language screening. In schools which have a Pre-Referral, Child-Study, Early Intervening or Instructional Support Team, the above screening activities may lead to consideration by the teams to move the next level of screening activities. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the District's Department of Special Education.
Bullying policy.
In 2009, the administrative reported there was one incident of bullying in the district.
The school board prohibits bullying by district students and by faculty. The board's policy defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Enrollment and Consolidation.
Salisbury-Elk Lick School District is the second smallest school district in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, there are fewer than 250 students enrolled in K-12. The senior class of 2010 had 35 students. The class of 2011 has 28 members. Enrollment in Salisbury-Elk Lick School District is projected to continue to decline by 50 more students by 2015. The administrative infrastructure and mandate related costs per pupil are very high. With limited local resources, opportunities for students are limited.
A study was done in 2004, examining consolidating Salisbury-Elk Lick School District with neighboring Meyersdale Area School District. It found considerable savings would be achieved by both communities. Consolidation with Rockwood Area School District was also examined and would have achieved cost savings. The study noted that consolidation could significantly decrease administrative costs for both communities while improving offerings to students. Consolidation of school district administrations does not require the consolidation of schools. These savings could be redirected to improving lagging student achievement, to enriching the academic programs or to reducing property taxes.
Over the next 10 years, rural Pennsylvania school enrollment is projected to decrease 8 percent. The most significant enrollment decline is projected to be in western Pennsylvania, where rural school districts may have a 16 percent decline. More than 40 percent of elementary schools and more than 60 percent of secondary schools in western Pennsylvania are projected to experience significant enrollment decreases (15 percent or greater). As the enrollment declines, per pupil administrative costs of the schools will continue to rise.
Pennsylvania has one of the highest numbers of school districts in the nation. In Pennsylvania, 80% of the school districts serve student populations under 5,000, and 40% serve less than 2,000. Less than 95 of Pennsylvania's 501 school districts have enrollment below 1250 students, in 2007. This results in excessive school administration bureaucracy and not enough course diversity. In a survey of 88 superintendents of small districts, 42% of the 49 respondents stated that they thought consolidation would save money without closing any schools.
A school district consolidation study was conducted by the Pennsylvania Economy League in 1994. It looked at a consolidation of Salisbury-Elk Lick with the neighboring Meyersdale Area School District. The study was performed at the districts' request. One finding from the study was that if the districts were merged in 1992-93, the local tax effort required of the merged district would have fallen in between the two districts. It was estimated that Salisbury's tax rate would decrease by 17 mills in the 1992-93 school year, and the Meyersdale's tax rate would increase by 8 mills in the 1992- 93 school year. The merger did not take place, despite Meyersdale's desire to proceed with it.
Governance.
The school district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reported employing over 40 teachers with a salary range of $25,000 to $68,000 for 180 days. Additionally, teachers receive an extensive benefits package including life insurance, health insurance, defined benefit pension, paid professional development, paid sick and personal days.
In 2007, the district employed 34 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $33,965 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation.
Salisbury-Elk Lick School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $1,126.61 per pupil. This ranked 36th for per pupil administrative spending in the state. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. Mr. Joe Renzi is the Acting Superintendent. and Brenda Krause-Courtney is the Business Manager.
In 2008, the district reported spending $10,480 per pupil which ranked 443rd among 500 Pennsylvania school districts.
In August 2009, the Pennsylvania auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the school board and the administration.
Reserves In 2008, the district reported a $1,414,088 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as zero.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local income tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the person's wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2010-11 budget year, the Salisbury-Elk Lick School District was allotted a 2% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $1,998,872. The highest increase in Somerset County was provided to North Star School District and Somerset Area School District both of which received a 2.82% increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The amount of increase each school district receives is set by the Governor and the Secretary of Education as a part of the state budget proposal given each February.
In the 2009-2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided the district with a 3.33% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $1,595,678. Somerset Area School District got a 4.87%. The state Basic Education Funding to the district in 2008-09 was $3,230,215. Ninety Pennsylvania school districts received a 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009. In 2008, SELSD received $1,896,489 in state Basic Education Funding.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the district applied for and received $70,625 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The Salisbury-Elk Lick School District uses the funding to provide Pre-Kindergarten and increased instructional time.
Federal Stimulus grant.
The district benefitted from grants totaling $481,552 of ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding is for the 2009-10 and 2010-2011 school years.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 127 students qualified for free or reduced-price lunch due to low family income in 2008.
Race to the Top Grant.
School district officials applied for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have provided hundreds of thousands of additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. The administration, school board and teachers' union prioritized free resources to improve student success over local control. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Salisbury-Elk Lick School District did not apply in 2006-07 or in 2007-08. The school received $74,6913 in 2008-09.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Salisbury-Elk Lick School Board decided to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
Property tax rates in 2010-11 were set by the school board at 23.1100 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region.
Act 1 Adjusted Index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Salisbury-Elk Lick School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
2006-07 - 5.5%, Base 3.9%<br> 
2007-08 - 4.9%, Base 3.4%<br> 
2008-09 - 6.3%, Base 4.4%<br> 
2009-10 - 5.8%, Base 4.1%<br> 
2010-11 - 4.1%, Base 2.9%<br> 
2011-12 - 1.9%, Base 1.4%
The Salisbury-Elk Lick School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index for the budget in 2010-2011. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Salisbury-Elk Lick School District was $184 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 669 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Somerset County, 47% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. In Somerset County, the highest amount of tax relief in 2010, went to Shanksville-Stonycreek School District at $211. The highest property tax relief in Pennsylvania went to the residents of Chester Upland School District of Delaware County who received $632 per approved homestead. This was the third year they were the top recipient.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently, individual with income much more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by school board policy. 
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="21585805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585805" title="Badke Quartet">
Badke Quartet

The Badke Quartet is a British string quartet. Founded in 2002 at London's Royal Academy of Music, it won 1st prize and audience prize in the 5th Melbourne International Chamber Music Competition.
The Quartet regularly perform at leading venues throughout the UK, Ireland and the rest of Europe.
The Quartet has worked with some of the world’s greatest string quartets and studied with Gabor Takács-Nagy at IMS Prussia Cove and members of the Alban Berg Quartet in Cologne. From 2005 to 2009 the Quartet held the Senior Leverhulme Chamber Music Fellowship at the Royal Academy of Music.
The Badke Quartet regularly performs at concert halls and festivals in the UK and abroad, including the Aldeburgh, Aix-en-Provence and Verbier Festivals, West Cork Chamber Music Festival, London’s Wigmore Hall, Kings Place, and the Musikverein in Vienna.
The Quartet enjoys collaborations and has worked with musicians such as Mark Padmore, Sir Thomas Allen, John Mark-Ainsley, Nicholas Daniel, Simon Crawford-Philips, Simon Lane and Malcolm Martineau.
No strangers to the airwaves, the Badke Quartet has frequently broadcast live on BBC Radio 3 as well as on Classic FM, Lyric FM (Ireland), ABC Classic FM (Australia) and for the European Broadcasting Union. In 2007, the Quartet won 1st prize and audience prize at the 5th Melbourne International Chamber Music Competition.
Last season saw the Quartet perform all over the UK and Ireland, premiere two new works written specially for the Quartet at Kings Place in London and further afield played in Norway, Spain, Germany, Sweden and made its début at the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam.
Believing strongly in the importance of education work, in building new audiences and making chamber music much more accessible, the Quartet performs in schools across the UK, bringing chamber music to hundreds of children in conjunction with the Cavatina Chamber Music Trust.
The Badke Quartet is most grateful to the Hattori Foundation, Musicians Benevolent Fund, Nicholas Boas Charitable Trust, Fidelio Charitable Trust, Tillett Trust and several private sponsors for their continued support.
The Quartet play on a fine set of instruments. Charlotte performs on the 1685 ‘Gagliano’ Stradivarius, which the Stradivari Trust is helping to raise the funds needed to secure the violin for her use; Emma plays on a Nicolò Amati violin from 1672, kindly on loan from a private donor; Jon plays a Marino Capicchioni viola and Jonathan is performing on an fine Italian cello from Venice c.1730 also facilitated by Nigel Brown’s Stradivari Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="21585842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585842" title="Railway stations in Italy">
Railway stations in Italy

Most railway stations in Italy are maintained and operated by RFI, a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato Group. A minor part of them are operated by private and regional companies, conceded by the state.
Classification.
"RFI" classifies stations into Platinum, Gold, Silver and Bronze categories.
Platinum.
Major stations with over 6,000 passengers per day. As major interchanges they will have many departures and arrivals daily, and will be served by high speed/long distance services. They are the principal stations for the Italian cities they serve. They have the highest commercial potential (both fares and revenue from on-site merchants).
16 stations are classified as platinum:
Gold.
Gold stations have high traffic levels. These include major urban inter-changes and stations serving large towns. They have a lower commercial potential.
Silver.
This class includes all other small to medium sized stations served by metropolitan and regional services. Some of these may be served by long distance services.
Bronze.
Small stations with low passenger numbers. This includes minor stations served by regional services.
Stations by region.
Lists of railway stations in Italy by region.

</doc>
<doc id="21585849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585849" title="Sariwangi">
Sariwangi

Sariwangi is an Indonesian beverage brand by Unilever. Sariwangi is a brand applied to tea, which is very popular in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="21585909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585909" title="John Rowland (footballer)">
John Rowland (footballer)

John Douglas Rowland (born 7 April 1941) is an English former footballer who was known for his powerful 'hammer shot'. A forward, he scored 62 goals in 250 league games in a nine-year career in the Football League.
He began his career at Nottingham Forest in 1960, before being sold on to Port Vale for £6,000 in August 1962. In September 1966, he was sold on to Mansfield Town for £6,500. Two years later he joined Tranmere Rovers, before dropping into non-league football with South Shields in 1969; he finished his career at Derry City.
Playing career.
Rowland played for Ironville Amateurs before joining First Division side Nottingham Forest. He played 26 league games under Andy Beattie in 1960–61 and 1961–62, scoring three goals.
He was signed by Port Vale manager Norman Low for £6,000 in August 1962. Low was quickly replaced by Freddie Steele, and Rowland took a while to blend into the team, though he scored seven goals in 41 games in 1962–63. He scored just four goals in 28 games in the 1963–64 campaign. He found his form by September 1964, and hit five goals in 43 games in 1964–65 under new manager Jackie Mudie, though this was not enough to prevent the "Valiants" slipping into the Fourth Division. He scored 23 goals in 46 games in the 1965–66 season to become the club's top scorer; he managed to score in seven straight league games from 4 September to 4 October. In September 1966, he was sold to Tommy Cummings' Mansfield Town for £6,500. He had made 166 appearances (149 in the league) and scored 43 goals (40 in the league) for the Vale. He was happy to stay at Vale Park, but Vale director Tommy Talbot advised him to take the move as the club were desperately short of funds.
The "Stags" finished ninth in the Third Division in 1966–67, though they only avoided relegation in 1967–68 under Tommy Eggleston after Peterborough United were hit with a 19 point deduction. In two seasons at Field Mill, Archer made 53 appearances in all competitions, scoring 16 goals. He played for Tranmere Rovers in 1968–69, playing 26 league games and scoring three goals under Dave Russell's stewardship. He then dropped into non-league football with Northern Premier League side South Shields; he later turned out for Derry City.

</doc>
<doc id="21585952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585952" title="Kevin Burns (Florida mayor)">
Kevin Burns (Florida mayor)

Kevin Burns was mayor of North Miami, Florida from 2005 to 2009.
Early life and career.
Burns graduated from Miami Edison High School and Miami Dade College. Now attending Barry Univ, He is a real estate broker for International realty, and owner of "North Miami KB’s Christmas Trees."
Mayor.
Burns was elected mayor of North Miami in May 2005. Mayor Burns' campaign and administration have been mainly focused on education. His administration helped construct an agreement between the City of North Miami and the Miami-Dade County School Board that will bring four new schools to North Miami by 2010. He has also worked to improve North Miami's business community, and is an advocate for stricter code enforcement and capital improvement projects. He is term-limited, and will not be able to seek reelection in 2009.
Senate Campaign.
In February, 2009, Burns announced he was forming an exploratory committee to seek the seat in the United States Senate being vacated by incumbent Mel Martinez. He appeared at the 2009 Florida Democratic Convention and since then has toured the state.
Community involvement.
Burns is the former Chairman of the Greater North Miami Chamber of Commerce, a position that he was voted into by fellow chamber members in September 2006. He is also a past president of the Keystone Point Home Owners Association, a former chairman of the North Miami University Relations Board, and a founding member of the Community Policing Commission. 
Private life.
Burns lives in North Miami with his husband of 30 years Rob and their twelve year-old daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21585970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21585970" title="Ed Philpott">
Ed Philpott

Ed Philpott (born September 14, 1945 in Wichita, Kansas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Boston Patriots in the fourth round of the 1967 NFL Draft. He played college football at Miami (OH).
Philpott is a member of the Patriots 10 Year Anniversary Team.

</doc>
<doc id="21586018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586018" title="Northern Integrated Supply Project">
Northern Integrated Supply Project

The Northern Integrated Supply Project is a proposed water project in northern Colorado coordinated by the Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District.

</doc>
<doc id="21586041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586041" title="1923 Chicago Cardinals season">
1923 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1923 Chicago Cardinals season was their fourth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 8–3, losing four games. They finished sixth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21586064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586064" title="Charles Francis Laseron">
Charles Francis Laseron

Charles Francis Laseron (6 December 1887 - 27 June 1959), was an American-born Australian naturalist and malacologist.
Early life and education.
Laseron was born on 6 December 1887 at Manitowoc, Wisconsin, United States of America, to English parents the Rev. David Laseron, and his wife Frances, née Bradley. After relocating temporarily to London in 1888, the family migrated to Australia in January 1891. In 1892 his father was shot while travelling on a train; the shooting caused lasting health problems for Reverent Laseron who resigned his post in Sydney three years later and then moved his family to Lithgow, New South Wales where he was given charge of the parish.
Charles attended St Andrew's Cathedral School as scholar and chorister and later studied at Sydney Technical College where he was awarded the diploma in geology. He was employed by the Technological Museum in July 1906 and published a series of papers.
Australian Antarctic Expedition.
He was a member of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under (Sir) Douglas Mawson. He travelled with Frank Hurley, Bob Bage, Eric Webb, Herbert Murphy and John Hunter. The group travelled by sledge, departing their base camp on 10 November 1912. Murphy, Hunter and Laseron were the support party for Hurley, Bage and Webb, and turned back on 22 November 1912 after setting up a supply depot.
War service.
Following the outbreak of World War I, Laseron enlisted in the First Australian Imperial Force on 9 September 1914. He sailed from Melbourne in December 1914 on the "SS Ulysses". Laseron served with the 13th Battalion in the Gallipoli Campaign, being wounded on 27 April 1915 at Anzac Cove. After spending three months in hospital in England he was discharged as medically unfit.
Later life.
Laseron returned to work at the museum after his discharge, working in the geology department and later in applied art. He campaigned unsuccessfully for the establishment of a formal collection, and resigned in 1929 to set up his own business as an antique-dealer and auctioneer. He served again during World War II as a map reading instructor but was discharged as medically unfit due to illness in 1944.
Laseron died on 27 June 1959 in Concord Repatriation General Hospital. He was survived by his wife Mary, who he had married on 22 March 1919, and their children.

</doc>
<doc id="21586084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586084" title="Pnai Plus">
Pnai Plus

Pnai Plus (, lit. "Leisure Plus") is an Israeli magazine published weekly, which covers the world of entertainment and television worldwide and is a local TV guide. Created in 1989 and owned by Yedioth Ahronoth, the magazine contains sections such as cinema, music, culture, and food.

</doc>
<doc id="21586095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586095" title="Marita Golden">
Marita Golden

Marita Golden (born April 28, 1950) 
is an award-winning novelist, nonfiction writer, distinguished teacher of writing and co-founder of the Hurston/Wright Foundation, a national organization that serves as a resource center for African-American writers.
Marita Golden was born in Washington, D.C., in 1950 and attended the city’s public schools. She received a B.A. in American Studies and English from American University and a M.SC. in Journalism from Columbia University. After graduating from Columbia, she worked in publishing and began a career as a free-lance writer, writing feature articles for many magazines and newspapers including "Essence Magazine", the "New York Times", and the "Washington Post".
Her first book, "Migrations of the Heart" (1983), was a memoir based on her experiences coming of age during the 1960s and her political activism as well as her marriage to a Nigerian and her life in Nigeria where she lived for four years.
She has taught at many colleges and universities, including the University of Lagos in Lagos Nigeria, Roxbury Community College, Emerson College, American University, George Mason University, and Virginia Commonwealth University. She holds the position of Writer in Residence at the University of the District of Columbia, in Washington, D.C. Previous Writer-in-Residence positions have been held at Brandeis University, University of the District of Columbia, Hampton University, Simmons College, Columbia College, William and Mary, Old Dominion University and Howard University.
As a literary activist, she co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based African American Writers Guild, as well as the Zora Neale Hurston/Richard Wright Foundation, which serves the national and international community of Black writers.

</doc>
<doc id="21586145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586145" title="Alpenfest">
Alpenfest

The Alpenfest takes place in Gaylord, Michigan. For over 40 years the Alpenfest has been a tradition for the townspeople and its visitors. The Alpenfest is held the third week of July.
The history of the Alpenfest.
In the 1960s Gaylord's image transitioned into an Alpine look. This was because there was a new particle board plant opening in Otsego County and Gaylord is located in the heart of it. They changed the town to an Alpine look, in respect to the Founder of the company. Fred Fahmi, who happened to be a Swiss businessman. The opening of the new plant meant a lot of new jobs, which was a big deal and something worth celebrating. In 1964 a committee was formed to set up an event to honor the opening of the new plant as well as the newly designed downtown Gaylord. The original event was called The Alpine Festival. It is now shortened to Alpenfest but is still celebrated as one of Gaylord's biggest events each summer.
Events.
The 2012 Alpenfest will be held from July 17 – 21, 2012. Festivities will include arts and crafts on display and for sale, parades, concerts and stage shows, and tasty traditional foods. Kid's games, also carnival rides and family entertainment are always a reason for people to stop downtown and partake in some of the fun. The main event is the Burning of the Boogg. It is a symbolical ceremony where a wool statue is lit in flames to celebrate spring. Contests such as a yodeling contest, swiss stone spitting contest, franc flipping contest and a beauty pageant.
Burning of the Böögg history.
In Zürich, Switzerland they create a snowman out of wood and fill the head with fireworks. In April they light the snowman on fire. People in Zurich say, "the faster the head explodes, the warmer or better summer will be." In Zurich, the burning of the Böögg is to be the transition from winter to spring. In Gaylord however, they inherited the tradition from Switzerland, but changed the meaning to better suit Gaylord. In Gaylord, their snowmen are made of cotton wool, and instead of it being the transition of seasons, people write their worries and problems down on a piece of paper and they place the paper inside the snowman. After that they light the snowman on fire and all worries and problems are supposed to disappear with the snowman.
Other attractions in Gaylord.
Gaylord has many other attractions that should be interesting such as Elk Park. At Elk Park, visitors can watch the deer and elk in their natural habitat,and they could feed them.

</doc>
<doc id="21586148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586148" title="The Lost Fingers">
The Lost Fingers

The Lost Fingers is a Canadian gypsy jazz music group formed in Quebec City. Its members are Alex Morissette (backing vocals, double bass), François Rioux (guitar), Valérie Amyot (Vocals) and Byron "Maiden" Mikaloff (Vocals, guitar).
"Lost in the 80s", their 2008 debut album, earned a platinum certification for sales of 100,000 within Quebec alone within 12 weeks of its release. Canadian distribution outside Quebec began on 27 January 2009, after which the album's sales reached 200,000. Internationally, "Lost in the 80's" has been released in over eight countries including the USA, Belgium, France, Mexico, Switzerland and Spain. In terms of 2008 domestic sales by Canadian artists, this album was second only to Nickelback's "Dark Horse". Their second album "Rendez-vous rose" was released on 16 June 2009 and features versions of successful French-language songs. Rendez-vous Rose officially reached gold album status in 2009 selling over 45,000 albums.
The band's name was inspired by gypsy jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt who lost the use of two fingers following a fire.
In 2009, the group was nominated for two Juno Awards in the categories of Fan Choice Award and Album of the Year based on the success of their debut release.
Their fourth album "La Marquise" was released 21 November 2011 on record label Tandem.

</doc>
<doc id="21586164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586164" title="Shell molding">
Shell molding

Shell molding, also known as shell-mold casting, is an expendable mold casting process that uses a resin covered sand to form the mold. As compared to sand casting, this process has better dimensional accuracy, a higher productivity rate, and lower labor requirements. It is used for small to medium parts that require high precision.
Shell mold casting is a metal casting process similar to sand casting, in that molten metal is poured into an expendable mold. However, in shell mold casting, the mold is a thin-walled shell created from applying a sand-resin mixture around a pattern. The pattern, a metal piece in the shape of the desired part, is reused to form multiple shell molds. A reusable pattern allows for higher production rates, while the disposable molds enable complex geometries to be cast. Shell mold casting requires the use of a metal pattern, oven, sand-resin mixture, dump box, and molten metal.
Shell mold casting allows the use of both ferrous and non-ferrous metals, most commonly using cast iron, carbon steel, alloy steel, stainless steel, aluminum alloys, and copper alloys. Typical parts are small-to-medium in size and require high accuracy, such as gear housings, cylinder heads, connecting rods, and lever arms.
The shell mold casting process consists of the following steps:
Pattern creation - A two-piece metal pattern is created in the shape of the desired part, typically from iron or steel. Other materials are sometimes used, such as aluminum for low volume production or graphite for casting reactive materials.
Mold creation - First, each pattern half is heated to 175-370°C (350-700°F) and coated with a lubricant to facilitate removal. Next, the heated pattern is clamped to a dump box, which contains a mixture of sand and a resin binder. The dump box is inverted, allowing this sand-resin mixture to coat the pattern. The heated pattern partially cures the mixture, which now forms a shell around the pattern. Each pattern half and surrounding shell is cured to completion in an oven and then the shell is ejected from the pattern.
Mold assembly - The two shell halves are joined together and securely clamped to form the complete shell mold. If any cores are required, they are inserted prior to closing the mold. The shell mold is then placed into a flask and supported by a backing material.
Pouring - The mold is securely clamped together while the molten metal is poured from a ladle into the gating system and fills the mold cavity.
Cooling - After the mold has been filled, the molten metal is allowed to cool and solidify into the shape of the final casting.
Casting removal - After the molten metal has cooled, the mold can be broken and the casting removed. Trimming and cleaning processes are required to remove any excess metal from the feed system and any sand from the mold.
Examples of shell molded items include gear housings, cylinder heads and connecting rods. It is also used to make high-precision molding cores.
Process.
The process of creating a shell mold consists of six steps:
The machine that is used for this process is called a "shell molding machine". It heats the pattern, applies the sand mixture, and bakes the shell.
Details.
Setup and production of shell mold patterns takes weeks, after which an output of 5–50 pieces/hr-mold is attainable. Common materials include cast iron, aluminum and copper alloys. Aluminum and magnesium products average about as a normal limit, but it is possible to cast items in the range. The small end of the limit is . Depending on the material, the thinnest cross-section castable is . The minimum draft is 0.25 to 0.5 degrees.
Typical tolerances are 0.005 mm/mm or in/in because the sand compound is designed to barely shrink and a metal pattern is used. The cast surface finish is 0.3–4.0 micrometers (50–150 μin) because a finer sand is used. The resin also assists in forming a very smooth surface. The process, in general, produces very consistent castings from one casting to the next.
The sand-resin mix can be recycled by burning off the resin at high temperatures.
Advantages and disadvantages.
One of the greatest advantages of this process is that it can be completely automated for mass production. The high productivity, low labor costs, good surface finishes, and precision of the process can more than pay for itself if it reduces machining costs. There are also few problems due to gases, because of the absence of moisture in the shell, and the little gas that is still present easily escapes through the thin shell. When the metal is poured some of the resin binder burns out on the surface of the shell, which makes shaking out easy.
One disadvantage is that the gating system must be part of the pattern because the entire mold is formed from the pattern, which can be expensive. Another is the resin for the sand is expensive, however not much is required because only a shell is being formed.
Property Name Shell Mold Casting Sand Casting 
Shapes Thin-walled: Complex, Solid: Cylindrical, Solid: Cubic, Solid: Complex
(Flat, Thin-walled: Cylindrical, Thin-walled: Cubic) Thin-walled: Complex, Solid: Cylindrical, Solid: Cubic, Solid: Complex
(Flat, Thin-walled: Cylindrical, Thin-walled: Cubic) 
Part size Weight: 0.5 oz - 220 lb Weight: 1 oz - 450 ton 
Materials Metals, Alloy Steel, Carbon Steel, Cast Iron, Stainless Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Nickel Metals, Alloy Steel, Carbon Steel, Cast Iron, Stainless Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Magnesium, Nickel
(Lead, Tin, Titanium, Zinc) 
Surface finish - Ra (μin) 50 - 300
(32 - 500) 300 - 600
(125 - 2000) 
Tolerance (in.) ± 0.015
(± 0.006) ± 0.03
(± 0.015) 
Max wall thickness 0.06 - 2.0 0.125 - 5
(0.09 - 40) 
Quantity 1000 - 1000000
(100 - 1000000) 1 - 1000
(1 - 1000000) 
Lead time Weeks
(Days) Days
(Hours) 
Advantages:
Can form complex shapes and fine details, Very good surface finish, High production rate, Low labor cost, Low tooling cost, Little scrap generated.
Can produce very large parts, Can form complex shapes, Many material options, Low tooling and equipment cost, Scrap can be recycled, Short lead time possible. 
Disadvantages:
High equipment cost, Poor material strength, High porosity possible, Poor surface finish and tolerance, Secondary machining often required, Low production rate, High labor cost.
Applications:
Cylinder heads, connecting rods Engine blocks and manifolds, machine bases, gears, pulleys.
References.
Notes.
http://www.custompartnet.com/wu/shell-mold-casting

</doc>
<doc id="21586183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586183" title="1982 All-Pro Team">
1982 All-Pro Team

The 1982 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, and Pro Football Weekly in 1982. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the four teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". The Sporting News did not choose a 1982 All-Pro team due to the player’s strike.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21586192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586192" title="Cristo de la Concordia">
Cristo de la Concordia

Cristo de la Concordia ("Christ of Peace") is a statue of Jesus Christ located atop San Pedro Hill, to the east of Cochabamba, Bolivia. It is accessible by cable car, or by climbing 2,000 steps. The statue is tall, on a pedestal of , for a total height of . The statue is slightly larger than Christ the King in Świebodzin, Poland (if the high crown of Christ the King is not counted) and Christ the Redeemer outside Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, making it the largest statue of Jesus Christ in the world. It is the third largest statue in the Southern Hemisphere, after the statue of Virgen de la Paz in Venezuela, and the statue of Saint Rita of Cascia in Brazil. The left hand of the statue points to the South, and the right points to the North.
Facts.
Construction of the statue began on 31 July 1987, and was completed 4 November 1997. It was designed by César and Wálter Terrazas Pardo, and was modeled after Christ the Redeemer. Standing above the city of Cochabamba, the statue rises above sea level. Upon its completion, it became the largest statue of Jesus Christ in the world, surpassing the one it was modeled after. It weighs approximately . The head of the statue is tall, and weighs . The arms span . The statue has a surface area of 2,400 sq. metres (25,833 sq. ft.). 1,399 stairs lead to a viewing area inside the arms of the statue, but visitors are only permitted to make the ascent on Sundays. 

</doc>
<doc id="21586195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586195" title="U.S. Route 501 in Virginia">
U.S. Route 501 in Virginia

U.S. Route 501 (US 501) is a part of the U.S. Highway System that runs from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina to Buena Vista, Virginia. In Virginia, the U.S. Highway runs from the North Carolina state line near Cluster Springs north to its northern terminus at US 60 in Buena Vista. US 501 is the primary highway between Lynchburg and both South Boston in Southside Virginia and Durham in North Carolina's Research Triangle. North of Lynchburg, the highway parallels the James River through the Blue Ridge Mountains to the southern end of the Shenandoah Valley.
Route description.
North Carolina to Lynchburg.
US 501 enters Halifax County, Virginia south of Cluster Springs. The U.S. Highway is a two-lane road at the North Carolina state line but immediately expands to a four-lane divided highway named Huell Matthews Highway. US 501 parallels the Mayo River north to the hamlet of Mayo, where the highway meets the western end of SR 96 (Virgilina Road) and crosses the Hyco River. The U.S. Highway passes through Cluster Springs to the community of Riverdale just south of South Boston. US 501 becomes an undivided highway and intersects US 58 and US 360, which together head west as Philpott Road and east as Bill Tuck Highway. US 501 crosses the Dan River into the town of South Boston. Just north of the river, the highway has a grade crossing of Norfolk Southern Railway's Danville–Richmond rail line and splits into a one-way pair: Broad Street northbound and Main Street southbound. Both directions intersect SR 304 (Seymour Drive). When Main Street veers northeast as two-way SR 129, southbound US 501 continues on two-way Wilborn Avenue to the northern end of the one-way pair.
US 501 continues through South Boston on Wilborn Avenue, a five-lane road with center turn lane. The U.S. Highway becomes four-lane divided Halifax Road at Hamilton Boulevard. US 501 receives the northern end of SR 129 (Old Halifax Road) shortly before leaving the town of South Boston. The U.S. Highway enters the town of Halifax and becomes Main Street, a three-lane road with center turn lane, at its grade crossing of Norfolk Southern's Durham District. US 501 continues to the county courthouse, where the highway intersects the very short SR 349 (Edmunds Boulevard) and SR 360 (Mountain Road), which runs concurrently with the U.S. Highway through the northern part of the town. The two highways diverge: SR 360 heads northeast as Bethel Road and US 501 heads northwest as two-lane L.P. Bailey Memorial Highway. which crosses Banister Lake, an impoundment of the Banister River, as it leaves the town of Halifax.
US 501 passes through Volens and Acorn on its way to the hamlet of North Halifax, where the highway begins to run concurrently with SR 40 (Stage Coach Road). The highways cross the Roanoke River into the town of Brookneal in Campbell County and pass under Norfolk Southern's Altavista District rail line. The highways continue as Lusardi Drive to Lynchburg Avenue in the center of town; SR 40 turns southeast while US 501 turns north west onto the street just north of the highways' grade crossing of the Durham District rail line. US 501 leaves the town as Brookneal Highway, which parallels the rail line through the communities of Naruna and Gladys on its way to Rustburg, the county seat of Campbell County. The U.S. Highway intersects SR 24 (Colonial Highway) at the southern edge of the village. The highways have a short concurrency before SR 24 continues east as Village Highway and US 501 heads northwest as Campbell Highway. North of Rustburg, US 501 expands to a four-lane divided highway into the independent city of Lynchburg, where the highway meets US 29 and US 460 (Richmond Highway) at a partial cloverleaf interchange. US 501 Business and US 460 Business head straight on Campbell Avenue while US 501 joins the freeway heading southwest.
Lynchburg to Buena Vista.
US 501 runs concurrently with US 29 and US 460 southwest along the northern slope of Candlers Mountain to a full Y interchange where US 501 heads northwest from the freeway. The U.S. Highway has an intersection with SR 128 (Mayflower Drive) and Candlers Mountain Road just east of the highway's crossing of Norfolk Southern's Danville District. SR 128 joins US 501 on Candlers Mountain Road between the intersection and the highway's cloverleaf interchange with US 29 Business (Lynchburg Expressway). US 501 exits onto the expressway while SR 128 continues west to its terminus. US 501 and US 29 Business head southwest along the freeway until the business route exits onto Wards Road to head toward Danville. US 501 curves northwest and has a cloverleaf interchange with US 460 Business (Timberlake Road), crosses Norfolk Southern's Blue Ridge District, and has a diamond interchange with Graves Mill Road. The freeway ends at US 221 (Lakeside Drive). US 501 heads north along Old Forest Road as a five-lane road with center turn lane before turning onto a two-lane segment of the Lynchburg Expressway. This segment has a partial cloverleaf interchange with Wiggington Road before ending at US 501 Business (Boonsboro Road).
US 501 heads northwest on two-lane Boonsboro Road, which becomes Lee Jackson Highway when it exits the city of Lynchburg into Bedford County. The U.S. Highway curvaceously crosses Fleming Mountain and descends into the James River gorge at Coleman Falls. US 501 follows the south bank of the river through Big Island, where the highway meets the northern end of SR 122 (Big Island Highway) and has an interchange with the Blue Ridge Parkway. North of Big Island, the U.S. Highway crosses the river and immediately intersects SR 130 (Elon Road) on the Amherst County side. The two highways have a curvaceous crossing of the spine of the Blue Ridge Mountains before descending to the town of Glasgow at the mouth of the Maury River. The two routes follow the river upstream a short distance before SR 130 (Wert Faulkner Highway) crosses the river into the town. US 501, now named Glasgow Highway, parallels the river and Norfolk Southern's Roanoke District rail line north to the city of Buena Vista, which the highway enters as Magnolia Avenue. South of the downtown area, US 501 veers onto Sycamore Street while US 501 Business continues along Magnolia Avenue. At 22nd Street, the U.S. Highway veers onto Beech Avenue, which receives the northern end of US 501 Business (Park Avenue) west of Southern Virginia University. Two blocks to the north, US 501 reaches its northern terminus at US 60 (29th Street).

</doc>
<doc id="21586232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586232" title="Emma Lucy Gates Bowen">
Emma Lucy Gates Bowen

Emma Lucy Gates Bowen (1882–1951) was an American opera singer and later the wife of Albert E. Bowen a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). She was often referred to as Lucy Gates and after her marriage as Lucy Gates Bowen or just Lucy Bowen.
Emma Lucy Gates was the daughter of Jacob F. and Susa Young Gates, and thus a granddaughter of Brigham Young. She did not began her formal musical studies until the age of 12. She studied both violin and piano as well as vocal performance. In 1898 she traveled to Göttingen, Germany to study there. The next year she began studies at the Berlin Conservatory but later began private studies under Blanche Corelli.
Lucy received a contract with the Royal Opera of Berlin in 1909 and in 1911 became the prima coloratura soprano with the Kassel Royal Opera. In 1915, Lucy formed the Lucy Gates Grand Opera Company with her brother B. Cecil Gates. In July 1916 Lucy married widower Albert E. Bowen. Even after her marriage to Albert Bowen in 1916 she continued performing in operas and did recordings with Columbia Records.
Lucy and Albert did not have any children of their own, but she raised his two sons from his first marriage.
In 1928, Bowen served as an alternate delegate to the Republican National Convention from Utah. In 1937 Albert Bowen was called as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve and it was about this time that Lucy ended most of her public music appearances, although she continued teaching those seeking to enter opera until her death. Her last public concert appearance was in 1948.
One of the Heritage Halls at Brigham Young University is named for Bowen.

</doc>
<doc id="21586255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586255" title="The Wallchart of World History">
The Wallchart of World History

The Wallchart of World History: From Earliest Times to the Present is a synchronological wallchart and timeline ("timechart") that graphically depicts the history of mankind from 4000 BC, the biblical beginning of man, to modern times.
The chart is based on the Bible, thus a chronological history of the Bible is presented on its first pages, causing nowadays some reluctance to use the chart, that eventually merges with secular history on the pages following.
The original version by Edward Hull was published in 1890 and spanned to his present day in the 19th century. The chart has been later updated to continue up to the 21st century.
Format and design.
The chart maintains a Victorian design (even in updated versions) and is thoroughly accompanied by illustrations.
As indicators of time, all through is the chart divided into big black posts which mark centuries and thin red lines which mark decades (with very thin red lines occasionally marking single years).
Additionally, big red crosses indicate great persecutions of Christians at the times of the Roman Empire and small red crosses stand for each of the crusades. Red circles indicate ecumenical councils. Also, question marks indicate uncertainties (they are mostly seen at the beginning of the timechart, where the certainty of events and the accuracy of dates are most disputed).
The nation streams are segmented into different colours, each colour indicating the reign of a particular ruler or a certain type of government. In some cases, prime ministers are shown in the lower half of nation streams and presidents in the upper half. Coloured scrolls and strips near the top of the chart stand for important people other than the rulers and other political leaders shown on the nation streams. These streams grow wider or thinner in accordance to historical context. Some streams divide to indicate a split in the nation (e.g. to indicate the independence of a state) or flow into others to illustrate its conquest, invasion, or acquisition by such other nation.
Suzi Feay of "The Independent" describes the chart's peculiar design for a peculiarly big scope of human history as something that "resembles an unusually complicated digestive system, with its lines, loops, bulges and branches."
Content.
The chart begins with Adam and Eve and advances with their genealogy. At a point of this genealogy, after the deluge (which is indicated by a black line), the chart is divided in two: the upper part continuing with the genealogy and the lower broader part showing the origin of the first nations as men supposedly separated because of the confusion of tongues following the construction of the Tower of Babel. The link between the genealogy upwards and the nation streams downwards is presented by recognizing the founders of each nation as specific people from the genealogy, in accordance to certain interpretations of The Bible.
At certain points of the chart, large percentages of space are occupied by big empires such as the Babylonian Empire (under the reign of Nebuchadnezzar II), the Persian Empire, the Macedonian Empire, and the Roman Empire, which, at one page, occupies almost the entire part of the chart used for nation streams.
At the fall of Rome, the empire's colossal nation stream is divided into many smaller streams of Barbaric Kingdoms.
As history advances, the nation streams, being first wavy, gradually straighten up, probably to illustrate how history becomes more certain and undisputed as it narrows down to the present.
The independence of many colonies is clearly shown as big nation streams standing for colonial empires split into several smaller streams. World War I and World War II are indicated by bold black lines behind the streams with a thickness determined by their duration.

</doc>
<doc id="21586263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586263" title="Youyi">
Youyi

Youyi (友谊; lit. "friendship") may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="21586266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586266" title="Monoliths &amp; Dimensions">
Monoliths &amp; Dimensions

Monoliths & Dimensions is the sixth studio album by the avant-garde drone doom band Sunn O))). The album was created and recorded over a period of two years and features the collaborations of composer Eyvind Kang, Australian guitar player Oren Ambarchi, Hungarian vocalist Attila Csihar, Dylan Carlson from the drone band Earth, and trombonists Julian Priester and Stuart Dempster. There's also an upright bass trio; French and English horns; harp and flute duo; piano, brass, reed, and string ensembles; and a Viennese woman's choir led by Persian vocalist Jessika Kenney.
However, the band said, "The album is not Sunn O))) with strings or metal-meets-orchestra material." The band took an approach concentrating on more of allusion toward the timbre of feedback and the instruments involved, so the piece is really illusory, beautiful and not entirely linear, stating, "end product is the most musical piece we’ve done, and also the heaviest, powerful, and most abstract set of chords we’ve laid to tape."
When speaking at the launch of Monoliths & Dimensions Stephen O'Malley told Alex Templeton-Ward that the album was "like a prism ……our music is the white light going in, a lot of the colour comes out the other side through the amazing arrangements and personalities of the guest performers and core collaborators… I think the main topic of this album is elaboration, expansion and prismatic detail. The source of that detail is inherent in the sounds of the guitars and the notes of those arrangements."
The final song, titled "Alice", is a dedication to the late Alice Coltrane.
Reception.
Initial critical response to "Monoliths & Dimensions" was very positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 88, based on 16 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="21586276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586276" title="Short Mountain (Virginia)">
Short Mountain (Virginia)

Short Mountain lies along the northwestern margin of Massanutten Mountain in Shenandoah County, Virginia. It is seven miles in length, from Mount Jackson on the south end to Edinburg on the north, so it was also once known as "Seven-Mile Mountain". The Massanutten Trail traverses the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="21586283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586283" title="Miralles Tagliabue">
Miralles Tagliabue

Miralles Tagliabue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21586298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586298" title="China–Syria relations">
China–Syria relations

China–Syria relations are foreign relations between China and Syria. Diplomatic relations between both countries were established on August 1, 1956. China has an embassy in Damascus and Syria has an embassy in Beijing.
Economic relations.
China and Syria have significant trade relations. In 2009, mutual trade between the two countries was worth nearly $2.2 billion according to figures from the International Monetary Fund, and similar trade volumes were expected by the Syrian Ministry of Economy for 2010. The trade, however, is almost entirely one way. Exports from Syria to China made up less than 1 percent of the total trade volume at $5.6 million, while exports from China to Syria were worth $2.2 billion making China Syria's main importer. China is actively involved in Syria's oil industry. China National Petroleum Corporation is a joint venture partner with Syria's national oil company and Royal Dutch Shell in the Al-Furat Petroleum Company, the main oil producing consortium in the country. The Al-Furat consortium produces some 100,000 barrels per day (bpd). Sinochem is another Chinese oil company that has been very active in recent oil exploration tenders. China's CNPC and Sinopec are helping to revive output under rehabilitation contracts for small mature oil fields in Syria. 
Military relations.
In 1969, then chief of staff Mustafa Tlass led a military mission to Beijing, and secured weapons deals with the Chinese government. In a move calculated to deliberately antagonize the Soviet bears to stay out of the succession dispute then going on in Syria, Mustafa Tlass allowed himself to be photographed waving Mao Zedong's Little Red Book, just two months after bloody clashes between Chinese and Soviet armies on the Ussuri river. The Soviet Union then agreed to back down and sell Syria weapons.
In 1993 and 1996, China was reported to be assisting Syrian ballistic missile programs.
On October 19, 1999, Defence Minister of China, General Chi Haotian, met with Syrian Defence Minister Mustafa Tlass in Damascus, Syria, to discuss expanding military ties between Syria and China. 

</doc>
<doc id="21586320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586320" title="Anthony J. Motley">
Anthony J. Motley

Reverend Anthony J. Motley is an American religious and community leader from Southeast Washington, D.C. 
He received his formal education in the District of Columbia Public Schools, graduating from the Anacostia High School. He served two tours of duty with US military. Motley earned a Master of Divinity from the Howard University School of Divinity, and a Bachelor of Arts in Communications from the University of Detroit.
In 2001 Reverend Motley worked to form what is now the J.O.B.S. Coalition of Greater Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="21586321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586321" title="Trial by Jury (film)">
Trial by Jury (film)

Trial by Jury is a 1994 American thriller film directed by Heywood Gould and starring Joanne Whalley, Gabriel Byrne and Armand Assante.
Tagline.
For one juror, the question of guilt or innocence is a matter of life or death... her own.
Plot.
Crime boss Rusty Pirone (Armand Assante) is about to stand trial again and Daniel Graham (Gabriel Byrne) of the district attorney's office is determined this time to put him behind bars.
Pirone sends one of his henchmen, a burned-out ex-cop named Tommy Vesey (William Hurt), to threaten Valerie Alston (Joanne Whalley), a juror. Unless she cooperates by finding Pirone innocent and deadlocking the jury, Vesey intends to do harm to Valerie's young son.
Eleven jurors vote guilty. Valerie incurs the wrath of the others, who feel Pirone's guilt is obvious. One by one, though, she begins to persuade others to vote her way.
Pirone goes free. Graham is furious and, when he discovers Valerie's role in the verdict, he begins to pressure her. Valerie is adamant that she has done nothing wrong and feels that she has protected her son, but Pirone won't leave it at that. He forces himself sexually on her and continues to make veiled threats against her life.
Vesey's conscience gets the better of him and he intervenes in an attempt by Pirone's jealous woman, Wanda, to have Valerie killed. Vesey dies in the act of saving Valerie's life.
With nowhere else to turn, Valerie decides to seduce Pirone at his home, then kill him herself.

</doc>
<doc id="21586326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586326" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T38">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T38

The Women's 100m T38 had its competition held on September 9 with the First Round at 10:50 and the Final at 18:00.

</doc>
<doc id="21586378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586378" title="Market demand schedule">
Market demand schedule

In economics, a market demand schedule is a table that lists the quantity of a good all consumers in a market will buy at every different price. A market demand schedule for a product indicates that there is an inverse relationship between price and quantity demanded.
The graphical representation of a demand schedule is called a demand curve.

</doc>
<doc id="21586381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586381" title="Khabab">
Khabab

Khabab (, Syriac: ܟܚܐܒܐܒ, ) is a town located in southern Syria in the Hauran plain, part of the Daraa Governorate, 57 km (~36 miles) south of Damascus and about the same distance from the city of Daraa.
The old name of the town is Abiba in the old Syrian languages Aramaic, Syriac, (Assyrian), it means a plain green grass.
History.
In 1596 Khabab appeared in the Ottoman tax registers as "Habab" and was part of the "nahiya" of Bani Kilab in the Qada of Hauran. It had a Muslim population consisting of 45 households and 30 bachelors, and a Christian population consisting of 3 households and 2 bachelors. Taxes were paid on wheat, barley, summer crops, goats and beehives.
Climate.
Weather in Khabab follows the southern region of Syria, a moderate with a few waves of a cold winter and relatively hot in the summer.
The climate in Khabab clearly shows the seasons sequence, summer the air tends to be heat during the day with a beautiful night with a dry breeze, and autumn begins with yellow leaves and cooler weather followed by cold winters, especially in the months of December and January and February, where spring begins with March.
Rainfall average ~250 mm (till year 2000), temperature Min, Max (-4 Winter)-(38 Summer) C temperature average (4.4 Winter)-(30 Summer) C
Demographics.
The population inside the town is 8,000-10,000 (According to the seasons in summer most people return summer vacations) and around 40,000 who are living outside Syria, most of them are scattered between, France, USA, Canada, Brazil, and Australia and a number of Arab countries.
- Population Growth: 1.01%
- The proportion: Females 51%, Males 49%.
The population of Khabab are Christians and follow the Melkite Greek Catholic Church (Byzantine).
There are four churches in Khabab: cathedral of St Mary,basilica of St Rita, and St Elliot, St Mikael are ancient and dilapidated need to re-explore and revived in addition there tow in the Sisters Nunnery and Archdiocese, and a Nunnery of the Besançon Charity Sisters (Sisters of Divine Charity).
The most common language spoken is Arabic. Other languages include French and the original language of the church is Greek. English is beginning to become more commonly spoken.
Economy.
The people in Khabab are farmers basically (as the most of southern Syria) reliance on agriculture was the only source of livelihood.
In recent years, people's dependence on agriculture has remarkably dropped down for several reasons, including:
Education and culture.
The literacy rate at of the highest levels in Syria, to the attention of the people in education, there are a large number of distinctive competencies of the people of the village .. The school was that follow the Archdiocese and the monastery the most important reasons to encourage the education and science in khabab as well as the surrounding villages.
There are seven schools in the town, distributed as follows: kindergarten, two schools of basic education (primary) and four of middle and high stage.
There is a high number of intellectuals and teachers work in the villages and cities of the province Daraa.
Public infrastructure.
Khabab have many public facilities as health clinic and a hospital is under construction, Telephone Central, and there is the "Farmers Association","Agricultural guidance", and police station and another one for highway police on the international Syrian Jourdain highway passing next to the town, public consumer shop, bakery, Municipality as well as the sports club, "Khabab social and cultural club", and also train station .
In addition to the local market in the town center, which contains a number of shops for the various activities of the population, pharmacies, doctors, and dentists, and veterinarians, maintenance shops for electrical and electronic,computer accessories shop, blacksmith shops, Carpenters,cars car center and a public park is being prepared now, ... etc.

</doc>
<doc id="21586409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586409" title="The Guilty (2000 film)">
The Guilty (2000 film)

The Guilty is a 2000 American crime film directed by Anthony Waller and starring Bill Pullman, Devon Sawa, Gabrielle Anwar, Angela Featherstone and Joanne Whalley. The film is a remake of the 1992 UK TV two-part telemovie of the same name and identical plot starring Michael Kitchen, Sean Gallagher, Caroline Catz and Carol Starks.
Plot summary.
Callum Crane is in line for appointment to the federal bench, during the same week he rapes a new secretary at his office. It's also the same week Nathan Corrigan (a young, callow ex-con) goes to the city to meet his biological father, the same Callum Crane. They meet and before Nathan can tell Crane who he is, Crane offers him money to kill the secretary, who has threatened to go to the police. Nathan takes an envelope of cash and the woman's photo, tells friends about it, and throws away the envelope. One of the friends, who needs money, retrieves the envelope and sets out to kill the woman. Can Nathan stop the crime?

</doc>
<doc id="21586413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586413" title="Alan K. Parrish">
Alan K. Parrish

Alan K. Parrish is a professor of religious education at Brigham Young University (BYU) who has written books and articles related to American education and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), most notably a biography of John A. Widtsoe.
Parrish was born and raised in Logan, Utah. He served in the Southwest British Mission of the LDS Church, based in Bristol, England. After his mission he received a bachelors degree and an MBA from Utah State University. After being in business for a short time he was recruited to work for the Church Educational System beginning as a seminary teacher. He then taught institute adjacent to UCLA and served as bishop of the UCLA ward, while at the same time receiving an Ed.D. degree from the University of Southern California. 
From 1978 to 1984 Parrish was the director of the LDS Institute of Religion in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 1984 he joined the faculty of BYU.

</doc>
<doc id="21586429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586429" title="The Xi Effect">
The Xi Effect

The Xi Effect is a science fiction short story by astronomer and author Robert S. Richardson (as (Philip Latham). 
It was published first in 1950 in "Analog"
It has often been anthologised, notably appearing in The Golden Age of Science Fiction, edited by Kingsley Amis (1981).
Plot.
Two astrophysicists, Stoddard and Arnold, are having trouble with solar infra-red observations; they find that some wavelengths have simply disappeared. Many radio transmissions have also vanished from the airwaves.
After listening to a talk by a brilliant but eccentric cosmologist, Dr Karl Gustav Friedmann, they realise that his theory about the so-called Xi Effect may explain their observations. The Effect postulates a vastly higher order of space-time called Xi-space, which has altered, causing slowly increasing effects on the local universe. These effects will cause galaxies to collapse and shrink rather than recede as they normally do.
Eventually, the theory is proven as it becomes fact, and the shrinkage become measurable. Electromagnetic radiation is progressively eliminated and even colours begin to disappear. Darkness falls upon the Earth and there is total panic.
The story bears some resemblance to Isaac Asimov's short story Nightfall.

</doc>
<doc id="21586443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586443" title="Kremlin.ru">
Kremlin.ru

Kremlin.ru is the official website of the President of Russia. It was launched in January 2000.
Content of website is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license.

</doc>
<doc id="21586502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586502" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T37">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T37

The Women's 200m T37 had its First Round held on September 13, at 11:11 and the Final held on September 14 at 11:08.

</doc>
<doc id="21586516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586516" title="Oliver G. Traphagen">
Oliver G. Traphagen

Oliver Green Traphagen (b. 3 September 1854 in Tarrytown, New York; d. 21 October 1932 in Alameda, California) was an American architect who designed many notable buildings in Duluth, Minnesota, during the late 19th century and in the Territory of Hawaii during the early 20th century. Among his most famous landmarks are the Oliver G. Traphagen House in Duluth, called the Redstone, and the Moana Hotel in Honolulu, both of which are on the National Register of Historic Places, as are several other buildings he designed.
In the 1870s Traphagen moved to St. Paul, Minnesota, with his parents where he worked as a carpenter, and later as apprentice to the architect George Wirth. He moved north to Duluth in 1882, and soon became one of the city's first major architects. The 1880s were boom times in Duluth; the population was 30,000 in 1887 compared with 13,000 in 1883. Over the next fifteen years, either on his own or in partnership with Wirth (1884–1886) and later Francis W. Fitzpatrick (1889–1896), Traphagen designed buildings for both public and private owners, such as the First National Bank (1888), Turner Hall (1888), Wieland Block (1889), old City Hall and Jail (1889), Fire Station No. 1 (1889), First Presbyterian Church (1891), and Duluth Central High School (1892). Many of Traphagen's designs show the influence of the Richardsonian Romanesque style that was popular at the time.
Because his daughter's health required a warmer climate, the family relocated to the soon-to-be-annexed Republic of Hawaii in October 1897. Thanks to his earlier work in Duluth he soon became "the most prolific and highly regarded architect in town." He designed the first building in the islands with a passenger elevator, the Judd Building (1898); the first hotel on Waikiki Beach, the Moana (1901); and the first public crematory in the Islands, at Oahu Cemetery (1906). As in Duluth, he also designed public works, such as the Kakaako Pumping Station (1900), Palama Fire Station (1901), and the State Archives Building (1906). 
Two of his finer buildings have not survived: the classical-style Hackfeld & Co. building downtown (1902) and the four-story James B. Castle home on Waikiki Beach. Among the last buildings he designed in Hawaii was the Punahou School president's home, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in December 2007. In 1907, he moved to Alameda, California, where he retired in 1925 and died in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="21586550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586550" title="MBM (architecture firm)">
MBM (architecture firm)

MBM is an urban design and architecture firm founded in 1951, and named from the initials of the last names of partners Josep Martorell, Oriol Bohigas and David Mackay. Martorell and Bohigas are Spanish, and Mackay is English-Irish. 
History.
The firm was one of the only exponents of modernism under Francisco Franco and served as a launching pad for many Spanish architects. The team also wrote, edited, published and lectured, promoting a modernist take on regionalism and designed many schools, libraries, housing projects, and churches. 
MBM did "pioneering" work in transforming Barcelona’s public spaces during the 1980s and earned a worldwide reputation the firm. 
Barcelona Olympics.
MBM did design work for the Barcelona Olympics in 1992 including on the city's masterplan. The firm designed the Vila Olímpica and the Olympic Port. Their urban plan expanded the number of public spaces and cultural buildings and integrated the works of other major architects including Norman Foster and Richard Meier that helped achieve an "urban renaissance". 
Recent work.
The firm showed 32 design projects that were never built at their 2003 "Lost Architectures" exhibit at the RIAI’s architecture centre in Dublin. The exhibit offered "a rare opportunity to reflect on the reasons, the trends, and the architectural culture of the time." In a comparison to Le Corbusier's speech when he received the Royal Gold Medal for Architecture in London in 1953 and "spoke of his failures", Mackay said, "Now, after 50 years of architecture, we are guilty of the crime of being on the scene too long. This has given us, too, the opportunity to accumulate many failures."
MBM partner David Mackay oversaw a masterplan for the "Arc of Opportunity" at the Lower Lea Valley, part of 2 billion pound regeneration scheme for London in 2002. In 2008 the firm's so-called Stapler museum design for Barcelona was initially rejected The museum is to hold a collection furniture, lamps and utensils in Barcelona and the contents of the city's former textile museum, "which was controversially closed" in 2006. but now under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="21586573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586573" title="Drosera schmutzii">
Drosera schmutzii

Drosera schmutzii is a perennial tuberous species in the genus "Drosera" that is native to New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria. It grows in a rosette 3 to 4 cm in diameter with green to red leaves. It is entirely endemic to Kangaroo Island in South Australia and occurs mostly in the northern and eastern areas. It grows in sandy clay with laterite soils in open areas amongst "Allocasuarina muelleriana" and often in the presence of "Stylidium tepperianum". It flowers from June to September.
It was first discovered in September 2002 by Father Erwin Schmutz, for whom the species is named. It was also collected and informally described by C. Clayton in 2003. It was then grown in cultivation for several years while further specimens were examined and finally formally described by Allen Lowrie and John Godfrey Conran in 2008. It differs from "Drosera whittakeri" by its very narrow eglandular petioles, semi-erect leaves, and presence of a few whorled leaves separated from the main basal rosette of leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="21586578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586578" title="Macroshock">
Macroshock

Macroshock (mak´ro-shok″) is a medical term for the effects of body exposition to electrical current, which can lead to electrocution and death. It is used regularly in electrophysiology and bioengineering.
Definitions of macroshock in the medical world are inconsistent. Some sources use the term for any electrical current in excess of 10 mA passing through the skin and into the body, others require the current to pass through the trunk or the heart. 
There is little consistency provided to accurately define the term macroshock. See examples:
1 A strong electric shock resulting from current that has passed through the trunk, with contact to the source through intact skin.
2 This is defined as the passage of current from one part of the body to
another, especially from arm to arm and therefore through the heart.
The current is the most important factor. (A high-voltage low-current
shock is not dangerous.) 
3 During macroshock, current passes between two different skin areas...
External links.
More examples can be found in most bioinstrumentation course books

</doc>
<doc id="21586589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586589" title="Fateh Singh">
Fateh Singh

Fateh Singh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21586617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586617" title="Heywood Gould">
Heywood Gould

Heywood Gould is an American screenwriter, journalist, novelist and film director. He has penned screenplays for such films as "Rolling Thunder", "The Boys from Brazil", "Fort Apache the Bronx", "Streets of Gold", "Cocktail" and directed such films as "One Good Cop", "Trial by Jury", "Mistrial" and "Double Bang".

</doc>
<doc id="21586622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586622" title="The Cooper">
The Cooper

The Cooper is a comic opera in two acts by composer Thomas Arne. The English libretto by Arne is based on Nicolas-Médard Audinot and Antoine François Quétant’s "Le tonnelier". The opera premiered in London at the Theatre Royal in the Haymarket on 10 June 1772. 
Musical analysis and history.
"The Cooper" has simple lyrical style that is reminiscent of the works of Charles Dibdin. The vocal lines are melodic and easy, refraining from using any complicated coloratura. The music is often cleverly arranged to complement the humour of the text. For example, Fanny’s recitative "He's gone to bed", is accompanied by crotchets marked "Play to the steps of her feet". A modest success, "The Cooper" ran for nine performances in 1772, and a vocal score was published by Napier that year.
Synopsis.
Martin, an elderly cooper, is in love with Fanny, his ward. Fanny, however, is in love with Martin’s assistant, Colin. The old cooper searches for a reason to fire Colin but the young man outwits his employer with the help of his uncle Jarvis, to whom Martin owes considerable amount of money. Colin and Fanny meet secretly at night but their assignation is interrupted by Martin, who is frightened by the sight of a barrel (Colin’s hiding place) apparently coming to life. The arrival of Jarvis, who demands repayment, forces Martin to allow his ward to marry Colin.

</doc>
<doc id="21586624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586624" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T38">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T38

The Women's 200m T38 had its competition held on September 12 with the First Round at 10:23 and the Final at 18:00.

</doc>
<doc id="21586627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586627" title="Pinker and Prouder Than Previous">
Pinker and Prouder Than Previous

Pinker and Prouder Than Previous is a 1988 album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe and was released on the Columbia Records label.
Track listing.
All songs written by Nick Lowe, except as indicated:

</doc>
<doc id="21586631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586631" title="W44CT-D">
W44CT-D

W44CT-D is a low-power television station in Albany, New York, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 44 as an affiliate of 3ABN.

</doc>
<doc id="21586632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586632" title="1923 Cleveland Indians (NFL) season">
1923 Cleveland Indians (NFL) season

The 1923 Cleveland Indians season was their first in the league. The team lost only one game finishing 3–1–3. They finished fifth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21586650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586650" title="Billy Baumhoff">
Billy Baumhoff

Billy Baumhoff (born February 7, 1973 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent four seasons in the USISL and was a member of the Kansas City Wiz in 1996, but never entered a first team game. He was also a member of the United States U-16 men's national soccer team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship
He attended Christian Brothers College High School, graduating in 1991. In 1988, Baumhoff and his team mates won the Missouri State High School championship. He then attended the University of South Carolina, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1991 to 1994. In 1993, the Gamecocks went to the NCAA championship game where they fell to the University of Virginia. In 1994 and 1995, he played for the St. Louis Knights in the USISL. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wiz selected Baumhoff in the 13th round (126th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. On April 17, 1996, the Wiz placed him on the developmental roster. He spent part of the 1996 season on loan with the Minnesota Thunder in the USISL. The Wiz waived him on November 8, 1996 and on February 2, 1997, the Colorado Rapids picked him in the 2nd round (11th overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft. The Rapids waived him on March 14, 1997 and on July 8, 1997, he signed with the Thunder for the remainder of the season.
He was a member of the United States U-16 men's national soccer team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship where he played one game, a 2-2 tie with Australia.
Baumhoff coaches the Christian Brothers College High School freshman soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="21586657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586657" title="Adana Printing Machines">
Adana Printing Machines

"Adana" Printing Machines were manufactured from 1922–1999, in Twickenham, England. Although most of the printing presses produced by "Adana" were aimed at hobby printers, they were frequently put to commercial use. "Adanas" are still to be found throughout the world in the hands of colleges, enthusiasts and professional printers.
The earliest "Adana" models were flat-bed presses but they were to become most famous for their "Eight-Five" and other vertical platen presses.
History of the "Adana".
Originally founded as The Adana Agency in 1922 by Donald Aspinall, the company's assets were bought by Frederick Ayers in 1940 and the company relaunched as Adana (Printing Machines) Limited in 1946. In 1990 the assets were again sold, this time to Caslon Limited who continued to produce a small number of presses for a further nine years. Throughout the years, both the company and its presses were usually referred to as "Adana" or "The Adana".
Donald Aspinall.
Donald Affleck Aspinall was born in South Kensington, London, in 1899. Unusually for the time, his parents separated, and his father Herbert left the seven-year-old Donald and his brothers, John and Cecil, in the sole care of their mother, Lilian.
In 1917 Donald served in World War I, presumably having lied about his age. Later that year he returned from the front suffering from shell-shock. While recovering, he began working on the design of a small flat-bed printing press. He advertised it in "The Model Engineer" in 1918 and was overwhelmed by the response. The teenage Aspinall is said to have tried to hand the money over to the local constabulary, rather than face the prospect of fulfilling so many orders. He was persuaded that this was not a wise move by an understanding policeman, and he eventually produced enough machines to fill the orders.
After losing his job five years later, Aspinall founded the Adana Agency and turned his hobby into a business. From premises in Twickenham, he began selling flat-bed wooden presses to hobby printers. The competitive pricing and self-inking system ensured its success.
In 1928 he married Dorothy Lucas. They later had two children, Robert and Diana. The company was going from strength to strength, with new models launched regularly, showrooms opening in London and Manchester, and official distributors enlisted in New York and Perth, Western Australia.
A decade later, the company's fortunes declined. In 1939 Aspinall suffered the first of several strokes and the economic pressures of World War II left the "Adana Agency" in meltdown. After a meeting of the creditors, the company's assets were sold to Frederick Ayers.
Until his death in 1948, Aspinall continued to correspond with Frederick Ayers, sharing advice and ideas for new designs.
Aspinall's engineering achievements are sometimes dismissed as he borrowed so heavily from American designs, but his business acumen and talent for re-working existing ideas (such as creating a revolving ink-disk for his flat-bed presses) are widely acknowledged.
Frederick Ayers.
Engineer Frederick Ayers became involved with the company in 1923 when his company started supplying parts to the fledgling Adana Agency. He became friends with Aspinall, and began to offer design advice. As one of the company's creditors, he was able to purchase the assets cheaply in 1940 when the company became insolvent.
The War Years.
Like many others, the company was effectively on hold during World War II, with a skeleton staff supplying only parts and sundries. They were asked to supply small flat-bed presses for the Resistance movement in Europe but little else happened until 1945 when production began again on a very limited basis. Ongoing rationing meant raw materials were in short supply and it wasn't until around 1950 that the company was able to trade at full capacity again.
Post War Expansion.
By 1952, Adana had distributors in Italy, Turkey, Greece, India, Finland and Canada. They continued to expand until "Adanas" were available in nearly 100 countries around the world.
The End of "Adana".
There were unavoidable price increases as parts and labour became more expensive. "Adana" presses were virtually indestructible and the company had a policy of supplying parts, so there was little incentive to buy new when second-hand presses were readily available. Lithography was drawing away much of the commercial market and letterpress printing (along with many crafts) became unfashionable as the 1980s brought new technology into homes.
The company was wound down and the assets sold to Caslon Limited who continued to produce the more popular presses until 1999 when the last "Eight-Five" was sold in Japan. Caslon still supply parts and refurbish old "Adanas" to new condition.
Other activities.
"Adana" also cast type and published many books. Their magazine-style catalogues (containing practical printing advice alongside price lists) such as 'Popular Printing' and 'Printcraft' were much loved and have become highly collectable.
The name.
The official story behind the name "Adana" states that Donald Aspinall named the company after the city of Adana in Turkey, having served there during World War I. In his book on "Adanas", printing historian Bob Richardson notes that Aspinall's army unit never saw action in Turkey and relates another theory;
Donald's son Robert suggested recently that his father had simply used his initials, together with an extra letter from his first and last names (A and N), and juggled them to create the word ADANA. It was short, easy to remember and had a pleasant, rather exotic sound.
Even if he had served in Turkey, it seems unlikely that Aspinall would choose a name that recalled the military service that so traumatised him as a young man. It is possible that the company created a fictional back-story that was more satisfying than the reality. "Adana" is known to have fictionalised other aspects of the company's history for marketing purposes.
The Eight-Five.
The now iconic "Adana Eight-Five" was launched in 1953, filling a gap between the "High Speed Number 2" and the "High Speed Number 3". The name was taken from the dimensions of its platen, "8 x 5 in". They continued to be produced until 1999 and many thousands are still in use.
Other Presses of Note.
Some of the presses manufactured by "Adana" include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21586686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586686" title="James Gaffigan">
James Gaffigan

James Gaffigan is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="21586711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586711" title="The Shame of a City">
The Shame of a City

The Shame of a City is a 2006 feature-length documentary, which premiered at the Philadelphia Film Festival. Filmmaker Tigre Hill chronicles the 2003 Philadelphia mayoral race between Democrat incumbent mayor John Street and Republican challenger Sam Katz. Early polls showed Katz with a small lead in this predominantly Democratic city but twenty-seven days before the election, an FBI bug was found in the mayor’s office. The discovery at first seemed like a death knell to the Street campaign and a near certain victory for Katz. Yet this prediction was proven wrong when Street and his supporters successfully polarized the campaign by leveling accusations of instituational racial prejudice and playing on historical skepticism of the Republican-controlled federal government. As a result, Street won re-election by a sixteen-point margin.
With exclusive inside access to the Katz campaign, “The Shame of a City” traverses the bizarre final month to Election Day with the losing candidate as he tries in vain to salvage his campaign while his victor succeeds in manipulating voter sentiment in order to thwart it.
“The Shame of a City” is named for Lincoln Steffens’ 1904 book, "The Shame of the Cities", which sought to expose the wrongdoing of public officials in cities across the United States. Considered one of the first and finest examples of muckraking journalism, the book sparked Hill’s idea to shine a similar light into the deep corners where Philly’s political cronyism and malfeasance lurk. In his book, Lincoln Steffens infamously calls Philadelphia “corrupt and contented.” One hundred years later, this documentary explodes with overwhelming evidence that not much has changed.
Media attention.
“The Shame of a City” gained widespread attention for exposing many high-ranking Street supporters as disingenuous opportunists who intentionally and falsely manipulated racial tensions and suspicion of President George W Bush's administration to get Street re-elected, despite a string of corruption indictments in his inner circle that threatened to implicate him directly.
The film won several awards (most notably “Best Feature-Length Film” at the 2006 Philadelphia Film Festival's Festival of Independents) and generated monumental amounts of press, earning Hill an interview on MSNBC, named references in five successive issues of "Philadelphia" magazine, and positive reviews by "The Philadelphia Inquirer", among others.
Critic reviews.
"Tigre Hill’s 'The Shame of a City' is a civic Rorschach test. A cautionary tale of the streetfight that was the 2003 Philadelphia mayoral contest, this scrappy exposé reveals how Smear-Room politics alienates voters across the political and color spectrum." Carrie Rickey, "The Philadelphia Inquirer"
“'The Shame of a City' is sure to be studied in political-campaign war rooms for years to come."
 Stu Bykofsky, "Philadelphia Daily News"
“'The Shame of a City' is political dynamite. Thumbs up. Four stars. Must-see."
 Michael Smerconish, talk radio host
Political impact.
The film quickly drew the attention of local politicians, journalists, academics and activists in addressing the endemic problems of a city once referred to as “corrupt and contented.” The timing of these civic discussions inarguably benefited reformer and former city council member Michael Nutter, who was by then attempting to succeed Street by securing the Democratic primary vote for mayor against two Street supporters portrayed negatively in Hill’s movie: Congressmen Bob Brady and Chaka Fattah. After receiving Hill’s endorsement, Nutter himself screened “The Shame of a City” five times to sold-out audiences, using it to raise money and awareness of his opponents’ admitted nefarious political techniques. Also, the DVD release was timed to coincide with the primary election cycle, thereby more broadly reminding voters about the previous elections controversies. In the primary of May 2007, Nutter went from underdog to winner then proceeded to statistically annihilate his opponent in the general election. “The Shame of a City” also provided an introduction to a Katz campaign consultant, Carl Singley, whose strongly positive appearance in the movie briefly made him the focus of an early, informal city-wide campaign for him to run for mayor – a municipal conversation legitimized by a feature article in "Philadelphia" magazine and silenced when Singley declined to run.
Box office.
Screenings were sponsored by diverse institutions ranging from the FBI, Philadelphia Forward, The University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University to Philadelphia magazine and philebrity.com and were held at venerable locations like the National Constitution Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21586713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586713" title="The Positive Quotations Series">
The Positive Quotations Series

The Positive Quotations line is an inspirational book series published by Fairview Press. Books in the series have topped the best-seller lists for self-help, juvenile nonfiction and reference books.
History.
1993-1996
Rubicon Press published "The Rubicon Dictionary of Positive, Motivational, Life-Affirming, and Inspirational Quotations", compiled and arranged by John Cook, in 1993.
1997-2001
Fairview Press acquired all rights to the Rubicon edition, republishing the work in hardcover in 1996 as "The Fairview Guide to Positive Quotations". The book was republished in paperback in 2007 under the title "The Book of Positive Quotations", which immediately gained favor with reference bookbuyers and research librarians. "The Book of Positive Quotations" eventually climbed to #2 on the U.S. reference charts. Fairview Press also released six break-out editions of the book in 1997 under the trademark Pocket Positives(TM). In 1999, Fairview Press sold hardcover rights to "The Book of Positive Quotations" to Gramercy Press, an imprint of Random House Value Publishing.
2002-2007
Following the death of compiler John Cook in 2001, Steve Deger and Leslie Ann Gibson took over as series editors, creating "The Women's Book of Positive Quotations" (2002, now out-of-print), "The Little Book of Positive Quotations" (2006) and a revised and expanded "The Book of Positive Quotations", 2nd Edition (2007), which included 3,000 new quotations. Fairview Press also acquired the rights to Pat Corrick Hinton's book, "Time to Become Myself", and re-released it in 2007 as part of the series under the title "The Book of Positive Quotations for Our Golden Years".
2008–Present
Competition from online sources---coupled with economic contraction within the retail trade book market---led Fairview Press to format select volumes as value-priced gift editions for discount retailers and nontraditional retail book outlets. Releases from this period included "The Daily Book of Positive Quotations" (2008) by Linda Picone; "The Nightly Book of Positive Quotations" (2009) by Steve Deger; "The Girl's Book of Positive Quotations" (2008) by Steve Deger and Leslie Ann Gibson; "The Boy's Book of Positive Quotations" (2009) by Steve Deger, with illustrations by Queenie Chan (2009); and "The Little Book of Positive Quotations", 2nd Edition (2009) by Steve Deger and Leslie Ann Gibson.

</doc>
<doc id="21586721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586721" title="Shiftboard">
Shiftboard

Shiftboard is a community online scheduling, recruitment, and time management tool that lets individuals and groups of participating organizations within a community collaborate for participation and overall staff work coverage and general accountability. 
As employee scheduling software that is similar to a job board, communications, or other online forum, Shiftboard provides work portals that are used by large and small civic, non-profit/arts, charity, global healthcare, municipal, and staffing organizations.
Shiftboard is an active member of the open source software community and is located in Seattle, Washington in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21586722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586722" title="1985 USFL season">
1985 USFL season

The 1985 USFL season was the third and final season of the United States Football League.
Regular season.
"W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PCT= Winning Percentage, PF= Points For, PA = Points Against"
" = Division Champion, = Wild Card"
Playoffs.
"Home team in CAPITALS"
Quarterfinals June 29–30 and July 1
Semifinals July 6–7
USFL Championship game July 14 (at East Rutherford, New Jersey)
Awards.
1985 USFL All-League Team
1985 The Sporting News USFL All-Star Team

</doc>
<doc id="21586723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586723" title="1984 USFL season">
1984 USFL season

The 1984 USFL season was the second season of the United States Football League.
Regular season.
"W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PCT= Winning Percentage, PF= Points For, PA = Points Against"
" = Division Champion, = Wild Card"
Playoffs.
"Home team in CAPITALS"
Conference Semifinals June 30 – July 1
Conference Championships July 7–8
USFL Championship Game July 15 (at Tampa, Florida)
Awards.
1984 USFL All-League Team
1984 The Sporting News USFL All-Star Team

</doc>
<doc id="21586726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586726" title="Robert Bailey, Jr.">
Robert Bailey, Jr.

Robert Bailey, Jr. is an American actor (born 1990), who is best known for his role as the voice of Wybie in the 2009 film, "Coraline".
Biography.
Robert Bailey was born in 1990. Bailey is a native of Minneapolis, Minnesota who was first discovered at the age of three by "Family Circle" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21586728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586728" title="1983 USFL season">
1983 USFL season

The 1983 USFL season was the inaugural season of the United States Football League.
Regular season.
"W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PCT= Winning Percentage, PF= Points For, PA = Points Against"
" = Division Champion, = Wild Card"
Playoffs.
"Home team in CAPITALS"
Divisional Playoffs July 9–10:
USFL Championship game July 17 (at Denver, Colorado) 
Awards.
1983 USFL All-League Team
1983 The Sporting News USFL All-Star Team

</doc>
<doc id="21586734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586734" title="Chopawamsic (plantation)">
Chopawamsic (plantation)

Chopawamsic was an 18th-century plantation on Chopawamsic Creek in Stafford County, Virginia. Chopawamsic was a seat of the Mason family.
History.
After the death of George Mason I, his eldest son George Mason II sold his father's Accokeek plantation and relocated to a property along Chopawamsic Creek that he referred to as Chopawamsic, which means “Isolated Lodge” in Algonquian. Chopawamsic consisted of more than . George Mason II built his manor along Chopawamsic Creek using blocks of local sandstone. Mason planted an orchard and tobacco and raised sheep and cattle.
Like his father, George Mason III amassed vast land holdings in Stafford, Fauquier, Prince William, and Fairfax counties. Most of his land holdings were leased out as small farms with the rent paid in tobacco. His other sources of income included a fishing business and a ferry service across Occoquan River. A few years after his marriage to Ann Thomson in 1721, Mason moved his family to Charles County, Maryland. Chopawamsic was used as an occasional residence until Mason's death in 1735 when his widow and children, including George Mason IV, returned to live there. Ann Thomson Mason chose Chopawamsic as her dower after her husband's death and managed Mason family interests from the estate for the remainder of her life. George Mason IV spent his early adolescence and began his early education at Chopawamsic and resided there until the age of 24 when he moved to present-day Fairfax County. Stevens Thomson Mason, son of Thomson Mason, who was first Attorney of the Bar in Dumfries, was born at Chopawamsic in 1760. Thomson Mason and his family resided at Chopawamsic where most of his children were born and later also at Raspberry Plain in Loudoun County.
The large sandstone manor at Chopawamsic did not survive the American Civil War. In 1942, much of the area along Chopawamsic Creek that once belonged to the Chopawamsic estate was taken over by the United States Department of Defense to create Marine Corps Base Quantico.
Birthplace.
The following people were born at Chopawamsic:

</doc>
<doc id="21586738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586738" title="Gyuhap chongseo">
Gyuhap chongseo

Gyuhap chongseo, roughly translated as "Women's Encyclopedia" is a compendium of advice for women, written by Lady Bingheogak Yi in 1809 during the Korean Joseon Dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="21586755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586755" title="Sy Studley">
Sy Studley

Seymour L. "Sy" Studley (May, 1841 – July 9, 1901) nicknamed Warhorse, was an American professional baseball player who played five games in center field for the Washington Nationals of the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players. He collected two hits in 21 at bats for .095 batting average.
Born in Byron, New York in May 1841, he hailed from Rochester, New York when he joined the Washington Nationals of the NABBP in 1866. He continued to play for the Nationals from 1867 to 1870.
Before his baseball career, Studley served for the 54th New York National Guard for a period of 100 days in 1864 during the American Civil War. He died in Grand Island, Nebraska at the age of 60, and is interred at Soldiers and Sailors Home Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21586767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586767" title="American Legion Hall">
American Legion Hall

American Legion Hall, Post, Building, Hut, or variations, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21586790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586790" title="Gethyllis spiralis">
Gethyllis spiralis

Gethyllis spiralis, commonly called Koekmakranka, is a bulbous plant endemic to the Sandveld of the Cape Province of South Africa. It is much sought after for its enticingly scented fruit that it bears underground. It is recognisable by its spiralling grey-green strap-like leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="21586800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586800" title="Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel">
Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel

The Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel is a 1937 British thriller film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Barry K. Barnes, Sophie Stewart, Margaretta Scott and James Mason. It is a sequel to the 1934 film "The Scarlet Pimpernel" based on the stories by Baroness Emmuska Orczy.
France, 1794. Citizen Chauvelin lays a trap for his long-standing nemesis Sir Percy Blakeney (Barry K. Barnes) by kidnapping his wife (Margaretta Scott).
Plot.
The Scarlet Pimpernel, Sir Percy Blakeney, decides not to go back to France for a year after having promised this to his beloved wife, Lady Blakeney. However, Chauvelin plots and succeeds in kidnapping the Lady Blakeney and brings her to France, expecting her husband to follow so he can arrest the elusive Pimpernel. The plot works, but Sir Percy and his friends manage to find the Lady and almost succeed in bringing her back with them. However, Chauvelin manages to get the lady again and the League have to go back to rescue her a second time.

</doc>
<doc id="21586850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586850" title="Orczy">
Orczy

Orczy, Orczi:

</doc>
<doc id="21586858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586858" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's javelin throw F33–34/52–53">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's javelin throw F33–34/52–53

The Women's javelin throw F33–34/52–53" had its Final held on September 13 at 17:00.

</doc>
<doc id="21586860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586860" title="Integrated Trending and Plotting System">
Integrated Trending and Plotting System

The Integrated Trending and Plotting System (ITPS) - A GMSEC compliant software for the extraction and analysis of spacecraft telemetry data. The software is a Government off-the-shelf product developed for Landsat spacecraft, and used by other missions whenever the orbital database is not corrupted.

</doc>
<doc id="21586867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586867" title="Chateau-Neuf de Saint-Germain-en-Laye">
Chateau-Neuf de Saint-Germain-en-Laye

The Château-Neuf de Saint-Germain-en-Laye was a French chateau (country house or castle), now mostly demolished, which served as the royal residence from the second half of the 16th century until 1680.
Construction.
The central building, on the edge of the terrace, was ordered in 1556 by Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici and was built by Philibert de l'Orme. Called in its day "la maison du théâtre" (the theater house), a succession of terraces and stairs gave access to the "baignerie" (from French "baigner", "to bathe") on the Seine.
From the beginning of his reign in 1593, King Henry IV would come to Saint-Germain because he took pleasure in the view the château and its terraces offered of the valley of the Seine, a view like that of his birthplace, the Château de Pau. He ordered from Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau an expansion of the terraces by the Seine. Work began in 1594. 
Quickly finished by executive architect Jean de Fourcy, with Guillaume Marchant conducting the masonry work, the job involved the installation of grottoes, with automated fountains made by Italians, the Francini brothers, Thomas and Alexandre. The French garden, spread out by the Seine on five terraces, was designed by landscape designer Étienne Dupérac and by gardener Claude Mollet.
History.
At the outset, the château was the dwelling of those who had it built: Henry II, who died in 1559, from a lance wound received in a tournament in Paris, three years after the château was begun; and, above all, Catherine de' Medici.
Henry II would expand Château-Neuf considerably and sojourn there regularly, while his numerous children, legitimate and bastard, lived at Château-Vieux.
Catherine stopped going to the château toward the end of her life in 1589, after her astrologer, Côme Ruggieri, predicted that she would meet her death in Saint-Germain.
In 1562, two years after the death of King Francis II of France on December 5, 1560, the Queen of Navarre arrived in Saint-Germain escorted by a grand cortège at the head of which rode her spirited second husband, the Duke of Vendôme. Several days of festivals ensued with diverse games and even a bullfight. Among the guests was their son, the 9 year old Henri de Béarn, the future Henry IV, and Henry II's third son, the 11 year old Duke of Orléans who would become the future Henry III. 
It was in this château that ""Louis-Dieudonné"" (Louis the God-given), the future King Louis XIV, was born on September 5, 1638. His father, Louis XIII, died there on May 14, 1643.
Château-Neuf was the refuge of Charles II of England in 1650, after the execution of his father.
During the Fronde, the French civil war in the mid-17th century, the ""Grande Mademoiselle"", Anne Marie Louise, Duchess of Montpensier, came to Saint-Germain seeking asylum and installed herself at Château-Neuf where "she lay in a wonderfully beautiful chamber in a ruined tower, well-gilded and large but with no glass in the windows and a meager fire."
In 1668, a grand ceremony was organized that set off from the Château-Neuf for the baptism of the Grand Dauphin at the "Sainte Chapelle" of the Old Château.
In 1682, the French Court left Saint-Germain for the Palace of Versailles.
On January 17, 1688, Louis XIV allowed the exiled James II of England to base himself at Saint-Germain. There he stayed with his court in Château-Neuf, and then in the two châteaux, until his death.
In the 1770s, the dilapidated château was given by Louis XVI to his younger brother the Comte d'Artois with the sum of 600,000 livres for work to be done on it. Demolition and reconstruction projects were carried out by the architects Joseph Bélanger et François Chalgrin. 
When the Revolution came, the Château was declared "bien national" and sold to its former manager, who demolished it, parceled out the land, and sold the materials. Nothing remains today but the Pavilion of Henry II, the "Pavillon du jardiner", and a few vestiges of the cellars to be found in the neighborhood – 3 rue des Arcades, for example.

</doc>
<doc id="21586910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586910" title="1983 All-Pro Team">
1983 All-Pro Team

The 1983 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News in 1983. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". The NEA choose two inside linebackers for the first time, as a reflection of the 3-4 which was the common alignment for NFL defenses in the mid-1980s.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21586964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586964" title="A Momentary Lapse of Reason Tour">
A Momentary Lapse of Reason Tour

A Momentary Lapse of Reason Tour was a concert tour by the British rock band Pink Floyd from 1987–1989 in support of their album "A Momentary Lapse of Reason". The tour was the band's first since The Wall Tour in 1981, and also the first without the band’s original bassist Roger Waters. Furthermore, it was also the first tour in 10 years where people seeing Pink Floyd were treated to any other music besides The Wall album. The band reprised the set-list and stage show of this tour for their performance at Knebworth Park in 1990.
History.
Initially, there was a great deal of uncertainty around the tour. Pink Floyd had not played live since 1981, and had not embarked on a full-fledged tour since 1977. Roger Waters left the band in 1985, believing the band would not continue. However, Gilmour and Mason decided to continue as Pink Floyd. Waters threatened legal action against Gilmour and Mason, as well as any promoters who promoted shows as "Pink Floyd." However, by the end of 1987, with the success of the album and first stages of the tour, the new lineup had established itself commercially, and the band reached a settlement with Waters in December.
Having the success of "The Wall" shows to live up to, the concerts' special effects were more impressive than ever. The initial "promotional tour" was extended, and finally lasted almost two years, ending in 1989 after playing around 197 concerts to about 5.5 million people in total, including 3 dates at Madison Square Garden (5–7 October 1987) and 2 nights at Wembley Stadium (5–6 August 1988). The tour took Pink Floyd to various exotic locations they had never played before such as shows in the forecourt of the Palace of Versailles, Moscow's Olympic Stadium, and Venice, despite fears and protests that the sound would damage the latter city's foundations. The tour marked the first time that the band played in Russia, Norway, Spain and New Zealand, and was the first time they had played in Australia since 1971 and Japan since 1972.
Pink Floyd was the second highest grossing act of 1987 and the highest grossing of 1988 in the U.S. Financially, Pink Floyd was the biggest act of these two years combined, grossing almost US$ 60 million from touring, about the same as U2 and Michael Jackson, their closest rivals, combined. Worldwide, the band grossed around US$ 135 million.
A further concert was held at the Knebworth Festival in 1990, a charity event that also featured other Silver Clef Award winners. Pink Floyd was the last act to play, to an audience of 125,000. During this gig Clare Torry joined Vicki and Sam Brown in providing backing vocals, Candy Dulfer contributing saxophone solos. The £60,000 firework display that ended the concert was entirely financed by the band.
These shows are documented by the "Delicate Sound of Thunder" album and video, and "Live at Knebworth '90" video.
Tour band.
Additional musicians:
Knebworth Festival additional musicians:
Set list.
Tour.
The first set mainly consist of songs from "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" and the second of hits and older songs.
First Set:
Second set:
Encore:
Second Encore:
Grand Canal, Venice - Live TV Concert.
This was a special performance, for live Italian TV and was also broadcast worldwide. Due to time restrictions of live TV some songs were left out and others shortened in places.

</doc>
<doc id="21586990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586990" title="Hanns Schwarz">
Hanns Schwarz

Hanns Schwarz was an Austrian film director. He was born in Vienna in 1888. He directed twenty four films between 1924 and 1937 in both English and German. During the late silent and early sound eras he was a leading director at the German giant studio UFA. In the early 1930s he worked on several Multi Language Version films for UFA, producing the same film in distinct German and foreign-language versions. Schwarz was Jewish and was therefore forced to leave Germany in 1933 when the Nazis took over, going into exile in Britain. His last film was the 1937 British thriller "Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel". He died in California in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21586997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21586997" title="Rampart Canyon">
Rampart Canyon

Rampart Canyon, Rampart Gorge, Lower Ramparts, and The Ramparts all are names for a high-banked canyon of the Yukon River located downstream of Rampart, Alaska and upstream of Tanana, Alaska. The canyon is located at an elevation of and was the considered site of a hydroelectric dam.

</doc>
<doc id="21587005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587005" title="The Village, Jersey City">
The Village, Jersey City

The Village is a neighborhood in the western section of Historic Downtown in Jersey City. It is bordered by Hamilton Park and Harsimus Cove to the east and the Turnpike Extension to the west, on the other side of which Jones Park and Mary Benson Park are located. Newark Avenue is the major street across the Village from Grove Street at the east to Bergen Hill at the west. The neighborhood for many years was considered the city's "Little Italy" neighborhood. Brunswick Street, between 1st and 10th Streets was once full of merchants and nicknamed "Bushel Avenue". 
St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church at 457 Monmouth St.
40°43′41″N 74°2′57″W received its historic designation on March 22, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21587020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587020" title="Peninsula High School (San Bruno)">
Peninsula High School (San Bruno)

Peninsula High School, home to the Pumas, is a public continuation high school in San Bruno, California, using Crestmoor High School's building. It is part of the San Mateo Union High School District (SMUHSD). Its main purpose is to aid students who are behind in credits that are necessary for graduation.
Curriculum.
All graduate must complete at least 220 credits of work in: English (40), Mathematics (30), Social Science (35), Physical Education (20), Science (20), Fine and Performing Arts (10), Health (5), and Electives (60)
Peninsula earned a six year educational accreditation in 2001 from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
Demographics.
2011-2012
Clubs.
Peninsula offers a total of two clubs:
Leo's Club: provide youth volunteer opportunities, and also a place to grow and have fun.
Leadership: offers students a chance to help out in their school and help other students become more aware of what the school has to offer.
On Campus Resources.
Child Development Center
Peninsula has an on-campus day care center. This allows teen parents who are SMUHSD residents to receive an education and earn a high school diploma.

</doc>
<doc id="21587031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587031" title="Governor's Harbour">
Governor's Harbour

Governor's Harbour is a former district of the Bahamas. It corresponds roughly to the current district of Central Eleuthera.

</doc>
<doc id="21587038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587038" title="High Rock">
High Rock

High Rock is a former district of the Bahamas. It corresponds roughly to the current district of East Grand Bahama. The Bahamian Brewery makes a High Rock beer.

</doc>
<doc id="21587059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587059" title="Rock Sound, Bahamas">
Rock Sound, Bahamas

Rock Sound is a former district of the Bahamas. It corresponds roughly to the current district of South Eleuthera.

</doc>
<doc id="21587066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587066" title="Wilhelm Heinrich Detlev Körner">
Wilhelm Heinrich Detlev Körner

Wilhelm Heinrich Detlev "Big Bill" Körner (November 1878 – August 11, 1938), also known as Wilhelm Heinrich Dethlef Koerner, William HD Koerner, WHDK, or W.H.D. Koerner, was a noted illustrator of the American West whose works became known to new audiences when his painting, nicknamed "A Charge to Keep", was used as the cover image for the ghostwritten biography by the same name by George W. Bush. This painting, which hung in the Oval Office during the Bush presidency was of special interest to journalists due to the interpretation given by Bush of the painting's meaning in light of the meaning and title attached to the painting by the artist.
Life and career.
Born in Lunden, Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia, Koerner's parents immigrated to Clinton, Iowa when he was three years old. Although he had little art training as a youth, his raw talent was always obvious to his parents and to everyone who viewed his sketches. At the age of twenty, Koerner was hired by the "Chicago Tribune" as a staff artist at $5 per day. Shortly thereafter, he married and accepted a job as art editor for a brand new newspaper, the "United States Daily". When the paper folded, he and his wife moved to New York City, where he was hired by "Pilgrim Magazine" to cover the 1904 St. Louis Exposition. He enrolled at the Art Students League for a two-year program during 1905–07 under George Bridgman, Norman Rockwell's teacher. A student colleague later persuaded Koerner to apply to Howard Pyle's illustration school in Wilmington. Koerner's exposure to Howard Pyle was significant, but his student colleagues also had much to offer and he shared techniques and styles with the likes of N. C. Wyeth, Harvey Dunn, Frank Schoonover and Stanley Arthurs. While still a Pyle student, he rented a studio adjacent to Anton Otto Fischer and William Foster and the interaction between these talented students proved mutually invaluable.
Howard Pyle died in 1911, and Koerner published a tribute in the "New Amstel Magazine". A year later, the first exhibition by Pyle's students was presented to the public, and Koerner's works figured prominently. In 1919, the "Saturday Evening Post" art editor invited Koerner to illustrate two articles with Western themes, which proved to be a major turning point in his life. The articles “The Covered Wagon” and “Traveling the Old Trails” entailed many Western frontier scenes, which up to that point he had not experienced. Koerner began researching, and the West captured his imagination. Koerner soon became one of the best-known artists of the old West, travelling to the area for further research. 
From 1922 onwards, Koerner illustrated more than two hundred and fifty stories with Western themes and painted over six hundred pictures for periodicals. He illustrated a number of books that later were made into films based on his illustrations, including those by author Zane Grey ("The Drift Fence" "Drift Fence" and "Sunset Pass" "Sunset Pass") and Eugene Manlove Rhodes' classic, "Paso Por Aqui" (film: "Four Faces West"). It is estimated he completed nearly two thousand illustrations of which about eighteen hundred were done for magazines, as well as advertisements for C. W. Post's Grape-Nuts and Postum cereals. 
Maxfield Parrish influenced Koerner's bold use of color. Parrish illustrated “The Great Southwest” articles by Raymond Stannard Baker which appeared in "Century Magazine". A prolific and versatile artist-illustrator, "Big Bill" Koerner's work gained considerable visibility through his cover and story illustrations for the "Saturday Evening Post", "The Ladies' Home Journal", "Harper's Magazine", "McClure's Magazine", "American Magazine", "Cosmopolitan" and "Redbook". At the time of his death in 1938 at fifty-eight, the artist had received commissions for over 500 paintings and completed drawings for more than 200 western-themed stories. Each week he produced at least one full oil, a head, and a vignette. During the last three years of his life, Koerner was seriously ill and unable to paint. Koerner's illustrations are compared with those of Frederic Remington, Charles M. Russell, Philip R. Goodwin, and Harvey Dunn. They are known for his bold brushwork with a vibrant color palette which enabled his vigorous depictions of the "Great American West", emblematic images of those untamed territories.

</doc>
<doc id="21587084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587084" title="Barry K. Barnes">
Barry K. Barnes

Barry K. Barnes (27 December 1906, London, England – 12 January 1965, London, England) was a British film actor. He was born and died in London. He appeared in sixteen films between 1936 and 1947. He played Sir Percy Blakeney in the 1937 film Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel.
References.
At the IMDb

</doc>
<doc id="21587102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587102" title="Ministry of Interior, Public Safety and Decentralization (Niger)">
Ministry of Interior, Public Safety and Decentralization (Niger)

The Ministry of Interior, Public Safety and Decentralization of the Government of Niger is the government authority responsible for policing, internal security and the ongoing process of decentralization of authority to the Regions, Departments, and Communes of Niger. The National Police and Paramilitary FNIS report to the Interior minister. Unlike the Interior ministry in some nations, courts, Justice, and prosecution are handled by the Ministry of Justice of Niger. The Civil Defense Directorate, which coordinates disaster, fire, and civil defense responses nationwide reports to the Ministry of the Interior. The Ministry of the Interior is headed by the "Minister of State for the Interior, Public Safety and Decentralization", a political appointment who sits in the Council of Ministers of Niger, reporting directly to the President of Niger.
Interior.
Interior and border control, including some policing duties, are carried out through the General Directorate of Territorial Administration ("Direction Générale de l’Administration Territoriale"), which consists of the eight Regional Governorates (now administrative posts, previously the appointed governors of the eight regions) (see Regions of Niger), the Directorate of General Affairs and Transborder Administrative Cooperation (" Direction des Affaires Générales et de la Coopération Administrative Transfront"), and the Directorate of Decentralisation ("Direction de la décentralisation et du contentieux territorial").
Public safety.
"Public Safety" was appended to the title in 2004 when the National Police and FNIS were transfer to the Interior Ministry from the Defense Ministry of Niger.
Decentralization.
"Decentralization" was appended to the title by the 1999 constitution. The Minister of Interior in previous governments was the head of local government institutions. Following the move to decentralize government powers in the 1990s, most of the duties of the local appointed Prefect -- who was chosen and answered to the Ministry—was taken over by the Communes of Niger, as well as the Departments and Regions. The Ministry of Interior still appoints prefects, but they play a much more limited role, as local representatives of national government. In some largely uninhabited areas, especially those in the Sahara Desert, the Interior Ministry still appoints heads of "Postes Administratif" (Administrative Posts). Previously drawn from the Military of Niger they now are officers of the FNIS.
Previous heads of Ministry.
Below is a partial list of Interior Ministry chiefs (Minister of the Interior of Niger):

</doc>
<doc id="21587115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587115" title="Ian Munro">
Ian Munro

Ian Munro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587124" title="The Recoys">
The Recoys

The Recoys were an indie rock band from Boston, MA formed in 1996 by Hamilton Leithauser (vocals, guitar), Peter Bauer (guitar), Damon Hege (guitar), Mike Sheehan (bass) and Hugh MacIntosh (drums). Though the band never achieved mainstream success, several of its members went on to perform in successful bands following its breakup, most notably The Walkmen and The French Kicks.
History.
The Recoys' music was often compared to that of The Standells and Troggs, owing to their vintage sound. Though the band never released a full length album while still together, a LP collecting various songs recorded by the band, titled "The Rekoys", was released by Realistic Records and Troubleman Unlimited in 2003. The band did release a three-song (now out-of-print) EP of material, "The Recoys", while the band was still playing together. The post-breakup LP included the three songs from the EP as well as seven songs meant for a future LP and a tribute song performed by The Lil' Fighters. Three of the songs on "The Rekoys", "That's the Punchline," "The Blizzard of '93," and "Look Out Your Window," were rerecorded by The Walkmen for various albums and EPs.
Following The Recoys' breakup several of the bands' members went on to perform in commercially-successful bands; Hamilton Leithauser and Peter Bauer formed The Walkmen (along with members of Jonathan Fire*Eater), on vocals/guitar and bass/organ, respectively, while Hugh MacIntosh joined The French Kicks as the band's drummer.

</doc>
<doc id="21587135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587135" title="Heroic Military Academy (Mexico)">
Heroic Military Academy (Mexico)

The Heroic Military College (officially in ) is the major military educational institution in Mexico. It was founded in 1823 and located in the former Palace of the Inquisition in Mexico City. Initially designated as the "Cadet Academy" it was renamed in 1823 as the "Colegio Militar". The College was relocated in Perote, Veracruz, before being returned to Mexico City where it was established in the Betlemitas monastery (today occupied by the Interactive Museum of the Economy and the Museum of the Mexican Army and Air Force). From 1835 the Military College was located in the Recogidas Building (destroyed by an earthquake in 1985). Cadets training for the Mexican Navy originally formed part of the student body but in 1897 the Military Naval School was established as a separate institution in Veracruz.
The Military College comes under the supervision of the Mexican Army and Air Force University and the Army Military Education General Directorate.
History of the College.
Foundation.
Although as early as 1818 were plans for a military academy proposed, in would be only in 1822 when such plans materialized, with the efforts of Diego Garcia Conde, the ex-Spanish military officer then serving in the Mexican Army, for such an academy to be formed were approved by the Mexican Imperial Government, through the Imperial War Ministry.
In the middle of the year, Emperor Agustin de Iturbide ordered that the Former Inquisition Palace Complex become the headquarters of the now newly founded Military College of Mexico, the Military Cadet Academy and the Engineers Training School, all under their first director, Brigadier Diego Garcia Conde. By the next year, through the orders of War Minister General Jose Joaquin de Herrera, the Military College of Mexico was relaunched as a separate academy with headquarters at San Carlos Fortress, in Perote, Veracruz state. In 1824, in compliance with an order from President Guadalupe Victoria, 18 cadets of the now called "Perote Military College of Mexico", through the permission of then college director Col. Juan Dominguez y Galvez, became the first cadets of the new "Naval Aspirants College" and the "Tlacotalpan Nautical School" trained to be the Mexican Navy's future ship officers. 
Early years.
In 1828, due to a campaign against secret societies and masonic lodges, Lt. Col. Manuel Montano's visit became the reason for the College's first loyalty act by the Corps of Cadets and its faculty, for their response to him was that the Military College should be exempted from the campaign due to the fact that no one in the College's cadet rosters were either secret society members nor Masons, and it turned into a national act of loyalty by the college cadets and faculty. As a result of this great deed, the College in March 1828 returned to Mexico City, first in the Bethelemitas convent and later in the Inquisition Palace Complex on July 1. By then, it began to be recognized by every Mexican as the nation's premier military educational institution.
The turmoil that sparked in the 1828 presidential elections took its toll on the College cadets. On September 11, a rebellion led by Generals Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna and Jose Maria Lobato denounced the election results ten days before, in which Manuel Gomez Pedraza emerged as the winner. Two months later, on November 30, they together with Lorenzo de Zavala and Col. Santiago Garcia staged a coup d'état that took over the La building demanding that the election results be voided by Congress. The same day, President Victoria called on the College cadets to proceed to the National Palace, and they fought on the side of the armed forces for 4 days until the fighting ended on December 4, with a compromise reached by both sides. Class would resume later the next day.
Political turmoil broke out again in 1840. On July 13 of that year Gen. Jose Urrea bolted out of jail and led a rebellion against President Anastacio Bustamante, who was later imprisoned in the presidential residence. General Gabriel Valencia then ordered all troops loyal to the President to proceed at once to the city citadel. These included the cadets of the Military College under its then director Brigade General Pedro Conde, who was received by Gen. Valencia and sent a delegation of cadets to the citadel. The College delegation then moved to a church where they fought anti-Bustamante troops, which resulted in two wounded cadets (Juan Rico and Antonio Groso), the former would later die of his wounds sustained. On the 16th President Bustamante left his residence and Gen. Vicente Filisola arrived at the church premises. On that night, when an armistice was made, the attempted coup was already over.
The next year, it relocated to the Chalpultepec Castle in Mexico City. This castle would be, in 6 years time, during the Mexican War, a place where 5 cadets and an officer in the faculty died in defense of the Mexican nation, and it would gain the "Heroic" designation. After a few years, the College relocated to the Inquisition Palace and later to San Lucas.
In 1846, the College's only naval director, Graduate Ship Captain Francisco Garcia began his duties as College Commandant, a duty lasting until 1847. A sudden rebellion by the Corps of Cadets happened during his tenure.
The Niños Héroes.
The following year, under the first term of commandant Col. José Mariano Monterde Segura, the Mexican–American War struck Mexico City and the cadets caught up in the turmoil of the war. September 11 was marked by the baptism of fire yet again for the Corps: the battles on the Condress' Estate. On September 13 on that year the College became the site of the battle that changed it forever: the Battle of Chapultepec between the Mexican Army, including the College cadets, and the United States Army and United States Marine Corps. On the part of the College 5 cadets of the Corps of Cadets - Cadets Juan Escutia (who legend states committed suicide by jumping to the hill wrapped in the Flag of Mexico), Agustin Melgar, Francisco Marquez, Fernando Montes de Oca, and Vicente Suarez, and one active graduate and faculty member, Engineers Lieutenant Juan de la Barrera, were its greatest losses (most of the Corps were killed in action during the battle), with the rest taken as POWs or wounded. The 6 fatalities of the College are now known more in Mexico as the Niños Héroes today, and their sacrifices remembered on that day yearly all over the nation.
1857-1920.
In 1858, during the term of Commandant Colonel Luis Tola Algarín, the College moved its facilities to the former Church of Sts. Peter and Paul in Mexico City. During the Reform War the same year the Corps of Cadets was involved in a clash with the forces of Gen. Miguel Blanco on October 15 in Toluca. Casualties suffered by the cadets and instructors in this and subsequent actions caused the closure of the College in 1861.
The College was reopened in 1867. Located first in the National Palace the College was moved to various locations before returning to the Chapultepec Castle in 1882. Formerly a joint services institution, the College became an academy for the Mexican Army only in 1897, following the establishment of the Military Naval School in Veracruz.
On 8 February 1913 the 600 cadets of the Military College played a major part in the coup against President Francisco Madero. A detachment of cadets, acting on the orders of Deputy Commandant Lieutenant Colonel Víctor Hernández Covarrubias, did however escort President Madero from Chapultepec Castle to the National Palace on the following day. Termed the "Loyalty March", this action is still marked by an annual parade by the Corps of Cadets, attended by the present-day President of Mexico and his Cabinet.
Following the overthrow of General Victoriano Huerta in July 1914 and the disbandment of the Federal Army, the College was closed. It was reestablished in February 1920 following the end of the Mexican Revolution. The same year, the cadets of the cavalry squadron were involved in what has been termed "the final cavalry charge in the Americas". This occurred on May 8, when on the orders of Colonel Rodolfo Casillas the cadets acted in support of regular army dragoons under attack by rebel forces in Apizaco, Tlaxcala. In another engagement two days later a cadet was killed in action.
The College from 1947 to today.
In 1947 The Military College celebrated the centenary of the Corps of Cadets' participation in the Battle of Chapultepec. In 1949, the Congress of the Union formally conferred the "Heroic" designation to both the Corps and to the Midshipmen's Regiment of the Naval Military Academy, the latter for its role in resisting the United States occupation of Veracruz in 1914.
To celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Heroic Military College (1820-1970), 1 oz silver coins were minted by the Central Bank. In addition stamps featuring two Military College shakos were printed by the Government of Mexico. A special issue of stamps also commemorated the Golden Jubilee of "the final cavalry charge in the Americas"; carried out by the cavalry cadets of the college in 1920 (see above).
In 1976, the College's present campus in Tlalpan Borough, Mexico City, was formally opened, partailly damaged by the 1985 earthquake that struck the city. Today, the commandant of the academy is Brigade General Sergio Alberto Martínez Castuera.
The school was used as a setting for Luis Miguel's 1989 music video "La Incondicional". In the video he plays an Air Force cadet. In a marching scene towards the end of the song one can see the "Por el Honor de Mexico" banner.
Perote, the second home of the Military College, has been dubbed by the Veracruz State Congress as "The Cradle of the Military College" since 2002.
From 2007, the academy has accepted female cadets. The present Corps is regiment-sized and has among its units a cavalry squadron and an artillery battery.
Motto and Collegiate Slogan.
"Por el Honor de Mexico" ("For Mexico's Honor") is the college motto, made in a contest organized by radio station XEQ in commemoration of the centenary of the defense of Chalpultepec Castle in 1947.
Every midday, after the afternoon ceremony and before the midday parade, the following cheer is done by the Corps of Cadets:
Collegiate Hymn and March.
Hymn of the Heroic Military College.
The Hymn of the Heroic Military College was composed in 1930 by Prof. José Ignacio Ríos del Río.
Lyrics.
Spanish<br>
"Chorus" <br>
Vibre el clarín de la guerra, resuenen las fanfarrias<br>
Redoblen los tambores, una marcha triunfal<br>
Y lleven de la Patria a todos los confines<br>
Tu nombre sacrosanto,<br> 
Colegio Militar<br>
Tu nombre sacrosanto,<br> 
Colegio Militar
I<br>
Colegio sacrosanto, de memoria bendita<br>
de forjaran sus almas, Montes de Oca y Melgar<br>
La Patria bate marcha de honor a tu pasado,<br>
de epopeyas gloriosas y de nombre inmortal.
Y en un gesto sublime de amor y de cariño,<br>
bendice a los efebos que supieron morir <br>
bañados por las ráfagas de luz espendorosa<br>
que el ángel de la gloria enviara del cenit.
"Repeat Chorus"
March of the Heroic Military College.
The Regimental March was composed by Lieutenant José Sotero Ortiz Sánchez, in time for the College's 1947 centenary of the Battle of Chapultepec.
Lyrics.
Spanish<br>
Páginas del libro de la historia del Heroico Colegio Militar<br>
de epopeyas que ya jamás se borran del santuario de la inmortalidad.<br>
Canto que se eleva a la memoria como ofrenda de honor a la lealtad <br>
de los héroes que envueltos por la gloria grandioso ejemplo que nos dio la libertad. <br>
"Repeat All"
Juventud de mi patria sublime, que marcháis con gallarda ilusión<br> 
aumentáreis la historia que escribe nobles hechos de sangre y honor.<br> 
Yunque forjador de hombres de guerra como Suárez, Escutia y Melgar,<br>
Montes de Oca, Márquez y De la Barrera, los niños héroes de mi México inmortal!<br>
"Repeat All"

</doc>
<doc id="21587164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587164" title="Barry Mulholland">
Barry Mulholland

Barry Mulholland (14 June 1940 - 28 April 2006) was an Australian racing driver.
While a skilled racing driver, Mulholland was more infamously known as Bruce McPhee's 'contractual obligation' co-driver. In endurance production touring cars McPhee raced in during the 1960s which required two drivers, Mulholland would drive one lap at approximate mid-distance before handing the car back to McPhee. Mulholland holds the record for fewest completed laps to win a Bathurst 500 when he co-drove with McPhee to win the 1968 Bathurst 500. (Current rules limit driving to 3 hours, 30 minutes of consecutive driving, and a maximum distance a driver may run, and since 1987, a driver must complete between 52-109 laps each, with no driver completing more than two-thirds distance, 109 laps currently, of the race.) Mulholland later owned the car that won the race in 1968, and died aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="21587182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587182" title="Hamilton Park, Jersey City">
Hamilton Park, Jersey City

Hamilton Park is a neighborhood in Historic Downtown in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, centered around a park with the same name. Hamilton Park is located west of Newport, north of Harsimus Cove, north and east of The Village and south of Boyle Plaza. The Victorian age park is located between Eighth Street and Ninth Street and Hamilton Place on the west and McWilliams Place on the East. Like the Van Vorst Park neighborhood to the south, this quiet park is surrounded by nineteenth century brownstones. The park underwent renovations completed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21587184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587184" title="Scleroderma">
Scleroderma

Scleroderma, also known as systemic sclerosis is a chronic systemic autoimmune disease, that primarily affects the skin (hence the suffix, "derma"), is characterised by sclerosis (hence the prefix, "sclero"), that is hardening of the skin.
Limited scleroderma involves cutaneous manifestations that mainly affect the hands, arms and face. It was previously called CREST syndrome in reference to the following common manifestations: calcinosis (the deposition of calcium nodules in the skin), raynaud's phenomenon (exaggerated vasoconstriction in the hands, with fingers undergoing white-blue-red color transitions in the cold), esophageal dysfunction (leading to difficulty swallowing), sclerodactyly (skin thickening on the fingers), and telangiectasias (dilated capillaries on the face, hands and mucous membranes).
Diffuse scleroderma is rapidly progressing and affects a large area of the skin and one or more internal organs, frequently the kidneys, oesophagus, heart and/or lungs. This form of scleroderma can be quite disabling. There are no treatments for scleroderma itself, but individual organ system complications are treated.
The prognosis is generally good for limited cutaneous scleroderma persons who escape pulmonary complications, but is worse for those with the diffuse cutaneous disease, particularly in older age and for males. Death occurs most often from pulmonary, heart and kidney complications. In diffuse cutaneous disease, five-year survival is 70% and 10-year survival is 55%.
Scleroderma is said to be of unknown aetiology, that is, it is unknown as to what exactly causes it. Although it is generally accepted that it is an autoimmune condition, that is a condition in which the body's immune system attacks healthy tissues, instead of the invaders and cancers it is meant to go after. Despite its unknown aetiology, strong associations between certain mutations in the HLA gene have been identified. Strong environment influences have also been implicated in the aetiology of scleroderma.
Signs and symptoms.
Potential signs and symptoms include:
Cause.
The exact cause is yet to be fully elucidated; although the available data does support a genetic and environmental component to the condition. Mutations in the HLA gene seems to play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of some cases (but not all), likewise silica, aromatic and chlorinated solvents, ketones, trichloroethylene, welding fumes and white spirits exposure seems to contribute to the condition in a small proportion of affected persons.
Pathophysiology.
It is characterised by increased synthesis of collagen (leading to the sclerosis), damage to small blood vessels, activation of T lymphocytes and production of altered connective tissues. Its proposed pathogenesis is the following:
Vitamin D is also implicated in the pathophysiology of the disease, for one an inverse correlation between plasma levels of vitamin D and scleroderma severity has been noted and vitamin D is known to play a crucial role in regulating (usually suppressing) the actions of the immune system.
Diagnosis.
Typical scleroderma is classically defined as symmetrical skin thickening, with about 70% of cases also presenting with Raynaud's phenomenon, nail-fold capillary changes and antinuclear antibodies. Affected individuals may or may not experience systemic organ involvement. There is no single test for scleroderma that works all of the time and hence the diagnosis is often a matter of exclusion. Atypical scleroderma may show any variation of these changes without skin changes or with finger swelling only.
Laboratory testing can show antitopoisomerase antibodies, like anti-scl70 (causing a diffuse systemic form), or anticentromere antibodies (causing a limited systemic form and the CREST syndrome). Other autoantibodies can be seen, such as anti-U3 or anti-RNA polymerase.
Differential.
Diseases that are often in the differential include:
Classification.
Scleroderma is characterised by the appearance of circumscribed or diffuse, hard, smooth, ivory-colored areas that are immobile and which give the appearance of hidebound skin, a disease occurring in both localised and systemic forms:
Treatment.
There is no cure available for scleroderma, although relief of symptoms is often achieved. These include:
Systemic disease-modifying treatment with immunosuppressants is also often also used. Immunosuppressants used in its treatment include: azathioprine, methotrexate, cyclophosphamide, mycophenolate, intravenous immunoglobulin, rituximab, sirolimus, alefacept and the tyrosine kinase inhibitors, imatinib, nilotinib and dasatinib. Experimental therapies currently under investigation include endothelin receptor antagonsits, tyrosine kinase inhibitors, beta-glycan peptides, halofuginone, basiliximab, alemtuzumab, abatacept and haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
<br>
Notes This varies according to the subtype; for instance, persons with limited skin disease have a 10-year survival rate of 71%, whereas those with diffuse skin disease have a 10-year survival rate of just 21%. The major causes of death in persons with scleroderma are: pulmonary hypertension, pulmonary fibrosis and scleroderma renal crisis. People with scleroderma are also at a heightened risk for contracting cancers (especially liver, lung, haematologic and bladder cancers) and, perhaps, cardiovascular disease.
Epidemiology.
This disease is found worldwide and women are four to nine times more likely to develop scleroderma than men. In the United States, prevalence is estimated at 240 per million and the annual incidence of scleroderma is 19 per one million. Likewise in the US it is slightly more common in African Americans than in their white counterparts. In Germany, on the other hand, the prevalence is 1-15/100,000 and the annual incidence is 0.3-2.8/100,000. In South Australia the annual incidence is 22.8 per 1 million and the prevalence 233 per 1 million. It most commonly first presents between the ages of 20 and 50 years, although any age group can be affected and is less common in the Asian population.
Pregnancy.
Scleroderma in pregnancy is a complex situation; it increases the risk to both mother and child. Overall scleroderma is associated with reduced foetal weight for gestational age. The treatment for scleroderma often includes known teratogens such as cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, mycophenolate, etc. and hence careful avoidance of such drugs during pregnancy is advised. In these cases hydroxychloroquine and low-dose corticosteroids might be used for disease control.

</doc>
<doc id="21587203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587203" title="James O'Connor (rugby union)">
James O'Connor (rugby union)

James O'Connor (born 5 July 1990) is an Australian international rugby union player. He made his Wallabies debut in 2008. His Super Rugby professional career began with Western Force in 2008, before a move to Melbourne Rebels in 2012, who released him at the end of the 2013 Super Rugby season. In September 2013, the Australian Rugby Union released O'Connor from his contract three months early due to several off-field incidents. O'Connor was reported to be negotiating with Western Force about a return there for the 2014 Super Rugby season, but on 28 October 2013, O'Connor announced via Twitter that he was en route to London to play rugby for "a few months". On 29 October, Aviva Premiership side London Irish announced the signing of James O'Connor until the end of the season.
Early life.
O'Connor was born in Australia on the Gold Coast. He lived in Auckland for five years as a child until the age of eleven, when he returned to Australia with his family. He became a boarder at St Joseph's Nudgee College in Brisbane's northern suburbs 
In 2006 he suffered a ruptured spleen but went on to be part of the Australian Schools representative team that played against England, Samoa and New Zealand in 2007.
O'Connor's parents are from New Zealand, and his maternal grandparents from South Africa. This, along with his Australian birth, meant he was eligible for all three Tri Nations teams. However, his decision to play for the Wallabies, and debut in 2008, meant he became ineligible to play for the All Blacks or Springboks. He also played for the Australian Sevens in 2008.
Professional career.
O'Connor is a versatile 'utility back'. He said, "I feel more comfortable at 12 as a second ball player. I also like 15. You definitely get a lot of space. I just want to get on the field whether it is 10, 12 or 15." He made his Australian debut in 2008, when he came off the bench as replacement fullback (No.15) against Italy.
O'Connor became the youngest ever Super Rugby debutant at age 17 when he came off the bench for the Western Force against the Queensland Reds in Week 10 of the 2008 Super 14 competition. He completed the season's final three matches running on at inside centre.
In 2008, during his Australian debut, O'Connor scored three tries and helped Australia beat Italy 31–8. In October 2009 O'Connor "took home the Emirates Western Force 2009 'Rookie of the Year' award and was also named the Wallabies 'Rookie of the Year' at the 2009 John Eales Medal dinner."
In 2012 O'Connor commenced a two-year contract with the Melbourne Rebels. His team mates would include Nick Stirzaker, fullback Kurtley Beale, centre Mitch Inman (Force), and English international Danny Cipriani.
He continued for the Rebels in 2013 and played at Fly-half for the Wallabies in three Tests against the Lions. He was released by the Rebels at the end of the 2013 Super Rugby season.
He was signed by London Irish in October 2013 until the end of the 2013–14 season. He made his debut against Northampton Saints on 3 November and on 4 January scored his first try for the club against Worcester Warriors in a match ending 22-9 to the Exiles with O'Connor scoring all 22 points.
Off-field controversies.
O'Connor has been involved in a number of off-field controversies, attracting criticism from senior members of the Wallabies. Most recently, in September 2013, he was stood down from the Wallabies following an incident in which he was removed from Perth airport by Australian Federal Police. As a result O'Connor missed the final two matches of the 2013 Rugby Championship and was released from his Wallabies contract by the Australian Rugby Union.
Leadership.
In 2012 O'Connor was a member of the Wallabies Test-team leadership group. The groups' other members were: Pat McCabe, Will Genia, James Horwill, and David Pocock. Prior to Robbie Deans departure as head coach, the group met with Wallabies coaching and managerial staff to discuss team strategy, planning and off-field logistics.

</doc>
<doc id="21587228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587228" title="Sophie Stewart">
Sophie Stewart

Sophie Stewart was a British actress. She was born in Crieff, Perthshire on 5 March 1908. Died 1977. In 1937 she starred in "Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel" as Lady Blakeney.
She was married to the actor Ellis Irving.

</doc>
<doc id="21587251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587251" title="Steve Deger">
Steve Deger

Steve Deger is an American author of inspirational non-fiction books. He is the co-creator of the best-selling "Positive Quotations" book series.
Biography.
Deger grew up in Hibbing, Minnesota, where he worked as a journalist prior to finishing his undergraduate studies in mass communications and creative writing at St. Cloud State University. He has served in various positions for several leading independent publishers, including editor-in-chief for Llewellyn Publications and acquisitions manager for Fairview Press. He is the former president of the Minnesota Book Publishers' Roundtable.

</doc>
<doc id="21587263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587263" title="Mount Lebanon Ice Center">
Mount Lebanon Ice Center

Mount Lebanon Ice Center is a 700 seat plus ice arena in Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania, USA. The facility is one of the finest in the area hosting various activities including high school, youth, and adult league hockey; a comprehensive instructional program; the area's most complete figure skating school; a wide variety of special events and activities; and of course public skating. The center has hosted national figure skating competitions, hockey tournaments, N.H.L. practices, boxing shows, circuses, and car shows. 

</doc>
<doc id="21587274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587274" title="Lost in the 80s">
Lost in the 80s

Lost in the 80s is the first studio album by Canadian gypsy jazz band The Lost Fingers, released in Quebec on 6 May 2008 and in the remainder of Canada on 27 January 2009. The album consists entirely of the band's renditions of selected popular songs from the 1980s. English lyrics are performed through all tracks on the album except for "Incognito", a French-language song initially performed by Celine Dion.
Awards and recognition.
During its Quebec release alone, the album sold over 100 000 units earning platinum certification. It was nominated as Album of the Year for the 2009 Juno Awards.
Personnel.
The Lost Fingers

</doc>
<doc id="21587308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587308" title="Van Vorst Park">
Van Vorst Park

Van Vorst Park is a neighborhood in the Historic Downtown of Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, centered around a park sharing the same name. The neighborhood is located west of Paulus Hook and Marin Boulevard, north of Grand Street, east of the Turnpike Extension, and south of The Village and Christopher Columbus Drive. Much of it is included in the Van Vorst Park Historical District.
The park was a centerpiece of Van Vorst Township, a township that existed in Hudson County from 1841 to 1851. Van Vorst was incorporated as a township by an Act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 12, 1841, from portions of Bergen Township. On March 18, 1851, Van Vorst Township was annexed by Jersey City.
The name Van Vorst comes from a prominent family in the area, the first of which arrived in the 1630s as superindentent of the patroonship Pavonia, the earliest European settlement on the west bank of the Hudson River in the province of New Netherland. His homestead at Harsimus, plus others at Communipaw, Paulus Hook, Minakwa, Pamrapo were later incorporated into Bergen. His namesake and eighth generation descendant, Cornelius Van Vorst, was the twelfth Mayor of Jersey City serving from 1860 to 1862. 
Like the Harsimus and Hamilton Park to the north and Bergen-Lafayette to the southwest, the neighborhood contains by nineteenth century rowhouses and brownstones. Many streets in the neighborhood bear the names of American Revolution military figures (namely Mercer, Greene, Wayne, Varick and Montgomery). The Grove Street PATH station is located nearby to the north, as is the Jersey Avenue (HBLR station) to the south. It is home to the Jersey City Medical Center, James J. Ferris High School (named for the Jersey City citizne who laid the foundation of the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse with his firm Stillman, Delehanty and Ferris), Old Colony Shopping Plaza, and Dixon Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="21587315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587315" title="O.P. Heggie">
O.P. Heggie

Oliver Peters Heggie (17 September 1877 – 7 February 1936) was an Australian film and theatre actor.
He was born at Angaston, South Australia to a local sheep farmer and educated at Whinham College and the Adelaide Conservatoire of Music. He died in Los Angeles of pneumonia. He is buried at Woodside Cemetery, Yarmouth Port, Barnstable County, Massachusetts.
Career.
He appeared in local amateur dramatic companies before leaving his clerk position with the Union Bank, to pursue a career in acting and make his debut in "Stolen Kisses" in 1899 at the Theatre Royal, Adelaide.
He made his professional debut in "A Message from Mars" at the Palace, Sydney, in 1900. He later took the part of the Messenger in the same play at the Bijou, Melbourne, and in the production that toured Australia and New Zealand under Walter Hawtrey. After appearing in productions of "The Three Musketeers", "Secret Service" and "The Christian", he left Australia in 1906 for England and was engaged firstly in a production at Margate on England's south coast, before appearing on the London stage at the Criterion Theatre in a one-acter. He came to the notice of Miss Ellen Terry with his " Pippy" in the "Lemonade Boy" (October 1906). She hired him in January 1907 for her tour of America with "Nance Oldfield" (as Alexander Oldworthy) and "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" (Osman).
His subsequent London stage appearances included in "Stingaree" (as Sam) at the Queen's Theatre, and in 1909 as Henry French in "The Strife", that ran in matinees at the Duke of York's, and for the evening performances at the Haymarket, as Julius Baker in George Bernard Shaw's "Misalliance", in Galworthy's "Justice" and in Pinero's "Trelawny of The Wells". He played Sherlock Holmes in "The Speckled Band", a portrayal much admired by Arthur Conan Doyle. His cabman in Haddon Chambers' "Passers By" of 1911 was praised also.
After playing Maximilian Cutts in productions of "The New Sin" at the Court and the Criterion in early 1912, he took his own production to America. It played firstly on 15 October 1912 at Wallack's Theatre, New York. On 26 October 1914, he appeared at the same house as Uriah Heep in an adaptation of David Copperfield called "The Highway of Life". In England, he appeared in J. M. Barrie's short "The Dramatists Get What They Want" at the Hippodrome and took the lead in "Androcles and The Lion" (playing Androcles) at St James's. His Rev. Cyril Smith in G. K. Chesterton's maiden play "Magic" in 1914 at the Little Theatre was also highly praised.
Transferring to Broadway, he appeared in 1915 in the "Man Who Married A Dumb Wife" opposite Lillah McCarthy in its first presentation on an English speaking stage, reprised his role in "Androcles", as Peter Quince in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", and in Shaw's "The Doctor's Dilemma". He followed by playing solicitor's managing clerk Robert Cokeson in "Justice" (1916), Oliver Blayds in "The Truth about Blayds" (1922), and Old Man Minick in "Minick" (1924). He took part in numerous revivals of classics ranging from Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" (1918) to Diggory in "She Stoops to Conquer" in 1928.
In 1927, he was seen by Norma Shearer and her husband, producer Irving Thalberg, in the Players Club revival of "Trelawny of the Wells". The pair persuaded Heggie to move to Hollywood, where he made his first film appearance in the silent film "The Actress" (1928) starring Shearer and based on the stage show. The film is now considered a lost film. Other Broadway appearances included "Spellbound" and "Out of the Sea" in 1927, "The Beaux Stratagem" in 1928, "They Don't Mean Any Harm", and a revival of "The Truth About Blayds" in 1932. His later film appearances include as Louis XI of France in the "The Vagabond King" (1930) and Anne Shirley's adoptive father in "Anne of Green Gables" (1934). His last work on Broadway was as William Owen in "The Green Bay Tree" (1933).
Heggie appeared in at least 27 films, including "The Count of Monte Cristo (1934 film)", "The Letter", "The Mysterious Doctor Fu Manchu", "The Mighty", "The Wheel of Life", "The Bad Man", "The Swan", "Too Young To Marry", "One Romantic Night", "East Lynne" (1931), "The Playboy of Paris", "Sunny", "Madame Jule", "Devotion", "Peck's Bad Boy", "Ginger", and "Smilin' Through", between 1928 and his death in 1936.
He is probably best known now for his role as the blind hermit in the film "Bride of Frankenstein" (1935). Isolated at home in the woods, he befriends the injured monster (Boris Karloff), only for two hunters to intrude and destroy the friendship, and his home.

</doc>
<doc id="21587337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587337" title="Jamestown Titans">
Jamestown Titans

The Jamestown Titans were a semi-professional ice hockey team in North Eastern Hockey League (NEHL) based in Jamestown, New York.
A postmortem on the team and the league written by "The Post-Journal" noted that the team was not particularly well remembered in Jamestown hockey history. The team's existence was marred by poor organizational changes, scheduling games at odd times and ever-changing ticket prices. The team's name was said to have come from "a computer football game."[http://mobile.post-journal.com/page/wap.detail/id/44/Struggle-To-Survive.html?wap=617920]
The Titans were led in scoring by league All Star Rob Madia and winger Dave Kamatovic finished the 2003-04 regular season in second place behind the Mohawk Valley Comets. The team also featured Oshawa and Peterborough Ontario Junior A Hockey grads Mike Thompson, Wes Neild and Brad Chapman In the playoffs, Jamestown played the York IceCats a 2 game series for the league Championship. If there were a tie after the 2 games they would play a 20-minute mini game. York won the opening game, 8-5. Jamestown defeated York 9-1 in the second game and then won a 20-minute tiebreaker game 6-1. As league champions, Rob Madia accepted the Herb Brooks Memorial Trophy on behalf of the Titans.

</doc>
<doc id="21587374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587374" title="Salvia prunelloides">
Salvia prunelloides

Salvia prunelloides is a herbaceous perennial native to the Mexican states of Puebla and Mexico State. It was named in 1817 by Carl Sigismund Kunth for its similarity to "Prunella vulgaris".
"Salvia prunelloides" is a small procumbent plant with nodules on its roots that spreads through underground runners. The lax stems are less than 1 foot long, with small trowel-shaped leaves that reach up to 1.25 inches long by .75 inches wide, with a .5 inch petiole. The leaves give off a faint hay-like aroma when brushed. Flowering is sporadic, with .5 inch periwinkle-blue flowers that grow in tight whorls at the end of the inflorescence. The flower's upper lip is hooded and small, with the lower lip three times as long. The lower lip has faint white markings leading to the pollen inside.

</doc>
<doc id="21587378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587378" title="Bowkeria">
Bowkeria

Bowkeria is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stilbaceae. 
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="21587386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587386" title="International Finance Complex">
International Finance Complex

The International Finance Complex is a 52 story complex that is in the process of being built in Phnom Penh, Cambodia near the Tonle Bassac River. The complex, which will cover an area of , will cost about $1 billion. The project will include a main office tower which is 52 storeys tall, making it the tallest building in all of Cambodia once it is completed. This tower will be surrounded by 6 smaller buildings, each standing 32 floors tall. Overall, there will be housing for an international school, a conference center, 1,064 apartment units and 275 serviced apartments. The project is being hailed by Cambodia's leaders as a symbol of the country's galloping economy, which has averaged 11 percent growth over the past three years. Deputy Prime Minister Sok An said that "IFC is the highest building in the history of Cambodia's capital and is a symbol of the economic growth in Cambodia." When it is completed in 2012, it will dramatically change the skyline of Phnom Penh, along with the other buildings scheduled to be completed around this time such as Gold Tower 42, OCIC Tower, River Palace, and many more.
Project scales down.
In November 2008 the project became the latest victim of the global financial crisis in Cambodia. Woo Mu-hion, chief of the business division of the developer GS Construction and Engineering, announced that the planned skyscraper complex would be scaled down from the original plans. The seven building, 1 billion dollar complex will be cut back to three buildings at half the price according to the developer. The revised plan will include two 51 floor condominiums and one mixed-use 52 floor building. Construction on the project has halted until 2010 while the company submits revised plans to the Royal Government for approval.

</doc>
<doc id="21587391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587391" title="Pierre-Denis Martin">
Pierre-Denis Martin

Pierre-Denis Martin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587401" title="Sclerosis (medicine)">
Sclerosis (medicine)

In medicine, sclerosis (also spelled sclerosus in the names of a few disorders; from Greek σκληρός "hard") refers to the stiffening of a structure, usually caused by a replacement of the normal organ-specific tissue with connective tissue.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="21587438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587438" title="Pierre-Denis Martin (1663–1742)">
Pierre-Denis Martin (1663–1742)

Pierre-Denis Martin (1663 – 1742) was a French painter of historical subjects, battles, hunts, and architectural views, particularly of royal residences, such as the Palace of Versailles and the Château de Compiègne. He was also known as Martin the Younger ("le jeune") or Martin des Gobelins (because he was employed at the Gobelins Manufactory).
P.-D. Martin was born in Paris, and according to d'Argenville, he was the cousin of Jean-Baptiste Martin the Elder, while Pierre-Jean Mariette says he was Martin's nephew and pupil. He is also said to have been the pupil of Adam François van der Meulen and the Parrocel. He produced a series of paintings at the Château de Choisy, which are now in the Versailles Museum.
The dictionary of artists by Bellier de la Chavignerie and Auvray incorrectly attributes several paintings by Pierre-Denis Martin in the Versailles Museum to Jean-Baptiste Martin.
P.-D. Martin died in Paris.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="21587497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587497" title="Truex">
Truex

Truex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587513" title="Simonas Stanevičius">
Simonas Stanevičius

Simonas Stanevičius (October 26, 1799 in Kanopėnai near Viduklė – March 10, 1848 in Stemplės near Švėkšna) was a Lithuanian writer and an activist of the "Samogitian Revival", an early stage of the Lithuanian National Revival.
Biography.
Born to a family of petty nobles, Stanevičius studied at the Jesuit gymnasium in Kražiai from 1817 to 1821. For a year he worked in Kražiai as a private teacher, before enrolling into the Art and Literature Department of Vilnius University. There he was influenced by democratic ideas of professors such as Joachim Lelewel and Ignacy Onacewicz. Stanevičius joined a cultural movement to promote the Lithuanian language. After graduation in 1826, he stayed in Vilnius, working as a private tutor and preparing his works for publication. In 1829, he published three of his works (a grammar book, collection of folk songs, and his fables). Stanevičius then moved to Raseiniai and lived in the Plater estate, managing their private library. During the Uprising of 1830, Stanevičius traveled to Königsberg where he met with Ludwig Rhesa and collected materials for future publications. After death of his patron Jerzy Plater in 1836, Stanevičius moved to the estate of Jerzy's brother Kazimierz Plater in Stemplės. There Stanevičius continued to care for the 3,000-piece library until his death of tuberculosis in 1848. 
Works.
In 1829, inspired by Johann Gottfried Herder, Stanevičius published "Dainos žemaičių" ("Songs of the Samogitians"), a sample of 30 most artistic and valuable Samogitian folk songs from his 150-song collection. Four years later he published an addendum ("Pažymės žemaitiškos gaidos") with melodies for these songs. 
He is best remembered for publication of "Šešios pasakos" ("Six Fables"), a book of six fables and ode "Žemaičių šlovė" ("The Samogitians' Glory") written by Stanevičius himself. Two fables borrowed plot from Aesop and other four mixed author's own ideas with Samogitian folklore. The most important fables are "Aitvarai" (a type of household spirit in the Lithuanian mythology) and "Arklys ir meška" ("The Horse and the Bear" – symbols of the Aukštaitians and Samogitians respectively) as they depict worldview, values, and culture of everyday Samogitian peasants. Stanevičius lived in an era of rising Romanticism, but his works are more Realistic due to his close contacts with peasantry. The ode, the first example of this genre in the Lithuanian language, celebrated growing interest in the Lithuanian language and history at Vilnius University. 
Towards the end of his life, Stanevičius took an academic interest in the Lithuanian language, history, and mythology. His unfinished manuscript on Lithuanian history was partially published only in 1893 and fully in 1967, but is significant as the first critical history of Lithuania and first scholarly analysis of the Lithuanian mythology. In contrast to Dionizas Poška or Simonas Daukantas, who searched for glorious and idealized history, Stanevičius carefully studied, validated, and cited his sources, remaining truthful to the facts, and was not afraid to reject romantic legends. He heavily criticized Teodor Narbutt and Maciej Stryjkowski as inaccurate. Stanevičius debunked many of romantic legends, especially in the area of Lithuanian mythology, including the romantic notion of the ancient Romuva temple and connections drawn between Roman gods and Lithuanian gods.

</doc>
<doc id="21587533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587533" title="Rhinoceros Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election">
Rhinoceros Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election

The Rhinoceros Party of Canada fielded several candidates in the 1988 federal election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found on this page.
Quebec.
Papineau—Saint-Denis: Carole Ola Clermont.
Carole Ola Clermont described herself as a co-ordinator. She received 987 votes (2.51%), finishing fourth against Liberal incumbent André Ouellet.
Richelieu: Paul Poison Hevey.
Paul Poison Hevey described himself as a civil servant. He received 457 votes (0.98%), finishing fifth against Progressive Conservative incumbent Louis Plamondon. His nickname was a bilingual pun, referring to poison ivy.
Ontario.
Nickel Belt: Keith J. Claven.
Keith J. Claven listed his occupation as "merchant marine". He received 202 votes (0.52%), finishing fifth against New Democratic Party incumbent John Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="21587539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587539" title="Vangelis Protopapas">
Vangelis Protopapas

Vangelis Protopappas (; 1917 – May 21, 1995) was a Greek actor from Messolongi. He is most known for his roles in "Enas iros me pantoufles", "Santa Chiquita" and "I kalpiki lira". He later took roles in a number of TV shows including "Astynomos Thanassis Papathanassis" with Thanassis Vengos and Zoza Metaxa.
Biography.
Vangelis Protopappas was from a family with a strong legal history. His father Dimitrios Protopappas was a city judge and a politician. Protopappas died on May 21, 1995 from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 78. He is buried at the Kallithea Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21587556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587556" title="Full-size wagon">
Full-size wagon

Full-size wagon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587557" title="Karl A. Staley House">
Karl A. Staley House

The Karl A. Staley House was designed in 1950 by Frank Lloyd Wright. Situated on the shores of Lake Erie in North Madison, Ohio, this home is constructed with stone, in an I-plan form. A glass facade overlooks the lake.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21587576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587576" title="Rosa Parks v. LaFace Records">
Rosa Parks v. LaFace Records

Rosa Parks v. LaFace Records, "et al." was a lawsuit filed in March 1999 on Rosa Parks' behalf against American hip-hop duo OutKast and LaFace Records, claiming that the group had illegally used Rosa Parks' name without her permission for the song "Rosa Parks", the most successful radio single of OutKast's 1998 album "Aquemini". The song's chorus, which Parks' legal defense felt was disrespectful to Parks, is as follows: "Ah ha, hush that fuss / Everybody move to the back of the bus / Do you want to bump and slump with us / We the type of people make the club get crunk."
The case was dismissed in November 1999 by U.S. District Court Judge Barbara Hackett. In August 2000, Parks hired attorney Johnnie Cochran to help her appeal the district court's decision. Cochran argued that the song did not have First Amendment protection because, although its title carried Parks' name, its lyrics were not about her. However, U.S. District Judge Barbara Hackett upheld OutKast's right to use Parks' name in November 1999, and Parks took the case to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, where some charges were remanded for further trial. 
Parks' attorneys and caretaker, Elaine Steele, refiled in August 2004, and named BMG, Arista Records and LaFace Records as the defendants, asking for $5 million in damages. (Also named as defendants were several parties not directly connected to the songs, including Barnes & Noble and Borders Group for selling the songs, and Gregory Dark and Braddon Mendelson, the director and producer, respectively, of the 1998 music video. The judge dismissed the music video producers from the case by the reason of "fraudulent joinder," as these defendants had no connection to the case and there was no justifiable reason for the plaintiff's attorneys to add them to the lawsuit.)
In October 2004, U.S. District Judge George Caram Steeh appointed Dennis Archer, a former mayor of Detroit and Michigan Supreme Court justice, as guardian of legal matters for Parks after her family expressed concerns that her caretakers and her lawyer were pursuing the case based on their own financial interests. "My auntie would never, ever go to this length to hurt some young artists trying to make it in the world," Parks' niece Rhea McCauley said in an Associated Press interview. "As a family, our fear is that during her last days Auntie Rosa will be surrounded by strangers trying to make money off of her name."
The lawsuit was settled April 15, 2005. In the settlement agreement, OutKast and their producer and recorded labels paid Parks an undisclosed cash settlement and agreed to work with the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development in creating educational programs about the life of Rosa Parks. The record labels and OutKast admitted to no wrongdoing. It is not known whether Parks' legal fees were paid for from her settlement money or by the record companies.

</doc>
<doc id="21587592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587592" title="Alex Berenson">
Alex Berenson

Alex Berenson (born January 6, 1973) is a former reporter for "The New York Times" and the author of several thriller novels and a book on corporate financial filings.
Life.
Berenson was born in New York, and grew up in Englewood, NJ. He graduated from Yale University in 1994 with bachelor's degrees in history and economics. He joined the "Denver Post" in June 1994 as a business reporter. He published 513 articles through August 1996, when he left to join TheStreet.com, a financial news website founded by Jim Cramer. In December 1999, Berenson joined "The New York Times" as a business investigative reporter.
In the fall of 2003 and the summer of 2004, Berenson covered the occupation of Iraq for the "Times". More recently, he has covered the pharmaceutical and health care industries, specializing in issues concerning dangerous drugs. Since December 2008, Berenson has reported on the Bernard Madoff $50 billion Ponzi scheme scandal. He is now a full-time writer.
He has written eight spy novels, all featuring the same protagonist, CIA agent John Wells. His first novel, "The Faithful Spy", was released in April 2006 and won an Edgar Award for best first novel by an American author. In February 2008, "The Faithful Spy" rose to #1 on the New York Times paperback bestseller list.
The same month, Berenson released his second thriller, "The Ghost War." His third novel, "The Silent Man," followed in February 2009. His fourth, "The Midnight House," was released on February 9, 2010 and debuted at #9 on The New York Times bestseller list. The fifth, "The Secret Soldier," was released on February 8, 2011 and debuted at #6 on the bestseller list. The sixth, "The Shadow Patrol," was released on February 21, 2012, and debuted at #8. In July 2012, "The Shadow Patrol" was named a finalist for the Ian Fleming Steel Dagger Award, given by Britain's Crime Writers Association.
In 2010, Berenson left the "Times" to become a full-time novelist. He lives in the East Village of Manhattan with his wife, Jacqueline Berenson, a forensic psychiatrist and researcher at Columbia University. He has a daughter, Lucy.
Books.
Novels.
John Wells Series

</doc>
<doc id="21587596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587596" title="Ray Mountains">
Ray Mountains

The Ray Mountains is a mountain range in central Alaska named for the Ray River, itself named for U.S. Navy Captain Patrick Henry Ray, who established a meteorological station in Barrow, Alaska, in 1881. The mountains are within the Yukon-Tanana Uplands, an area of low mountain ranges that also includes the White Mountains. The Ray Mountains cover an area of and are bordered on the east by the Yukon River, on the south by the Tozitna River, and on the north by Kanuti National Wildlife Refuge. The highest point in the Ray Mountains is Mount Tozi, which has a summit elevation of . Other notable peaks include Wolf Mountain, Mount Henry Eakin, the Kokrines Hills, and Moran Dome.

</doc>
<doc id="21587606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587606" title="1923 Columbus Tigers season">
1923 Columbus Tigers season

The 1923 Columbus Tigers season was their fourth in the league and first season as the Tigers. The team improved on their previous output of 0–8, winning five games. They finished eighth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21587621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587621" title="Take It to the Limit">
Take It to the Limit

Take It to the Limit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587636" title="Charles Reiss">
Charles Reiss

Charles Reiss is an American linguistics professor teaching at Concordia University in Montreal.
His contributions to linguistics have been in the area of phonology, historical linguistics, and cognitive science. Along with colleague Mark Hale, he is a proponent of substance-free phonology, the idea that phonetic substance is inaccessible to phonological computation (see paper 'Substance abuse and dysfunctionalism').

</doc>
<doc id="21587637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587637" title="1984 All-Pro Team">
1984 All-Pro Team

The 1984 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly, and The Sporting News in 1984. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1984 the Pro Football Writers Association chose only one defensive tackle and two inside linebackers in a pure 3-4 format. Pro Football Weekly added a “Special Teams” player, a non-returner who excelled in special teams play.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team.; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21587677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587677" title="Barinasuchus">
Barinasuchus

Barinasuchus (meaning "Barinas crocodile," in reference to where the type material was found) is an extinct genus of sebecid mesoeucrocodylian. Its fossils have been found in middle Eocene-age rocks of the Divisadero Largo Formation of Argentina, middle Miocene-age rocks of the Ipururo Formation of Peru, and middle Miocene-age rocks of the Parángula Formation of Venezuela. 
The holotype comes from Parángula Formation rocks in Barinas and consists of an incomplete articulated skull and lower jaw. Like all other sebecosuchians, it was a terrestrial carnivore with ziphodont teeth, like a theropod dinosaur. This made it a formidable predator. 
"Barinasuchus" is the largest sebecosuchian (preserved part of the type specimen skull is long), and is the first sebecosuchian known from Venezuela. Fossils from Peru previously identified as "Sebecus" cf. "huilensis" have been assigned to the type species, "B. arveloi". 
"Barinasuchus" was described in 2007 by Alfredo Paolillo and Omar Linares.

</doc>
<doc id="21587694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587694" title="Hidden Files">
Hidden Files

Hidden Files is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Havoc, a half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep. It was released on February 24, 2009 on Koch Records. The singles "Watch Me" and "Heart of the Grind" have been released.
Its said that the album has sold 15,000 copies in stores and has sold 250,000 downloads.
Mobb Deep performs together on the song "On a Mission".
Track listing.
Confirmed by iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="21587704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587704" title="Gyula Toth (disambiguation)">
Gyula Toth (disambiguation)

Gyula Toth, Yugoslav footballer who played in Germany and won Bundesliga in 1968.
Gyula Tóth may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587719" title="A City Dressed in Dynamite">
A City Dressed in Dynamite

A City Dressed in Dynamite is the debut album by That Handsome Devil. It was released in 2008. It was recorded at Cybersound Studios in Boston, Massachusetts. It is darker in tone and content than the band's EP, with some songs dealing explicitly with drug addiction and death. The album includes numerous samples of the 1967 educational video "Narcotics: Pit of Despair". The cover art and the illustrations in the album booklet were done by Neil "Women 158" Parkinson.
External links.
"That Handsome Devil "A City Dressed In Dynamite"" "Static Multimedia"

</doc>
<doc id="21587770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587770" title="Horst Leupold">
Horst Leupold

Horst "Leo" Leupold (born 30 January 1942) is a retired German football player. He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21587774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587774" title="Lectures on Aesthetics">
Lectures on Aesthetics

Lectures on Aesthetics () is a compilation of notes from university lectures on aesthetics given by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel in Heidelberg in 1818 and in Berlin in 1820/21, 1823, 1826 and 1828/29. It was compiled in 1835 by his student Heinrich Gustav Hotho, using Hegel's own hand-written notes and notes his students took during the lectures, but Hotho's work may render some of Hegel's thought more systematic than Hegel's initial presentation.
Hegel's Aesthetics is regarded by many as one of the greatest aesthetic theories to have been produced since Aristotle. Hegel's thesis of the "end of art" influenced several thinkers like Theodor W. Adorno, Martin Heidegger, György Lukács, Jacques Derrida and Arthur Danto. Hegel was himself influenced by Johann Joachim Winckelmann, Immanuel Kant, Friedrich Schiller and Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling. Heidegger calls Hegel's "Lectures on Aesthetics" "the most comprehensive reflection on the essence of art that the West possesses".
Content.
The lectures are presented under three broad headers.
Hegel's exposition is faithful to his dialectical method, showing how the various forms art has taken are dissolved and give place to "higher" forms through the work of the negative, i.e. the internal contradictions these forms each bear in their time.
Hegel documents the rise of art from symbolic architecture, classical sculpture and romantic poetry. At the time it was noted for the wealth of pictures included with it. In Hegel's discussion of sculpture he outlined his ideas on human beauty. Most notably, these lectures famously included Hegel's pronouncement of the "death of art" (i.e., the notion that art could no longer be a proper vehicle for humanity's comprehension of its own essence).

</doc>
<doc id="21587775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587775" title="Raoul de Ferrières">
Raoul de Ferrières

Raoul de Ferrières ("fl." 1200–10), originally de Ferier, was a Norman nobleman and trouvère. He was born in Ferrières in what is today the "département" of Eure. A total of eleven "chansons courtoises" have been attributed to him. 
In 1209, Raoul was mentioned in a donation to the Abbey of Noé. 
The most famous of Raoul's songs is unquestionably "Quant li rossignols jolis" ("When the pretty nightingales"), which is probably the song Johannes de Grocheo ("c".1300) describes as a "cantus coronatus" (crowned, meaning probably that it had received a prize in a competition). Unfortunately, this song is ascribed to the Chastelain de Couci in another manuscript. It was used as a model for the anonymous "L'autrier m'iere rendormis". Musically, it starts at the upper octave, flows downwards, and establishes a centre on d. 
All of Raoul's melodies, including "Quant li rossignols", were recorded in bar form, save two readings "Si sui du tout a fine Amour" (possibly later revisions). None are recorded in mensural notation. Most of the melodies are in the D modes (authentic and plagal), but three are in the authentic G mode. Poetically, all but one of Raoul's compositions use the ABABBAAB rhyme scheme and all of his works are also octosyllabic, with the heptasyllabic exceptions of "Quant ivers a tel poissance" and "Quant li rossignols" and the mixed octo- and heptasyllabic verses of the disputed "Quant il ne pert fueille ne flours".
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21587789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587789" title="Lectures on the Philosophy of Religion">
Lectures on the Philosophy of Religion

Hegel's Lectures on the Philosophy of Religion () outlines his ideas on Christianity as a form of self-consciousness. They represent the final and in some ways the decisive element of his philosophical system. In light of his distinctive philosophical approach, using a method that is dialectical and historical, Hegel offers a radical reinterpretation of the meaning of Christianity and its characteristic doctrines. The approach taken in these lectures is to some extent prefigured in Hegel's first published book, The Phenomenology of Spirit.
Publication history.
Hegel's conception and execution of the lectures differed significantly on each of the occasions he delivered them, in 1821, 1824, 1827, and 1831.
The first German edition was published at Berlin in 1832, the year after Hegel's death, as part of the posthumous "Werke" series. The book was rather hastily put together by Philip Marheineke, mainly from students' copies of the lectures delivered during different sessions, though it also contained matter taken from notes and outlines in Hegel's own handwriting.
In 1840, two of the Young Hegelians, Bruno Bauer and Karl Marx, began work a second edition, which appeared under Marheineke's name. In the preparation of this second edition, the editors drew largely on several important papers found amongst Hegel's manuscripts, in which his ideas were developed in much greater detail than in any of the sketches previously used, including the "Lectures on the Proofs of the Existence of God," which Hegel was revising for the press when he died. Marheineke had also fresh and very complete copies of the lectures made by some of Hegel's most distinguished pupils.
Yet, the book in the form in which we have it, remains an editorial compilation. No part of it, not even the part which is Hegel's actual composition, was intended for publication, and the informal and discursive character of the "Lectures" is apparent.
In the 1920s, Georg Lasson published a new edition within the "Sämtliche Werke" series. It used special types to differentiate the text of Hegel's manuscripts, from his students' notes, but stitched lectures from different session together, and cut out what Lasson viewed as repetitions. Although the result is not always praised today, his edition is useful to researches as he had access to manuscripts that have since been lost.
In 1990, Oxford University Press published a critical edition, separating the series of lectures and presenting them as independent units on the basis of a complete re-editing of the sources by Walter Jaeschke. This English translation was prepared by a team consisting of Robert F. Brown, Peter C. Hodgson, and J. Michael Stewart, with the assistance of H. S. Harris. The three volumes include editorial introductions, critical annotations on the text, textual variants, and tables, bibliography, and glossary.
Content.
"The Consummate Absolute Religion" is Hegel's name for Christianity, which he also designates "the Revelatory Revealed Religion." In these lectures, he offers a speculative reinterpretation of major Christian doctrines: the Trinity, the Creation, humanity, estrangement and evil, Christ, the Spirit, the spiritual community, church and world. These interpretations have had a powerful and controversial impact on modern theology.
Hegel expanded on Luther's idea of Christian liberty. He touches on pantheism, and discusses religions of India, China, Ancient Egypt, Ancient Greece, and Ancient Rome. It is the only work where he examines Islam. In the last of three volumes based on these lectures, Hegel discusses at length many different philosophical arguments for the existence of God.

</doc>
<doc id="21587796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587796" title="Peter Pawlett">
Peter Pawlett

Peter Ian Pawlett (born 3 February 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen, as a midfielder. 
Biography.
Born on 3 February 1991 in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire but moved to Banchory, Aberdeenshire aged around 7. He grew up supporting Hull City.
Club career.
Aberdeen.
Pawlett was brought up in Aberdeen from a young age and made his Aberdeen debut in February 2009, coming on as a substitute in a 5–0 Scottish Cup victory over East Fife. He made his SPL debut for Aberdeen as a substitute in a 3–1 loss to Celtic on 2 May 2009, and he made his first league start in a 2–1 loss to Rangers two weeks later.
In 7 November 2009, Pawlett set up a the first goal for Sone Aluko in a 2–1 win over St. Johnstone. Soon after, Pawlett, along with four other players, was offered a new contract and eventually signed a four-year deal soon after During the season, in January 2010, Pawlett sustained a knee injury which required surgery. A month later it was reported that the injury would keep him out of action for the remainder of the 2009–10 season. In each of the next two seasons, Pawlett spoke out about his injury, saying he had worked for optimum fitness while undergoing rehabilitation and that he was able to move on from his injury.
In 2010–11 season, Pawlett made his return at the beginning of the season and played his first match in a 4–0 win over Hamilton Academical at the opening game of the season. After making three more appearance during the season, Pawlett suffered a toe injury and this kept him for three months. He made his return in a 5–0 win over Heart of Midlothian on 11 December 2010. On 30 April 2011, Pawlett scored his first goal for Aberdeen in a 1–0 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
On 20 December 2011 in a 1–0 win over Hibernian, Pawlett received a straight red card after a challenge on Lewis Stevenson. In the second half before his sending off, he fell theatrically inside the penalty box when challenged by Ivan Sproule, resulting in a penalty being given which was converted by Scott Vernon. After the game, he was given a two match suspension by the SFA. The club decided against appealing the ban meaning.
After being recalled from his loan with St. Johnstone, he made his first appearance since leaving on loan, in a 0–0 draw against Hibernian. During the match, Pawlett created controversy when he was booked for diving, leading Craig Brown to say that if it was found he had dived, the club would take action against him. In a match against Dundee on 5 May 2013, Pawlett was criticised for allegedly diving to win a penalty. The penalty was converted by Niall McGinn to level the game. The match finished 1–1, but the draw wasn't enough to prevent Dundee being relegated to the First Division. After criticism of the diving, Pawlett received a two-match suspension, which was accepted by the club, following an investigation from the SFA.
In the 2013-14 season Pawlett retained his first team place, mostly playing as more of an attacking midfielder. He would score five league goals, against Partick Thistle, St. Mirren, St. Johnstone, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Dundee United during the season. His good performances earned a contract extension, which will keep him at Aberdeen until 2017. In the second half of the season, Pawlett would play a vital role for the club, as he scored one and then set one up, in a 4-0 win over St. Johnstone, to send the club to the Scottish League Cup final for the first time in fourteen years. Then, in the fifth round of the Scottish Cup, Pawlett scored the winning goal in a 2-1 win over holders Celtic, the first time Aberdeen had beaten Celtic since 2008.
In 2014 he was the subject of a campaign by Aberdeen fans to get The Human League song 'Don't You Want Me' to Number One in the charts following the success of their version singing 'Peter Pawlett baby'.
St. Johnstone (loan).
On 23 August 2012, Pawlett joined fellow Scottish Premier League side St. Johnstone on loan until January 2013.
Pawlett made his debut, coming on as a substitute in a 2–0 loss against Hibernian. Pawlett went on to make nine appearances for St. Johnstone and stated his desire to stay at the club for the rest of the season On 1 January, the loan spell was extended for another two games, although there was also the possibility of a permanent move. However after the sale of fellow midfielder Ryan Fraser to Bournemouth, Aberdeen recalled the midfielder to play in their first team. After his loan spell ended, St. Johnstone Manager Steve Lomas says he wasn't surprised that Aberdeen had chosen to recall Pawlett.
International career.
Born in Hull, Peter Pawlett was initially only eligible for England. However following the introduction of the Home nations agreement Pawlett became eligible to play for Scotland. As Pawlett was educated in Banchory for eight years, he met the requirements of the Home Nations Agreement which allow players who have been educated for five years or more under the age of 18 in a Home Nation to represent that country. Pawlett was selected for the Scotland under-19 team in November 2009 and spoke out about his delight at having switched nationality.
On 16 May 2014, Pawlett was called into the senior Scotland squad for the first time, for the friendly against Nigeria.
Style of play.
Pawlett has good speed and vision. Pundits have also said Pawlett has extraordinary composure and restraint, despite being young.
However, Pawlett was accused of diving by Manager John Brown, who described him as a cheat after diving to win a penalty that cost Dundee their Scottish Premier League status for the following season. Following the criticism from Brown, Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes defended Pawlett, stating the referee made the correct decision and accused Brown of being "bang out of order" to blame Dundee's relegation entirely on Pawlett. Manager Craig Brown would accuse Pawlett of diving in a match against Hibernian. Pawlett has rejected suggestion that he's a diver.
Due to his playing style, Assistant Manager Tony Docherty gave him the nickname of "The Warrior" and "The Scottish Paul Pogba". 
Longest serving player Andrew Considine would compare Pawlett to former youngsters such as Ryan Fraser, and also criticized other teams' defensive tactics against them. Considine was quoted as saying: "Folk would just try and kick him all the time."

</doc>
<doc id="21587800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587800" title="The Difference Between Fichte's and Schelling's Systems of Philosophy">
The Difference Between Fichte's and Schelling's Systems of Philosophy

"The Difference Between Fichte's and Schelling's Systems of Philosophy" (, 1801) was the first major work of Hegel's to break with Schelling. Hegel rejected pantheistic mysticism and called for a more rationalistic understanding of self-consciousness.

</doc>
<doc id="21587801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587801" title="Wayne Gretzky Drive">
Wayne Gretzky Drive

Wayne Gretzky Drive is a freeway in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Originally Capilano Drive, it was officially renamed October 1, 1999 after NHL hockey player Wayne Gretzky, as a tribute to his years with the Edmonton Oilers. The same day, Wayne Gretzky's number 99 jersey was retired, at the then Skyreach Centre, which lies just west of Wayne Gretzky Drive, at 118 Avenue.
The freeway portion of Wayne Gretzky Drive was opened in 1969 by widening and connecting the residential streets of 75 Street south of the river, and 72 Street north of the river. It starts as arterial road 75 Street, then changes its name and speed limit at 101 Avenue to become a freeway. It crosses the North Saskatchewan River valley, by passing under 106 Avenue and Ada Boulevard. As it approaches Northlands and the Alberta Avenue area, it again returns into an arterial, with traffic lights. The exits to Northlands at 112 and 116 Avenues are clearly marked with overhead street signs in blue, and with the Northlands logo. Because of property constraints, to maintain the number of lanes, the freeway is divided into Wayne Gretzky Drive Northbound and Southbound, formally 72 and 73 Streets, at 118 Avenue. 119 Avenue services the north Rexall Place parking lot to the west, and is a dead end to the east, because it was blocked off from being used as a shortcut, disrupting traffic flow during major Northlands events. The northbound and southbound then converge again before crossing the LRT lines. Fort Road, which runs to the west, meets up with Wayne Gretzky Drive at an at-grade intersection, then runs concurrently along with it for approximately to Yellowhead Trail. The single-point urban interchange at Yellowhead Trail, allows the Yellowhead to run as a freeway, and has the benefit of only one traffic light, and U-turns for westbound and eastbound traffic. At this interchange, Wayne Gretzky Drive changes its name to Fort Road.
Because of their short lengths, Wayne Gretzky Drive and Groat Road will be the only freeways in Edmonton not to have a highway designation, until the completion of Terwillegar Drive.
Neighbourhoods.
List of neighbourhoods Wayne Gretzky Drive runs through, in order from south to north:
Bridge structures.
A pedestrian bridge flysover Wayne Gretzky Drive at approximately 104 Avenue, connecting the neighbourhoods of Forest Heights and Terrance Heights. 
Capilano Bridge takes Wayne Gretzky Drive over the North Saskatchewan River, spanning . 
Grant Moellmann Bridge, takes Wayne Gretzky Drive over the LRT tracks and a CN spur that used to service the surrounding industrial area. It was opened in 1995 bridging the gap between 120 Avenue and Fort Road. It is named after Edmontonian ironworker Grant Moellmann (1935–1994) who fell to his death placing the bridge's last girder on November 24, 1994. A plaque was placed on the bridge in September 1998 to mark the significance of this naming. 
Interchanges and intersections.
Wayne Gretzky Drive currently has five interchanges (bold), giving it freeway status for the from 101 Avenue to 116 Avenue, and a maximum speed limit of 80 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="21587808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587808" title="Rosa Parks (disambiguation)">
Rosa Parks (disambiguation)

Rosa Parks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587810" title="1923 Dayton Triangles season">
1923 Dayton Triangles season

The 1923 Dayton Triangles season was their fourth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–3–1, winning only one game. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21587850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587850" title="Wallowa Union Railroad Authority">
Wallowa Union Railroad Authority

The Wallowa Union Railroad Authority is a short-line railroad owned by Wallowa County and Union County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It operates freight and tourist trains over a ex-Union Pacific Railroad line from the end of an Idaho Northern and Pacific Railroad branch at Elgin to Joseph, generally paralleling Oregon Route 82.
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company, a predecessor of the Union Pacific Railroad (UP), completed a branch from the main line at La Grande through Elgin to Joseph in late 1908. The Idaho Northern and Pacific Railroad (INPR) leased (from La Grande to Elgin) and bought (from Elgin to Joseph) the line, among others, from the UP in November 1993. The Surface Transportation Board authorized abandonment beyond Elgin in 1997, but this was not consummated, and in 2002 Wallowa County purchased the line, still operated by the INPR. The new Wallowa Union Railroad Authority took over ownership from Wallowa County and operations from the INPR in 2003.
Since 2003, the Eagle Cap Excursion Train has operated on the line.

</doc>
<doc id="21587856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587856" title="Ferdinand Wenauer">
Ferdinand Wenauer

Ferdinand "Nandl" Wenauer (born April 26, 1939; died July 27, 1992 of heart failure) was a German football player. He spent 6 seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg. He also represented Germany in 4 friendlies.

</doc>
<doc id="21587859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587859" title="2009 in Japan">
2009 in Japan

Events in the year 2009 in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="21587869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587869" title="Cobra Command (disambiguation)">
Cobra Command (disambiguation)

Cobra Command is the fictional nemesis of the G.I. Joe team.
Cobra Command may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21587875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587875" title="Ernst Zacharias Platner">
Ernst Zacharias Platner

Ernst Zacharias Platner (October 1, 1773 – October 14, 1855) was a German painter and writer born in Leipzig. He was the son of anthropologist Ernst Platner (1744–1818).
He initially took art classes at the Academy in Leipzig, then continued his education in Dresden (from 1790), Vienna (from 1797) and Rome (1800), where he remained for the rest of his life. In 1823 he was appointed consul to the Saxon Royal Court in Rome.
Among his better paintings were ""Lucretia"", ""Verstoßung der Hagar"" (The Dismissal of Hagar) and ""Hagar mit Ismael in der Wüste"" (Hagar and Ishmael in the Desert). With Karl Bunsen, Barthold Georg Niebuhr, Eduard Gerhard, Ludwig von Urlichs and Wilhelm Röstell, he was co-author of "Beschreibung der Stadt Rom" (Description of the City of Rome).

</doc>
<doc id="21587881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587881" title="Guiot de Dijon">
Guiot de Dijon

Guiot de Dijon ("fl." 1215–25) was a Burgundian trouvère. The seventeen "chansons" ascribed to him are found in two chansonniers: the Chansonnier du Roi and the less reliable Berne Chansonnier. According to the online edition of the "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians", Guiot was "technically fluent successfully used a wide variety of poetic structures[, but is seldom imaginative." 
Guiot, presumably from Dijon, was patronised by Erard II de Chassenay, who participated in the Fifth Crusade but was back in Europe in 1220. 
Four of Guiot's songs—"Amours m'a si enseignié", "Quant je plus voi felon rire", "Joie ne guerredon", and "Quant li dous estés"—have two distinct melodies in the chansonniers, and it is impossible to determined which, if either, is Guiot's invention. One late setting of "Quant je plus" is notable among trouvère melodies for being through-composed and in Franconian notation. Overall, Guiot's melodies are usually identified as those appearing in bar form, which all end on the same note and have a common tessitura. 
Guiot probably modelled "Chanter m'estuet, coment que me destraigne" after the Occitan song "Si be·m sui loing et entre gent estraigna" by the troubadour Peirol. The song "Penser ne doit vilanie" sometimes attributed to him served as a model for the anonymous "De penser a vilanie". 
List of songs.
In only two cases is the ascription of a song to Guiot corroborated by a second source. Usually an ascription in a single source is contradicted by other ascriptions in other sources. The ascriptions of at least two songs without competing attributions have been doubted by modern scholars: "Chanter m'estuet pour la plus bele" and "Chanterai por mon corage". 
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21587899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587899" title="List of fish of Isle Royale National Park">
List of fish of Isle Royale National Park

This is a list of Fish that inhabit the Isle Royale National Park. If the name is in Bold it is non-native species.

</doc>
<doc id="21587901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587901" title="Army of the Kanawha">
Army of the Kanawha

The Army of the Kanawha was a small Confederate army early in the American Civil War. 
Confederate units in the vital Kanawha River valley of western Virginia were styled the "Army of the Kanawha" after they were put under the command of former Virginia governor Henry A. Wise on June 6, 1861. Kanawha valley native John B. Floyd, himself a former Virginia governor and former U.S. Secretary of War, assumed command on August 11 intending to improve recruitment, but personal animosity between the two politicians prevented Floyd from fully exercising control of the inexperienced force until early autumn.
After the Confederate commanders' quarrel cost them victory at the Battle of Carnifex Ferry, Confederate States Secretary of War Judah P. Benjamin sent an order relieving Wise and ordering him to Richmond, and Floyd commanded the brigade-sized force until he was sent to the Western Theater. The "Army" was incorporated into the 3rd division of the Army of Central Kentucky in late December and while the army ceased to exist as such, the brigade fought at Fort Donelson. What men remained after the Confederate surrender at Donelson eventually became members of the Army of Mississippi before the Battle of Shiloh.

</doc>
<doc id="21587902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587902" title="Sophie Spitz">
Sophie Spitz

Sophie Spitz, M.D. (1910–1956) was an American pathologist who published the first case series of "juvenile melanoma," (a special form of benign melanocytic nevi), skin lesions that have come to be known as Spitz nevi.
Life and career.
Spitz was born in Nashville, Tennessee. Her parents were Jewish and had emigrated from Germany. Her uncle, Herman Spitz, was a pathologist and inspired her to pursue a career in medicine. She earned her MD from Vanderbilt University in 1932 and commenced her residency at the New York Infirmary for Women and Children.
Spitz met and married her husband, Arthur Allen, also a pathologist, in 1942. At around this time, she joined the Army Institute of Pathology, where she remained until 1945. It was here she developed an interest in tropical diseases and co-authored"Pathology of Tropical Diseases: An Atlas" with James Earle Ash.
Following World War II, she returned to work at the New York Infirmary and also at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, where she described the twelve cases of what was then known as juvenile melanoma and recognized that these lesions have benign behavior despite their microscopic resemblance to melanoma. This clinically important information came to be published in the American Journal of Pathology in 1948, and the lesion now bears her name.
Death.
At 46 years of age, Spitz died from colon cancer, before the term Spitz nevus was popularised. For her contributions to pathology, and especially for her foresight in advocating the use of the pap smear when it was newly devised, she is recognized as a prominent pathologist of her time.

</doc>
<doc id="21587917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587917" title="Jillian Harris">
Jillian Harris

Jillian Harris is a Canadian television personality; and interior decorator since 2001. She is from Peace River, Alberta, Canada.
Interior decor career.
She worked at Caban interior goods store, which led her into interior decor. She formalized her interior credentials with a 2006 certificate from BCIT in interior design.
In 2011, she headlined the Calgary Home + Design Show, as part of the HGTV stand.
She runs her own brand of interior decor goods.
On 8 July 2013, she launched her e-vintage webstore, Charlie Ford Vintage.
Television appearances.
In early 2009, she was a contestant on the American TV show "The Bachelor" (season 13), ending up as second-runner-up.
In mid 2009, she was on the American TV show "The Bachelorette" (season 5), as its first Canadian star.
In 2010 she was a designer on "".
In 2011, she hosted season one of Canadian TV show "Canada's Handyman Challenge", which aired in 2012.
In 2013, she appears on "Love It or List It Vancouver".

</doc>
<doc id="21587924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587924" title="Fritz Popp">
Fritz Popp

Fritz Popp (born 20 November 1940) is a retired German football player. He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nuremberg. As of February 2009, he is a player agent.

</doc>
<doc id="21587936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587936" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northampton County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northampton County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Northampton County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21587945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587945" title="Richard Greene (colonist)">
Richard Greene (colonist)

Richard Greene (died October 1622) was the first Governor of Wessagusset Colony in New England, located in modern-day Weymouth, Massachusetts. He died at Plymouth colony after having only governed the ill-fated Wessagusset colony for a few months since its creation in July. He was the brother-in-law of Thomas Weston, the primary investor in the colony.

</doc>
<doc id="21587956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587956" title="Stephanie Logterman">
Stephanie Logterman

Stephanie Lynn Logterman (born 25 February 1986, in Austin, Texas) was an American soccer defender who played for Saint Louis Athletica of Women's Professional Soccer, and was a member of the United States U-20 and U-23 women's national soccer teams.
Logterman retired in March 2010 in order to further her medical school studies, having received a scholarship grant that she felt she could not pass up.

</doc>
<doc id="21587958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587958" title="Reunions of the Grateful Dead">
Reunions of the Grateful Dead

The Grateful Dead were an American rock band known for their lengthy, improvised, performances as well as a loyal fan base that often followed the band for several shows or entire tours. Following the 1995 death of bandleader Jerry Garcia the remaining members have reunited for several one-off performances and tours, although often in very different configurations. The following is a list of instances where former Grateful Dead members have reunited.
Other than Jerry Garcia, the Grateful Dead's main members were Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Bill Kreutzmann and Mickey Hart. Weir, Lesh and Kreutzmann had all been in the band from its inception in 1965 until its demise in 1995 while Hart had a tenure of 25 years. Instances in the full reunions category are performances where all four of these members played together. Partial reunions are performances where only three of them performed together.

</doc>
<doc id="21587961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587961" title="Malabika Kanan">
Malabika Kanan

Malabika Kanan (December 27, 1930 - February 17, 2009) was a Hindustani classical vocalist. She was born in Lucknow to Rabindralal Roy, a musicologist. She was married to another singer, A. Kanan. She received the ITC Sangeet Research Academy Award in 1995 and the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1999-2000. She died February 17, 2009 in Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="21587976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21587976" title="Helmut Hilpert">
Helmut Hilpert

Helmut Hilpert (born 20 September 1937 – 15 June 1997) was a German football player. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nürnberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21588008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588008" title="List of number-one digital singles in Australia in 2007">
List of number-one digital singles in Australia in 2007

These are the number-one digital singles for 2007 published by ARIA's Digital Track Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21588010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588010" title="Hans Schwarz">
Hans Schwarz

Hans Schwarz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588014" title="Lorraine Schwartz">
Lorraine Schwartz

Lorraine Schwartz is an American jeweller.
Background.
Lorraine E. Schwartz Inc. is based in New York City. The jewelry business has been a part of Schwartz's family for three generations, run mostly as a small business. Schwartz took over the family business in 1989, after her mother died from cancer at age 55. She renamed the company Lorraine Schwartz Diamonds & Fine Jewelry. She also remade the company business model so that her works are sold only at Bergdorf Goodman in New York City, by appointment at her 5th Avenue showroom in Manhattan and by private commission.
Career.
Schwartz states that in 2002 Halle Berry wore her jewellery on the red carpet." Since, she has designed for celebrities such as Beyoncé Knowles, Jennifer Lopez and Cate Blanchett. For ESPN The Magazine, she made a "30-carat, diamond-and-ruby logo" for their 10th anniversary baseball caps. She was also involved in the "Art for Life" gala in 2007, which was led by Russell Simmons and his ex-wife, Kimora Lee Simmons. In the 2006 Beyoncé song, "Upgrade U", Lorraine Schwartz is mentioned. Kim Kardashian wears a 15-carat diamond engagement ring by Schwartz, given to her by her now husband, Kanye West.
Philanthropy.
In 2009, she created the Shulamit Benjamini Sandberg Medical Research Grant, which supports a physician with $225,000 to last over three years for cancer research. It was created "in honor of her late mother".

</doc>
<doc id="21588036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588036" title="Karl-Heinz Ferschl">
Karl-Heinz Ferschl

Karl-Heinz Ferschl (born 7 July 1944 in Nuremberg) is a retired German football player. He spent nine seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Nürnberg and Hertha BSC.

</doc>
<doc id="21588042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588042" title="Willie Nile (album)">
Willie Nile (album)

Willie Nile (1980) is the self-titled debut album by the New York singer/songwriter of the same name. Released by Arista in early 1980 to much critical praise
, it was produced and engineered by Roy Halee and featured Jay Dee Daugherty, formerly with Patti Smith, on drums. The album immediately created a buzz among critics and quickly drew the attention of other rock stars such as Pete Townshend and The Who, who invited Nile to join them on their Summer of 1980 US tour. "Los Angeles Times" pop music critic Robert Hilburn described the album as “the kind of rare collection that reawakens you to the inspiring qualities of rock’n’roll”.
Along with London Calling by The Clash, the album was voted record of the year for 1980 by "Stereo Review" magazine.
Music critic David Okamoto wrote “his self-titled debut remains one of the most thrilling post-Byrds folk-rock albums of all time”.
Other references.
That's the Reason is heard at the end credits of the 1981 film "Private Lessons".

</doc>
<doc id="21588058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588058" title="Liberal Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election">
Liberal Party of Canada candidates, 1988 Canadian federal election

The Liberal Party of Canada fielded 294 candidates in the 1988 federal election, and elected 83 Members of Parliament to retain their status as the Official Opposition. Many of these candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Quebec.
Richelieu: Yvon Hébert.
Yvon Hébert was a tradesman, specializing in decoration. He strongly criticized the Canada-United States Free Trade Agreement, arguing that it would hurt his region's economy. He received 8,979 votes (19.27%), finishing second against Progressive Conservative incumbent Louis Plamondon.
Ontario.
Nickel Belt: Pierre Legros.
Pierre Legros was a businessman, working with Adanac Vinyl in Sudbury. He received 9,178 votes (23.57%), finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent John Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="21588066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588066" title="Cobra Command (1988 video game)">
Cobra Command (1988 video game)

There are missions to Sumatra, Java, Borneo, the South China Sea, Siam and the enemy's headquarters. 
NES Port.
The NES Port of Cobra Command which was released the same year as the arcade game, is slightly similar, however unlike the arcade game, the NES version does not scroll automatically, and its gameplay is similar to Choplifter as the main goal for each level is to rescue all of the hostages. Also, throughout the game, the player's helicopter can be upgraded by landing in certain areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21588073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588073" title="On the Real Side">
On the Real Side

On the Real Side is an album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard recorded in 2007 to celebrate his 70th birthday in 2008 and released on the Times Square label in the same year as his milestone birthday and his subsequent death in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="21588082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588082" title="S. L. Loney">
S. L. Loney

Sidney Luxton Loney, M.A. (16 March 1860, Chevithorne, Devon – 16 May 1939, Richmond) was sometime Professor of Mathematics at the Royal Holloway College, Egham, Surrey. (University of London), and a fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. He authored a number of mathematics texts, some of which have been reprinted numerous times. He is known as an early influence on Srinivasa Ramanujan.
Loney was educated at Maidstone Grammar School, in Tonbridge and at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA as 3rd Wrangler in 1882.
He has authored numerous books on mathematics which are widely in use in India. His book "The elements of statics and dynamics", published in 1897, still (2012) happens to be the only reference book on the subject used across various universities in south India.

</doc>
<doc id="21588095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588095" title="Rossmore Apartment House">
Rossmore Apartment House

The Rossmore Apartment House is a historic building in Downtown Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
Description.
The Berkeley Hotel is a five-story structure of red brick with stone and rusticated brick trim. The simplicity of line and detail, the hard-edged arches of radiating bricks, and the row of oriels on the south wall are all typical of the Chicago style. The facade and some of the interior was designed by local architect Kenneth McDonald.
The interior of the building was altered over the years and very few original details remained by the 1970s. The lobby's original marble floor did survive. The original apartments each had a private hallway with the rooms opening into it. The private halls, then opened onto a long public hallway. Some elements of this design remained after the conversion to hotel. Apartments consisted of four rooms, a kitchen and a bathroom, plus a linen closet and a pantry. Each floor had private rooms at the rear for servants and the fifth floor contained storage rooms, one for each apartment.
History.
The building was completed in 1894 when the block of Fourth Street it is located on was still residential, but the business district was spreading south towards Broadway. Within a few decades, Fourth Street north of Broadway would become Louisville, and Kentucky's, dominant commercial district. Recognizing a trend, Alonzo J. Ross, a local grocer and entrepreneur, purchased the lot in 1893 and commissioned the building.
When it first opened it was billed as "first metropolitan apartment house". At the time, local papers praised the building for importing the style and elegance of apartment buildings in cities like Chicago.
Ross sold the building in 1901 to Theophilus Conrad, but continued to operate a grocery on the first floor until 1904. Conrad owned several local apartment buildings, including St. James Apartments in Old Louisville. The Rossmore was renamed the Raleigh Apartments for a brief time in the 1920s, but by 1923 it was listed as the Berkeley Hotel.
It was deemed historically significant in 1978 as an example of the Chicago school of architecture, as well as being one of the oldest buildings at the time in the Fourth Street commercial district.

</doc>
<doc id="21588100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588100" title="2009 Turkmenistan President's Cup">
2009 Turkmenistan President's Cup

The 15th edition of the Turkmenistan President’s Cup was played from February 20 to 28 with the participation of eight clubs.
Three of the eight teams participating in the 15th edition of the tournament competed for the Cup for the first time – the runners-up of Kyrgyzstan League, a participant of ‘the golden match’ in the national championships FC Abdysh-Ata, FC Hemmat from Iran and the youth team from Bahrain.
The bronze-medal winner of Virsliga, the 1996 Turkmenistan President’s Cup finalist Skonto Rīga and the bronze-medal winner of the championships of Armenia FC Gandzasar Kapan competed in the tournament for the second time. The defending Turkmenistan President’s Cup winner HTTU Aşgabat– for the fourth time, a finalist of the 2007 and 2008 international tournaments FC Aşgabat made the third attempt to win the prize.
The teams were split in two groups: Group A – Defending champions Turkmenistan’s HTTU Aşgabat was pooled with Kyrgyzstan runners-up Abdysh-Ata, Latvian giants Skonto and Iranian outfit Hemmat Golestan; Group B – Tajikistan runner-ups Parvoz, Gandzasar from Armenia, Bahrain youth team and Turkmenistan champions Aşgabat were in Group B.
Two best teams in each group qualified to the final stage and competed for the main prize, the runners-up competed for the third place.
The winning team was awarded with US$20,000 while the runners-up team was given US$10,000.
HTTU beat Aşgabat 2-1 in the final of previous year.
Group stage.
"All times are local (UTC+5)"
Top scorers.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="21588103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588103" title="Ron &amp; Don Show">
Ron &amp; Don Show

The Ron and Don Show is a talk radio show in Seattle, Washington. It airs on 97.3 KIRO FM from 3:00-7:00 pm (Pacific Time) weekdays. The show is hosted by Ron Upshaw and Don O'Neill.
Hosts.
Ron Upshaw.
Ron Upshaw was born in Mt. Vernon, Washington and raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He is currently married and lives in Maple Valley, Washington. He also greatly enjoys beekeeping and has produced several instructional DVDs for beginning beekeepers.
Don O'Neill.
Don O'Neill was born outside Chicago and raised in New Mexico where he attended high school with Ron Upshaw. He is currently single and lives in Seattle.
Program.
History.
The show began as a weekend sports radio program on KJR-AM in 1995 before moving to San Francisco in 1997 where Upshaw and O'Neill hosted morning drive on KCTC-AM.
While on the Flagship Station for the Oakland Raiders, Ron & Don hosted the Joe Bugel Show, The Tim Brown Show, and The Jon Gruden Show.
The show subsequently moved to Phoenix station KZZP-FM and then Dallas' KYNG-FM In Dallas, Don O'Neill hosted the CBS Network shows on the Dallas Cowboy Radio Network with Drew Person and Charlie Waters for the 2001-2002 NFL season. Ron Upshaw hosted the Pre and Post game shows at the first Dallas Cowboy home game after the 9/11 Terrorist Attack.
The Ron & Don Show returned to Seattle in 2002 where they broadcast the morning show on former Hot Talk station KQBZ-FM. After a stop at WKLQ in Grand Rapids, Michigan, the Ron & Don Show settled briefly at KKND-FM in New Orleans until Hurricane Katrina destroyed the KKND transmitter, leaving the show without a broadcast home. An opportunity to fill-in for KIRO-AM host Dave Ross led to a permanent assignment from 9:00pm to 1:00am in Seattle. In May 2006 their time slot was changed to afternoon drive from 3:00pm to 6:00pm.
The program was live on-air at the time of the Seattle Jewish Federation shooting in 2006; KIRO-AM won a 2007 Edward R. Murrow Award for Spot News for its coverage of this incident. The show also received attention for fundraising efforts in response to Hurricane Katrina, in conjunction with the Seattle Seahawks and the Preservation Resource Center, including a live show from the front porch of a rebuilt New Orleans home.
In 2008, following the cancellation of KIRO's short-lived long-form newscast - "The Big Story with Tony Miner" - the Ron & Don Show was extended by an hour to its current time slot of 3:00pm to 7:00pm. As of winter 2008 the program was designated as the top rated radio show in its time slot in the Seattle-Tacoma market but in summer of 2009 Arbitron's introduction of PPM's (Personal People Meters) dropped the now FM-only KIRO along with "Ron and Don" to approximately 15th in the market.
With steady ratings growth, The Ron and Don Show is now the highest rated spoken word show in the Seattle/Tacoma Market.
Guests.
Since returning to Seattle, show guests include Sig Hansen and Keith Colburn of television program "Deadliest Catch". Famous guests have included Jimmy Carter, Arianna Huffington, Colin Hanks and Bill Maher.
Topics.
The program is a variety talk show, dealing with a mixture of sports, entertainment and news topics.
Each Friday is devoted to a listener contest called "Stump Ron's Mom", in which trivia questions about topics covered during the show in the preceding week are alternately posed to a call-in listener and Ron Upshaw's mother, who calls-in to the show from her home in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21588104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588104" title="Amanda Poach">
Amanda Poach

Amanda Nicole Poach (born July 25, 1987) is an American soccer player from Bowie, Maryland.
Poach played at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="21588106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588106" title="McGinley Square">
McGinley Square

McGinley Square is in Jersey City, New Jersey, located near the middle of the city, south of Journal Square. The square itself is at the intersection of two of the city's major thoroughfares, Montgomery Street (which runs from Downtown at Exchange Place to West Side), and Bergen Avenue (which runs between Greenville and Journal Square). 
The area was named after Monsignor Roger McGinley, the builder of St. Aedans Church.
Hudson Catholic Regional High School, the Jersey City Armory, the Jersey City YMCA, St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church, and Bergen Square are all within a short walk from the square. The former Jersey City Medical Center, a massive Art Deco complex three blocks to the east of the square is being restored as housing as The Beacon.
The area around the square is planned for development. Large blocks of the neighborhood belong to Saint Peter's College, which intends to sign a long-term lease with a developer to create entertainment center on lots now used as parking. The current plan calls for three levels of retail and entertainment space, including a movie theater and 300-car parking garage. Another proposal includes a building taller and larger in scope, with three levels of retail and parking for 600 cars, half for the college, at its base. Three 11-story towers for housing - one for student dormitories, one for moderately priced housing, and one for market-rate rentals or condos - would rise above it. Plans were mired in a controversy regarding the use of eminent domain., but have been approved. Construction is set to begin in August 2012, with completion set for 2016.
Several community organizations are active in the McGinley Square area. Bergen Communities United is a non-profit organization responsible for community planning in McGinley Square and the neighborhoods immediately to the south. The McGinley Square Partnership is a business improvement district, with local business owners using dues and NJ Urban Enterprise Zone funds for improvements to the commercial area. The Highland Avenue Block Association advocates for residents' interests.

</doc>
<doc id="21588110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588110" title="Albania national futsal team">
Albania national futsal team

The Albanian national futsal team represents Albania in international futsal competitions and is controlled by the Albanian Football Federation. The team debuted in the 2005 UEFA Futsal Championship. They won the first match 8–6 against England, and they drew to Cyprus, but failed to qualify because of the goal difference. In the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup, Albania, was drawn against Slovenia, Greece, and Malta. They ended up in second place winning two matches and losing only one. In the end Slovenia qualified for the finals. In the 2007 UEFA Futsal Championship, Albania made a bad performance by losing all matches and finishing last in group.
Current squad.
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|

</doc>
<doc id="21588142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588142" title="Colleton County High School">
Colleton County High School

Colleton County High School is a public high school in Walterboro, South Carolina, USA, formerly name Walterboro High School.
Student activities.
CCHS students participate in wrestling, football, basketball, baseball, softball, golf, track, soccer, and tennis.
Band of Blue.
The Colleton County Band Program consists of approximately 550 student musicians. The beginning band consists of 200 students, the middle school band consists of 100 students and the 8th grade Junior Band consists of 75 bandsmen. The band program is a part of the curriculum and provides a foundation for the Colleton County High School Band. The Colleton County High School "Band of Blue" consists of 200 bandsmen.
The "Band of Blue" has won the South Carolina State Marching Band Championships in 1982, 1986, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1995 and 1997. The band has performed for one presidential inaugural and four gubernatorial inaugurals. In 1994, The Band of Blue marched in the 105th Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California. In 2000, The Band of Blue marched in the 74th annual Macy*s Thanksgiving Day Parade. The Band of Blue was also featured in the 2008 National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade in Washington, DC. Most recently, The Band of Blue marched in the 2010 Endymion Parade in New Orleans, Louisiana, behind Tom Benson, the parade marshal and owner of the New Orleans Saints and in front of the NFL team themselves.
NJROTC.
The NJROTC unit at Colleton County High School (SC) began under the leadership of LCDR Charles E. Armentrout, US Navy (RET), in July 1993. There are three instructors. The other two instructors are CWO3 Roger "Gunner" Williams, USMC (RET), and MNCS Richard "Senior Chief" Spofford, US Navy (RET). Gunner Williams is the author of a children's story entitled Me Me & Me.
The Armed, Unarmed Drill Teams, Color Guard, and Orienteering teams compete in competitions. There are also academic, athletic, and rifle teams. The Unit has a Military Ball and AMI (Annual Military Inspection). The Ball is usually in the second semester and the AMI is in the first.
CCHS National Honor Society.
The National Honor Society focuses on Scholarship, Leadership, Service and Character. In order to be accepted into the honor society, a student must have a cumulative GPA of at least 3.7 or its equivalent. The student must have eight units in core academic courses at the CP or higher level. This is the scholastic level of achievement for admission to candidacy for membership in this chapter. All students who can rise in scholarship to or above that level are candidates for selection to membership. 
Each student within the organization exemplifies the three characteristics through community involvement and charity. The CCHS National Honor Society was overseen by Cherly Murdaugh who retired from teaching in the summer of 2008. The program was then overseen by Sharon Courtney until 2009, when she resigned due to conflicts of interest pertaining to moral guidelines of the society. The program then went to Ann Robinson, but it's now overseen by Joshua Cable. 
Activities by NHS to raise awareness in the community include Women's Health Day, Early Childhood Fall Festival, and Math Tutoring. The major highlights of each year include the Christmas Party for Unprivileged Children at The Department of Social Services, the Powder Puff Charity Football Game, and Teacher Appreciation Week. The Powder Puff Charity Football Game is a game in which girls play the roll of football players and guys become cheerleaders. The game is between the Juniors and Seniors of that year. 
The 2012-2013 NHS officers are: Alondra DeSantiago (President), December Bishop (VP), William Hood (Treasurer), Miranda Saunders (Secretary), Elizabeth Lambert (Historian), and Jakob Hahn (Webmaster).
The Colleton County High School National Honor Society website may be visited at www.cchsnhs.org.
CCHS Chorus.
Directed by Stephanie Drawdy, the CCHS Chorus presents a Christmas Concert during the fall semester along with a trip to All State tryouts during the fall semester. The CCHS Chorus presents a musical during the spring semester. Past spring musicals include: "The Sound of Music", "Seven Brides For Seven Brothers", "My Fair Lady", "Guys and Dolls", "Annie Get Your Gun", "Beauty and the Beast", "The King and I", "Grease" and "Footloose. In March 2010, the CCHS Singers chorus performed a Mozart piece at Carnegie Hall in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21588158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588158" title="Salvia przewalskii">
Salvia przewalskii

Salvia przewalskii is a herbaceous perennial plant native to the Chinese provinces of Gansu, Hubei, Sichuan, Xizang, and Yunnan, typically growing along stream banks, forest edges, among shrubs, and on granitic hillsides. It was described and named in 1881 by the Russian botanist Carl Maximowicz after the Russian explorer and botanist Nikolai Przhevalsky, who made several collecting trips to China in the 19th century. The plant is widely known throughout its native habitat for its medicinal properties.
"Salvia przewalskii" forms a basal clump of yellow-green leaves 1 to 2 feet (30 to 61 cm) high and wide, with flowering stalks rising 3 feet (91.4 cm) above the plant. The 6-12 inch (15 to 30 cm) leaves, with long petioles, have distinct veins on the underside. The inflorescence is branched, with widely spaced whorls of flowers opening a few at once. The 1 inch (2.54 cm) flowers are fat, with an unusual purple-red or red-brown color. The calyx is hairy and glandular, red-brown and two-lipped. It is usually seen only in botanical gardens, though seeds have become available for gardeners since the 1980s. Botanists have segregated the species into four varieties, distinguished by leaf shape and differences in the hairs covering the foliage.

</doc>
<doc id="21588172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588172" title="Marco Vassi">
Marco Vassi

Marco Ferdinand William Vasquez-d'Acugno Vassi (New York City, November 6, 1937 – New York City, January 14, 1989) was an American experimental thinker and author, most noted for his erotica. He wrote fiction and nonfiction, publishing hundreds of short stories, articles, more than a dozen novels, and at least one play, "The Re-Enactment," (under the name of Fred Vassi) at the Caffe Cino in January 1966. Many of his works appeared as "Anonymous" in their first printings. He is most often compared to Henry Miller, has been called the greatest erotic writer of his time and "foremost of his generation," and praised by the likes of Norman Mailer, Gore Vidal, Saul Bellow, and Kate Millett.
Biography.
Vassi was born and lived most of his life in New York City. He was married three times, but was well known for sexual, drug, and alternative-lifestyle experimentation. He viewed life as the theory and practice of liberation, an exploration of being sexual, that is an all-sexual being, bisexual, and homosexual. Vassi coined the term metasex, which meant any sex outside the bounds of heterosexual marriage. He once wrote in "Beyond Bisexuality":
When one transcends male-female dualism, eroticism becomes susceptible of a more subtle mathematical understanding. For each number, there is a different and unique quality of consciousness, and no one is intrinsically superior to any of the others. ... It is also fascinating to wonder whether *zero,* or metacelibacy, may be seen not as a renunciation but as an embrace of all metasex ...
The introduction of the metasexual paradigm is no less a shift in the history of our evolving understanding. The vast majority of the species has not seen past the conditioned strictures of the number *two.* And even those in the vanguard, having their orgies, still operate from the standpoint of a male-female dualism. The most sophisticated among them proclaim themselves bisexuals, not aware that this is the dead-end of that particular tunnel vision. The only way out is to go within to heal the internal split. A monad has no gender.
His biography in the book "PoMoSexuals: challenging assumptions about gender and sexuality" states, in part: "Marco Vassi was a literary avatar of the sexual revolution. He was deeply attuned to the politics of sex and sexual orientation, as well as the intersection of sex and spirituality. In his writing, as in his life (until his AIDS diagnosis), he explored fearlessly, bringing back dispatches from sexual frontiers most people never visited."
Vassi helped found the alternative media thinktank RainDance in 1969.
He died January 14, 1989 from pneumonia due to AIDS. According to Heidenry, despite his erotic explorations and adventuring, Vassi was tragically unable to sustain a love relationship, and died alone, with only the care of his former girlfriend Annie Sprinkle.
Publishing history.
His works have been reissued by numerous publishers over the years, but in 1992, "The Vassi Collection", a definitive ten-volume set of his works from Permanent Press, was published.

</doc>
<doc id="21588182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588182" title="Smyth v. Ames">
Smyth v. Ames

Smyth v. Ames, 171 U.S. 361 (1898), also called The Maximum Freight Case, was an 1898 United States Supreme Court case. The Supreme Court voided a Nebraska railroad tariff law, declaring that it violated the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in that it takes property without the due process of law. The Court defined the constitutional limits of governmental power to set railroad and utility rates by stating that regulated industries have the right to a "fair return". The ruling was later overturned in "Federal Power Commission v. Hope Natural Gas Co."
The decision was unanimous and the majority opinion was written by Justice John M. Harlan.
Prior history.
On April 12, 1893, Nebraska passed a law, a so-called "maximum rate bill", establishing maximum rates for the transportation of freights within the state. The Railroad Commissioners of Nebraska were empowered to reduce any freight rate.
Several precedents had been set by the Supreme Court regarding state control over railways. Until "Munn v. Illinois" when the Granger Laws were declared constitutional, it had been held that railway property was protected from state authority by the Contract Clause of the Constitution, which states that no state shall pass any "Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts". However, in the Munn case, the Court ruled that all property was held subject to legislative regulation if it was "affected with a public interest". Further decisions built off the Munn decision, specifying that while the legislature may regulate property "affected by the public interest", they must exercise it reasonably by applying the used and useful principle, so as to not deprive citizens of their property without due process of law.
Case.
The maximum rate law was contested by the Union Pacific, St. Joseph and Grand Island Railway, Omaha and Republican Valley Railway, and the Kansas City and Omaha Railway. They claimed the law was confiscation, and therefore unconstitutional. They said the law would make a difference of $2,250,00 annually. 
The Supreme Court unanimously found the law unconstitutional. The court found that it is not enough to show a tariff – even if the tax is in the public interest – still leaves a company enough money to pay operating expenses and stock dividends.
Effects of the decision.
Businessmen were pleased by the decision, and believed it would give stability to railroad investments. Others were unhappy.
The Interstate Commerce Commission was weakened by the Court's decision.
Subsequent history.
The ruling was overturned in "Federal Power Commission v. Hope Natural Gas Co."

</doc>
<doc id="21588196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588196" title="Sarah Wagenfuhr">
Sarah Wagenfuhr

Sarah Anne Wagenfuhr (born December 31, 1986) is an American soccer player from Colorado Springs, Colorado who plays for the Colorado Rush of the United Soccer Leagues' W-League. She was a defender for the Florida State University women's soccer team and the United States U-20 women's national soccer team.
After a short stint on the roster of the Women's Professional Soccer club, the Chicago Red Stars in 2009, Wagenfuhr played for the Buffalo Flash of the W-League. With the Flash, Wagenfuhr logged 1,170 minutes in the midfield, notching a goal and two assists in her time with the club.
In 2010, the Saint Louis Athletica picked up Wagenfuhr as a free agent. She suffered a hamstring injury in the season opener against the Red Stars, which cut short (23 minutes) what turned out to be her only match played with the green and blue. On June 1, 2010, Wagenfuhr again became a free agent upon the dissolution of the Athletica.
She later signed with the Littleton, Colorado-based Colorado Rush of the W-League, the second tier of American women's soccer. Wagenfuhr assisted on the game-winning goal in the expansion side's first ever victory, a 2-0 triumph over the Santa Clarita Blue Heat on June 24, 2010. She continued on to teach at Florida State University Schools as an English teacher.
She married Todd Inserra on August 20, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21588217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588217" title="Evans Cheruiyot">
Evans Cheruiyot

Evans Kiprop Cheruiyot (born 10 May 1982, Kapkoi village, Keiyo District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in the marathon. He started out as a half marathon runner, taking wins in Rotterdam and Nairobi, and won his debut marathon race in Milan in 2007. He won the Chicago Marathon in 2008, running a personal best of 2:06:25 hours.
Cheruiyot has also represented Kenya internationally and was the bronze medallist at the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships.
Background.
A mechanic by training, Cheruiyot is the seventh-born of a family of nine. After graduating from Kapkoi Primary School, in Rift Valley Province's Keiyo District, he took a mechanical engineering and driving course upon joining the National Youth Service (NYS). With the NYS, he started running. He began his competitive career in October 2004 with a third place finish in a 10,000 metres race after completing his program in NYS. Four weeks later, he won his debut in the half marathon at the Standard Chartered Nairobi race with a time of 1:04:24. After competing in several cross-country competitions in France, he won his second half marathon race, the Humarathon, in April 2005. He ran in several other races in 2005 until he got stranded in France along with 14 teammates without money, food and shelter in December until the Kenyan embassy rescued them.
In 2006, he ran a sub one-hour half marathon in a second place finish at the Berlin Half Marathon, and he was a nationally ranked runner according to "Running Times". His 2006 half marathon time ranked him in the top ten of all-time.
At the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships he finished third and was part of the Kenyan team that won the team race. He won the 2007 Rotterdam Half Marathon and made his full marathon debut later that year, taking victory at the Milan Marathon in December. He had previously beaten elite fields and runners such as namesake Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot. In his second outing over the full distance, he won the Chicago Marathon held on October 12, 2008 with a time of 2:06:25.
His 2009 season was less successful – he was eighth at the Boston Marathon and then fifth at the Fukuoka Marathon in Japan. A serious injury ruled him out of competitive running for the latter half of 2009 and all of 2010. He made his comeback at the 2011 Dubai Marathon and demonstrated a return to form by finishing as the runner-up behind David Barmasai with a time of 2:08:17.

</doc>
<doc id="21588228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588228" title="1985 All-Pro Team">
1985 All-Pro Team

The 1985 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News in 1985. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the four teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League".
Pro Football Weekly, which suspended operations in 1985, did not choose an All-Pro team.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro ; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21588231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588231" title="Marcia Pappas">
Marcia Pappas

Marcia Pappas is the New York State president of the National Organization for Women. 
She has been called "the most visible activist in New York State" and has said that Sarah Palin’s nomination as the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate was "an obvious play for the support that Hillary Clinton got in the primaries." 
In support of Clinton, she wrote a press release entitled "Psychological Gang Bang of Hillary is Proof We Need a Woman President", likening the reaction of Barack Obama and John Edwards to a gang rape. Pappas was strongly critical of the Stupak-Pitts Amendment, which places limits on taxpayer-funded abortions in the context of the November 2009 Affordable Health Care for America Act.

</doc>
<doc id="21588240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588240" title="Naismith Outstanding Contribution to Basketball">
Naismith Outstanding Contribution to Basketball

Naismith Outstanding Contribution to Basketball is an award given to one man and one woman each year. The award was established in 1996 and is presented by the Atlanta Tipoff Club.
<br style="clear:both;">

</doc>
<doc id="21588244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588244" title="Church of Saint Elian">
Church of Saint Elian

The Church of Saint Elian (, "Kaneesat Mar Elian") is a church in Homs, Syria, located along Tarafa bin al-Abd Street near the Gate of Palmyra. The Feast of St. Elian is held annually at the church on February 6, attracting a large number of pilgrims.
History.
It takes its name from Saint Elian, a native of Homs, who was martyred for his refusal to renounce Christianity in 284 CE at the hands of his father, a Roman officer. St. Elian was a physician by trade and various miracles of healing are attributed to him. The church itself was founded in 432 on the claimed spot of St. Elian's death, with his remains placed in a sarcophagus in a small chapel to the right of the church's main crypt. 
In 1969-70, Mar Elian was renovated. During the renovation, the plaster which covered the inner walls of the crypt was removed, revealing ancient frescoes depicting murals of Jesus, Mary, the Apostles, and various prophets. The frescoes date to at least the 12th century, but it is widely believed to date to the 6th century, making them the oldest surviving church paintings in Syria. Today, they are complemented by new frescoes in the main nave and side-aisles of the church painted by two Romanian iconographers, showing various scenes of St. Elian's lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="21588250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588250" title="Piel Onyx">
Piel Onyx

__NOTOC__
The Piel CP-150 Onyx is a single-seat, low-cost and low-power ultralight aircraft. The aircraft was designed by French aeronautical engineer Claude Piel. The aircraft is an all-wood single seat microlight based on Mignet principles with fixed tricycle undercarriage and one 12 hp Solo engine.

</doc>
<doc id="21588254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588254" title="Busuttil">
Busuttil

Busuttil is a surname of Maltese origin and may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="21588258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588258" title="Pawlikowski">
Pawlikowski

Pawlikowski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588277" title="The New Empire Cinema">
The New Empire Cinema

The New Empire Cinema is a cinema located in Bowral, New South Wales. It has been open since 1915, and is the oldest continuously running cinema in mainland Australia. The cinema has four screens, and can hold up to 560 people. The cinema is run by Richard Ruhfus, David Graham and Gerard Aiken, and a staff of 24 other people.

</doc>
<doc id="21588300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588300" title="Khalid Qazi">
Khalid Qazi

Khalid Qazi. MD is an internist and residency program director at Sisters of Charity Hospital, Buffalo, New York and president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council of Western New York. He was among a group of Pakistani Americans who met with George W. Bush in 2001 following the September 11 attacks. During that President's administration, Qazi said:
There is a very strong feeling in legal circles that some of the legislation that has come out of Washington recently may seriously compromise the rights of some minorities or Americans in the country. The profiling that is being done is a strong problem that needs to be looked at. We obviously need to work with our political leadership and the administration to see how we can best balance the security issues and the rights of citizens...I think there is a strong feeling in the Muslim community that if there is a Muslim individual who might be accused of carrying out any activity, then the whole community is under the focus and the microscope, rather than just that individual.
Following the arrest of Muzzammil Hassan for the murder and beheading of Hassan's estranged spouse, Qazi was quoted as saying "Domestic violence is despicable, and Islam condones it in no way whatever."

</doc>
<doc id="21588317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588317" title="Sisters of Charity Hospital">
Sisters of Charity Hospital

Sisters of Charity Hospital can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588337" title="Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño">
Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño

Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño was an Ecuadorian historian and politician, born in Quito on December 11, 1890 to Don Manuel Jijón Larrea and Doña Dolores Caamaño y Almada. He was the mayor of the city of Quito (the capital of Ecuador) from 1946 to 1948. He was a member of the Ecuadorian parliament and a candidate for the presidency of Ecuador. He went to school in Quito, where he was taught by Archbishop Federico González Suárez. In 1912, he accompanied a fellow pupil, Don Carlos Manuel Larrea, and his own mother to Europe. There, he developed his interest in the sciences, and learned English, French and German. It was, having collected a large number of books, that he returned to Ecuador and began to utilize his funds to examine pre-Hispanic settlements in the area.
As an archeologist, Jacinto Jijón y Caamaño surveyed pre-Hispanic settlement near the town of Manta, mapping the largest structures. It was then that he became the first to use the term "Manteño" to describe such settlement. Jijón y Caamaño believed that the Manteños operated like a trading ring rather than a kingdom or empire, and drew parallels to the Hanseatic League.
He wrote several works, including "Quito y la independencia de America: discurso leido en la sesion solemne celebrada por la Academia Nacional de Historia ... en conmemoracion del I centenario de la batalla de Pichincha" ("Quito and the independence of America: Address delivered at the solemn session held by the National Academy of History ... in commemoration of the centenary of the Battle of Pichincha", referring to Quito, capital of Ecuador, and the Battle of Pichincha). He also wrote books on archaeological topics, such as the "Antropología prehispánica del Ecuador" ("Pre-Hispanic Anthropology of Ecuador").

</doc>
<doc id="21588348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588348" title="Sisters of Charity Hospital (Buffalo)">
Sisters of Charity Hospital (Buffalo)

Sisters of Charity Hospital is a general medical and surgical hospital founded in 1848 by the Daughters of Charity, and the oldest hospital in Buffalo, New York. The hospital has 467 beds. 
In the most recent year with available data, the hospital received 486 emergency room visits, 17,709 admissions, and physicians performed 9,111 inpatient and 21,146 outpatient surgeries. 

</doc>
<doc id="21588352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588352" title="Louise Antoinette Lannes, Duchess of Montebello">
Louise Antoinette Lannes, Duchess of Montebello

Louise Antoinette Lannes, Duchess of Montebello (February 26, 1782, Paris – July 3, 1856, Paris) was a French courtier, Mistress of the Robes to Empress Marie Louise of France. She was the daughter of senator and financier François Scholastique, Count of Guéhéneuc. She was the sister of general Charles Louis Joseph Olivier, Count of Guéhéneuc.
On September 16, 1800, age 18 at Dornes she married general Jean Lannes (1769-1809), being his second wife. They had five children: four sons (named Napoléon, Alfred, Ernest and Gustave) and one daughter named Joséphine). After the death of Jean Lannes, the eldest son Napoléon succeeded in his titles and three others who used the courtesy title of baron.
The Duchess of Montebello enjoyed a great deal of respect in the contemporary Parisian high society as a role model of aristocratic femininity. She was appointed "dame d'honneur" (Mistress of the Robes) to Empress Marie Louise by Napoleon I, a position she kept from 1810 until the fall of Napoleon in 1814. 

</doc>
<doc id="21588362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588362" title="Paomet">
Paomet

Paomet (also called Pamet) was a tribe of Native Americans living near the Pamet River in modern Cape Cod in the 1620s.

</doc>
<doc id="21588364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588364" title="Joel Shanker">
Joel Shanker

Joel Shanker (born August 14, 1971) is a retired American soccer forward who spent his entire professional career in the U.S. indoor leagues. He was a three time MISL All Star and was a member of the U.S. national futsal team at the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship.
Youth.
Shanker grew up in St. Louis where he played soccer at Parkway Central High School. He graduated in 1990. He then attended Indiana University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1991 to 1994. In 1994, the Hoosiers went to the NCAA championship game where they lost to the University of Virginia.
Professional.
In 1995, Shanker signed with the Detroit Neon in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. He remained with the Neon through the 1995 season. That fall, he moved to the St. Louis Ambush in the National Professional Soccer League, playing the 1995-1996 season with them. In February 1996, the Colorado Rapids selected Shanker in the 16th round (152nd overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. The Rapids released Shanker on March 25, 1996 during its final pre-season roster reduction. He returned to the Ambush for the next two NPSL seasons. In 1999, Shanker began the season with the Philadelphia KiXX. On January 30, 2000, the KiXX sent Shanker and Genoni Martinez to the Detroit Rockers in exchange for Bojan Vuckovic. He played for the Rockers through the 2000-2001 season. The Rockers folded at the end of the seasons and on September 11, 2001 the KiXX selected Shanker in the MISL Dispersal Draft. He finished his career with four seasons in Philadelphia. In 2002, he was the MVP of the MISL All Star Game.
Futsal.
In 2004, Shanker was selected to the U.S. national futsal team which competed at the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship. He played six games in the finals as the U.S. went to the 1-1-4.

</doc>
<doc id="21588389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588389" title="Curries Woods">
Curries Woods

Curries Woods is a neighborhood in the southern part of Greenville in Jersey City, New Jersey bordering Bayonne. It was named after James Curie, who was on the town Committee for Greenville when it was its own Township in the 19th century. The area remained rural until the later part of the century when the Central Railroad of New Jersey built a line connecting ferries to Elizabeth, New Jersey and New York City. Currie's Woods still remained untouched through the late part of the century and it was valued for its woods, rocky shore and dunes on Newark Bay. A lot of the land was eventually lost, but a tract was set aside in the early part of the 20th century. A small cemetery, the Old Greenville Cemetery, was nearby. This park lost much of its land to the city's largest Housing Authority project in 1959, except a small tract in Bayonne, Mercer Park.
Pamrapo.
The area overlapping the city line was earlier called Pamrapo. The name is a derivation of a phrase from the Algonquian language spoken by the Hackensack people, a phratry of the Lenni-Lenape who lived in the northeastern New Jersey at the time of European contact in the 17th century. A possible meaning could be "rock" or "point of rocks" which would refer to the terrain., and the original ravine in Bergen Hill, or lower Hudson Palisades found there. Spellings included "Pimbrepow", "Pembrepock", "Pemmerepoch", "Pemrapaugh", and "Pamrapough" "Pamrepaw""Pamropo"
Two streets, one in Greenville and another in northern Bayonne still bear the name. Patents for land Achter Kol (beyond the ridge) were issued in 1654, as an extension of the Pavonia, New Netherland settlement, which were centered around Communipaw and Harsimus. The Pamrapo Bank, founded in Bayonne in the 19th century, takes its name from this area. The Central Railroad of New Jersey maintained a station called Pamrapo along the right of way now used by the Hudson Bergen Light Rail
City Line.
While the original Lehigh Valley Terminal Railway tracks, New Jersey Route 185, New Jersey Turnpike Newark Bay Extension (I-78) create a physical boundary and de facto border with Bayonne the actual city cuts diagonally across the neighborhood along the route of the Morris Canal. The unusual path of the canal was made necessary by Bergen Hill, lower the Hudson Palisades. Travelling parallel to the base of the ridge it was cut through a natural break in the rock formation, and then travelled northwest to join the Hackensack River, a filled portion still seen in Country Village.
Transportation.
Merritt Street,a section of which part is designated Hudson County Route 707, is a short street in the neighborhood where Old Bergen Road and Ocean Avenue end and Avenue C begins. The street is terminus for New Jersey Transit bus 6
See also.
Odonyms in Hudson County, New Jersey

</doc>
<doc id="21588398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588398" title="Succonet">
Succonet

Succonet were a tribe of Native Americans living near modern Falmouth, Massachusetts in the 1620s.

</doc>
<doc id="21588408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588408" title="Robert Morris (judge)">
Robert Morris (judge)

Robert Morris (1745 – June 2, 1815) was a New Jersey attorney and judge, serving in both state and federal courts.
Morris was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey and read law to enter the Bar in 1770. He engaged in private practice in New Brunswick through 1776. In 1777, he was named Chief justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, until 1779. He thereafter returned to private practice until 1790.
Morris received a recess appointment from President George Washington on August 28, 1790 to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey vacated by the death of David Brearley. Morris was formally nominated to the seat on December 17, 1790, and three days later he was confirmed by the United States Senate and received his commission. When the District of New Jersey was divided into the Eastern District of New Jersey and the Western District of New Jersey on February 13, 1801, Morris was reassigned by operation of law to both of the newly created districts. The two districts were re-consolidated into a single court on July 1, 1802, and Morris was again reassigned by operation of law to his original appointment. He served until his death, in New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="21588532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588532" title="List of 2009 This American Life episodes">
List of 2009 This American Life episodes

In 2009, there were twenty-five This American Life episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="21588535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588535" title="Al-Badr (disambiguation)">
Al-Badr (disambiguation)

Al-Badr can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="21588540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588540" title="Hobbs Army Airfield">
Hobbs Army Airfield

Hobbs Army Airfield was an airfield used during World War II by the United States Army Air Forces Air Training Command as part of the Western Flight Training Center.
History.
On 18 December 1941 eleven days after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Maj. John Armstrong, commander of Roswell Army Airfield, New Mexico, visited Hobbs to conduct a preliminary investigation of potential military sites and discuss the prospects with local political and business leaders. Other military representatives soon followed, including those of the Army Corps of Engineers who would be involved in construction. The Army Air Force decided to use the Hobbs location in February 1942 and began the planning of the base and shipment of materials, but a public announcement was not made until 7 April. In a lease agreement with the city of Hobbs, signed on 4 February 1942, the city was responsible for acquiring "either through voluntary purchase or condemnation" the required for the airfield as well as 12 to for a radio communications installation, adjacent to the airfield for an ordnance installation, land for a sewage disposal system, and land for a rail spur. The city would lease these lands to the government for $1.00 a year with a 25-year renewal option.
In April 1942 the city of Hobbs passed a $26,000 bond issue for land acquisition along the west side of the Hobbs-Lovington Highway, comprising the ranches of the Caudill and Huston families. The Huston family had spent 40 years building up their property and were not happy about being dispossessed. The city was adamant and the case was eventually settled in district court. The property had to be cleared by June 1942.
The Army Corps of Engineers, Albuquerque District, opened a sub-district office in Hobbs on 16 March 1942. On 1 April, Wilson and Company of Salina, Kansas, was awarded a $65,000 architect-engineer contract to design and build the new installation.
Construction contracts were issued to three experienced firms. "The firm of Parks, Marshall & McClosky was awarded a contract to build 423 buildings (later modified to include 456 structures) by the end of December, 1942. Hayner & Bruner had a contract to install the utilities on the base, and three Albuquerque firms partnered to form Allison, Armstrong & Thygesen, who then contracted to build the landing fields, roads, and drainage system." 
Grading of the runways began on 1 June 1942 with 100 workers initially, later to expand to 3,000, to meet a mid-September deadline on the $10.8 million project. Road construction was simultaneously undertaken including the rebuilding of the Hobbs-Lovington Highway to military requirements, and the access road to the base now known as Jack Gomez Boulevard.
The first mission of Hobbs Army Airfield, as a bombardier school for the United States Army Air Forces, began with the arrival of 80 cadets and 20 instructors on 7 September 1942. This was to be the only class of bombardiers, and 69 of the original 80 cadets graduated from the program on 21 November 1942.
While the bombardiers were still training, the West Coast Training Command ordered that Hobbs Army Airfield would become a multi-engine pilot training school, making it one of three B-17 training bases in the U.S. The first B-17 Flying Fortress aircraft arrived at the base in mid-December 1942, along with the first class of 46 four-engine pilots. Hollywood actor and Air Force pilot Jimmy Stewart was among them. One hundred four-engine aircraft mechanics as well as pilot instructors arrived at the same time. The total number of cadets training as Officer Student Pilots peaked in early 1945 when there were a total of 162 B-17 aircraft at the base. In either 1943 or 1944 Hobbs issued a booklet entitled "Hobbs Army Air Field" that is extraordinary because its last page is devoted to African-American soldiers, including a baseball team posed in their uniforms. Few publications then from bases training white soldiers ever mentioned or depicted African-American soldiers. This team calls to mind that in the movie "A Soldier's Story".
The need for B-17 pilot training declined in May 1945 as the war in Europe ended. By the end of 1945 the mission of the base had changed to be one of mothballing and temporary storage of aircraft. By August 1946 a total of 1,600 airplanes had been flown to Hobbs Army Airfield for storage, including the Douglas A-26 Invader and P-51 Mustang.
Hobbs Army Airfield was decommissioned by the United States Air Force on 5 May 1948 and the land reacquired by the City of Hobbs, New Mexico later that year. In 1987 the Soaring Society of America located its headquarters at Hobbs Army Airfield, constructing a building near the old flight line and using the runway for launching gliders and holding national soaring competitions.
Today the airfield is part of the Hobbs Industrial Airpark, a non-flying light business facility. Most of the World War II Airfield is intact, with many support buildings standing on the former station area.

</doc>
<doc id="21588568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588568" title="Anna Maynard Barbour">
Anna Maynard Barbour

Anna Maynard Barbour (died May 10, 1941) was an American author of best-selling fiction. A 1903 article in the The Atlantic Monthly stated that "A. Maynard Barbour has been generally hailed as the most successful of American writers of mystery."
Biography.
Anna Barbour was born in Mansfield, New York in the 19th century to Fayette Barbour and Jane E. Cutler. Her parents died when she was young. During the late 19th century, she lived in Helena, Montana where she worked for the U. S. Government. She married an English gentleman in 1893, and her husband reportedly encouraged her writing career. In 1907 she became an Episcopal deaconess at the House of Mercy in Boston and subsequently worked in Boston and Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="21588569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588569" title="Fragile Eternity">
Fragile Eternity

Fragile Eternity is the sequel to the novel "Wicked Lovely" by Melissa Marr. It is also a companion novel to "Ink Exchange", another novel by Marr which is set in the same universe but focuses on different characters. "Fragile Eternity" takes place after the events of "Ink Exchange".
Plot summary.
The novel begins with Aislinn and Seth arguing over their relationship, as Seth's mortality, Aislinn's immortality, and her ties to Keenan as the summer queen make a normal relationship near impossible. During the book Seth is also bothered by the reality that even the weakest fae is stronger than he is. Whenever Aislinn touches Seth, it results in a burnt bruise.
Meanwhile Bananach visits her twin sister, the High Queen Sorcha, telling her of Aislinn and Seth's relationship as well as predictions of impending war. Curious about Seth, Sorcha orders Devlin, her brother and advisor, to follow Seth to see if he is any threat to the balance of the Faery courts.
Niall offers Seth the protection of the Dark Court, which means that threats or violence against Seth would be treated as a threat or violence against the court as a whole. Niall explains that this would protect him against any potential threat from Keenan in the event that the Faery king decided to dispose of him.
Due to it being the summer season, Aislinn and Keenan are growing more physically attracted to each other as the king and queen of the summer fae. After one of the summer revelries the pair discusses how to better protect and strengthen the court, with Aislinn suggesting ways to make peace with the other courts. Because of the summer season's effects on him, Keenan kisses Aislinn. But actually, Keenan's in love with Aislinn.
Aislinn, however, faithfully confessed to Seth about their kiss. He forgives her.
During this time Donia is growing increasingly unsatisfied with the relationship between herself and Keenan, telling him that his attraction to Aislinn must stop so that she can be the only one in his life. When Keenan cannot promise her this, Donia throws him out of the house, only for Keenan to reveal the events to Aislinn. Aislinn attempts to apologize for Keenan, but Donia grows mad at Aislinn and stabs her with ice. Aislinn walks out of the Winter Queen's home and topples over, then calls Keenan to rescue her.
While trying to heal her, Keenan's touch arouses Aislinn. Seth discovers this and asks Aislinn for space in their relationship. Hurt, Aislinn lets Seth leave without following him. After leaving, Seth is abducted by Bananach, who takes him to Sorcha. Sorcha offers to make Seth a powerful faery capable of using her own powers as long as he stays with her for one month each year. During his time in Faerie, Seth develops a mother/son relationship with Sorcha, gaining great influence in her court as well as a strong connection with her.
Seth, however, is unaware that one day in Faerie is six days in the mortal world and his long disappearance crushes Aislinn. Aislinn attempts to find him, not knowing that Keenan, Niall, and Donia are aware of where he is. Keenan chooses not to tell Aislinn because it would cause her to have conflicts with the High Court and breaks up with Donia in an unsuccessful attempt to woo Aislinn. Niall eventually goes to visit Seth, who is perfectly happy in Faerie, except for his longing for Aislinn. He then tells Niall of his deal with Sorcha, and tells him not to worry about him. Sorcha tells Niall not to tell Seth too much about what is going on in the outside world and especially not to tell Aislinn about his being there.
At this point Seth has been missing for five months and believing him gone for good, Aislinn attempts to seduce Keenan but is rebuffed. Keenan tells Aislinn that he will only sleep with her once she really loves him. Upon his return from Faerie, Aislinn and Keenan are surprised to see that Seth has returned and that he is now a powerful faery with strong ties and influence in Sorcha's court. Keenan runs to Donia to beg for her forgiveness, but is rebuffed by her. Seth discovers that Aislinn has been dating Keenan and blames her for not having faith in their relationship. The novel ends with Seth getting permission to train with Gabriel's Hounds so he can hunt down Bananach.
Reception.
Critical reception for "Fragile Eternity" was mixed to positive, with RT Book Reviews giving it four and a half stars, saying "It's a keeper".Kirkus Reviews said that the book was mediocre and repetitive, but that it would "fly off library and bookstore shelves". Booklist stated that the book was "Slim on plot and heavy with Aislinn’s inner conflict, this will nevertheless be popular with fans of the series".

</doc>
<doc id="21588574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588574" title="Hat in the Ring">
Hat in the Ring

Hat in the Ring may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588597" title="Spitz nevus">
Spitz nevus

A Spitz nevus (also known as an "Epithelioid and spindle-cell nevus," "Benign juvenile melanoma", and "Spitz's juvenile melanoma") is a benign melanocytic nevus, a type of skin lesion, affecting the epidermis and dermis.
Spitz nevus is also known as spindle and epithelioid cell nevus and juvenile melanoma. The latter term is generally no longer used as it is misleading: it is not a melanoma, it is a benign lesion; it can also occur in adults, not only in children.
Epidemiology.
Spitz nevi are uncommon. Their annual incidence was estimated in a coastal population of sub-tropical Queensland to be 1.4 cases per 100,000 people. For comparison, the annual incidence of melanoma in the same population, which is high by world standards is 25.4 cases per 100,000 people.
Although they are most commonly found on people in their first two decades of life, the age range for people with Spitz nevi is from 6 months to 71 years, with a mean age of 22 years and a median age of 19 years.
Pathology.
The cause of Spitz nevi is not yet known. There is an association with sunburn, but causation is not established. Genetic studies of Spitz nevi have shown that most cells have the normal number of chromosomes, however a minority (25%) of cells have been shown to contain extra copies of parts of some chromosomes, such as the short arm of chromosome 11 (11p). 
Spitz nevi characteristically have vertically arranged nests of nevus cells that have both a spindled and an epithelioid morphology. Apoptotic cells may be seen at the dermoepidermal junction. The main histologic differential diagnoses are pigmented spindle cell nevus and malignant melanoma.
Eponym.
The lesion is named after Sophie Spitz, the pathologist who originally described it in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="21588604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588604" title="Potocytosis">
Potocytosis

Potocytosis is a type of receptor-mediated endocytosis in which small molecules are transported across the plasma membrane of a cell. The molecules are transported by caveolae (rather than clathrin-coated vesicles) and are deposited directly into the cytosol.
Like other types of receptor-mediated endocytosis, potocytosis typically begins when an extracellular ligand binds to a receptor protein on the surface of a cell, thus beginning the formation of an endocytotic vesicle. The ligand is usually of low molecular mass (e.g. vitamins), but some larger molecules (such as lipids) can also act as ligands.

</doc>
<doc id="21588607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588607" title="Gualfardo of Verona">
Gualfardo of Verona

Saint Gualfardo of Verona (or Wolfhard of Augsburg) (1070–1127) was a Swabian artisan, trader, and hermit who lived around Verona. A hagiographical "vita" (biography) was composed, according to the Bollandists, within decades of his death, probably towards the end of the twelfth century. In the early sixteenth century he was venerated as the patron saint of the harnessmakers' guild at Verona. 
Gualfardo was born in Augsburg, the chief city of Swabia at the time. In 1096 he was on a pilgrimage—German "Wallfahrer" means pilgrim, whence his Italian name—from Augsburg "with some journeyman merchants", according to his "vita". He stopped in Verona, where he lived for a time with a journeyman, though he was a master harnessmaker by trade. Of this brief period his "vita" says: "In eodem vero loco beatissimus Gualfardus in sellarum exercitio (nam optimus sellator erat) parvo tempore moratus" (in that very place the most blessed Gualfardo worked on saddles the best saddler he was but for a short time). He eventually settled in a dense forest on the Adige not far from Verona. There he lived for twenty years before he was found by hunters, who brought him back to Verona. He established a shop near the abbey of San Salvatore, but during a flood he left the city again and built a hermit's cell near the church of Santa Trinità in the countryside nearby. Until his death he was well sought after by the Veronese for his miracles. He does not seem to have been an especial aid to travelers, though his love of solitude did not interfere with his hospitality to city-dwellers, who also brought him food. He died at Curte-Regia near Verona in 1127.

</doc>
<doc id="21588625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588625" title="Nike Tiempo">
Nike Tiempo

Nike Tiempo is a sports brand designed by Nike and targeted at soccer / Football players. The range includes cleats ( known as Football Boots in the UK), along with associated shorts, training kits and shinguards under the same label.
History.
The first Nike boots sporting the Swoosh logo, exclusive to the brand, were seen during the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the United States. Nike supplied boots to ten of the players in the final, between Italy and Brazil. The two were, at the time, among the most successful teams in the world. Sponsorship agreements were reached with Brazilian Romario and Italian Paolo Maldini for the use of Nike Tiempo boots. Such attention broke the dominance of Hummel, Puma, and Adidas, who were the favoured brand for international soccer players. Later in the year, that the first Nike cleats became commercially available to the public.
Nike Tiempo's.
The Nike Tiempo football boot is known for its comfort. It is endorsed by players such as Sergio Ramos, Ronaldinho, Jérôme Boateng, Javier Hernández and Chris Smalling as well as several others. This boot comes in plain and original colors, however it can be personalised through the use of NIKEiD. It comes in 4 different soles - FG - firm ground, SG - soft ground, AG - artificial grass and IC - indoor. The more expensive the shoe is the better the material is and more durability it has.
The Nike Tiempos also come in Elite versions. Similar to other cleats in the Elite series, (T90, CTR, SUPERFLY) the chassis of the Legend Elite is made of carbon fiber to reduce weight. The Elite version of the Legend III instead used a new material called Kanga-Lite. Kanga-Lite is a water-resistant synthetic material that mimics the supreme ball feel and touch of kangaroo leather while maintaining its performance in all conditions. The first Elite version was released in Metallic Mach/Purple/Total Orange exclusively for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
Subsequently the Tiempo has been released under the 10R (Ronaldinho), Ronaldinho has his own version called: Ronaldinho Dois.
On 1 July 2010, The Nike Tiempo Legend III was released, in two colorways, the first being Black/White/Volt and the second being Metallic White/Chilling Red.
Subsequent colorways include White/Seaweed/Sport Red, Pearl/Black/Team Orange, White/Black/Del Sol, Black/White/Gold and Metallic Mach/Purple/Total Orange (This colorway is only available in the Elite versions of the Nike Tiempo).
The launch of the Tiempo Legend IV on 1 July 2011, marked a change in Nike's management of the Tiempo line, introducing an 'Elite' level boot at the time of launch (rather than part way through the boot's lifespan, as with the Legend III).
Whilst the Tiempo Legend IV received several notable updates, including a synthetic 'KangaLite' Leather midfoot and heel to improve stability and the removal of the classic Tiempo tongue - Nike's marketing surrounding the line focused on the Tiempo Legend IV Elite. Featuring Flywire similar to that on the Superfly III, full Carbon Fibre-chassis and 'Premium' Kangaroo leather, the Tiempo Legend IV Elite was Nike's lead boot for Autumn 2011.
Launching in Black/White/Total Orange, the Tiempo Legend IV Elite was the most expensive Tiempo ever, costing £275 (over US$315).
The Nike Tiempo Legend V was launched in December of 2013 in Desert Sand/Atomic Orange/Black. This updated version of the Tiempo is 0.8 ounces lighter than it's predecessor. Nike's ACC (All Conditions Control) and Hypershield technologies are designed to reduce water uptake, a common problem with natural leather boots. 
Ronaldinho's Tiempos.
Once Ronaldinho reached the peak of his career, he became an idol all over the world. He was known for his skills on the ball and all his great accomplishments on the field. Nike decided to team up with a premier footballer of the time, to create a new boot, the Nike Tiempo 10R. Released in 2006 this was the first boot created by Nike exclusively for a player. Ronaldinho chose a classy look for his custom boot. He wanted the boot polished to a more traditional, the studs are rubber made for easy control of the ball, shiny black and he even helped by drawing the linings on the boot. Later on 2008, Nike release another version of Nike Tiempo 10R. It's called Nike 10R Dois, in conjunction of he was nominated as Footballer of the Year on two occasions . Later on Nike decided to drop his signature line of boots to give way to the release of their new product range, the Nike CTR360.
Shinguards.
Nike Tiempo's Shinguards are made out of polypropylene shell for comfortable and durable protection. They have straps for secure and adjustable fit which make them very comfortable.
Clothing.
100% polyester Nike Tiempo's Shorts are made with an elastic waist and an innerdraw cord which makes the fit even better. 
100% polyester Nike Tiempo's Shirts are made with a crewneck contract collar.

</doc>
<doc id="21588630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588630" title="New Colors">
New Colors

New Colors is an album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard recorded in 2000 and released on the Hip Bop Essence label in 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="21588645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588645" title="Pietro Marsetti">
Pietro Marsetti

Pietro Marsetti is a former footballer for Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito (1987–1997) and for the Ecuadorian national football team (1987–1989) where he scored 3 goals in 25 appearances.
Career.
Marsetti began playing youth football with Club Deportivo Universidad Católica del Ecuador before signing a professional contract with Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito in 1987. He would play for clubs on both sides of the Quito derby: ten seasons with LDU Quito and four seasons with Sociedad Deportivo Quito.

</doc>
<doc id="21588654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588654" title="Hesham Tillawi">
Hesham Tillawi

Hesham Tillawi is a Palestinian-American writer, TV talk show host, and political analyst living in Lafayette, Louisiana.
Tillawi's weekly two-hour television show, "Current Issues", began to be carried by Bridges TV, a Muslim television network, in late 2005. Tillawi used the show to vocalize criticism against Israel's treatment of Arabs and Muslims. The Anti-Defamation League, however, said his show was "a megaphone for Holocaust deniers and white supremacists seeking to broadcast their hatred and anti-Semitism into American homes" with a "who's who" of notable American antisemites including David Duke, Willis Carto, Edgar J. Steele, Mark Weber, Kevin B. MacDonald and Bradley Smith.
After a 2006 episode in which he interviewed Lyndon LaRouche, Tillawi said he got phone calls and e-mails protesting LaRouche's appearance on the show. Tillawi defended his decision to have LaRouche as a guest, saying that people had to hear what LaRouche has to say and make their own judgment.
Carried briefly on Bridges TV, "Current Issues" was dropped by the station in May 2006. It continues to be broadcast on Public-access television cable TV and is also available over the Internet. [http://www.adl.org/learn/ext_us/hesham_tillawi.asp?LEARN_Cat=Extremism&LEARN_SubCat=Extremism_in_America&xpicked=2&item=tillawi] 

</doc>
<doc id="21588670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588670" title="House of Loud">
House of Loud

House Of Loud is a professional recording studio located in Elmwood Park, New Jersey. 
Notable bands that have recorded here:
It was originally Whitney Houston's studio but was transformed by producers David Bendeth, and Dan Korneff.

</doc>
<doc id="21588687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588687" title="Ureohydrolase">
Ureohydrolase

A ureohydrolase is a type of hydrolase enzyme.
The ureohydrolase superfamily includes arginase (), agmatinase (), formiminoglutamase () and proclavaminate amidinohydrolase (). These enzymes share a 3-layer alpha-beta-alpha structure, and play important roles in arginine/agmatine metabolism, the urea cycle, histidine degradation, and other pathways.
Arginase, which catalyses the conversion of arginine to urea and ornithine, is one of the five members of the urea cycle enzymes that convert ammonia to urea as the principal product of nitrogen excretion. There are several arginase isozymes that differ in catalytic, molecular and immunological properties. Deficiency in the liver isozyme leads to argininemia, which is usually associated with hyperammonemia.
Agmatinase hydrolyses agmatine to putrescine, the precursor for the biosynthesis of higher polyamines, spermidine and spermine. In addition, agmatine may play an important regulatory role in mammals.
Formiminoglutamase catalyses the fourth step in histidine degradation, acting to hydrolyse N-formimidoyl-L-glutamate to L-glutamate and formamide.
Proclavaminate amidinohydrolase is involved in clavulanic acid biosynthesis. Clavulanic acid acts as an inhibitor of a wide range of beta-lactamase enzymes that are used by various microorganisms to resist beta-lactam antibiotics. As a result, this enzyme improves the effectiveness of beta-lactamase antibiotics.

</doc>
<doc id="21588698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588698" title="Emily (Dave Koz song)">
Emily (Dave Koz song)

"Emily" is a single by American Smooth jazz saxophonist Dave Koz, from his debut album "Dave Koz" released in 1990. The album proved to be one of the first to spawn hit singles in the genre smooth jazz.
Track listings and appearances.
The song has appeared in several album apart from "Dave Koz" notably in "Pure Moods" and "Greatest Hits".
CD-Maxi

</doc>
<doc id="21588731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588731" title="Northwest Arm Drive">
Northwest Arm Drive

The Northwest Arm Drive is a 4-lane divided highway that runs entirely in Halifax in the Halifax Regional Municipality connecting Nova Scotia Highway 102 in Clayton Park to Nova Scotia Route 306 (Old Sambro Rd) in Spryfield. The highway is a stub of the incomplete "Harbour Drive" project which would have connected Nova Scotia Highway 102 with the Halifax waterfront, via a bridge over the Northwest Arm and a 6-lane highway through the south end along Water Street and along Barrington past Cogswell. The project was cancelled in the 1970s in the wake of public opposition, but not before Northwest Arm Drive and the Cogswell Street Interchange were completed.

</doc>
<doc id="21588737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588737" title="List of number-one digital singles of 2008 (Australia)">
List of number-one digital singles of 2008 (Australia)

These are the number-one digital singles for 2008 published by ARIA's Digital Track Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21588738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588738" title="1986 All-Pro Team">
1986 All-Pro Team

The 1986 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly and The Sporting News in 1986. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1986 the AP chose two defensive tackles (one a nose-tackle) rather than two defensive tackles and one nose tackles as they had done since 1981. The Pro Football Writers Association returned to a 4-3 format for their 1986 defense.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21588754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588754" title="Pereira &amp; Luckman">
Pereira &amp; Luckman

Pereira & Luckman was a Los Angeles, California architectural firm. The firm designed the Theme Building at Los Angeles International Airport and employed Paul Williams (architect).

</doc>
<doc id="21588766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588766" title="Jerry Fishman">
Jerry Fishman

Jerry Fishman (born c. 1943) is an American former football player. He played college football for the Maryland Terrapins of the University of Maryland and was selected by the Baltimore Colts in the 1965 NFL Draft. Fishman gained notoriety when he twice gave an obscene gesture during the , which directly resulted in a 40-year hiatus of the series.
Biography.
Fishman attended Norwalk High School in Norwalk, Connecticut, where he played football and baseball. In 1960, he became the then second all-time single-game rusher in the state of Connecticut when he rushed for 342 yards against Danbury. 
Fishman attended the University of Maryland where he played football primarily as a linebacker. He also served as a tailback, and in 1963 was the team's leading rusher with 480 yards on 116 carries. In 1964, he was named to the All-Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) first team as a guard.
Fishman gained notoriety and is most known for his actions in the 1964 game against the Naval Academy, an intense in-state rival. Rough play marked the game, and Fishman responded on two occasions with an extended middle-finger to taunts from the stands, some of which Maryland receiver Darryl Hill described as anti-Semitic. Afterward, with respect to his rough play, Navy head coach Wayne Hardin called Fishman, "a disgrace to the game." Maryland head coach Tom Nugent conceded that Fishman may have been "a little wild-eyed," but added, "I can't chastise him publicly. I didn't see him do anything deliberate." Navy officials cited Fishman's use of the middle finger as the main reason for their refusal to renew the series for 40 years. Several times, University of Maryland officials asked Fishman to apologize for the gesture, but he refused and said, "What for? It's a game. It's a silly game. It's football, it's not a diplomatic blunder."
Fishman was the only Jew on the team at the time, and became close friends with Darryl Hill after he transferred from Navy. Hill was the first black player on any ACC football team. Fishman said, "He being the only black and me being the only Jew, we used to call ourselves 'The Onlys.'" Shortly after Hill's arrival, Fishman cut a deal with Hill, offering to help him survive his redshirt season in exchange for tutoring in economics. Fishman was fiercely protective of his friend, Hill, who was the subject of mistreatment from the fans and opposing players. Against South Carolina, which had threatened a boycott of the game because of Hill's participation, Maryland led 13–0 at halftime. As the team walked to the locker room, a fan poured a drink onto Hill. Fishman responded by hitting the man with his helmet. At Wake Forest, Hill was knocked unconscious by a late hit, and Fishman applied the oxygen mask when the medics refused.
Fishman was selected in the 14th round (196th overall) of the 1965 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts. The Colts waived him during the preseason camp, and in 1965, he instead played for the Hartford Charter Oaks in the Continental Football League. In June 1966, he was signed by the Washington Redskins, but did not make the roster. Fishman is now retired from personal injury law and currently resides in Boca Raton, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="21588771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588771" title="Erard II of Chacenay">
Erard II of Chacenay

Erard II (died 16 June 1236) was the Sire de Chacenay (Chassenay) from 1190/1. He was the eldest son of Erard I of Chacenay and Mathilde de Donzy, also known as Félicité.
In 1209 Erard, with the consent of his unnamed wife, confirmed a donation to Basse-Fontaine by a certain "Agnete", specified as "domina" of Chacenay, probably his grandmother Agnes de Brienne. In July 1219 Erard's cousin, Hervé, Count of Nevers, confirmed a donation Erard had made to the Teutonic Knights. Erard took part in the Fifth Crusade (1217), but was back in Europe by 1220. He was a patron of the trouvère Guiot de Dijon. He was buried in the Abbey of Clairvaux.
Erard was the second husband of Emmeline (Emelina) de Broyes (died 1249, before April), widow of Eudes II de Champlitte. They were married in 1205. In 1218 she made a joint donation with her husband to the Abbey of Moutier-la-Celle. Their eldest son, Erard III, succeeded Erard as sire. Their second son, Huet, died on Crusade in 1249. They also had three daughters: Matilda, who married Guy d'Arcis-sur-Aube; Alix, who succeeded her brother as dame; and Joanna, who is only known from the donation of 1218.

</doc>
<doc id="21588781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588781" title="Stimulus bill (disambiguation)">
Stimulus bill (disambiguation)

Stimulus bill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588788" title="Synodontis angelicus">
Synodontis angelicus

Synodontis angelicus is a species of upside-down catfish commonly named polka-dot African catfish or angel squeaker. This species is native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo. This species grows to a length of SL although specimens up to SL have been recorded in nature.
In the aquarium.
The polka-dot African catfish is mostly nocturnal. These catfish will excavate the substrate and may nibble plants. They eat smaller live foods and prepared foods. They prefer a water temperature of 22-28 °C, a pH of 6.5-7.5 and a hardness of 3-20 dGH.
Appearance.
A variable pattern of creamy white spots of a constant size on a chocolate brown background characterises this catfish. The spots become less pronounced and the background grayer with age.

</doc>
<doc id="21588805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588805" title="List of number-one digital songs of 2009 (Australia)">
List of number-one digital songs of 2009 (Australia)

These are the number-one digital singles for 2009 published by ARIA's Digital Track Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="21588830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588830" title="Elizabeth Wong (politician)">
Elizabeth Wong (politician)

Elizabeth Wong (黃潔冰) (born 9 March 1972) is the Bukit Lanjan assemblywoman and Selangor executive council member in charge of tourism, consumer affairs, and environment. She is a member of Parti Keadilan Rakyat.
Wong entered the electoral arena as a candidate under the Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR, People's Justice Party) during the 12th general election and on March 8, 2008, Wong created an upset by defeating the incumbent and was elected as the new Selangor State Assemblyman for Bukit Lanjan with a majority of over 5000, the second largest majority won by PKR state assembly candidates in Selangor.
Wong is a human rights activist and was involved in activist environmental campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="21588832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588832" title="Cause and Effect (Digital Summer album)">
Cause and Effect (Digital Summer album)

Cause and Effect is the first studio album by hard rock five piece Digital Summer. It was released on March 8, 2007, and features the single "Whatever it Takes".

</doc>
<doc id="21588837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588837" title="Amba River">
Amba River

Amba River (, in Udege Language it means "Tiger") is a river in Primorsky Krai.
It rises in "Borisov Plateau" of Sikhote-Alin and flow into Amur Bay of Sea of Japan. The river is 63 km long, its drainage basin area is 330 square kilometres. The river 50-70 m in width and 1.5-2 m in depth.
A water level of Amba River is possible to higher after summer rains.
"Amba" literally means "Amur tiger" in Nanai and Udege languages.

</doc>
<doc id="21588839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588839" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Northumberland County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northumberland County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Northumberland County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21588843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588843" title="Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma">
Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma

Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma (1928–2008) was an Indian carnatic singer. and teacher who descended from the royal family of Mavelikkara, Kerala.
Biography.
He was born in 1928 as the second son of Chandraprabha Thamburatty (daughter of the great scholar A. R. Raja Raja Varma) and Rama Varma of Kilimanoor Palace. While in his mother's womb, Varma was affected by polio and thus was born with disorder in his right leg, which he had to carry till his death. After his initial studies, he joined the Swathi Thirunal Music Academy in Thiruvananthapuram and after the course, joined the academy as an Assistant Professor in 1957. He retired as the principal of RLV College of Music and Fine Arts, Tripunithura (1981–84). 
He has many illustrious disciples, including the famous Carnatic vocalists Neyyatinkara Vasudevan, Dr. K. Omanakutti and Sankaran Namboodiri,Mavelikkara P Subrahmanyam,Ponkunnam Ramachandran,Thamarakkad Govindan Namboothiri, Cheppad Vamanan Namboothiri, Etc .
He died on November 2, 2008, at his sister's home at Thrippunithura near Ernakulam. He was aged 80. He remained a lifelong bachelor.

</doc>
<doc id="21588867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588867" title="Cotacachi">
Cotacachi

Cotacachi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588882" title="Velika Pristava">
Velika Pristava

Velika Pristava is a small settlement south of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21588885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588885" title="Martyn Joseph">
Martyn Joseph

Martyn Joseph (born 15 July 1960, Penarth, Wales) is a Welsh singer-songwriter whose music exhibits primarily a brand of Celtic and folk, while his songwriting is often focused on social lament or protest. From independently releasing his first studio release, "I'm Only Beginning" in 1983, to his latest 2012 album, "Songs for the Coming Home", Joseph's career has spanned twenty-nine years and three different labels – Sony, Grapevine and his own Pipe Records. In 2004, he won the Best Male Artist Category in the BBC Welsh Music Awards.
Early life.
Born in Wales, Joseph grew up as an avid golfer, having started to play at the age of 10. At 15 years old, he was playing off a handicap of one, and at 17, he became the youngest ever winner of the Glamorganshire Golf Club Championship. He has won that title four times and also played for the County of Glamorgan and in the British Youths and Amateur Championships in the 1980s. Joseph remains a keen amateur golfer and plays with a handicap of four. However, Joseph would gradually focus his career path on music. Growing up, he participated in school eisteddfods and, at his own estimate, he had already written several songs by his early teens.
Recording career.
Early career (1983–1998).
Joseph began recording in 1983, releasing five albums over the 1980s, culminating in his 1989 self-financed "An Aching and a Longing" (Myrrh Records), which sold 30,000 copies and gained him a large enough following that he was subsequently signed to Sony Records. He made his major label debut with "Being There" in 1992. It was produced by Ben Wisch, to create more stripped-down arrangements. Joseph worked musically with Pete Brookes, while collaborating with lyricist Stewart Henderson on many of the tracks. A year after the release of "Being There", Joseph recorded live versions of the songs featured on the album and released it under the title "Undrugged".
His second and final release under Sony, the self-titled "Martyn Joseph", was produced by Mick Glossop, whose previous work included albums with The Waterboys. The first single from "Martyn Joseph", "Talk about it in the Morning" co-written with Tom Robinson, was released in 1995 and reached the Top 50 charts in the UK. 
Joseph's brief major label career produced five Top 50 singles total in the UK, including "Dolphins Make Me Cry", "Working Mother", "Being There" and "Let's Talk About it in The Morning." Prior to 2003's "Whoever It Was That Brought Me Here Will Have To Take Me Home", "Being There" and "Martyn Joseph" were the only albums of his to have been released in the United States.
After being dropped by Sony, he recorded two albums for the UK independent record label Grapevine: "Full Colour Black and White" and "Tangled Souls". His first release under Grapevine featured the fourth track "Ballad of Richard Lewis", a homage to the Welsh labourer and hero better known as Dic Penderyn, who was sentenced to death after leading the Merthyr Rising of 1831. The song would be later included in further albums (including the "Thunder and Rainbows" compilation, the "Don't Talk About Love" live album, and "Evolved", as a re-recording in a different style) as "Dic Penderyn".
Pipe Records (1999–present).
In 1999, Joseph established his own label, Pipe Records, citing "creative freedom" and "complete control" as the main advantages granted him that were not possible working under other labels. Drawing from possible past experiences with Sony, Joseph explains, "I'm not dependent on Robbie Williams' diary or Madonna's film schedule for when songs get released." Joseph began publishing work under a new medium, a news magazine entitled "The Passport Queue", the name of which is taken from a line in the song "Everything in Heaven". Subscribers of the magazine receive free annual CDs of rare recordings.
In his first release under Pipe Records, "Far From Silent", Joseph explored the complications of fame and fortune, in the second track "Celebrity". The eighth track, entitled "The Good in Me is Dead", written in the perspective of a Kosovo refugee in light of the Balkan atrocities, reflects Joseph's penchant for writing about social tragedies and injustice. "The prime motive in the instant that I pick up the guitar is a selfish one," Joseph says. "It's because I need to deal with the world. I'm in the world and it's horrible, and what can I do? I'm just getting this stuff out of my system as it were." 
Between "Far From Silent" and his next LP, Joseph came out with several works, the first of which was a 2000 limited edition EP, "The Shirley Sessions", which he worked on primarily during a tour with Shirley Bassey gone awry. The next year, in 2001, Joseph compiled a two-disc best-of album entitled "Thunder and Rainbows – The Best We Could Find" comprising 31 of his previous favourites and two new songs. Following his first best-of compilation, he came out with his second live album, two volumes of recordings under the title "Don't Talk About Love 1992 – 2002".
In November 2003, Joseph released his second LP under Pipe Records, "Whoever It Was That Brought Me Here Will Have To Take Me Home". Soon thereafter, Joseph began a serious collaboration with Tom Robinson and Steve Knightley, whom he worked with extensively early in his career. The result was the 2004 release, "Faith, Folk and Anarchy", as well as an eventual live accompaniment, "Faith, Folk & Anarchy Live". The next year brought three more releases from Joseph. In the midst of the controversial war in Iraq, Joseph's next album, "Deep Blue", featured the highly political tracks "Yet Still This Will Not Be" and "How Did We End Up Here". Joseph mused in an interview with a folk music website, "I bet, in his private moments alone, deep down, Tony Blair the person regrets what he did in Iraq". "The Bridgerow Sessions" and "Because We Can...", further collaborated on with Steve Knightley and Stewart Henderson respectively, rounded out the year.
A regular performer at the annual Greenbelt Festival in the United Kingdom, Joseph recorded his 2006 performance and released it as "MJGB06". The same year, he came out with his first live effort recorded on DVD, "Martyn Joseph Live". A two-day stint in Las Vegas would precede his following LP released in 2007 and would prove to be highly influential, inspiring the album's title, "Vegas", and its title-track. Another track on the album, "Kindness", was, on the other hand, inspired by the homeless situation in Toronto. The album exhibited a generally edgier sound, featuring electric guitar.
In October 2008, Joseph released "Evolved", a new full-length album featuring 14 newly recorded tracks of songs in Joseph's previous catalogue, but played in a different style than its original recording. He felt that the songs found in his albums no longer reflected the manner in which he played them live. The songs are uniquely presented exactly as Joseph played it in studio without any overdubbing or additional instrumentation.
In January 2009, at the height of the Israeli attack on Gaza, Joseph released "Five Sisters", a track paying homage to the five sisters who were killed by an Israeli shell supposedly meant to hit a mosque. Later that year, Joseph released another live album entitled "Official Bootleg Series – Volume 1 – Live Cuts 92–08". As the title suggests, the album compiled an assortment of official bootlegs spanning performances from 1992 to 2008. During a 31-date tour of the United Kingdom, beginning in October 2010, Joseph's performances were recorded for a future live DVD release.
Joseph later released "Under Lemonade Skies", a 10-track LP.
Touring.
Joseph tours extensively as a solo artist in the UK, and in the early 2000s he began touring regularly in Canada and the United States. One of his songs, "All This Time" was borne of a trip through the Canadian wilderness. Of the track's inspiration, Joseph explains, "It humbles you visiting a place like that. Anyone who has an ego problem needs to backpack through Canada for a while." He is also a regular performer at major Canadian folk festivals, including the Vancouver and Edmonton Folk Music Festivals, and at the annual Greenbelt Festival in the UK.
Joseph has performed as a support act for a wide variety of artists, such as Marc Cohn, Joan Armatrading, Art Garfunkel, and Suzanne Vega. In June 2000, he left a tour with Shirley Bassey after only eight shows because of what he described as "rather obvious artistic differences". Prior to the tour, he admitted in an interview with "Cross Rhythms", "I've heard that she can be difficult...I figure that songs will paint a slightly different picture to the one she will probably paint so I guess it's a sense of balance, it's a challenge." Having unexpected time on his hands, he recorded an EP entitled "The Shirley Sessions", which consisted of several songs written during the tour.
In his early career, he experimented with an accompanied arrangement in his live shows, having been assigned drummer Pete Thomas from the Attractions by his Sony label.
Activism.
Spanning his musical career, Joseph has campaigned for countless causes. Asked in an interview whether he considered himself primarily a musician or activist, Joseph replied, "I can't decide ... I guess it's all part and parcel of the same thing for me." Focusing his attention towards trade justice, third world debt cancellation and human rights, Joseph has been involved with Brazil's MST (Movimento dos Trabalhadores Sem Terra), Amnesty International, Christian Aid, Casa Alianza, the Stephen Lewis Foundation, Jubilee 2000 and Advantage Africa.
In May 2004, in the wake of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, Joseph released a five-track EP, "The Great American Novel", with all proceeds designated to War Child. He worked on the recording with regular collaborators Tom Robinson and Steve Knightley.
2014 saw him take the spirit of his music onto a more practical footing with the launch of his " Let Yourself Trust", a not-for-profit organisation which aims to make a small difference out of great love and commitment by challenging injustice wherever it’s found, educating via advocacy, campaigning for human rights, and raising issues that have been forgotten or ignored via fundraising initiatives, thus bringing about greater awareness for beautiful people in powerless situations.
Awards.
BBC Welsh Music Awards

</doc>
<doc id="21588890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588890" title="Levy House">
Levy House

Levy House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21588906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588906" title="Cotacachi Volcano">
Cotacachi Volcano

Cotacachi is a dormant volcano in the Western Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes, in the west of Imbabura Province, above the city of Cotacachi. It has a summit elevation of above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="21588915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588915" title="Will B. Johnstone">
Will B. Johnstone

Will B. Johnstone (1883–1944) was an American writer, cartoonist, and lyricist. His writing credits include one Broadway musical, and two films, for the Marx Brothers, and several popular songs, including a version of "How Dry I Am."
He created the cartoon character of "The Tax Payer" wearing only a barrel held up by suspenders. It was a regular feature in the New York World-Telegram.

</doc>
<doc id="21588917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588917" title="Cotacachi (city)">
Cotacachi (city)

Cotacachi is a city that is the seat of Cotacachi Canton, Imbabura Province, Ecuador in South America. See here for a map of the Cotacachi area. 
Cotacachi is an artisan city that is famous for its leather goods and handicrafts. Cotacachi residents are also well known for their carne colorada (filet of pork cooked in red achiote sauce), and queso de hoja (soft cheese wrapped in a plant leaf). 
The city of Cotacachi holds a UNESCO medal for being free of illiteracy. In 2000 the entire canton was declared the first ecological county of South America. 
Geography.
The city is located 5 miles northwest of the artisan city of Otavalo, about 3 miles west of the Panamerican Highway (Route 35). It lies in the valley between the volcanos of Imbabura and Cotacachi. There are two main entrances to the city, both stemming exit off the Panamerican Highway. The first entrance feeds directly into the city's main square, while the other turns into the famed Calle 10 de Agosto (locally known as Leather Street).
Demography.
Cotacachi and the surrounding communities boasts one of the highest concentrations of indigenous people in the country of Ecuador. Due to its location close to the metropolitan areas of Ibarra and Quito, as well as proximity to the coastal province of Esmeraldas, it is also home to great diversity. Many mestizo people (coming from Quito) and many Afro-Ecuadorians (coming from Esmeraldas) live in and around the city. In recent years, the demographic has shifted to include many foreign retirees. On a recent census, the number of resident foreigners totaled more than 500.
Inti Raymi.
An annual fiesta of San Juan, San Pedro, y San Pablo (also known as Inti Raymi, or the "Sun Festival" in Kichwa) in late June is celebrated in the city with many different ceremonies and a parade that sometimes degenerates into a rock-throwing expression of hostility between members of the indigenous Kichwa tribe and the mestizo majority population that co-exist uneventfully throughout the rest of the year. The ritual is a temporary enactment of social upheaval via the symbolic storming of the city, remembering ancient rivalries. 
Distinctive black leather hats for the fiesta are worn by some male participants during the ceremonies and the parade. The "San Juan hats" have greatly-exaggerated, stiff and circular flat brims that extend over the shoulders and crowns that are high, square, and pointed, bearing many types of symbols. Perhaps intentionally, the design also serves to protect wearers from the rocks. Sometimes intervention by police is required if parade participants become too rowdy. 

</doc>
<doc id="21588923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588923" title="List of Ambassadors of Russia to Cambodia">
List of Ambassadors of Russia to Cambodia

This is a list of Ambassadors to Cambodia of the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation:

</doc>
<doc id="21588971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21588971" title="Volče, Pivka">
Volče, Pivka

Volče () is a village in the Municipality of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The small church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Peter and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21589005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589005" title="San Isidro, San Pablo">
San Isidro, San Pablo

Barangay San Isidro (commony known as Balagbag) is a rural and one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the southern portion of the city and bounded by the municipality of Tiaong, Quezon on south, Brgy. Santisimo Rosario on north, Brgy. San Antonio 2 on east, and Brgy. Atisan on west.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21589019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589019" title="Zagorje, Pivka">
Zagorje, Pivka

Zagorje is a village in the Municipality of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Helena and belongs to the Koper Diocese. The chapel at the cemetery, north of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="21589040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589040" title="Consortium of European Taxonomy Facilities">
Consortium of European Taxonomy Facilities

The Consortium of European Taxonomy Facilities (CETAF) was formed in 1996 by ten of the largest European natural history museums and botanic gardens to be a voice for taxonomy and systematic biology in Europe, to promote scientific research and access to European natural history collections, and to exploit European funding opportunities. Since then CETAF has served as a meeting point for major European natural history museums and botanical gardens, and initiated and played an important role in a number of projects (see links below). 
Currently, CETAF has 31 members, which are composed of a total of 44 member entities that span over 19 European countries (Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, The Netherlands and UK.
Together, CETAF institutions hold a large fraction (c. 500 million objects) of the world’s most important natural history collections, and the scientific staff have unique expertise in taxonomy and the systematics of natural phenomena. Biodiversity loss, global warming and other environmental issues need natural history collections and related expertise as sources of knowledge and for reference. The increasing political and public awareness of environmental questions and their importance for society provides both a challenge and an opportunity for taxonomic facilities. 
CETAF strives to represent the interests of its member institutions, to enhance the visibility of its members, and to be a powerful voice for natural history collections and collections-based research in Europe.
General Meetings.
General Meetings with representatives of each member institution are held twice a year. The meetings are hosted by any of the member institutions and held at any of the European natural history museums or botanic gardens. Current business between the General Meetings are run by the Chair and the Steering Committee, assisted by the Secretariat.
Initiatives and related projects.
A number of CETAF members, or national consortia in which CETAF members play leading roles, have since 1998 received support through the European Commission's Framework Programmes to enhance transnational access to their collections, equipment and expertise.
Members.
Austria State Museums - Biology Centre
Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences - hosts CETAF’s General Secretariat
National Natural History Museum
Natural History Museum of Denmark
Estonian Academy of Sciences
Finnish Museum of Natural History
Consortium of Italian Museums of Natural History:
Natural History Museum
Museum Institute for Zoology-PAN
Gothenburg Consortium of Taxonomic Facilities:
Gothenburg Natural History Museum
Geneva Consortium:
CBS-KNAW Fungal Biodiversity Centre

</doc>
<doc id="21589048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589048" title="Walking Horse and Eastern Railroad">
Walking Horse and Eastern Railroad

The Walking Horse and Eastern Railroad is a short-line railroad that connects Shelbyville to CSX Transportation at Wartrace, Tennessee, United States. It operates over a branch line completed in 1853 by the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, a Louisville and Nashville Railroad predecessor. After the Seaboard System Railroad abandoned the line in May 1985, the Bedford Railroad Authority (of Bedford County) bought the line and designated the WHOE to operate it.

</doc>
<doc id="21589077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589077" title="Raúl Lavié">
Raúl Lavié

Raúl Lavié (born August 22, 1937) is an Argentine entertainer prominent in the Tango genre.
Life and work.
Raúl Alberto Peralta was born in Rosario, Argentina in 1937. He first sang on a local radio station in 1955 and was subsequently invited to perform on "Radio Belgrano" and "Radio El Mundo" in Buenos Aires. Enjoying early popular acclaim, he gained his first professional contact with Columbia Records in July 1957, by which he recorded with Tango orchestra leader Héctor Varela. Touring the country with fellow vocalist Rodolfo Lessica, he was, by then, known to his public as Raúl Lavié.
Recording for Phillips with orchestra leader Héctor Stamponi in 1959, the following year "Radio Libertad" launched the "Raúl Lavié Show", his first as a host. Introducing a succession of young musicians to listeners, in 1962 these contacts helped earn him a spot in a new, teen-oriented musical comedy series, "El Club del Clan". Playing a self-confident social animal, Lavié's vocal talents came through in his Spanish-language interpretation of Paul Anka standards, among others'. Days before the first episode, in September of that year, Lavié was granted an interview by news anchor Lidia Elsa Satragno. Recently separated from his first wife, Lavié courted the television host, who was already a household word in Argentina by her nickname, "Pinky." The couple married in 1965 and had two sons.
Widely popular during its 1963 season, "El Club del Clan" was produced for the cinema in 1964. The show, however, quickly lost favor among its fickle teen audience and it was canceled later that year. Partial to the melancholy Tango, Lavié returned to the genre, recording with Osvaldo Fresedo and Horacio Salgán, among others. Lavié was soon cast in a number of theatre roles, debuting on the stage at the National Comedy Theatre in Gregorio de Laferrère's "Locos de verano" ("Summer Madness"). His performance earned him an invitation to Mexico City, where he was cast in the title role in a local production of "Man of La Mancha" in 1968. His 1964 film role also opened doors for Lavié in cinema and he starred in 17 films in subsequent years, notably Lautaro Murúa's "Un guapo del 900" ("The Cad") in 1971 and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson's "Boquitas pintadas" ("Painted faces") in 1974. His marriage with Pinky became strained, resulting in their separation in 1974, and he subsequently married his current wife, Laura Basualdo. Continuing to perform in the theatre, as well as a tango vocalist and film actor, he accepted the leading roles in Bob Fosse's "Pippin" and in Nikos Kazantzakis' "Zorba the Greek".
Touring internationally in 1985 with Claudio Segovia and Héctor Orezzoli's "Tango Argentino", Lavié's voice remained in great demand among Tango fans in Argentina and elsewhere. He joined Tango dancer Juan Carlos Copes and the cast of Manuel González Gil's "De Borges a Piazzolla" on their international tour in 1997 and returned to Broadway with "Tango Argentino" in 1999. He returned as Don Quixote in a Buenos Aires revival of "Man of La Mancha" in 2005, for which he received the Golden Ace, a prestigious Argentine award in the world of theatre. A versatile actor, he accepted the role of "Toddy" (a homosexual man) in a 2007 Argentine production of "Victor/Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="21589079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589079" title="Arthur Haddleton">
Arthur Haddleton

Arthur Haddleton (6 April 1910 – 5 January 1971) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward for various clubs in the 1930s. Despite showing promise in the early part of his career, he eventually achieved very little, although he did score in eight consecutive matches in 1931.
Football career.
Early days.
Haddleton was born in Chester-le-Street in County Durham and worked in the coal-mines, playing football for various colliery sides in the north east including Easington Colliery Welfare and Horden Colliery Welfare. He was spotted by scouts from Southampton and moved to the south coast in October 1930.
Southampton.
He made an immediate impression at The Dell, scoring eleven goals from seventeen games for the reserves. He made his first-team debut in a 1–0 defeat in the Second Division at Bury on 18 April 1931. The following season, he replaced the injured Willie Haines after the first match of the season. He scored in a 3–2 victory over Manchester United on 2 September and then scored at least once in each of the next seven games. This run of nine goals in eight consecutive matches remains a club record. After scoring against Wolverhampton Wanderers on 3 October, he then only scored once more in the next five games. He was initially replaced by Ted Drake, who had also made a name for himself in the reserves, and only made a further three appearances for the "Saints" first-team, spending the rest of the season back in the reserves.
At the end of the season, he was one of three players (together with fellow forwards Bill Fraser and Bert Jepson) who were sold to Fulham as the Saints were in serious financial difficulties and needed to raise funds.
In his brief career at Southampton, Haddleton made 17 first-team appearances, scoring ten goals.
Later career.
At Fulham, Haddleton scored twice on his debut and added two more goals from three matches, but was unable to displace Frank Newton as a regular in the side.
In the summer of 1933, he move to Swindon Town where he was moved to an inside forward role, with either Tommy Armstrong or Fred Fisher in the centre, but failed to score in seven matches.
He moved again in July 1934, this time to the Midlands to join Walsall where he was played at outside right alongside prolific goal-scorer Gilbert Alsop. After 15 appearances in the Third Division North, in which he scored four goals, Haddleton fractured his leg and was eventually forced to retire.
After football.
On abandoning his career as a professional footballer, Haddleton returned to Hampshire to live in Eastleigh where he was employed at the Pirelli General cable works, turning out for the works team. He died at Eastleigh in 1971, aged 60.

</doc>
<doc id="21589093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589093" title="Stock Car Racing (magazine)">
Stock Car Racing (magazine)

Stock Car Racing Magazine (SCR) was founded in the U.S. in May 1966
The monthly magazine has recently ceased publication. As of April 2009, the website is still active.
History.
Stock Car Racing magazine was launched in May 1966. At the time, Jim Davis was publishing a drag racing magazine called "Super Stock", so with the existing production staff, the printer, and the distribution network already in place, Jim Davis was planning to add a second magazine to his business.
It was Dick Williford who suggested that Davis start a magazine on stock car racing, because no other magazine had devoted full coverage to stock cars. Jim Davis recalled, ""Speed Sport News" was about it... Some of the general automotive magazines like "Motor Trend" would have occasional articles about stock car racing...". However, there was no magazine, at the time, devoted exclusively to stock car racing.
So Jim Davis and business associate John "Monk" Reynolds, following the suggestion from Dick Williford, began "Stock Car Racing" in May 1966. The first issue, on the cover, showed a picture with defending NASCAR champion Ned Jarrett and another cover photo of racer Curtis Turner (1924–1970).
The magazine had limited success in the first years. Jim Davis noted, "It was extremely difficult, because NASCAR didn't want anything to do with us. They didn't like the idea of outsiders coming in and, in their opinion, making a profit off of their shows." Jim Davis met with NASCAR officials to arrange an agreement; he noted, "Monk and I called NASCAR and asked for a meeting so we could explain to them what we were going to do. They eventually had Monk and me down there Daytona, essentially to have a meeting about what we were doing." Regardless, NASCAR was still not very receptive to the idea of a publication covering the sport, and Davis said that the press credentials were sometimes difficult to obtain because of that mindset.
The magazine persevered, however, by the tactics of staffing the big NASCAR races with an on-site photographer and publishing the related stories as written by local newspaper writers.
Davis and Reynolds began publishing the magazine in Alexandria, Virginia, and they eventually implored Dick Williford to come and help to keep the magazine in publication. Jim Davis, while covering drag racing with "SuperStock", had become acquainted with Williford from seeing him at various drag racing events over the years. Williford was employed as a PR rep for Chrysler and had turned to drag racing (along with Richard Petty) when Chrysler pulled out of NASCAR in 1965.
Williford, who had first suggested that David create a stock car publication, was vital in getting the early issues of "Stock Car Racing" to press. He did much of the writing and legwork necessary to publish the magazine. "There is no way the magazine would have gotten off the ground without him," Jim Davis recalled. "He set up all the contacts with the stringers we used at all the major NASCAR superspeedways. Monk and I didn't know any of those people and knew almost nothing about NASCAR racing."
Three years later, in 1969, Jim Davis sold his interest in both magazines, "Stock Car Racing" and "Super Sport", to John Reynolds. Davis then started an advertising agency there in Alexandria, VA. By 1995, Davis had moved to Westchester, California, and co-founded Professional Products, working as the chief operating officer.
In January 2012 Davis retired from Professional Products but retained an ownership position in the company. He launched an internet business called Performance Injection selling a line of performance auto parts. http://www.performanceinjection.com
John Reynolds eventually sold both magazines to Lopez Publications. Since then, several other companies have owned "Stock Car Racing", including Primedia.

</doc>
<doc id="21589094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589094" title="Kopai River">
Kopai River

The Kopai River (also called Sal River) is a tributary of the Mayurakshi River. It flows past such towns as Santiniketan, Bolpur, Kankalitala and Labhpur in Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a small river in dry season but overflows its banks during the monsoon.
Literary association.
The area around the river quite often has red soil, which forms ravines on the river bank with weathering and is popular as the khoai. It has inspired literary figures in the area. It is described by Rabindranath Tagore as follows –
The local name of a sickle-shaped curve in the river inspired the title of the novel "Hansuli Banker Upakatha" (Story of the Sickle-shaped Curve) by Tarashankar Bandopadhyay, made into a film by Tapan Sinha.
Archaeology.
Microliths of crystalline stone and petrified wood from about 1250–1000 BC are found in many places in the Ajay-Kunur-Kopai river system.

</doc>
<doc id="21589099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589099" title="Steve Olsonoski">
Steve Olsonoski

Steve Olsonoski is a retired American professional wrestler from Minnesota.
Steve Olsonoski, purportedly from Edina, Minnesota, began his wrestling career in the late 1970s in the American Wrestling Association. He won the AWA Rookie of the Year Award in his first year and was often described as an up-and-coming star. He briefly teamed with Evan Johnson in the AWA, but his career progressed substantially as a solo wrestler. He wrestled off and on for the AWA through the 1980s.
Olsonoski, also known as Steve O., also wrestled for the National Wrestling Alliance in the early 1980s in the Georgia Championship Wrestling territory. While in Georgia he won the NWA Georgia Junior Heavyweight Championship, the NWA National Heavyweight Championship, the NWA National Tag Team Championship and twice won the NWA National Television Championship. He later returned to worked for Verne Gagne in the American Wrestling Association.

</doc>
<doc id="21589100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589100" title="Fort Schellbourne">
Fort Schellbourne

Fort Schelbourne, formerly Camp Schell, in Ely, Nevada, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Its boundaries were increased in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21589113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589113" title="John Amplas">
John Amplas

John Amplas (born June 23, 1949 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actor known primarily for his work with director George A. Romero. His first work with Romero was the cult film "Martin" (1977), in which he played the title role. Thereafter, he has appeared in a number of other films directed by Romero, including "Dawn of the Dead" (1978), "Knightriders" (1981), "Creepshow" (1982), and "Day of the Dead" (1985). He has recently acted in a horror concept teaser entitled "The Three" (2011) directed by filmmaker Scott Goldberg which also features co-lead from "Day of the Dead" Lori Cardille. He starred also in the feature film adaption of the Rob Steigert short film "Ombis".

</doc>
<doc id="21589133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589133" title="Our Father (Dexter)">
Our Father (Dexter)

"Our Father" is the third season premiere and twenty-fifth overall episode of the American television drama series "Dexter", which first aired on September 28, 2008 on Showtime in the United States. The episode was written by Clyde Phillips and directed by Keith Gordon. In the episode, which takes place several months after the second season finale, Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) mistakenly kills an innocent man but forms a friendship with the man's brother, well-known assistant district attorney Miguel Prado (Jimmy Smits). Dexter's sister Debra (Jennifer Carpenter), meanwhile, has turned over a new leaf in her life and is determined to become a detective.
To carry the remainder of the third season, "Dexter"s writers introduced Miguel as a new character so that his relationship with Dexter could serve as a "central arc". In order to allow them to explore Dexter's psychological and emotional reactions, the writers revealed Dexter's girlfriend Rita Bennett (Julie Benz) to be pregnant. They also had Dexter kill an innocent person to develop the ongoing theme of rebellion despite initially rejecting the idea of Dexter killing "somebody who doesn't deserve it". Filming of the episode began in early June in Los Angeles, California at Sunset Gower Studios, though a small crew flew to Miami, Florida, where the show is set, to film short pieces of Dexter, which were integrated into "Our Father" and other episodes. The episode brought in 1.22 million viewers, an improvement from second season's premiere and finale, and attracted mixed reviews from critics.
Plot.
Several months after the deaths of his colleague Sgt. James Doakes and his Narcotics Anonymous sponsor Lila Tournay, Dexter's life has returned to normal. He looks up a drug dealer, Fred "Freebo" Bowman (Mike Erwin), whom he believes to have killed two female college students. Pretending to want to buy heroin, Dexter visits Freebo's house, where he sees Freebo's girlfriend Teegan Campbell (Jelly Howie). He returns to the house at night and finds Freebo fighting with another man (Nick Hermz). When the man attacks Dexter, Dexter stabs and kills him in self-defense. Dexter flees, shocked about breaking his father Harry's "code" and killing an innocent person. He is called to the scene the following day and discovers that the man was Oscar Prado, the brother of well-known assistant district attorney Miguel Prado. Miguel seeks an explanation and consolation from Dexter, and invites him to Oscar's wake. Dexter attends, leaving Debra alone on their dead father's birthday. He begins to question Harry's code and whether his loyalty is necessary.
In the police department, Det. Angel Batista (David Zayas) is promoted to a sergeant. Debra has changed her hairstyle and given up men, alcohol and cigarettes. Det. Joey Quinn (Desmond Harrington), recently transferred to the department, is being investigated by Internal Affairs. Sgt. Yuki Amado (Liza Lapira) asks Debra repeatedly to keep an eye on Quinn, but Debra declines even when she discovers that "snitching" may earn her a detective's shield. She discovers from one of Quinn's informants, Anton Briggs (David Ramsey), that Oscar was a drug addict, but after she loudly divulges the information in Miguel's presence, Lt. María LaGuerta (Lauren Vélez) asks that Batista remove her from the case. Batista does so and instead puts her on the case of a "Jane Doe", who Dexter recognizes as Teegan.
Dexter's personal life is going well; his relationship with Rita has become more amorous and he is bonding with her children, Astor (Christina Robinson) and Cody (Preston Bailey). Rita craves chocolate pudding and, recalling the last instance of this, realizes that she is pregnant.
Production.
"Dexter"s writing staff began meeting in March 2008 to brainstorm ideas for the third season's storylines. Writer Clyde Phillips said that, when the writers decided to open season 3 with the revelation of Rita's pregnancy, "we were thinking about how it would affect Dexter psychologically and emotionally to create a life when he has spent most of his adult life taking lives." They chose to introduce Miguel as a new character with the intention for his and Dexter's relationship to be "the central arc of the season", according to Hall. Smits was the only actor who was considered for the role of Miguel. Smits was not initially interested in joining the cast, but after Phillips explained Miguel's dark side to him, Smits accepted the job offer because it was an opportunity to play a character dissimilar to any he had played before. He said, "They promised upfront that this was really going to challenge me, that it would be stuff that I haven't done before, and they've really given me a shot. They've delivered the goods." In regard to Dexter's abandonment of Harry's Code, Hall said that "That need to rebel is a real engine for what unfolds this season." Smits was hired to appear in ten of the season's twelve episodes. When asked at the beginning of the second season whether there was any possibility of Dexter killing an innocent person, show runner Daniel Cerone said that by not doing so, they were "protecting the character". He thought that it was "very important for the show that he does kill people who deserve it". Phillips said that "We don't want him knowingly killing somebody who doesn't deserve it out of impulse or something, but we have explored the notion of his having killed someone without properly vetting that person and perhaps making a mistake."
Production was scheduled to commence in late May, but was delayed until early June. A small crew flew to Miami with Hall and, according to producer Sara Colleton, filmed "a lot of pieces—not just Dexter walking in and out of his door or car, but also scenes that we know we'll need and can use", before returning to the show's permanent sets at Sunset Gower Studios in Los Angeles.
Reception.
"Our Father" brought in 1.22 million viewers, a 20 percent improvement on both the second season's premiere and finale, and Showtime's highest-rated drama season premiere since 2004 when Nielsen Media Research began compiling their ratings for premium networks. In the United Kingdom, the episode was the ninth most-watched program in its timeslot with 194,000 viewers and an audience share of 1.2 percent, a significant decline from "It's Alive!", the second season premiere.
"Our Father" received mixed reviews from critics; some thought that it was dull, though Smits' performance received widespread critical acclaim. Alan Sepinwall of "The Star-Ledger" said that he was "frustrated" by the episode despite not finding any faults with it, writing, "I can't help thinking that I've seen as much of Dexter Morgan's world as I need to." Matt Fowler, writing for IGN, thought that the revelation of Rita's pregnancy was "an interesting development, but not necessarily something that instantly catapults me to the edge of my seat" but that Smits as Miguel could improve "even great [show like "Dexter"". "The Australian"s Stephen Romei felt that, with the beginning of the third season, ""Dexter" has gone from an eight to a six" on a scale of one to ten, saying that the show "has lost its edge" with the hypocrisy of Dexter being a supposed sociopath despite holding several relationships. "Los Angeles Times" critic Claire Zulkey was "not sure yet whether third season's changes are good". Ray Ellis of "Blogcritics" felt that "the series has settled into a state of complacency" and could not "escape the feeling I've seen this before". On the other hand, the "San Francisco Chronicle"s Tim Goodman wrote that "the whiff of normalcy for Dexter" gives viewers "a magnificent tease" and likened the fast-moving plot to "the urgency of brilliance". TV Squad critic Debra McDuffee was "pleasantly surprised by Smits" and said that, thus far, "season three is a good one". "TV Guide"s Paula Paige, who was "thrilled" to see Smits join the cast, said, "What the "Dexter" season three opener lacked in explosive excitement, it certainly made up for in Jimmy Smits." Daniel Fienberg, writing for Zap2it, said that the combination of Hall and Smits was "as good as TV acting gets" and that, in comparison to the second season's opening, "the show's creative team appears to have done it again".

</doc>
<doc id="21589135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589135" title="Edward Salia">
Edward Salia

Edward Kojo Salia (20 June 1952 – 16 February 2009) was a Ghanaian Member of Parliament. He was also a member of the National Democratic Congress and was a Minister of State in the Rawlings government.
Early life and education.
Salia was born at Amasaman in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. His parents were Bajeluru Dorcie Salia, a farmer and Habiba Yiringsaa, a housewife. He attended the University of Ghana at Legon. He also attended the Institute of Social Studies at The Hague in the Netherlands. He also studied at the Carleton University in Ontario, Canada and Ottawa University . Between 2005 and 2007, he studied at the Ghana Institute of Management and Public Administration at Achimota in Accra.
Politics.
Salia was appointed Minister of Transport and Communications in the Rawlings government in 1993. He also served as Minister for Mines and Energy and later for Roads and Transport in Jerry Rawlings's government. He was first elected as the member of parliament for the Jirapa in the 2000 election and he retained his seat in the two subsequent elections in 2004 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21589139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589139" title="Waccamaw Coast Line Railroad">
Waccamaw Coast Line Railroad

The Waccamaw Coast Line Railroad is a short-line railroad division of the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad, extending from a connection with the Carolina Southern Railroad, another division of that company, at Conway to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The line was opened in 1900 by the Conway Coast and Western Railroad, a predecessor of the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad. The Seaboard System Railroad sold the line to Horry County in November 1984, and it was operated by the Horry County Railway until October 1987, when the WCLR took over. The Carolina Southern Railroad acquired the WCLR in September 1995, and since then it has been a division of the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="21589161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589161" title="Virgil Lee Griffin">
Virgil Lee Griffin

Virgil Lee Griffin (c. 1944 – February 11, 2009) joined the Ku Klux Klan during the 1960s. He was a leader of the Ku Klux Klan who was involved in a 1979 violent clash with Communist party organizers in North Carolina.
References.
http://gawker.com/5155833/virgil-lee-griffin-famous-racist

</doc>
<doc id="21589166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589166" title="Clyde LeForce">
Clyde LeForce

Clyde J. LeForce, Jr. (June 4, 1923June 9, 2006) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League. He played college football for the University of Tulsa.
College career.
LeForce attended the University of Tulsa, where he played football as a quarterback in 1942, 1943 and, after a hiatus to serve in the United States Navy during World War II, 1946. In 1943, he led the team in scoring (59 points), rushing (290 yards), passing (557 yards), punting (908 yards), and punt returns (154 yards). In 1946, he was named an All-Missouri Valley Conference player. LeForce was inducted into the Tulsa Hurricane Hall of Fame in 1986.
Professional football career.
LeForce was selected by the Detroit Lions in the 19th round of the 1945 NFL Draft (194th overall). However, he returned to Tulsa for his final year of college eligibility before he entered the NFL. In 1947, he went to play for the Lions where he remained for all three years of his professional playing career.
In 1947, he played nine games including two starts. He completed 94 passes on 175 attempts for 1,384 yards and 13 touchdowns and 20 interceptions. LeForce also compiled 143 rushing yards and three defensive interceptions.
In 1948, LeForce played in twelve games including two starts, where he recorded 50 completions on 101 attempts for 912 yards, nine touchdowns, and eight interceptions. He rushed for 86 yards and one rushing touchdown and compiled 122 receiving yards and three receiving touchdowns. He also recorded one defensive interception.
In 1949, he played in eleven games including one start. He completed 53 of 112 attempts for 665 yards, three touchdowns, and nine interceptions. He rushed for 58 yards and one touchdown.
LeForce died on June 9, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21589213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589213" title="Marina Svetlova">
Marina Svetlova

Marina Svetlova (real name is Yvette von Hartmann; 3 May 1922 – 11 February 2009) was a French and American ballerina and ballet instructor.
Biography.
Svetlova was born in Paris, France with the name Yvette von Hartmann to Russian parents. She began studying dance as a young child and made her professional debut as a child performer in Paris in 1931 with the experimental ballet troupe of Ida Rubinstein. In Paris, she studied under Vera Trefilova, Lubov Egorova, and various other Russian emigres. In her late teens she became a soloist with the "Original Ballet Russe", dancing with that company for three seasons. While there she notably created roles in David Lichine's "Graduation Ball" and George Balanchine's "Balustrade". 
After leaving the "Ballet Russe", Svetlova came to the United States to dance as a guest artist with the American Ballet Theatre in New York City. She then joined the Metropolitan Opera Ballet, where she appeared for seven seasons, beginning in 1943–44. In 1951 she danced with the New York City Opera Ballet as a featured soloist for one season. From 1944-1969 Svetlova led her own touring dance concert group.
Svetlova's accomplishments as a ballerina were later eclipsed by her second career as a dance teacher and choreographer at the Southern Vermont Art Center (1959–64); the Svetlova Dance Center in Dorset, VT (1965–95); and Indiana University where she was professor of ballet and chairwoman of the ballet department (1969–92). She died in Bloomington, Indiana in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21589243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589243" title="Gary Collins">
Gary Collins

Gary Collins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21589245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589245" title="Yukon Flats">
Yukon Flats

The Yukon Flats are a vast area of wetlands, forest, bog, and low-lying ground centered on the confluence of the Yukon River, Porcupine River, and Chandalar River in the central portion of the U.S. state of Alaska. The Yukon Flats are bordered in the north by the Brooks Range, in the south by the White Mountains, and cover an area of approximately . The Yukon Flats are a critical waterfowl breeding ground due to the large area of wetland provided by the estimated 40,000 small lakes and streams in the area. In recognition of this fact, the area is protected under the Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge.
The Yukon Flats straddle the Arctic Circle and have an extremely variable climate. Temperatures of 95 F (35 °C) are not uncommon in summer, while winter temperatures have been known to drop to -70 F (-57 °C).
Several thousand Alaska Natives and others live in the Yukon Flats area. Though most of the region's people are concentrated in the villages of Fort Yukon, Venetie, Beaver, Stevens Village, Chalkyitsik, and smaller settlements, numerous hunting cabins and seasonal settlements also dot the region. The region also contains a large deposit of crude oil and natural gas, a fact that has provoked conflict between drilling interests and those interested in protecting wildlife in the region.
In 2008, a land trade was proposed between Doyon, Limited and the federal government. In exchange for several thousand acres of oil- and gas-rich land, Doyon offered to donate a somewhat larger parcel of land to the wildlife refuge. Debate about the land trade is ongoing and has not yet been resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="21589258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589258" title="Samantha Kerr">
Samantha Kerr

Samantha May Kerr (born 10 September 1993) is an Australian professional football (soccer) player currently playing for the Western New York Flash in the American National Women's Soccer League as well as the Australia women's national soccer team. She previously played for the Australian W-League's Sydney FC and Perth Glory.
Early life.
Kerr was born in Fremantle, Western Australia, she is the sister of Australian rules footballer Daniel Kerr, and the daughter of Roger Kerr, who played for in the West Australian Football League (WAFL). Her paternal grandfather is English and her paternal grandmother is Indian.
Playing career.
Club.
Perth Glory.
Kerr's exciting brand of football saw her voted as the Players' Player at the 2009 W-League Awards as well as picking up the Goal of the Year for her long range effort against Sydney FC in round 8.
Western New York Flash.
In 2013, Kerr signed with the Western New York Flash for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League.
International.
Kerr made her international debut for the Australia national women's football team in a match against Italy in February 2009.
On 11 February 2010, Kerr was named in the squad for the Australia national women's football team to tour New Zealand on 17 and 20 February 2010.
On 24 April 2010, Kerr was in the squad for the Australia national women's football team to play in the AFC Women's Asian Cup in May 2010, Chengdu, China. She scored her team's only goal in the final against Korea DPR.
In June 2011, Kerr was on the cover of the Australian FourFourTwo Magazine along with fellow Matilda's Melissa Barbieri, Thea Slatyer, Kyah Simon and Sarah Walsh.
In popular culture.
Television and film.
In 2013, Kerr was featured in an hour-long episode of ESPN's "Aussies Abroad" entitled, "The Matildas", which profiled four Australian national team players (Kerr, Lisa De Vanna, Kyah Simon, and Caitlin Foord) and their experience playing internationally.
Magazines.
Kerr was featured on the cover of the July 2011 issue of "FourFourTwo" along with four of her national team teammates: Melissa Barbieri, Kyah Simon, Thea Slatyer, and Sarah Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="21589263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589263" title="List of awards and nominations received by Christopher Walken">
List of awards and nominations received by Christopher Walken

Christopher Walken (born March 31, 1943) is an American actor of stage and screen. He has appeared in more than 100 movies and television shows, including "Annie Hall", "The Deer Hunter", "Sleepy Hollow", "Brainstorm", "The Dead Zone", "A View to a Kill", "At Close Range", "King of New York", "Batman Returns", "True Romance", "Catch Me If You Can", "Wayne's World 2", "Pulp Fiction", and "Wedding Crashers", as well as music videos by recording artists such as Madonna and Fatboy Slim. 
Walken's films have grossed more than $1.8 billion in the United States, and he has received numerous awards for his performances and work. These include an Academy Award and Golden Globe for "The Deer Hunter", an Oscar nomination for "Catch Me If You Can", two BAFTA Awards, an Emmy Award, several Film Critic, and Screen Actors Guild Awards. Five films featuring Walken have won Oscars, and he has added to these with several prominent awards from the theatre.
Awards and nominations.
Academy Awards.
This list includes a number of Oscar nominations of films in which Christopher Walken starred —

</doc>
<doc id="21589266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589266" title="Machalilla">
Machalilla

Machalilla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21589269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589269" title="Puthia Temple Complex">
Puthia Temple Complex

Puthia Temple Complex consists of a cluster of notable old Hindu temples in Puthia Upazila, Rajshahi Division, Bangladesh. Located 23 km to the east of Rajshahi city, it has the largest number of historic temples in Bangladesh. The temples were built by Hindu Zamindars Rajas of the Puthia Raj family who were noted philanthropists of Rajshahi. The temples have been built in terracotta in a variety of styles combining the typical Jor-bangla architecture with other influences. The Rajbari or Palace of the Raja of Puthia and the Dol Mancha are part of the complex. The temples are laid out around a lake with a sprawling lawn.
The Puthia Raj family was established by a holy man named Bhatsacharya, who lived in the 16th century. Raja Man Singh, governor of the Mughal emperor Akbar, confiscated the Jagir of the refractory pathan jagirdar of Rajshahi named Lashker Khan and bestowed the Zamindary on the saintly Bhatsacharya for his learning, but he declined. However, his son Pitambar was granted the Lashkarpur estate permanently. On his death, his son Nilambar received the title of Raja from Emperor Jahangir. The Puthia Royal Family estate was the second largest zamindary and the wealthiest in British Bengal. After India's partition, the then Pakistani government abolished the zamindary system and confiscated all Hindu properties. The Royal Family migrated to India shortly afterwards.
Pancharatna Gobinda Temple.
This grand temple of Puthia, the Govinda Temple was erected in mid-nineteenth century by the queen of Puthia. The temple is dedicated to Lord Krishna, as the Puthia royal family were converted to Vaishnavism by Radhamohana Thakura. The temple has exquisite terracotta ornamentation depicting the divine romance between Krishna and Radha. The temple's survival is threatened by the newly established college nearby and the lack of conservation efforts.
Bhubaneshwar Shiva Temple.
The Bhubaneshwar Shiva Temple is the largest Shiva temple in Bangladesh. Built in 1823 by Rani Bhubonmoyee Devi, the widow of Raja Jagat Narayan Roy, it overlooks the Shiv Sagar lake. This ornate temple is an imposing and excellent example of the five spire style (Pancha Ratna) temple architecture common in northern India. The corridors have a touch of Jaipuri architecture and in the sanctuary, lies a very large black basalt Shiva Linga, the largest in the country. It is decorated with stone carvings and sculptural works, which were disfigured during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. The invading Pakistani army attempted to displace and break the Shiva Linga, but were unable to move it from its position. The temple is now a protected monument.
Jagannath Temple.
The Jagannath Temple is dedicated to the Hindu God Jagannath, a form of Krishna. It is a fine example of Bengali architecture, having intricate embellishments and terracotta reliefs, it measures 5m by 10m.

</doc>
<doc id="21589277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589277" title="One Oclarit">
One Oclarit

One Oclarit (born Onecimo Oclarit in 1951), usually known as One, is a blind Filipino lyricist, pianist, composer and hymnist best known for his Cebuano Christian hymns. 
To this day, the vast majority of Visayan hymnals contain his work. Boholano churchgoers are familiar with "Sulod Kamo Nga Malipayon," "Ania Kita Nagsaulog," "Dayegon Ta Ang Ginoo," "Ania Kami Ginoo" and "Dawata O Ginoo," used before the start of the mass. Other songs by One are "Ang Tawo Mamatay Gayud," "Bisan Pa Man," "Kanunay Buhi ang Kinabuhi," "Pamatia O Ginoo" and "Tawo Ayaw Kalimot sa Abog ka Gikan", sung during requiem mass. 
His composition "Señor San Jose" is sung anywhere in the world where there are Visayan devotees of Saint Joseph.
History.
One has been blind since 1957, when as a six year old he contracted typhoid fever.
He worked at the St. Joseph Cathedral in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines, which helped him to regain his faith to the Lord and confidence in himself. He was a bell ringer from age 12 to 14 before he became the official organist.
He is married to Trinidad, with whom he has three children, Rosauro Mariano, Ma. Luisa and Ma. Alma. He has 10 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21589290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589290" title="Machalilla Parish">
Machalilla Parish

Machalilla is a rural parish of Puerto López Canton, Manabí Province, Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="21589295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589295" title="George Reynolds (racing driver)">
George Reynolds (racing driver)

George Reynolds (8 May 1928 – March 2012) was an Australian racing driver.
The career of Reynolds, who was born on 8 May 1928, extended from the late 1950s into the late 1960s. Known primarily as a touring car and sports car driver, Reynolds won Class D of the 1962 Armstrong 500 at Phillip Island, sharing a Volkswagen with Jim McKeown.
However, Reynolds is best known as outright winner (although outright winners were not technically acknowledged at the time) of the Armstrong 500, now held at Bathurst, in 1964. With three time winning partners Bob Jane and Harry Firth split amongst the entries of the factory supported Ford touring car team both Jane and Firth needed co-drivers for the 500 mile classic. Reynolds was paired with Jane and assisted Jane to his fourth consecutive Bathurst victory. 
Reynolds was later one of a group of drivers who raced for David McKay's Scuderia Veloce team. He continued to race at the front rank of Australian drivers into the late 60s, taking a top ten finish at the 1968 Surfers Paradise 6 Hour driving a Ferrari with Phil West as well as a top five finish at the 1968 Hardie-Ferodo 500 co-driving a Holden Dealer Racing Team Holden Monaro with Brian Muir, both times in entries fielded by Scuderia Veloce.
Reynolds died in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21589297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589297" title="Karanović">
Karanović

Karanović is a Serbian surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21589299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589299" title="Dhanuk">
Dhanuk

The Dhanuk are an ethnic group found in Bangladesh, India and Nepal. In India, the Dhanuk found in the states of Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. They have been granted Backward Caste status. In Nepal, they are settled in the Terai districts of Saptari, Siraha and Dhanusa. They are either Dalits or a minority indigenous people. The Dhanuks of eastern Terai are also known as Mandal. The Dhanuk in both countries are Hindu, and speak various dialects of Hindi, such as Bhojpuri and Awadhi. According to tradition, the community gets its name from Sanskrit word "dhanushka", meaning a bowman.
In India.
In India, the Dhanuk community are traditionally associated with the manufacture of bamboo baskets. According to the traditions of the community, they were originally brave fighters who fought many wars for kings.once upon a time they were considered as brave kshtriyas because of their dominating fighting skills.They lost their status after losing wars for many years.they were downtrodden by the winning kings.Years of atrocities left them homeless and backward and for their survival the once prestigious caste switched to petty works . They used to graze buffaloes and were fond of wearing white clothes, and once some of their animals entered muddy waters. To avoid getting their clothes dirty, they let their animals drawn. The Dhanuk speak various dialects of Hindi.
The Dhanuk are strictly endogamous, and practice clan exogamy. Their main clans are the Dhankar, Dholbaja, Kanaujia, Katheria, Khakarpuria, Laungvasta, and Supabandha. All these sub-groups are not of equal status, and there is hierarchy on the bases of their respective occupations. A small number of the Dhanuk are a now petty landowners.Because of their switching to petty works for livlihood they are treated as dalits, As a Dalit community, they face social discrimination. Their settlements are found at the edge of villages. The Dhanuk have been granted Backward Caste status in India, and have started to benefit from the affirmative action policies of the Indian government.
The Dhanuk of Haryana.
The Dhanak of Haryana are a community of weavers, and are also known as Kabirpanthi. They have been granted Scheduled Caste status, and are found throughout the state. They now speak Haryana, and said have immigrated from Awadh. The community consists of a number of clans, and practices clan exogamy. Their main clans include the DUGGAL kirar, Nugaria, Khangwal, Ninania, Khetak, Pacherwal, Kerar, Mundadiya, Ladwal, Morwal, Mohar, Rangbhaa, Bagadi, Suralia, Solia, Bharor, Atkan, Gorraiya, Boombra, Siyan,kataria and Indora. The Dhanak are a landless community, with many employed in their taditional occupation of weaving. Most live in multi-caste villages, occupying their own distinct quarters. Each settlement contains traditional caste council known as a "biradari panchayat". This acts as an instrument of social control, as well as acting as an informal welfare association.
In Nepal.
The rites of birth, death and marriage are performed by giving due importance like other tribes. The pregnant woman is kept in a separate home to arrange assistance from dagrin (midwife) of Chamar caste. The baby is caused to cry as soon as it is born. The ghosts are driven away by putting the branches of jujube and discarded shoes in the main gate of the house. The baby is given the milk of she-goat to drink. Chhaiti is done in six days and Barahi in twelve days. In Barahi, worships and festivities are arranged.
Dhanuks do not marry within the clan nor do they have the practice of cross-cousin marriage. In most of the cases, the parents seek the girl or the boy. Due to the influence of neighbours they also have the system of dowry.
When a Dhanuk dies, the corpse is cremated if the deceased is above 12 years of age and is buried if her or she is below 12 years.
The houses of Dhanuks are plastered with mud and pictures are drawn of mud, too. Women go outside for work but a male member remains the head of the family. Lots of feasts are organized on various occasions. Some Dhanuks never drink spirit and jaand but Dhanuks in general have the practice of drinking raksi or spirit.
The houses of Dhanuks are built in cluster in the river basins and edges of forests. They like to settle in river basins. A group of ten or eleven households makes a bindar committee and five bindars constitute a praganna. The chief of praganna is called "maijan". There is one post, called "chaurasi", above him. These institutions manage tribal reconciliation and settlement of disputes. Those who do not abide by rules are expelled from the ethnic group. Mandal is their thars (clans).
Since they dwell in the river basins and the edges of forests, they do fishing and animal husbandry. Some people of various types within the Dhanuks are even big landowners, but the Dhanuks who belong to the group of minority nationality are absolutely landless. They earn their livelihood by working as agriculture labourers and household servants.
Beliefs.
In some places Brahmins are appointed as priests while in other places they use Dhanuk priests. Dhanuks believe in magic, witchcraft and ghosts. They are divided into two groups in terms of religion: those who worship Kali are called Kaliyaha and others are called Maharkhiya. Those who worship Kali eat meat and drink spirit or wine, whereas Maharkhiyas do not do so. They worship a goddess called Gahil, who is one of five sisters. The other goddesses are Shitalmata and Goureya Gaiya. The main occupation of Dhanuks is working for big zamindars (landowners) and farming.
Distribution.
The Dhanuks live all across India, Nepal, and Bangladesh. In Nepal, the Dhanuks are scattered from Morang in the east to the Terai in the west. But they Dhanuk are also found in Saptari, Siraha and Dhanusa in the east. Their main area of settlement stretches from Saptari to Dhanusa in the plain inner valley south of the Churia hills. It is hard to tell the population of minority nationality of Dhanuks in Nepal. In India, they are found in a wide region stretching from Haryana to Bihar.
Language.
In Nepal, their language is Maithali . They are influenced by Hindu religion and the Indian culture across the border. 
In India, the Dhanuk of north Bihar speak Maithili, while those of eastern Uttar Pradesh speak Awadhi.
Jharkhand
speak Santhali.
http://www.joshuaproject.net/people-profile.php?peo3=16696&rog3=IN

</doc>
<doc id="21589307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589307" title="1987 All-Pro Team">
1987 All-Pro Team

The 1987 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly and The Sporting News in 1987. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1987 NEA went with a 3-4 format for their All-Pro defense.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21589311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589311" title="1923 Duluth Kelleys season">
1923 Duluth Kelleys season

The 1923 Duluth Kelleys season was their inaugural season in the league. The team finished 4–3, and finished seventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21589312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589312" title="Eurosolar">
Eurosolar

Eurosolar is the non-profit European Association for Renewable Energy that conducts its work independently of political parties, institutions, commercial enterprises and interest groups. EUROSOLAR develops and encourages political and economic action plans and concepts for the introduction of renewable energy. 
These range from market entry strategies to proposals for future research and development policies, from tax breaks to solar energy use on conversion sites, from the contribution of solar energy to the developing world to agricultural, transport and construction policies.
They address and initiate action at the international level and also the national, regional and local levels. In this way political, scientific, technological and business expertise and grassroots commitments become an important part of EUROSOLAR's platform and produce guidelines, proposals and mandates for action.
Eurosolar aims.
The organization 

</doc>
<doc id="21589329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589329" title="Compars Herrmann">
Compars Herrmann

Carl (Compars) Herrmann (1816–1887) was a German illusionist.
The Herrmann family name is known as the "first-family of magic". Alexander's father Samuel, a practicing German physician, was the first to enjoy magic as a hobby. Samuel's first son Carl (Compars), was born in 1816 and left medical school at an early age to pursue a career as a magician. He was the first in the family to gain fame as a conjurer. By the age of thirty, Carl was recognized as one of Europe’s most accomplished magician. Alexander Herrmann, who was 27 years younger than his brother Carl, also became a world famous magician.
Father's career as magician.
According to Herrmann legend, Alexander’s father was a part-time magician and full-time physician. Samuel Herrmann was a favorite of the Sultan of Turkey and sent for the magician often. The Sultan paid a princely sum for the entertainment. It was said that Samuel even performed for Napoleon Bonaparte. The story goes that he was receiving so much attention from the elite of Paris with his magic shows, that word spread to Napoleon himself. The self crowned emperor wanted Samuel to perform for him. Napoleon reportedly gave Samuel a gold watch for his performance for this august sole. Alexander carried the gold watch on the day of his death. It was passed on to his widow.
Eventually his practice demanded more of his time so he eventually quit magic entirely. With the birth of his oldest son Compars in 1816 in Hanover Germany, he decided to settle down to continue his practice.
This is the myth. The reality is confusing as a Hitchcock thriller. Some reports say that Samuel was never a professional magician, but a physician that only did magic as a hobby. Another report says that he was never a physician was a traveling magician never quite reaching fame as his son where soon to reach.
He played small towns around from 1817 in Germany and moved his family to France. He played Institutes and Lyceums of Paris still gave performances until 1855. He taught his skills to his oldest son Compars also known as Carl. There is no record of him performing in well known theatres. But he did play the colleges in Paris and Versailles. Samuel entertained the pupils of the Grandes écoles (founded by Lazare Carnot) near Versailles. With this performance, his son Carl was admitted to the school tuition free.
Samuel continued in this way even after his son Carl was a famous magician. Samuel retired about 1860 and lived quietly with his wife Anna on a pension set up by Carl.
Early years.
Carl, was slender, somewhat demonic in appearance. He wore an imperial beard and handlebar moustache to perpetuate or enhance the Mephistopheles look. As he got older the hair on is head got thin. Carl’s humor was sly, and he presented his magic in a mysterious manner. He was from the old school of magic. The critics of his day said his performing ability was on par with the most talented actors, singers, and dancers of the 19th century.
While attending classes at Grandes écoles, he tried to fit in with his upper crust classmates at the prestigious school. He went to Fontainebleau(which was a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris, France) with his classmates. Fontainebleau was renowned for its large scenic forests which surrounded the city and dozens of villages. It was a favorite weekend getaway for Parisians, as well as for the reigning monarchs of the time.
Young Carl played on the Palace grounds with his friends as a cavalcade came up the road. They realized they were trespassing so they fled leaving poor Carl to take the fall. So Carl swiftly climbed a tree in the dense Forest of Fontainebleau. Even though he was hidden by the thick foliage, he began to trill bird calls.
Two young princes of King Louis-Philippe of France, Antoine and Henri, heard the trills. They wanted to catch a glimpse of the birds. They parted the leaves and saw the grinning Carl perched inside. The citizen king and the ladies in the carriage were so amused, they invited him to entertain at the palace.
Carl lived in Paris as a young man. His father, Samuel, urged him to study medicine. But Carl was more interested in performing. He had early success as a magician, but tried to please his father by earning a living away from the stage. He was in his twenties when he was out of work and desperate for money. So turned to the only profession he knew and that was magic.
Career.
Carl left school and joined a company of actors. From there he branched out on his own. He started off like all magicians today and that is with doing school shows. Then he progressed to private performances. From there, he got hired to perform at theatre exhibitions.
He practiced ventriloquism as well as magic. His career was interrupted by his services with the French Army. When he left the army, he returned to France. While there, he was a constant visitor to the theatre of Jean Eugène Robert-Houdin starring the name sake, Robert-Houdin. He was most impressed by the many new illusions presented by the former watchmaker turned magician. Illusions were new at the time and Carl thought it would nice to own such fine tricks. 
He finally earned enough to buy equipment for a three hour production. He bought most of his illusions from Robert-Houdin’s trusted assistant LeGrande. LeGrand made replica’s of Houdin’s equipment and sold them to French magician Robin, Scottish magician John Henry Anderson, and Carl. Herrmann set out to tour with his own show.
First stop for Carl was England. He took the pirated tricks to London and first appeared at the Adelphi Theatre. In 1848, Carl performed at the Haymarket Theatre in London where he billed himself as "the Premier Prestidigitateur of France and the First Professor of Magic ".
In 1848, The Illustrated London News critiqued the 32 year old magician’s performance in April. “He was not only adept at tricks of his predecessors Phillipe and Doebler had shown, he also introduced several striking new mysteries of his own.” They praised tricks like the Inexhaustible Bottle , which produces endless quantities of different liquors in what seems to be an endless quantity; The Portfolio, items such as flowers, turtle doves, and a live boy would be produced from the empty portfolio; and the Second Sight, items are named from a blindfolded assistant.
What the Illustrated London News didn’t know was that those "marvels" where created by Robert-Houdin in Paris. When he premiered in London later in the year at the St. James Theatre, Robert-Houdin was not happy with his friend presenting duplicates of his tricks. Also, he was annoyed by Carl’s title. He felt he was "the Premier Prestidigitateur of France". Herrmann was glad to let him have the title. But did keep "The First Professor of Magic in the World".
Two years later he took Robert-Houdin’s pirated illusions and performed in Germany, Austria, and Italy. In Portugal, he was decorated by the king and became Chevalier Herrmann. It was during this tour he was developing his sleight of hand skill and adapting them to his program. After producing four gold fish bowls, he would walk into the audience and invited the spectators to inspect his arms and his long coattails. Those that assumed that’s where they came from would not expect there could be more. Then from the same cloth, Carl produced a fifth bowl.
Carl kidnaps little brother.
After Carl finished his tour of Europe with, he returned to his parent’s home in Paris in 1853. He was greeted by his fifteen brothers and sisters. He was most taken in with the youngest Alexander. Carl was thrilled to find out that the eight year old Alexander was already showing an interest in magic. So, without the family consent, Carl kidnapped the young man and took him to Saint Petersburg, Russia to teach him the art of magic. While there, he took his younger brother with him on a tour that started in Russia. He suspended his young brother before Czar Nicholas I. The then nine year old acted as a blindfolded medium in the Second Sight. Czar Nicholas gave Carl an engraved gold watch decorated with diamonds, pearls, and amethysts.
Alexander remained with Carl until they arrived in Vienna. Samuel didn’t want Alexander to suffer the same fate as Carl. His father was ready to bring kidnap charges against him. Samuel’s anger caused their mother to come there and insisted upon Alexander's return to Paris. They reached a compromise. Alexander would stay with Carl until the tour was over. Alexander continued his duties as assistant.
Alexander didn’t just learn how to pop out of boxes. Carl served as a role model and inspiration for his younger brother. He was teaching him advance sleight of hand. Some that he had learned from their father. He also taught him new moves that Carl picked up on his own. He was thrilled that Alexander was an eager and willing student. Carl continued with this throughout their excursion threw Europe. After touring places like Germany, Austria, Italy, and Portugal, the tour ended in Vienna. Carl liked it so much, he made Vienna his home. As promised, he sent Alexander back home to Paris.
While there, Alexander showed what he had learned from Carl to their father. Samuel was impressed with Alexander’s skill. He decided to let him continue in magic. Carl was to mentor his young brother. Alexander stayed in Paris until he was about 11 years old. Then he returned to Vienna to meet up with Carl. He promised Samuel to teach Alexander things other than magic. While in Vienna Alexander attended college. But, it was sleight of hand that was to be his main interest.
Carl mentors Alexander.
Alexander went with Carl on nearly every tour. At first he returned to his role as assistant. This time though he did not float on a pole. Carl discarded those illusions from the last tour when Robert-Houdin discovered that LeGrand was responsible for selling replicas of the fruits of his creations. He had the mechanic arrested. It is not known whether Carl bought the illusions directly from LeGrand or from another source. What is known is that he discarded them in favor of tricks using pure sleight of hand. He found that the audiences enjoyed these tricks better.
His new approach brought him triumphs in Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentina. In January 1861 he was in Havana, Cuba. His admirers said, “You don’t need a wand to work your imitable wonders. But,” they added, “We thought you merited the finest one ever made.” They presented him with a diamond sapphire gold wand. Engraved on the staff was his portrait along with an inscription. Carl added this to his ever growing collection.
From Cuba, they sailed to New Orleans. There he gave his first twenty-four performances in the United States at the St. Charles Theatre. The only thing that stopped the run was the outbreak of the American Civil War. Carl and Alexander packed their bags quickly and caught the last train north. Without any bookings, they sought the prominent New York opera impresario B. Ullman. Ullman arranged for the Herrmann’s to perform at the Academy of Music on 14th St. The impresario told reporters that Prof. Herrmann’s magic, “…was as much acknowledge in Europe as Jenny Lind’s was in music.”
Carl was impressed with the progress of his brother Alexander’s skills. He decided to have Alexander became a real part of Carl’s show. By the time they arrived in the America in 1860, Alexander was seventeen. Audiences noticed his adroitness. His dexterity soon rivaled that of Carl. Jealously brewed on that tour, but never surfaced.
They appeared at the Academy of Music which is generally known for their opera’s, but when the two Herrmann’s arrived, the music played second fiddle to the wonders the two wizards produced. The posters of the time mentioned that Herrmann’s, “… distinguishing feature is the entire absence of any apparatus, all effects being solely produced by extraordinary manual skill.” During the beginning of the their show, Carl announces that his younger brother was his successor-to-be.
Five weeks of full houses brought Carl receipts totaling thirty-five thousand dollars that would be about $700,000 in today’s dollars). With the Civil War in full swing,the Herrmann’s headed for Central and South America.
A few years later, they parted company. Alexander appeared on his own until he met up with Carl in Vienna in 1867. They formed their second co-partnership and returned to the U.S. to resume their tour there. According to Walter B. Gibson’s book The Magic Masters, "...and implanted the name Herrmann quite firmly there." The Herrmann name eventually became synonymous with magic. Eventually the two magic brothers would go their separate ways.
Carl tours Europe.
With the departure of Carl, Alexander began his own career in 1862. Carl returned to play to the capitals of Europe. Alexander brought his own show to London in 1871 and began his three stretch at Egyptian Hall that he called his one thousand and one nights.
Carl retired during Alexander’s three stint at Egyptian Hall. Meanwhile, the financial panic of 1873 wiped out Carl. On May 9, the Vienna Stock Exchange crashed. They no longer were able to bankroll the corrupt mismanagement of the Deutsche Bank. A series of Viennese bank failures resulted. This caused a deflation of the money available for business lending.
He needed money and the only way to pay his debts was to return to performing. The two magical brothers met again in 1885 in Paris. Carl was still miffed at Alexander from his triumph at Egyptian Hall. Carl was not about to retire until he regained his fortune. So, an agreement was made between the two brothers to split the world. Compars was to return to Europe and Alexander to the United States.
The death of Prof. Herrmann.
Alexander leaves Paris to go back to America. He becomes an established institution. A few years later, While in New York, Alexander heard the news of the death of his brother Carl. Professor Herrmann died on June 8, 1887 in Karlsbad in Germany. Alexander was very shocked. Even with the rivalry between them, he could not help but feel that he owed everything to him. "We've always had a warm and brotherly feeling towards each other," he told a newspaper.
After Carl's death in 1887, Alexander continued with the profession until his own death in 1896. The Herrmann name continued as Alexander's wife Adelaide became the first woman to win notable fame as a magician. Alexander's nephew Leon had accompanied Adelaide, adding another "Herrmann" name to the magical family tree. Leon died in 1909, at the age of 42.

</doc>
<doc id="21589336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589336" title="FAHS">
FAHS

Fahs or FAHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21589338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589338" title="Salango">
Salango

Description.
Community venues
Río Chico.
Economy.
Natural Resources: Fishery, Flora, Fauna Marina
Factory :Fishery.
Tourism: Whale watching, beach, museum, crafts, diving, ecotourism trails, snorkeling, trekking, scenic beauty, flora and fauna, cultural events, archaeology.
The Salango community has deep ancestral roots that represent about 5,000 years of history and culture.
Worldview.
Salango is a pre-Columbian settlement that is located at the southern end of a sandy cove on the south coast of the province of Manabi. Salango Island is located just off the coast.
The worldview of the people has been developed through the different cultures that have existed here starting from the Valdivia culture, Machalilla, Engoroy- Chorrera, Bahia, Guangala and Manteños.
Through the archaeological remains found, it is surmised that their ancestors’ spirituality and understanding of the world around them was very large, but in particular, it was bound up with their environment as alive, of ocean and hilly forest, preserving and protecting it as well as transmitting their spiritual knowledge to new generations.
The Pueblo Manta that consists of the comunas Salango, Las Tunas, El Pital and Agua Blanca keeps alive these spiritual, cultural and pre-Columbian symbols of their own ancient worldview, which are presented in their cultural celebrations.
The worldview of the Pueblo Manta has always been connected to the shell spondylus, from the Valdivia culture until today.
Salango. Salango Town. Comuna Salango.
Salango is located on the shores of the Pacific, in southern Manabi Province, in the buffer zone of the Machalilla National Park. The community seeks to consolidate its development process with the promotion of one of the main features the community-based ecotourism, taking advantage of the natural and cultural resource that are related to the ancient heritage of those who settled in this sector.
Amongst its natural attractions is the island of Salango, home to beautiful species of seabirds like blue-footed boobies, frigates, pelicans among others; just off the island’s pristine beach is the marine sanctuary, a site with schools of tropical fish and coral reefs, ideal for diving.
In the heart of the community is the Research Center and Museum Salango CIMS that protects and exhibits in its original place an archaeological collection of 245 pieces of cultural heritage that represent over 4500 years before the conquest. The center possesses laboratories and collections of archaeological, fauna, fish, and mollusks for studies and investigations. Part of the center includes the hacienda house that functions as a historic museum that recounts the last 100 years of Salango’s history.
Salango Museum.
The museum grounds function as an educational center for deepening the understanding of the area’s cultural and marine resources. Programs are provided for children and adults of different educational levels.
Geopolitics.
They are located on the southern coast of Ecuador, in the canton Puerto Lopez, Manabi province. The Salango community is located along the south of the Ecuadorian coast, in the canton of Puerto López, Manabí Province. It is composed of villages of Salango Rio Chico.
Land - legalization.
Salango acquired legal status as a commune by in the No. 074 Agreement in the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock on October 30, 1979.
After a process of analysis and discussion of its historical past and identification, it was recorded in the Development Council for Nationalities and Peoples of Ecuador CODENPE by Agreement 016 on the 19th of April in 2004, as a community of ancestral roots.
It has a communal territory of 2536 hectares. Its principal economic activity is fishing.
The Community of Salango of the Canton Puerto Lopez, Manabi Province, holds property rights to a territory about 2,536 hectares, is made up of the small towns of Salango and Rio Chico.
The communities on the south central coast of Ecuador including Salango, are descendants of the Pueblo Manta Huancavilca, with 5,000 years of history and culture. The first settlements belonged to the Valdivia culture, followed by Machalilla, Engoroy- Chorrera, Bahia, Guangala and culminated with the so-called Regional Integration Period Manteña (800-1530 AD)
In 1526, there was the first contact between Spanish and native sailors of Salango. At that time there was a powerful chiefdom known as Salangome, which was the nucleus of a "league of merchants" that dominated the sea trade, devoting their trade to a large variety of seafood, including the shell "spondylus."
During the colonial era a religion unknown to our Indians was imposed. By a synod of 1535, the original language of Ecuador's coastal communities was abolished and the Spanish language imposed, which is why now there are only traces and words of our native language as colonche, vine, Tuzco, Sercapez, Valdivia, and Salango.
Due to the natural advantages they have, these communities have been prized by external interests that have consistently affected their territories, natural resources as well as cultural heritage and history.
In 1937 the Ecuadorian government enacted the Law of Organization and Management of Communes, which intended to protect and ensure the existence and functioning of rural peasant communities and administratively place them under the protection and supervision of the Ministry of Agriculture and Livestock. The creation of a comuna in an area included "every town that does not have the status of parish and was known as annexed, neighborhood, community, bear the name of community."
However, this Act was based on the idea that all rural communities are peasant communities, but it did not acknowledge or recognize the cultural and historical diversity of towns and ancestral communities.
Subsequent reforms have not changed this view; therefore, at present time most of its provisions have fallen into conflict with constitutional law and international norms that protect indigenous communities.
The Salango commune, aware of its historical and ancestral roots, in the exercise of its collective rights guaranteed in the Ecuadorian constitution and in the provisions of Convention 169 of the International Labour Organization ILO, in a free and autonomous way, took the decision to separate the regime of the Communal rights and its former legal status; consequently the new status of the Community Salango was recorded under Agreement No. 016 on April 19 of 2004 in the Consejo de Desarrollo de las Nacionalidades y Pueblos del Ecuador CODENPE, an agency under the Presidency of the Republic, authorized in Executive Order No. 386 RO 86 on December 11 of 1998, that is responsible for defining policies for the reconstruction, strengthening and development of the indigenous towns and communities in the country.
For the management of their territory, natural resources, biodiversity, cultural heritage, and social organization, the Comprehensive Plan for Community Development of Salango "PIDCOSA", was developed at the beginning of 2004 and the became the basis for the Parish Development Plan and the projects "Ecotourism and Community Development of Handicraft" and "Production of Ecosystem Services".
In 2001 a section of ocean to the north of the island Salango was declared a marine sanctuary by the Salangome Ecological Association, in order to develop a site of conservation, especially conservation of those species that reside on the seafloor. The site also serves as a venue for research and tourism in Salango.
As part of PIDCOSA, the "Community Management Research Center and Museum Salango CIMS," project was developed in the beginning of 2005, through which the community officially took over the management of CIMS. This was accomplished once the National Institute of Cultural Heritage declared the archaeological collections, which include 245 museum pieces, as belonging to the cultural heritage of the Commune Salango.
On March 31, 2011 the Ecuadorian Ministry of Tourism, issued the regulations for the Registration of Tourist Community Centers, in which traditional communities legally organized and trained can develop community tourism activities.

</doc>
<doc id="21589348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589348" title="Serani">
Serani

Craig Serani Marsh, a.k.a. Serani is a dancehall artist who has a joint venture deal with Phase One Communications in NYC. He is best known for his involvement in Sean Paul's album The Trinity and his 2008 single "No Games, "that has sold 400,000 singles so far. Serani also released many hit singles, such as "Skip To My Luu," "Doh" and "She Loves Me".
Background.
Serani was born June 7, 1982 in Kingston, Jamaica. He decided at a young age that his two other best friends who also shared the same interest in music should put together DASECA productions in 2001. Three friends David Anthony Harrisingh, Craig Serani Marsh, and Craig Andrew Harrisingh had a goal to produce all the major Reggae artist in Jamaica.
History.
2006-2008: Early career/Production credits.
In 2006, Serani co-produced the first two singles on Sean Paul’s new platinum album "Trinity", including "We Be Burnin'", which was the first released single. "We be Burnin’" track helped Trinity break a Jamaican record of 107,000 copies sold in the first week. Serani also produced the album "Smash" riddim, which hosts the song "Dutty Wine" by Tony Matterhorn. Dutty Wine was the number one song in Jamaica and England for a lengthy period of time. Serani is credited for helping bring into the limelight other Jamaican heavyweights such as Mavado, Alaine Laughton and Bugle with his catchy beats such as the Anger Management riddim on which Mavado voiced his landmark hit "Real McCoy". DASECA productions has also produced hits for other Reggae icons such as their colleague and Alliance crew leader Bounty Killer, Busy Signal and Vybz Kartel amongst many others. They are also the backbone of The Alliance affiliated band Anger Management. His first and very successful attempt at singing was on Mavado's hit song Dying which is featured on the latter's début album . He sang the hook and Mavado chanted the verses.
2008-Present: rise to fame.
In 2008, Serani landed a contract to record two albums for JVC Entertainment, before going on to sign the deal with Phase One. Serani is self-produces most of his own songs and has promoted singles such as “Doh” featuring Bugle, "No Games" and “She Loves Me”. A constant touring artist, in 2012 he was at the top of his career with an amazing performance at the legendary Ride Club in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21589402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589402" title="Jai Veeru">
Jai Veeru

Jai Veeru is a Hindi action film directed by Puneet Sira, and starring Fardeen Khan, Kunal Khemu, Dia Mirza, Arbaaz Khan and Anjana Sukhani. The film was released on 13 March 2009. It is a remake of the 1996 action, "Bulletproof". The title of the film is named after the famous characters, Jai and Veeru from the film "Sholay".
Plot.
Veeru (Kunal Khemu) is a small time crook working for a large drug importer, Tejpal (Arbaaz Khan). He is unaware that his best friend Jai (Fardeen Khan) is an undercover cop, seeking evidence against Tejpal. During a raid on Tejpal's warehouse, Veeru accidentally shoots Jai in the head but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery. Veeru then flees the state, and is subsequently arrested. Jai is assigned the task of returning Veeru to testify against Tejpal. They confront each other, and seem to find their friendship still exists. They both decide to be friends again, when Veeru claims he has Tejpal's diary, which includes all his secrets and whereabouts. When they go to catch him, Tejpal shoots Veeru, while Jai attacks Tejpal and kills him. By the time the police get there, Jai has already let Veeru flee, and Jai is arrested for what he has done. Since then, lives on the friendship of "Jai Veeru".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film is composed by Bappa Lahiri while the lyrics are penned by Shravan Kumar.
Box office.
It did a business of Rs 5 Crores in all over circuits. It grossed around $2.2 million worldwide. Box Office India declared it as flop.

</doc>
<doc id="21589436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589436" title="Political Security Directorate">
Political Security Directorate

Political Security Directorate (, "Idarat al-Amn al-Siyasi") is an intelligence service of Syria. It is active against the opposition. It runs detention centres. It is divided into an Internal Security Department and an External Security Department. It monitors political dissent and all media outlets, and registered parties are surveilled, too.
History and chiefs.
From 1987 until the 1990s, it was headed by Adnan Badr Hassan, an Alawite from Homs. Ghazi Kanaan was its chief from 2002 to 2004. In 2004, Muhammad Manasra became its head. In 2011, its chief was Deeb Zaitoun, an Alawite.

</doc>
<doc id="21589444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589444" title="Bitbucket">
Bitbucket

Bitbucket is a web-based hosting service for projects that use either the Mercurial (since the origin) or Git (since october, 2011) revision control systems. Bitbucket offers both commercial plans and free accounts. It offers free accounts with an unlimited number of private repositories (which can have up to five users in the case of free accounts) , but by inviting three users to join Bitbucket, three more users can be added, for eight users in total. Private repositories are not shown on profile pages - if a user has only private repositories, it will simply state that the user does not have any repositories until the user creates a public repository. Bitbucket is written in Python using the Django web framework.
It is similar to GitHub, which primarily uses Git. In a 2008 blog post, Bruce Eckel compared Bitbucket favorably to Launchpad, which uses Bazaar.
Pricing plans.
Bitbucket offers multiple paid plans that allow repository owners to have more users in their account. Inviting users to join Bitbucket allows free repositories to be expanded to 8 users in total. By upgrading to a paid plan for a monthly fee, more users can access the repository: 10 users for $10 a month, 25 users for $25 a month, 50 users for $50 a month, 100 users for $100 a month and unlimited users for $200 a month.
History.
Bitbucket was previously an independent startup. On 29 September 2010, Bitbucket was acquired by VC-funded Atlassian.
Initially, Bitbucket only offered hosting support for Mercurial projects. On 3 October 2011, Bitbucket officially announced support for Git hosting.
Logo.
The original symbol on the sticker of the bucket is the alchemical and planetary symbol for Mercury, and refers to Bitbucket hosting Mercurial repositories. The contents of the blue bucket is mercury metal.
When Bitbucket announced Git support, the sticker icon switched to be the primary logo of Atlassian.

</doc>
<doc id="21589446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589446" title="Acetyl tributyl citrate">
Acetyl tributyl citrate

Acetyl tributyl citrate is valued as a biodegradable plasticizer of low toxicity, found in nail polish and other cosmetics. 
Other Name.
Tributyl Acetyl Citrate, butyl acetylcitrate, O-Acetylcitric acid tributyl ester, Acetyl Tributylcitrate, ATBC, Acetyl Tributyl Citrate
Properties.
Acetyl Tributyl Citrate（ATBC）is an innocuous plasticizer, mainly used as plasticizer of PVC, cellulose resin and synthetic rubber, used in innocuous PVC grain, Produce food packaging material, medical products, prepare flavor, essence, soft toys for children and produce cosmetics etc.
Acetyl Tributyl Citrate（ATBC）compatible with polyvinyl butyra, partly compatible with cellulose acetate, cellulose acetate butyrate. The cold resistance and light resistance are similar to those of trinbutyl citrate. Water resistance is better. Acetyl Tributyl Citrate（ATBC）is Nontoxic, LD50=4000mg/kg.
Usage.
Acetyl Tributyl Citrate（ATBC）is innocuous plasticizer,mainly used as plasticizer of PVC, cellulose resin and synthetic rubber, used in innocuous PVC grain, Produce food packaging material, medical products, prepare flavor, essence, soft toys for children and produce cosmetics etc.
Acetyl Tributyl Citrate（ATBC）also used as stabilizer of polyvinylidene chloride etc..

</doc>
<doc id="21589466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589466" title="Elliot Graham">
Elliot Graham

Elliot Graham (born 1976, Claremont, California) is an American film editor whose work on the film "Milk" (directed by Gus Van Sant-2008) was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing and for the American Cinema Editors Eddie Award.
In 1999, Graham received bachelor's degrees in history and in film from New York University. Graham's first editing credit was for "The Last Minute" (2001), which is an independent film that was written, directed, and edited by Stephen Norrington. Graham was initially hired to assist Norrington with editing, but ultimately shared the editing credit. Graham subsequently worked on two films with director Bryan Singer, "X2" (2003) and "Superman Returns" (2006); he co-edited these films with John Ottman. Graham also edited the pilot for the television program, "House" (2004), which was also directed by Singer.
Several critics have written about the editing of "Milk", which intermixes archival footage from the era of the film with footage of the actors.
Filmography (as editor).
The director of each film is indicated in parenthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="21589470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589470" title="Royal Derwent Hospital">
Royal Derwent Hospital

The Royal Derwent Hospital, (originally New Norfolk Insane Asylum and later Lachlan Park) was built to house mentally ill and mentally handicapped persons in 1827, soon after the separation of Van Diemens Land from New South Wales. Its name was changed on 27 March 1968 to the Royal Derwent Hospital., also absorbing the nearby Millbrook Rise facility on 1 July 1968 to house patients. It was open for more than 170 years, finally closing in November 2000.
Willow Court is a rich and complex heritage site with a diverse range of stories, reactions and opinions. These stem from the local community, the individuals hospitalised at Willow Court, their families and friends, the workers and professionals employed throughout its history
History.
The Royal Derwent Hospital was originally an Invalid Barracks, for invalid convicts and lunatics who had been transported to Van Diemens Land. It was expanded in 1830 by Lt-Governor Arthur, and held more than 130 invalids and lunatics. During the 1850s it was taken over by the Colonial Government, from then on numbers of the inmates expanded rapidly, as penal institutions started to close down across the colony and their invalids were sent up to the Hospital.
The hospital was closed in late 2000, as smaller community-sited care institutes proceeded rapidly, and the hospital could no longer be funded by the Tasmanian State Government.
Today parts of the hospital site are currently sitting derelict and has been the subject of a great deal of vandalism and was badly damaged by separate arson attacks in January 2008 and December 2010 Further pieces of the site, which have been sold to private ownership, have been reopened as a tourist drawcard with a motel, two cafes, various boutique stores and two antique stores.
Haunting.
Willow Court has become notorious for supposed haunting's and ghost sightings since it shut down, so much that in February 2011 the Derwent Valley Council voted to hire a paranormal investigation unit. The action was criticised by the former mayor, several councilors and inhabitants of New Norfolk because of that fact that there were still people living who had been incarcerated in the hospital or had relatives there.

</doc>
<doc id="21589515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589515" title="Chennai Sangamam">
Chennai Sangamam

Chennai Sangamam (Tamil: சென்னை சங்கமம்) is a large annual open Tamil cultural festival held in the city of Chennai. The festival is organized by the Tamil Maiyam and Department of Tourism and Culture of the Government of Tamil Nadu with the intention of rejuvenating the old village festivals, art and artists. The festival is centered around the occasion of Tamil harvest festival of Pongal, and takes place for a week long period. The festival is conceived to be the longest and biggest open Festival in India.
History.
The idea of organizing a festival during Pongal showcasing the culture of Tamil Nadu was conceived by Kanimozhi, Member of Parliament from Tamil Nadu and daughter of M Karunanidhi and Rev.Fr. Jegath Gaspar Raj, founder of Tamil Maiyam, in September 2006. The festival was rolled out in 2007, with patronization of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Festival description.
The festival is organized at various places in Chennai including beaches, parks, corporation grounds, college / school grounds and shopping malls. The idea to have it in the open parks, beaches and streets was an inspiration from the Bangaluru Habba celebrations. The events that mark the festival include traditional and folk music shows folk dances, martial arts, classical music and dance performances, street plays, drama / theater, etc. Apart from these, food component got added in the second edition of Chennai Sangamam in 2008 where food outlets catering traditional Tamil cuisine also became part of the celebrations. More than 2,000 performers take part in the event which accommodates around 4,000 performances annually.

</doc>
<doc id="21589526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589526" title="Bacolod Arts &amp; Youth Sports Center">
Bacolod Arts &amp; Youth Sports Center

The Bacolod Arts and Youth Sports Center (BAYS Center) is a multi-use gym located in the heart of Bacolod City, fronting the Public Plaza, in Negros Occidental, Philippines. It is used mostly for basketball, karatedo and boxing matches, and was used in events in the city like the MassKara Festival activities and other government related activities like seminars, business and political gatherings. 
It was the venue of the UMA-ONEBA and NOKAF Championships in which the Western Visayas athletes participated in sporting events. 
The gym has a seating capacity of more than a thousand. It is officially designated as the COMELEC tally headquarters for both local and national election in the Philippines.
Aside from the gym, it also serves as offices of the departments of the city and also serves as cultural facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21589553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589553" title="Wissmann">
Wissmann

Wissmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21589562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589562" title="Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge">
Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge

The Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wetland area in the U.S. state of Alaska. It encompasses most of the Yukon Flats, a vast wetland area centered on the confluence of the Yukon River, Porcupine River, and Chandalar River. The area is a major waterfowl breeding ground, and after a proposal to flood the Yukon Flats via a dam on the Yukon River was turned down, the Yukon Flats were deemed worthy of protection. The Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act established the refuge in 1980. It is the third-largest National Wildlife Refuge in the United States, although it is less than one-half the size of either of the two largest, the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, or the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge is administered from offices in Fairbanks.

</doc>
<doc id="21589568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589568" title="Palace Guttahalli">
Palace Guttahalli

Palace Guttahalli is one of the oldest districts of Bangalore, Karanataka, India.
Palace Guttahalli, located in the north-west of Bangalore, derives its name from the famous Bangalore Palace as it is situated right next to it.
The area houses lot of popular printing press, Tailoring shops, It contains Jamia Masjid which is the big mosque in the locality and also has many temples like Dattatreya temple, Raghavendra mutt, Uttarayana temple, Muneshwara temple etc. are situated here, Hospitals like Bilva nursing home and anugraha nursing home are situated here. Vasavi Diagnosis, first state government initiative is situated in this area. National Tuberculosis Institute is situated on Bellary road, Guttahalli, next to cauvery theatre.
Vinayaka circle and guttahalli circle are major junctions here. The area is surrounded by other popular areas such as Malleshwaram, Seshadripuram, Kumarapark, Vyalikaval, Lower Palace Orchads, Sadashivnagar. Popular sankey tank lake is situated very near to the area.
Transport.
Palace Guttahalli is well connected by the Bangalore Metropolitan Transportation Corporation buses (BMTC) with the downtown and other localities in Bangalore. Nagappa Street and 2nd Main road are the two main roads running through the heart of Palace Guttahalli. The vehicular density and the resulting pollution on these roads is a major cause of concern. BMTC buses like 176 series, 104 series commute regularly.
Demographics.
Tamil speaking people, Marwadis, Muslims form a large part of population, involved in routine trades. Muneshwara block is a densely crowded location in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="21589583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589583" title="Thomas Bellew">
Thomas Bellew

Thomas Bellew may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21589586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589586" title="Doors of Chaos">
Doors of Chaos

Plot.
Twin sisters Mizeria and Clarissa Rezelput are Harmonizers, able to manipulate the harmonies that exist in all living things. Confined to a locked garden, they have been raised by their guardian Rikhter Eintetta, trained and guided by his nurturing hand. The girls eagerly await their 16th birthday, practicing for their coming of age ceremony, when they will finally be recognized as true Harmonizers. With the passing of the ceremony, they will also gain new freedoms, and finally be able to leave their garden. However, when dark forces interfere during the ceremony, not only are Mizeria's dreams of freedom are destroyed and her sister kidnapped by turned-traitor Rikhter - the fate of the entire world is now at stake.
Release.
The manga is licensed in France by Soleil, in Finland by Pauna Media Group, in Hungary by Mangattack, in Czech Republic as "Dveře chaosu" by Zoner Press and in Russia as "Двери Хаоса" by Eksmo & Comix-ART.
Reception.
IGN's A.E. Sparrow criticizes the manga for occasionally using modern language, which doesn't fit the time period of the manga. Pop Culture Shock's Katherine Dacey criticizes the artist for putting too much detail into the manga's artwork. Pop Syndicate's Amanda Rush commends the manga for its "beautiful" artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="21589599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589599" title="Grčarevec">
Grčarevec

Grčarevec (in older sources also "Gerčarevec", ) is a village between Planina and Kalce in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. In addition to the main settlement of the village, it also comprises the hamlets of Grčarevski Vrh () to the north along the road to Kalce, and Kališe in the forest to the northeast.
Geography.
The region around the village contains many springs, the water of which disappears into nearby sinkholes. The surrounding spruce forest is economically important and in the past compensated for the poor soil, which was mainly farmed for corn and potatoes for local use. South of the main settlement is Hotenjke Springs, which contributes to flooding of the Planina Karst Polje (). There are karst caves around Grčarevec, including 100 m long Goat Cave () and the over 100 m deep Mesar Shaft () and Kališnica Shaft, as well as Dolar Cave (), the Gnezd Shaft (), the Sheep Shaft (), and Kališe Cave (). The remains of several woolly rhinoceros were discovered in Dolar Cave in 1933.
Name.
It has been suggested that the name "Grčarevec" may derived from *"Gričar" 'hill dweller', based on the Slovene common noun "grič" 'hill'. The settlement was known as "Gartschareuz" in 19th-century German.
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Luke and belongs to the Parish of Planina. The church was built in 1746.

</doc>
<doc id="21589628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589628" title="Hleviše">
Hleviše

Hleviše is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21589646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589646" title="Yvette Tollar">
Yvette Tollar

Yvette Tollar is a Canadian jazz vocalist born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. She has released two full length CDs, "Cactus Flowers" (2001) and "Ima" (2008). "Ima" was a nominee for Vocal Jazz Album of the Year at the 2009 Juno Awards.
Yvette Tollar comes from a musical family. Her brother is Ernie Tollar. He is a saxophone and woodwind player who has played with jazz vocalist Holly Cole and big band NOJO. Yvette is married to electric bassist Rich Brown.
Yvette studied jazz music with vocalist, Sheila Jordan in New York and with Joe Lovano, Dave Holland and Kenny Werner at the Banff Centre for The Arts. She is the recipient of awards and scholarships from The Canada Council for The Arts, The Ontario Arts Council, The Toronto Arts Council, The Banff Centre for The Arts and FACTOR.

</doc>
<doc id="21589649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589649" title="Ruapani">
Ruapani

Ruapani was a rangatira (chief) of the Māori in Tūranganui-a-Kiwa (the Poverty Bay-region on the East Coast of New Zealand) in the 15th and 16th century.
He is said to have been the paramount chief of all the Tūranganui-a-Kiwa tribes around 1525.
His influence was large, it extended into the Ruakituri Valley and the Whakapūnaki district as far as the Huiarau Range beyond Lake Waikaremoana.
Whakapapa.
His whakapapa is shown in two images:
Mackay gives a slightly different version of the history, resuming an address by Captain W. T. Pitt to the Rotary Club of Gisborne in 1934. When “the Tākitimu waka called in at Nukutaurua (Mahia Peninsula), her captain (Kiwa) left her and, with a small party, set off overland for Turanga (Poverty Bay). There he met Pāoa, Horouta's captain. To celebrate the occasion they agreed that Kahutuanui (Kiwa's son) should wed Hine-a-Kua (Paoa's daughter). 
The descendants of this illustrious couple married with the issue of Paikea (who was reputed to have journeyed to New Zealand on the back of a whale); with those of Maia (who was said to have crossed the seas on a gourd), and with the Toi people. When the seventh generation was reached, the head chief was Ruapani, in whom converged all the lines of Maori greatness.”
Ruapani is also said to be descendant from Hine Hikirirangi, the sister of Pāoa. She was the ancestor who nurtured the kūmara (sweet potato) she had brought from Hawaiki in her sacred basket.
Popoia.
Ruapani lived in his pā, Popoia, near Waituhi, some 20 km north west of nowadays Gisborne. He had three wives; in order, Wairau, Uenukukōihu and Rongomaipāpā. When Ruapani died, Tūhourangi took Rongomaipāpā as his wife and founded the Tuhourangi iwi in Rotorua, which is also part of the Te Arawa confederation of tribes.
Popoia is located north of Waituhi and is adjacent to Lavenham Road. The site is still visible today but is located on private farmland.
Mitiri writes extensively about Kahungunu, “one of the most amazing characters in Māori history”, who once visited a pā on Titirangi (nowadays Kaiti Hill), where “Kahungunu saw the smoke of the fires of a large settlement inland on the opposite side of the Waipaoa River. On asking who was living there, he was told that the pa was Popoia, owned by Ruapani, the principal chief of the whole district. So to Popoia our hero journeyed, and was so well thought of that Ruapani gave him his daughter Rua-rere-tai as wife. Kahungunu settled in the pa, and doubtless became a useful fellow. Time passed on until Rua-rere-tai was about to give birth to a child and she was desirous of something tasty with which to vary her diet. She asked her husband to procure some birds for her to eat in order to cause the milk to flow for his (as yet unborn) child. On reaching the forest he found a nest of a tieke in a hollow tree, from which he obtained some young birds. He took them to the village and cooked them, thus fulfilling his wife's desire. Not long after, the child, a girl, was born, and was named Rua-herehere-tieke, thus commemorating the finding of the young birds.”
Legacy.
Ruapani’s legacy is evident in the whakapapa (genealogy) lines of all the tribes in the Tūranganui-a-Kiwa district. With the emergence of these tribes — including, Te Aitanga-a-Māhaki, Rongowhakaata and Ngāi Tāmanuhiri — Ruapani’s influence began to wane and he retreated inland to the home of his relations in the Lake Waikaremoana area, where he lived out his days. Upon his death Ruapani was interred in a sacred cave called Kohurau at Whare Kōrero in the Wainui Beach area. A number of hapū today still identify themselves as Ngāti Ruapani, including those in the Whakapūnaki area through to Lake Waikaremoana and the people of Ōhako Marae in Manutuke.
“Ruapani had three wives and, in all, twenty-five children. Among those who could claim descent from him were Te Kani-a-Takirau, Heuheu, Te Rauparaha, Tomoana, Te Kooti, Wi Pere, Sir J. Carroll, Sir Maui Pomare, Sir A. T. Ngata, and other prominent Maori leaders”.

</doc>
<doc id="21589650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589650" title="Katarina Jukic">
Katarina Jukic

Katarina Jukic (born 23 November 1989) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory. She is the sister of senior team player Andrija Jukic. Jukic also plays for local side Beckenham Angels SC in the Bank West Women's state League.

</doc>
<doc id="21589659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589659" title="Morsiano">
Morsiano

Morsiano is a hamlet administratively a frazione of Villa Minozzo in the province of Reggio Emilia. Located in the tuscany-emilia apennines near the Mount Cusna slopes. It is about above sea level.
Overview.
Morsiano has a population of 134 residents all year long (only the town not he entire frazione). Besides Morsiano there are other little villages which make up its frazione; the main ones are: Case Rossi, Monte Bore, Strinati, and Costalta.
History.
The hamlet is first mentioned in 1302 as being a part of the medieval comune of Toano. In 1466 also the adjacent Romanoro and Novellano villages joined its comune until the 17th century. A census of the 18th century estimated the population to be 395.
Art and culture.
A little Marian niche dedicated to Our Lady dating back to the 1858 can be seen in the eastern part of this village.
The town church, swept away by a landslide in 1725, was completely rebuilt in a few years time. Some of the rocks of the original church are still part of the church's wall. In a little window at the basement of the bell tower there is carved on the rock the date "1595".

</doc>
<doc id="21589663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589663" title="1988 All-Pro Team">
1988 All-Pro Team

The 1988 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, Pro Football Weekly and The Sporting News in 1988. Both first- and second- teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the five teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1988 the Associated Press did not choose a kick returner.
Key.
AP = Associated Press All-Pro team; AP-2 Associated Press Second-team All-Pro; PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-Pro team; NEA = Newspaper Enterprise Association All-Pro team; NEA-2 Newspaper Enterprise Association Second-team All-Pro; PFW = Pro Football Weekly All-Pro team; TSN = The Sporting News All-Pro team; t = players tied in selection

</doc>
<doc id="21589668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589668" title="Marianna Tabain">
Marianna Tabain

Marianna Tabain (born 19 October 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory. 
Tabain won the W-League Goal of the Year Award for a goal in Round 9 against Adelaide United.

</doc>
<doc id="21589689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589689" title="Maya Diederichsen">
Maya Diederichsen

Maya Diederichsen (born 28 December 1987) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589693" title="Lankapalli Bullayya">
Lankapalli Bullayya

Lankapalli Bullayya (1918–1992) was an innovative Indian educator and vice-chancellor of Andhra University, Andhra Pradesh. He was the first Dalit to be appointed vice-chancellor of an Indian university.
Life and career.
Bullayya was born in 1918 in Peravali, near Vemuru, Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. He had to travel long distances to receive his education. Bullayya received a B.A. degree with honours from Andhra University, and served as principal of a B.Ed. college in Kurnool. He later became a District Educational Officer in Kurnool, Krishna and other districts and served in the Education Department as a senior-level officer. After the formation of Andhra Pradesh in 1953, Bullayya was appointed Director of Public Instruction. As Director of Higher Education for the government of Andhra Pradesh, he was instrumental in bringing about educational reform.
He considered the 10+2+3 plan in Andhra Pradesh before it was recommended by the Kothari Commission, and was given the responsibility of strengthening the educational system from primary to university level. In November 1968 Bullaya was appointed vice-chancellor, continuing in that post until December 1974. He sympathised with socially- and economically-disadvantaged students, and was concerned about their welfare. Academic, curricular and examination reforms (among them the introduction of the semester system), abolition of external examinations and the detention system, and continuous assessment marked his tenure. During this period the departments of education, geography, biochemistry, human genetics and physical anthropology were established along with foreign-language courses (German, French and Russian).
Six affiliated colleges were permitted to establish postgraduate departments in select subjects for the purpose of decentralisation. Coaching classes for civil-service examinations and the Continuing Education Scheme were introduced. For the first time in South India, a School of Correspondence Courses was established due to Bullayya's efforts. He was an able administrator and maintained a rapport with the central and state governments, directed toward the betterment of the university.
When university buildings were badly damaged after the 1970 cyclone which struck Visakhapatnam Bullayya showed photographs of the damage to University Grants Commission authorities in New Delhi, seeking grants for the repair of the buildings. The UGC granted funds not only for repairs, but for constructing new buildings.
Bullayya later served at the Union Public Service Commission in an advisory capacity on behalf of Telugu-speaking candidates at the UPSC Interview Board. He was chairman of the Andhra Pradesh and all-India units of the Boy Scouts and a director on the Andhra Bank Board. Bullayya's wife, Samyuktha, was also an educator and former chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board. His brother's sons Lankapally Ramesh Babu and Suresh Babu are public servants in Sanjeeva Reddy Nagar, Hyderabad. Dr. Bullayya College at Visakhapatnam was named for him. He founded the Dr. V.S. Krishna Government College in 
remembrance of his predecessor as vice-chancellor Vasireddy Sri Krishna, and was more concerned about that school than the one named after himself. A bust of Bullayya has been installed in the School of Distance Education in Visakhapatnam.

</doc>
<doc id="21589703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589703" title="Hlevni Vrh">
Hlevni Vrh

Hlevni Vrh is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlet of Jezero.
History.
According to the land registry of 1560, the village was the seat of an administration that included Dole, Hleviše, Izgorje, Konjski Vrh, Račeva, Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev, and Zavratec.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and belongs to the Parish of Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev. In 973 the church belonged to the Diocese of Freising. The current building dates from the beginning of the 16th century and obtained its current appearance during a Baroque remodeling in the 18th century and is surrounded by a small cemetery. It has an entryway through a belfry with four double-lancet windows, a rectangular nave, and a low, narrow chancel. The interior is richly decorated and contains a stone floor and a crypt.

</doc>
<doc id="21589710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589710" title="Rachael Smith">
Rachael Smith

Rachael Smith (born 13 November 1992) is an Australian association footballer currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589715" title="Men's 800 metres European record progression">
Men's 800 metres European record progression

The following table shows the European record progression in the men's 800 metres, as ratified by the EAA
Hand timing.
(*) Performance timed over 880 yards
There is some controversy about the date of Harbig's run. At the usually reliable 
he gives the date of the European Record as 15 July 1939, while at [http://athletix.org/?p=589 this page on the same site he gives the same race producing a World Record one month earlier on 15 June. To decide the issue I went to the IAAF Website where it says the race took place on 17 July 1939. Since it is the IAAF who ratify the records, it seems appropriate to take them as the authority.

</doc>
<doc id="21589737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589737" title="Santa Veronica, San Pablo">
Santa Veronica, San Pablo

Barangay Santa Veronica is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is the westernmost barangay of the city and bounded by the municipality of Alaminos, Laguna on west, Brgy. San Nicolas on north, Brgy. Sta. Monica on east, and Brgy. San Bartolome on south.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21589738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589738" title="Sleeping Child (Michael Learns to Rock song)">
Sleeping Child (Michael Learns to Rock song)

"Sleeping Child" is a single by the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock, from the 1993 album "Colours".
Chart performance.
Although the song itself did not reach the charts, the album "Colours" had some success, reaching number 43 in Sweden. 
Music video.
The video opens in a scene with the band members performing at night. A child then plays nearby. As the band members sing along, the child observes the night sky with a telescope. He sees the earth through the telescope and that scene is then synchronized with the line of the song "you build your own paradise". The video ends after the band finishes singing the song.
Track listings.
MLTR Greatest Hits - Album CD

</doc>
<doc id="21589747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589747" title="Hotedršica">
Hotedršica

Hotedršica is a village west of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Hotedršica was first attested in written sources in 1421 as "Kathedresicz" (and in 1496 as "Kathedersicz"). The name is a syncopated form of "*Hotedražica", derived from the personal name "*Xotědragъ" (from "*xotěti" 'to desire' + "*dorgъ" 'good').
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to John the Baptist and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21589752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589752" title="Ernst Lohmeyer">
Ernst Lohmeyer

Ernst Lohmeyer (1890–1946) was a German scholar of the New Testament, evangelic theologian and Bible professor, executed by Soviet authorities occupying the former East Germany.
Life.
Ernst Lohmeyer was born on July 7, 1890, in Dorsten (Westfalen), as a son of parson, Carl Heinrich Ludwig Lohmeyer (1851–1918). On July 24, 1912 he wrote his bachelor's thesis on "Der Begriff der Diatheke in der antiken Welt und in der Griechischen Bibel". In 1914 he wrote a dissertation "Die Lehre vom Willen bei Anselm von Canterbury", for which he received a doctor of philology. After his army service in 1913-1918 he graduated in Heidelberg (1918) and was appointed Professor extraordinarius (1920), and Professor ordinarius (1921). He worked as professor of New Testament Theology at the University of Breslau (now Wrocław). He was rector of the university in 1930/1931. 
Lohmeyer opposed the Nazis and all related fascist impulses within the German church and society from their onset in the early 1930s. He demonstrated his friendship and solidarity with Jewish professors Martin Buber and Jonas Cohn, in an era of strong antisemitism. Lohmeyer wrote to Martin Buber in 1933 that "the Christian faith is only Christian as long as it retains in its heart the Jewish faith". In this period the Protestant Church was very quiet on the Jewish question. Gerhard Kittel even attacked Buber. On October 15. 1935 he was demoted from a professorship in prestigious Breslau to the relative backwater of Greifswald for his opposition to the Nazis. 
During World War II Lohmeyer did not decline Wehrmacht service because of consequences for his family and became a military officer in the Netherlands and Belgium and on the German East front, on the territory of Poland, and Russia. He remained a Wehrmacht officer from 1939 to 1943 and distinguished himself by wise and courageous leadership and benevolent oversight of occupied areas. After the war, he was a natural choice for rector of the reconstituted University of Greifswald, where he had been a New Testament professor since 1935.
On February 15, 1946, Lohmeyer was arrested, by the Soviet political police, or NKGB, at midnight and whisked away while his home was being ransacked before the eyes of his astonished wife. He vanished without a trace. His family knew no details for the next five years. 
Lohmeyer was killed on September 19, 1946 while in Soviet custody. His death was officially confirmed on December 12, 1957. He was rehabilitated by the Russian government on August 15, 1996. 
Lohmeyer published over three hundred items, among them monographs on New Testament ecclesiology, the Philippians-Colossians-Philemon corpus, the Gospel of Mark, New Testament history and backgrounds, the Book of Revelation, the relation between Old and New Testament traditions, the historical Jesus, eschatology, and Pauline theology. The Book of Revelation interprets as a thoroughly eschatological book. 
He was also the author of hundreds of works still unpublished. They are also important.

</doc>
<doc id="21589763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589763" title="Curcuma caesia">
Curcuma caesia

Curcuma caesia, black turmeric or black zedoary is a perennial herb with bluish-black rhizome, native to North-East and Central India. Black turmeric is also sparsely found in the Papi Hills of East Godavari, West Godavari, and the Khammam districts of Andhra Pradesh. The rhizome of black turmeric has a high economic importance owing to its putative medicinal properties. In west Bengal, the rhizome of the plant is used in Kali Puja, and hence the plant is called Kali haldi. By etymology, Kali is the feminine form of Kala, which means black color and hence the plant is termed as black turmeric in English. This species has been regarded as endangered by the central forest department of India due to biopiracy.
Common names.
Hindi: काली हल्दी Kali Haldi, कृष्ण केदार Krishna kedar; Manipuri: Yaingang Amuba or Yaimu; Marathi: काला हल्दी Kala-haldi; Telugu: Nalla Pasupu; Kannada: kariarishina, naru kachora; Bengali: Kala haldi; Mizo: Aihang, Ailaihang; Assamese: kala haladhi; Nepalese: कालो हलेदो Kaalo haledo; Malayalam: Kari manjal; Sanskrit: Rajani, Nishaa, Nishi, Raatri; Malay: Black Haldi, Black curcuma, Kunyit Hitham, Temu Hitham; Arabic: Gadwâr Aswad; French: Zédoaire Noir; German: Schwarze Zedoarwurzel; Italian: Zedoaria Nera; Turkish: Kara Cadvar
Chemical constituents.
The research on the volatile rhizomes oil of "Curcuma caesia" resulted in the identification of 30 components, representing 97.48% of the oil, with camphor (28.3%), ar-turmerone (12.3%), ("Z")-ocimene (8.2%), ar-curcumene (6.8%), 1,8-cineole (5.3%), elemene (4.8%), borneol (4.4%), bornyl acetate (3.3%) and curcumene (2.82%) as the major constituents.
Medicinal Uses.
The rhizomes are used as a rubeficient to rub the body after taking a Turkish bath. In Bengal, it is used in the fresh state-turmeric. The rhizomes of the herb are often used by the Baiga, Sahariya, Agariya, Gond, Korku, and other tribal communities of Mandla, Balaghat, Chhindwara, Anooppur, and Dindori district of Madhya Pradesh state for the treatment of pneumonia, cough, and cold in children, and for fever and asthma in adults. In northeast India, the powder of rhizomes is used by tribal women as a face-pack during their engagement and marriage period. Fresh rhizomes are crushed and applied as a paste on forehead for relief from migraine or applied on the body for sprains and bruises. In Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh, Kanti tribes apply fresh rhizome paste on snake and scorpion bites . The rhizomes are claimed to have a property of acting against leukoderma, epilepsy, cancer and HIV/AIDS. Gondi people of Bastar apply rhizome paste on the hydrocele using betel leaves. Intake of small amount of rhizome paste is claimed to expel gases from stomach and cure menstrual disorders.
Occult.
Black Turmeric rhizome is believed to have magical powers. In Chhattisgarh, tribes make paste of rhizomes using cow's urine and apply the mixture on forehead as Bindi along with blood, for Vasikaran and Tantra practices. Some tribes believe that the rhizomes act as a talisman to keep evil spirits away. Some people believe that the rhizome of the plant is a form of the goddess Kali and carry a rhizome in their pockets. Some Hindu organizations sell rhizome paste to use as Tilaka, with a belief that it will remove all kinds of black magic. The color of the root is considered similar to the skin complexion of several Hindu deities: Kali, Rama, Krishna, and Shiva.
Cultivation and harvest.
The cultivation and harvest practices are similar to that of common turmeric which is used in recipes. In the fields, the rhizomes are washed thoroughly and are placed in a wide mouthed cauldron. The water is poured in the cauldron such that the rhizomes are completely sunk. The cauldron is covered with a lid, and the rhizomes are boiled for about 30 minutes until foam oozes out with strong odour. The rhizomes are taken out whilst the water is reduced to one-third of its content and when they turn soft with their inner portion decolorized from blue to dark or pale brown. The rhizomes are then dried in hot sun for 10 to 15 days until they are hardened. These dried rhizomes are then packed for marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="21589764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589764" title="Wabash Central Railroad">
Wabash Central Railroad

The Wabash Central Railroad is a short-line railroad that operates between Van Buren and Craigville, United States, crossing a Norfolk Southern Railway line in Bluffton. It began operations in 1997, replacing the Indiana Hi-Rail Corporation on an ex-Toledo, St. Louis and Western Railroad line.
History.
The line was completed in about 1880 by the Delphos, Bluffton and Frankfort Railroad and Frankfort, St. Louis and Toledo Railroad, predecessors of the Toledo, St. Louis and Western Railroad (Clover Leaf). In about 1990, the Indiana Hi-Rail Corporation leased from the Norfolk Southern Railway the portion of the old Clover Leaf between Douglas, Ohio and Van Buren, Indiana. After that company went bankrupt, the new Wabash Central Railroad acquired the portion west of Craigville, beginning operations in December 1997. (Another portion, in Ohio, went to the Delphos Terminal Company, and the rest was abandoned.) The Big 4 Terminal Company bought about at the Craigville end in 2003 to conduct switching services.

</doc>
<doc id="21589789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589789" title="Ella Mastrantonio">
Ella Mastrantonio

Ella Mastrantonio (born 22 January 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Melbourne Victory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589800" title="Nabab Nandini">
Nabab Nandini

Nabab Nandini () is a 2007 Romantic Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty .The film is starring Hiran Chatterjee, Koel Mallick, Ranjit Mullick, Sandhya Ray. This movie is the debutant of Hiran Chatterjee.

</doc>
<doc id="21589801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589801" title="John Beltz">
John Beltz

John Beltz was Oldsmobile's chief engineer in 1964 and one of the prime movers of the Oldsmobile Toronado and 442 project. Beltz was promoted to Oldsmobile general manager at age 43 in 1969 when Harold N. Metzel retired. Beltz died in May 1972 from cancer at the age of 46. He was revered in the automotive industry as a visionary ahead of his time. Throughout his career, Beltz became known as much for his engineering brilliance as his charisma, his always clever sense of humor and impeccable taste in cars. According to legend, John Beltz and his staff led Oldsmobile through undoubtedly its best years and the Oldsmobiles from 1949 to 72 define Olds as the Rocket division of GM. It is said that during his time at the helm of Oldsmobile, Beltz represented Michigan and the auto industry in its purest form, when cars were king and the auto industry worker, both blue and white-collar, was the lifeblood of the state. 
Beltz was featured in the July 1969 issue of Hot Rod magazine posing with some experimental Olds versions that never saw production. 
The Car Connection notes that Beltz's best friend and Olds PR man Fritz Bennets recalls that Beltz "was a favorite of the press. Bennets recalls a press conference in the Sixties when an overly eager reporter failed to ask a question but delivered a lengthy opinion. To the delight of other writers, Beltz interrupted and said, 'if you want to make a speech, hire a hall.' Bennets felt that Beltz reacted too strongly and asked him to meet with the writer. He concurred and met with his critic over lunch.
Car & Driver Cover.
Beltz was also featured on the February 1971 cover of Car and Driver magazine (his most legendary editorial appearance), shown in the Sonoran desert at the GM Proving Grounds near Phoenix, leaning against a Toronado with his sunglasses on. In the corresponding article within the issue, the writer dubbed Beltz the ultimate "real car man" and Beltz discussed the Toronado and briefly, his other favorite Olds model, the high-performance 442. When asked why he built the Toronado, Beltz, in typical fashion, simply responded "It just makes you feel like God." 
Other notable Beltz quotes from Gordon Jennings' piece include:
Discussing his love for automotive engineering: "I just fell in love with that machinery. I still love it. Love to see it change from lines on paper to finished form. All the time I was Chief Engineer, I couldn't wait to get my hands on the first prototype of a new car. I'd look for excuses to go out there in the shops and look at cars. I still do."
"But there's a lot more to the Toronado buyer than education and income: He's a guy who has made it - and knows that he has. Basically he's not buying a car to prove anything, because he has already proven it."
Writer Gordon Jennings wrote of Beltz, "Listening to John Beltz, which was what we mostly did, because he will talk at length on the subject of Toronados with little prompting - and very lucid speech it is - we found ourselves becoming almost too favorably predisposed to like the new Toronado. In fact, a few hours with John Beltz will make anyone ready to go out and buy an Oldsmobile."
Setting the Pace.
Beltz was also discussed at length in the coffee table tome "Setting the Pace: Oldsmobiles First 100 Years" in which co-workers and friends at Olds spoke about John Beltz the man, as well as his influence on the industry during an era of "new frontiers."
Bill Murphy, who was assistant controller at Olds in the '60s described Beltz as "absolutely brilliant. He had a real sense of humor though a lot of it was biting. John had no time for people who weren't interested in their job, or working hard, keeping up to date. He had no patience for that. You had to know what the answer was or you wouldn't give it. John had a wonderful vocabulary, a great fund of stories and sparkling wit, but he was tough and didn't hesitate to call a spade a spade."
The book discusses Beltz's transition to GM of Oldsmobile in 1969, saying, "If Beltz had been well liked before, he was even more popular now - even among the press, who loved his candor and colorful language." Beltz became well known for his ability to win the hearts and minds of the press and the people.
Hurst Olds engineer Jack "Doc" Watson also discussed Beltz's likable personality, explaining, "It was so funny. Anyone who knew John Beltz knew that whatever was on his mind came right out of his mouth. One time he said, 'Doc, you're a nice young man, but I just have to tell you that we know you're buddies with General Manager John DeLorean, so he's going to get all your good stuff." 
Oldsmobile's Bob Somers recalled a meeting he attended with Beltz at the GM building in downtown Detroit, introducing the XP-90, otherwise known as the "all-plastic" car. After Beltz and Somers' presentation, the board turned the proposed project down, and Somers said, "Roche's M., chairman of the GM board at the time man gets up and he's got a flimsy overhead transparency. It's got figures I can't even read - little tiny numbers... the guy gets up there and goes whish, right through it. He gets all done and nobody knows what he said. Roche says, 'And that's why we're not going to do it.' And John says, 'Jesus Christ, not only can I not read it, I didn't understand it.' Right in front of the chairman of the board... So that was John Beltz."
The book also discusses Beltz's death in 1972, and the devastation within the Oldsmobile family over losing one of their most beloved bosses. Product delivery manager at the time of Beltz's death, Bob Richards said, "the number-one general manager. He to me was THE general manager. He was just a take-charge, take-over sort of guy. Once he said this is it, everyone knew he meant it." 
Assistant Motor Engineer at the time, Tom Leonard also discussed Beltz at the time of his death, saying "John was a super guy. He was probably the most people-oriented person I ever knew. We knew something was wrong, but nobody knew it was cancer. He kept things to himself until the end." 
Assembly Plant Superintendent Ken Ricks recalled a meeting with Beltz "Just a couple of weeks before he quit working. I got a call to come up to his office... I went in and saw him sitting behind that desk. He was saffron yellow, looking terrible. He said, 'I tried to get down to the plant to see you three or four times and I just couldn't make it. My only purpose in asking you up here is to tell you how much I appreciate your work.' And you know, that gets a guy right where it hurts. I would have rather had that than a $5000 a month raise. That's the kind of man he was."
Family.
Beltz was survived by two daughters, Johnna and Anna, and wife Loentine. Beltz's eldest daughter, Johnna Beltz-Snyder, succumbed to pancreatic cancer in 2007. Johnna is survived by two children, daughter Elizabeth and younger son John. John Snyder is now heavily immersed in the auto industry as a writer for Winding Road magazine. Beltz's daughter Anna is married to Mike Miller (mentored by Beltz in his formative years) who went on to race for Jack Roush in the SCCA professional Trans-Am series, top alcohol dragsters and open wheel cars in the Formula Atlantic series. He formed the manufacturing company Stealth Technologies & Engineering in 1989 which is now Orchid Orthopedic Solutions LLC. Mike and Anna Miller have three grown daughters, from eldest to youngest, Laurna, Emilia (Emmy) and Maryalexandra (Maryal).

</doc>
<doc id="21589804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589804" title="Elisa D'Ovidio">
Elisa D'Ovidio

Elisa D'Ovidio (born 24 February 1989) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589820" title="Emily Dunn">
Emily Dunn

Emily Dunn (born 15 May 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="21589822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589822" title="Rimsky-Korsakov Archipelago">
Rimsky-Korsakov Archipelago

Rimsky-Korsakov Archipelago (, ) is a group of six small islands and few "kekurs" (rocky islets) in Peter the Great Gulf of Sea of Japan under administration of Khasansky District. Islands are located approximately to southwest of Vladivostok.
The archipelago is uninhabited and has area of approximately 6 square kilometres. The highest point is (Stenin Island). The largest island is Bolshoy Pelis (4 km²).
Islands were discovered for Europeans by French whalers in 1851 and named "Iles pelée". Later the archipelago was named after commander of schooner "Vostok" Voin Rimsky-Korsakov.

</doc>
<doc id="21589833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589833" title="Fire Joe Morgan">
Fire Joe Morgan

Fire Joe Morgan was a sports journalism criticism blog which focused primarily on baseball. It was updated regularly from 2005 through 2008. Although sports commentator Joe Morgan was often criticized, the site did not target him exclusively, but rather criticized anything the writers considered to be ignorant journalism as a whole. The blog's slogan was "Where Bad Sports Journalism Comes to Die." The blog usually used a format known as fisking.
The website officially announced its discontinuation in November 2008. Although the website is no longer updated, its archives are still available at firejoemorgan.com. The blog had what was to be a one-day reprise on September 16, 2009, when Deadspin invited the authors to guest post. The authors guest posted again on Deadspin on September 22, 2010.
Background.
The website was founded by a group of friends in April 2005. Its sole purpose, according to Michael Schur, one of the founders, was to "make each other laugh." The website championed the statistical analysis of baseball in the tradition of Bill James, often using sabermetrics to support its arguments. Sports writers who published works misstating the concepts of the book "Moneyball" were a common target. The blog quickly grew in popularity, and was featured in an SI.com piece within its first year of existence. The site's authors initially kept their identities hidden using the pseudonyms Ken Tremendous, Junior, and Dak, but in February 2008 revealed themselves to be TV writers Michael Schur, Alan Yang, and Dave King respectively. The three met as staff members of the Harvard Lampoon and Schur and Yang both write for the television show "Parks and Recreation". As of season 4, King also works for "Parks and Recreation".
Mainstream recognition.
From 2006 on, the website grew in popularity to the point where its name could be seen in newspaper sports sections and heard on the air during sports radio broadcasts. In 2007, users of the site bustedcoverage.com voted Fire Joe Morgan the best sports blog of the year, beating sites including Deadspin and MetsBlog in the contest. Former Deadspin editor Will Leitch himself called Schur "one of his favorite sports bloggers."
Several major newspapers and magazines, including "New York Times", "The Boston Globe", and "New York Magazine" reported on the site's closing. "Sports Illustrated" named Fire Joe Morgan one of the five most influential sports blogs of the decade in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21589842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589842" title="San Buenaventura, San Pablo">
San Buenaventura, San Pablo

Barangay San Buenaventura (commonly known as Palakpakin) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the northern portion of the city and bounded by the municipality of Calauan, Laguna on north, Brgy. Sta. Maria Magdalena on west, Brgy. Sta. Catalina and Brgy. San Lorenzo on east, and Brgy. Dolores on south.
Landmarks.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21589850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589850" title="Carys Hawkins">
Carys Hawkins

Carys Hawkins (born 29 August 1988) is a Welsh football (soccer) player who plays for Sunnanå SK in the Swedish Damallsvenskan.
Since the establishment of the Australian W-League in 2008, Hawkins has represented Perth Glory during the winter seasons.
International career.
In February 2013 Hawkins was called up to the senior Wales squad for the 2013 Algarve Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21589852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21589852" title="Ninaithale Inikkum">
Ninaithale Inikkum

Ninaithale Inikkum refers to two individual Tamil language films:

</doc>
