<doc id="21445461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445461" title="Nonsynaptic plasticity">
Nonsynaptic plasticity

Nonsynaptic plasticity is a form of neuroplasticity that involves modification of ion channel function in the axon, dendrites, and cell body that results in specific changes in the integration of excitatory postsynaptic potentials (EPSPs) and inhibitory postsynaptic potentials (IPSPs). Nonsynaptic plasticity is a modification of the intrinsic excitability of the neuron. It interacts with synaptic plasticity, but it is considered a separate entity from synaptic plasticity. Intrinsic modification of the electrical properties of neurons plays a role in many aspects of plasticity from homeostatic plasticity to learning and memory itself. Nonsynaptic plasticity affects synaptic integration, subthreshold propagation, spike generation, and other fundamental mechanisms of neurons at the cellular level. These individual neuronal alterations can result in changes in higher brain function, especially learning and memory. However, as an emerging field in neuroscience, much of the knowledge about nonsynaptic plasticity is uncertain and still requires further investigation to better define its role in brain function and behavior.
Nonsynaptic vs. synaptic plasticity.
Neuroplasticity is the ability of a particular part or region of a neuron to change in strength over time. There are two largely recognized categories of plasticity: synaptic and nonsynaptic. Synaptic plasticity deals directly with the strength of the connection between two neurons, including amount of neurotransmitter released from the presynaptic neuron, and the response generated in the postsynaptic neuron. Nonsynaptic plasticity involves modification of neuronal excitability in the axon, dendrites, and soma of an individual neuron, remote from the synapse.
Synaptic plasticity.
Synaptic plasticity is the ability of a synapse between two neurons to change in strength over time. Synaptic plasticity is caused by changes in use of the synaptic pathway, namely, the frequency of synaptic potentials and the receptors used to relay chemical signals. Synaptic plasticity plays a large role in learning and memory in the brain. Synaptic plasticity can occur through intrinsic mechanisms, in which changes in synapse strength occur because of its own activity, or through extrinsic mechanisms, in which the changes in synapse strength occur via other neural pathways. Short-term inhibitory synaptic plasticity often occurs because of limited neurotransmitter supply at the synapse, and long-term inhibition can occur through decreased receptor expression in the postsynaptic cell. Short-term complementary synaptic plasticity often occurs because of residual or increased ion flow in either the presynaptic or postsynaptic terminal, while long-term synaptic plasticity can occur through the increased production of AMPA and NMDA glutamate receptors, among others, in the postsynaptic cell.
Nonsynaptic plasticity.
In comparison, nonsynaptic plasticity is a less well known and somewhat new and ongoing field of research in neuroscience. It is manifested through changes in the characteristics of nonsynaptic structures such as the soma, the axon, or the dendrites. Nonsynaptic plasticity can have short-term or long-term effects. One way these changes occur is through modification of voltage-gated channels in the dendrites and axon, which changes the interpretation of excitatory or inhibitory potentials propagated to the cell. For example, axonal nonsynaptic plasticity can be observed when an action potential fails to reach the presynaptic terminal due to low conduction or buildup of ions. 
Synergistic effects.
General excitatory effects.
Nonsynaptic and synaptic plasticity have been shown to work concurrently in a variety of ways to produce stimulating effects in the neuron. This includes spike generation, a product of nonsynaptic regulation of potassium and other presynaptic ion channels, which increase the response of the excitatory postsynaptic potential through neurotransmitter release and augmentation of the action potential. Nonsynaptic dendritic plasticity also adds to the effects of synaptic plasticity through widening of the action potential. As will be discussed further, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BNDF) is produced by neurons to coordinate nonsynaptic and synaptic plasticity. Nonsynaptic changes in the somal body, axon, or dendrites of the neuron are inextricably linked to synaptic strength.
Integration in memory and learning.
Although much more is known about the role of synaptic plasticity in memory and learning, both synaptic and nonsynaptic plasticity are essential to memory and learning in the brain. There is much evidence that the two mechanisms both work to achieve the observed effects synergistically. A key example of this is memory formation in the synapse, in which modification of presynaptic release mechanisms and postsynaptic receptors affects either long-term potentiation or depression. Continuous somal depolarization, on the other hand, has been proposed as a method for learned behavior and memory by nonsynaptic plasticity. Nonsynaptic plasticity also augments the effectiveness of synaptic memory formation by regulation of voltage-gated ion channels. Nonsynaptic plasticity is the mechanism responsible for modifications of these channels in the axon, leading to a change in strength of the neuronal action potential, invariably affecting the strength of synaptic mechanisms, and thus the depth and length of memory encoding. 
Regulation of synaptic plasticity.
Nonsynaptic plasticity also has the ability to regulate the effects of synaptic plasticity through negative feedback mechanisms. Change in the number and properties of ion channels in the axon or dendrites has the ability to diminish the effects of a hyperstimulated synapse. In the case of extreme overexcitation of these ion channels, backwards flow of ions into the cell will occur, leading to excitotoxicity and cell death by apoptosis or necrosis.
Intrinsic mechanisms.
Nonsynaptic neuronal areas such as the axon also have inherent qualities that affect the synapse. These essential mechanisms include the delay in depolarization that action potential undergoes while traveling down the axon. This intrinsic quality slows the propagation of action potentials and is due to the movement of depolarizing current down the cytoplasm and the intermittent placement of sodium channels on the Nodes of Ranvier. These mechanisms always exist, but may change depending on the conditions of the cell soma, axon, and dendrites at the time. Therefore latency, or delay in propagation of action potentials or EPSPs, can be variable. Every excitatory postsynaptic potential that is propagated to a postsynaptic cell is first transmitted through the action potential down the axon in the presynaptic cell, and thus nonsynaptic plasticity inherently affects synaptic plasticity.
Types of nonsynaptic plasticity.
Intrinsic excitability of a neuron.
The excitability of a neuron at any point depends on the internal and external conditions of the cell at the time of stimulation. Since a neuron typically receives multiple incoming signals at a time, the propagation of an action potential depends on the integration of all the incoming EPSPs and IPSPs arriving at the axon hillock. If the summation of all excitatory and inhibitory signals depolarize the cell membrane to the threshold voltage, an action potential is fired. Changing the intrinsic excitability of a neuron will change that neuron's function.
Spike generation.
Nonsynaptic plasticity has an excitatory effect on the generation of spikes. The increase in spike generation has been correlated with a decrease in the spike threshold, a response from nonsynaptic plasticity. This response can result from the modulation of certain presynaptic K+ (potassium ion) currents (IA,IK,Ca, and IKs), which work to increase the excitability of the sensory neurons, broaden the action potential, and enhance neurotransmitter release. These modulations of K+ conductances serve as common mechanisms for regulating excitability and synaptic strength.
Regulation of synaptic plasticity.
Nonsynaptic plasticity has been linked with synaptic plasticity, via both synergistic and regulatory mechanisms. The degree of synaptic modification determines the polarity of nonsynaptic changes, affecting the change in cellular excitability. Moderate levels of synaptic plasticity produce nonsynaptic changes that will synergistically act with the synaptic mechanisms to strengthen a response. Conversely, more robust levels of synaptic plasticity will produce nonsynaptic responses that will act as a negative feedback mechanism. The negative feedback mechanisms work to protect against saturation or suppression of the circuit activity as a whole.
Axonal modulation.
Axonal modulation is a type of plasticity in which the number, activity, or location of ion-channels in the axon changes. This causes the neuron to behave differently when stimulated. The modulation of ion-channels is a response to a change in the stimulation frequencies of a neuron.
Propagation plasticity.
Because it is the summation of the action potentials that eventually results in the threshold polarization being crossed, the temporal relationship of different input signals is very important in determining if and when a post-synaptic neuron will fire. Over time, the time it takes an action potential to propagate down the length of a particular axon can change. In one experiment multielectrode arrays were used to measure the time it took for action potentials to travel from one electrode to another, called latency. The neurons were then stimulated and the value of the latency was recorded over time. The latency values changed over time, suggesting that axonal plasticity influenced the propagation of action potentials.
Shunting.
Shunting is a process in which axon ion-channels open during the passive flow (not requiring an ion pump) of a subthreshold depolarization down the axon. Usually occurring at axonal branch points, the timing of these channels opening as the subthreshold signal arrives in the area causes a hyperpolarization to be introduced to the passively flowing depolarization. Therefore, the cell is able to control which branches of the axon the subthreshold depolarization current flows through, resulting in some branches of the axon being more hyperpolarized than others. These differing membrane potentials cause certain areas of the neuron to be more excitable than others, based on the specific location and occurrence of shunting.
High frequency stimulation.
Short-term effects:
High frequency stimulation of a neuron for a short period of time increases the excitability of the neuron by lowering the amount of voltage required to fire an action potential.
High frequency stimulation leads to an increase in the intracellular concentration of sodium and calcium ions due to the repeated opening of voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels in the axon and terminal. As the frequency of stimuli increases, there is less time between each stimulus for the cell to repolarize and return to normal resting potential. Therefore, the resting potential becomes more depolarized, meaning a smaller depolarizing current is needed to fire an action potential.
However, this modulation is usually very short lived. If the stimulation ceases, the neuron will revert to its original resting potential as the ion-channels and pumps have ample time to recover from the last stimulus.
Long-term effects:
High frequency stimulation of a neuron over a long period of time causes two resulting neuronal changes. Initially, the neuron responds as it would during short-term stimulation, with an increase in excitability. Continuing the high frequency stimulation after this point, results in a drastic, non-reversible change in excitability. When sodium concentrations reach a high enough level in the axon, sodium/calcium pumps reverse their direction of flow, causing calcium to be imported into the cell as sodium is exported out. The increased calcium concentration (and subsequent depolarization of the membrane) inactivates sodium channels and targets them for endocytosis and lysosomal hydrolysis.
This results in a major decrease in axonal sodium channels, which are necessary for action potential propagation. If the stimulation continues, eventually the neuron will stop transmitting action potentials and will die. Neuronal death due to overstimulation is called excitotoxicity.
Low frequency stimulation.
Short-term effects:
All living neurons have a basal rate of action potential propagation and synaptic release. Thus, low frequency stimulation of a neuron in the short term is similar to the activity of a neuron at rest in the brain. No major changes happen to the intrinsic excitability of the neuron.
Long-term effects:
Low frequency stimulation of a neuron for a long period of time decreases the excitability of the neuron by activating calcium-dependent phosphatases that tag AMPA receptors for internalization. Low frequency stimulation leads to low levels of calcium in the cell. When calcium concentrations are low, active calcium-dependent phosphatases dominate over calcium-dependent kinases. As more phosphatases are activated, they tag more AMPA receptors for internalization through endocytosis. Since AMPA receptors are one of the main excitatory receptors on neurons, removing them from the cell membrane effectively depresses the cell (if the cell cannot react to excitatory signals, it cannot generate an action potential of its own). In this way low frequency stimulation can actually reverse the effects of long-term potentiation, however these concepts are generally considered types of synaptic plasticity.
Homeostatic plasticity.
Central nervous system (CNS) neurons integrate signals from many neurons. In the short term, it is important to have changes in activity of the neuron because this is how information is conveyed in the nervous system. However, for long-term sustainability, drift towards excitability or inexcitability will disturb the circuit's ability to convey information. Long-term potentiation (LTP) induces a higher firing rate in post synaptic neurons. Without a homeostatic mechanism, this would result in downstream saturation and all information would be lost. If a neuron could achieve any firing rate, saturation would not be an issue, but firing rates are bounded at zero and a maximal rate of firing. The entire dynamic range (0-maximum) of a neuron's firing rates should be used to encode information. Ideally, the intrinsic properties of a neuron should be arranged to make the most of the dynamic range, acting as a homeostatic mechanism. In vitro studies have found that when the spontaneous activity of neuronal cultures is inhibited, the neurons become hyper excitable and that when an increase in activity is induced for long periods, the firing rates of the culture drop.
Mechanism.
One mechanism for preserving the dynamic range of a neuron is synaptic scaling, the homeostatic form of plasticity that restores neuronal activity to its normal 'baseline' levels by changing the postsynaptic response of all the synapses of a neuron as a function of activity. This means that the same scaling is done to each synapse, to either strengthen or weaken all of a neuron’s connections. Scaling can be multiplicative (multiplying or dividing the strength of each synapse by a constant number) or additive (adding or subtracting the same value from the synaptic weight). Homeostatic mechanisms go beyond the synapse. Modulation of the intrinsic excitability of a neuron is a way to maintain stability despite changing numbers and strengths of synapses. Cultured cortical pyramidal neurons maintain stability through the regulation of ionic conductances. The regulation of ionic conductances is achieved through the controlled release of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). BDNF has also been found to influence synaptic scaling, suggesting that this neurotrophic factor may be responsible for the coordination of synaptic and nonsynaptic mechanisms in homeostatic plasticity.
Development.
In early development, spontaneous activity in the brain helps connections form which may aid function in the real world. During development there is frequent remodeling of connections in the brain. This is true in the very young brain as well. The brain prunes its connections early in life, keeping the ones that are helpful and eliminating others. All of these changes in connectivity, cause fluctuations in neuronal activity. As the brain forms and removes connections, homeostatic mechanisms are important to help maintain stability.
Dendritic excitability.
The dendrites are the regions responsible for the integration of the inputs from other neurons. One way that neurons manipulate the integration properties of the dendrites is by changing the number and properties of voltage gated ion channels. Inducing Long-term potentiation (LTP) in a particular synapse, results in an increase in excitability of the dendritic branches specific to that synapse. Dendritic excitability is important for the propagation and integration of synaptic signals. Dendritic excitability is thought to contribute to E-S potentiation, or an increase in the probability that a given input will result in the firing of an action potential.
It is known that changes in dendritic excitability affect action potential back propagation. Action potentials begin near the axon hillock and propagate down the length of the axon, but they also propagate backward through the soma into the dendritic arbor. Active back propagation is dependent on ion channels and changing the densities or properties of these channels can influence the degree to which the signal is attenuated. Plasticity of back-propagation in the dendrites occurs in less than one minute and lasts longer than 25 minutes. Back propagation is a method of signaling to the synapses that an action potential was fired. This is important for spike-timing-dependent plasticity.
Higher brain function.
Long-term associative memory.
Experimental evidence.
The experiment of Kemenes "et al." demonstrated that in an extrinsic modulatory neuron, nonsynaptic plasticity influences the expression of long-term associative memory. The relationship between nonsynaptic plasticity and memory was assessed using cerebral giant cells (CGCs). Depolarization from conditioned stimuli increased the neuronal network response. This depolarization lasted as long as the long-term memory. Persistent depolarization and behavioral memory expression occurred more than 24 hours after training, indicating long-term effects. In this experiment, the electrophysiological expression of the long-term memory trace was a conditioned stimulus induced feeding response. CGCs were significantly more depolarized in the trained organisms than the control group, indicating association with learning and excitability changes. When CGCs were depolarized, they showed an increased response to the conditional stimuli and a stronger fictive feeding response. This demonstrated that the depolarization is enough to produce a significant feeding response to the conditioned stimuli. Additionally, no significant difference was observed in the feeding rates between conditioned organisms and ones that were artificially depolarized, reaffirming that depolarization is sufficient to generate the behavior associated with long-term memory.
Memory storage.
Nonsynaptic activity in the cell is usually expressed as changes in neuronal excitability. This occurs through modulation of membrane components, such as resting and voltage-gated channels and ion pumps. Nonsynaptic processes are thought to be involved in memory storage. One possible mechanism of this action involves marking a neuron that has been recently active with changes in excitability. This would help to link temporally separated stimuli. Another potential mechanism comes from a computational model that indicates that nonsynaptic plasticity may prime circuits for modification in learning because excitability changes may regulate the threshold for synaptic plasticity.
The storage capacity of synaptic based memory storage systems is very large, making it an attractive mechanism to study. There are approximately 104 synapses per neuron and 1011 neurons in the human brain. Nonsynaptic plasticity is often overlooked simply because its storage capacity is not as high. Regulating the density of ion channels in the axon and soma of a neuron would change the throughput and affect all of the synapses. Therefore, its storage capacity would be significantly less than that of synaptic plasticity.
While its storage capacity is too low to make it the sole mechanism for storage, nonsynaptic plasticity could contribute to synaptic storage methods. It has been shown that the modulation of ion channels can occur in regions as small as specific dendrites. This specificity makes the storage capacity of nonsynaptic plasticity larger than if it were taken to be whole neuron modulation. Procedural memories are a good fit for this type of storage system because they do not require the high specificity that declarative memories do. Generalization of motor tasks and conditioned stimuli could be an efficient way to store this information.
Learning.
Changes in excitability from learning that act as part of the memory trace do so as primers to initiate further changes in the neurons or by a short-term storage mechanism for short-term memory. Nonsynaptic plasticity can emerge during learning as a result of cellular processes, although the timing, persistence, and the relationship between nonsynaptic plasticity and synaptic output are all poorly understood. Studies have shown that nonsynaptic plasticity plays an indirect but important role in the formation of memories. Learning-induced nonsynaptic plasticity is associated with soma depolarization.
Classical conditioning.
Experiments have revealed that nonsynaptic changes take place during conditional learning.Woody "et al." demonstrated that eyeblink conditioning (EBC), a form of classical conditioning for studying neural structures and mechanisms underlying learning and memory, in a cat is associated with increased excitability and input in the neurons in sensorimotor cortical areas and in the facial nucleus. It was observed that increasing excitability from classical conditioning continued after the response stopped. This suggests that increased excitability may function as a mechanism for memory storage.
In eyeblink conditioning in rabbits, nonsynaptic changes occurred throughout the dorsal hippocampus. This indicates that although excitability changes alone are not enough to explain memory storage processes, nonsynaptic plasticity might be a storage mechanism for phases of memory limited by time. Nonsynaptic changes influence other types of plasticity involved with memory. For example, a nonsynaptic change such as depolarization of the resting membrane potential resulting from conditional learning could cause synaptic plasticity in future learning.
Rule learning and savings.
The ability to learn rules is dependent on nonsynaptic plasticity. One study sought to teach rats to discriminate between various odors, and it took several days to teach them to distinguish between a first pair of smells. However, after learning this, the rat was able to learn to distinguish between different odors much faster. Changes in excitability of the pyramidal neurons in these rats were observed for three days after training. These changes faded eventually, suggesting that the neurons were involved in learning the rules, not in storing memory. Daoudal and Debanne attempted to determine if the same learning rules and induction mechanisms defined for synaptic plasticity also applied to nonsynaptic plasticity affecting ion channels. They determined that nonsynaptic and synaptic plasticity share common learning rules and induction pathways, e.g., NMDA receptor dependent long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD). They also showed that nonsynaptic and synaptic plasticity synergistically form a coherent engram to store memory traces.
Savings is the ability to relearn forgotten information much faster than it was learned originally. Nonsynaptic plasticity is a possible mechanism for this savings effect. During training procedures many neurons experience an increase in intrinsic excitability. This increase in excitability persists even after the memory fades.
Substance Dependence.
Drugs of abuse typically affect the mesolimbic system, or more specifically, the reward pathway of the nervous system. Amongst the common drugs of abuse, nicotine is one of the strongest agonists at the nicotinic cholinergic synapse. Nicotine, competing with acetylcholine (ACh), acts through the nonsynaptic, preterminal, nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChRs) to initiate a membrane potential change and propagate an intracellular Ca2+ signal, thus encouraging the release of neurotransmitters. The specific and characteristic role of calcium current mediated nAChR activity has a different voltage-dependence than other Ca2+ permeable ion channels, as well as different temporal and spatial distribution and as a result, the nonsynaptic nAChR activity enhances the induction of synaptic potentiation, promoting the learning of substance dependence.
Applications to disease.
After damage.
Nonsynaptic plasticity, can function to alleviate the effects of brain damage. When one of the vestibular nerves is damaged, disparity in the firing rates of neurons in the vestibular nuclei causes unnecessary vestibular reflexes. The symptoms of this damage fade over time. This is likely due to modifications of intrinsic excitability in the neurons of the vestibular nucleus.
Seizure activity.
Nonsynaptic plasticity also plays a key role in seizure activity. Febrile seizures, seizures due to fever early in life, can lead to increased excitability of hippocampal neurons. These neurons become highly sensitized to convulsant agents. It has been shown that seizures early in life can predispose one to more seizures through nonsynaptic mechanisms.
Trauma, including stroke that results in cortical injury, often results in epilepsy. Increased excitability and NMDA conductances result in epileptic activity, suggesting that nonsynaptic plasticity may be the mechanism through which epilepsy is induced after trauma.
Autism.
Valproic Acid (VPA) is a treatment for epilepsy, migraines, and bipolar disorder that has been linked to many conditions including autism. An animal model of autism exists in which pregnant rats are given VPA. The offspring have traits similar to those of humans with autism. Shortly after birth, these animals exhibit decreased excitability and increased NMDA currents. These effects are corrected at later stages in life. The changes in intrinsic excitability in these animals helped to offset the effects of increased NMDA currents on network activity, a form of homeostatic plasticity. It is believed that this helps mediate the detrimental effects that the increased NMDA currents would have.
Current and future research.
Additional research is needed to obtain a broader understanding of nonsynaptic plasticity. Topics that should be further explored include:

</doc>
<doc id="21445471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445471" title="1992 America's Cup">
1992 America's Cup

The 28th America's Cup was contested between the winner of the 1992 Citizen Cup defender selection series, America³, and the winner of the 1992 Louis Vuitton Cup challenger selection series, Il Moro di Venezia.

</doc>
<doc id="21445500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445500" title="Somali passport">
Somali passport

The Somali passport is a passport issued to citizens of Somalia for international travel.
Overview.
Somalia's former socialist government originally used to issue a non-biometric "Green Passport". This travel document still remained in use after the collapse of former President Siad Barre's regime.
In response to widespread counterfeit Somali passports that subsequently flooded the black market, the Transitional National Government opened a new office in the 2000s to issue official state-approved passports. According to then Foreign Affairs Minister Muhammad Mahmud Shiil, the government would continue issuing old Somali passports, "but with a new dry seal that cannot be duplicated or faked[...] we have advised Somali businessmen in Mogadishu to bring in their old passports so they can be stamped with the new seal."
Since 2007, the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) of Somalia has issued an e-passport to comply with stricter international rules.
In November 2010, the TFG opened a new passport-making facility in Mogadishu, the nation's capital. Printing of the travel documents had previously been conducted in the United Arab Emirates, which reportedly engendered a backlog in passport issuance. The repatriated printing facilities are believed to offer a more responsive passport delivery process. Officially issued by the Somali Immigration Department, the passports now contain built-in security features comparable with other countries.
In September 2011, the Transitional Federal Government officially banned use of Somalia's old Green Passport. According to Somali Immigration Officer, General Abdulaahi Gaafow Mohamoud, the identification document would no longer be accepted for business trips or travel by the end of the month. He added that the Green Passport would be replaced with a new blue model of e-passports that are particularly difficult to forge.
In December 2013, the Federal Government officially launched Somalia's new e-passport. Part of a broader initiative to strengthen security, the passport will be issued by the Ministry of Interior's Department of Immigration. Citizens are eligible for the e-passport upon production of government-issued national identity documents and birth certificates.

</doc>
<doc id="21445516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445516" title="Bishopric of Chiemsee">
Bishopric of Chiemsee

The Bishopric of Chiemsee was a Roman Catholic diocese. While based on the islands of the Chiemsee in Bavaria, Germany, most of its territory lay in the County of Tyrol, Austria. The bishopric was abolished in 1808. and sine 2009 is listed among the titular sees of the Catholic Church.
Establishment.
The Bishopric of Chiemsee was established by the Archbishop of Salzburg, Eberhard II of Regensberg, on the islands of the Chiemsee in 1215. It followed the precedent set by his predecessor Gebhard, who had established the Bishopric of Gurk in 1072. This system of founding quite small suffragan dioceses was to be completed by the setting up of the bishoprics of Seckau in 1218 and Lavant in 1225. It was caused by the fact, that, after a large increase in size, stretching its borders from the Inn river in Bavaria to the Hungarian border, the archdiocese of Salzburg became hard to govern. Both the Holy Roman Emperor and the Pope gave their consent and support to the establishment of the bishopric in 1213.
Structure.
All bishops of Chiemsee were selected by the Archbishops, for the bishops were the most important supporters of the archbishops. The bishops usually served as auxiliary bishops or fulfilled other duties for the archbishops. Locally the ruling of the bishopric rested mostly with the archdeacons who, supported by the Dukes of Bavaria, prevented the bishops from residing in the bishopric. Therefore the Bishops never became prince-bishops of the Empire, unlike most other ecclesiarchs. Thus the bishopric should not be considered as a state of the Holy Roman Empire, but as a territory within the state of the archbishopric. Accordingly, the bishops held a seat in the archbishoprics diet.
At first, the nuns monastery of Frauenchiemsee was to be the seat of the bishopric, but subsequently, the monks monastery church of the nearbyBenedictine Abbey of Herrenchiemsee was chosen to be the diocesan cathedral. In fact, the seat of the bishopric was the so-called "Chiemseehof" in the city of Salzburg. This building nowadays is used by the parliament and the government of the State of Salzburg.
The bishopric was rather small, consisting of 10 parishes when it was created, and finally 11in 1804, mostly consisting of exclaves in the vicinity of St. Johann in Tirol.
The best known bishop was Berthold Pürstinger (1508 - 1525) who twice used his influence to save innocent people from (the town-councillors in 1511, and the peasants in 1524); after retiring from office became a noted humanist.
Abolition.
Together with the secularisation of the archbishopric in 1803, the bishopric also lost its territorial function. In 1808 the diocese was abolished after the last bishop waived his rights. Temporarily under the rule of the Ordinariate of the Bishopric of Freising, the Austrian parts returned to Salzburg and were added to the Bishopric of Brixen in 1817/18, the rest becoming regular part of newly renamed Archbishopric of Munich-Freising.

</doc>
<doc id="21445559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445559" title="Brooks (group)">
Brooks (group)

Brooks was a London-based pop vocal group formed in the late 1970s. The group is noteworthy since two of its members went on to have successful musical careers, independently of each other: Mike Nolan, of Bucks Fizz, and Chris Hamill, a.k.a. Limahl, of Kajagoogoo.
The group was put together in 1976 by manager Freya Miller and husband Peter Pereira. Miller had previously worked with The New Seekers, and Pereira had been a member of Co-Co. They recruited singers Nolan, Hamill, and Ricky Gallahad through ads in "The Melody Maker" and "The Stage", to complete the line-up.
In 1978 Hamill was replaced by John Humphreys. Shortly after, the group signed a contract with Polydor Records. Tony Eyers, who had worked with the group 5000 Volts, was hired as producer. The first single, released in 1979, was "The Sound of Your Love", with Pereira singing the lead. Nolan's voice was featured in the second single, "Cry (Till My Eyes Run Dry)". Both singles were arranged by Steve Gray. Despite television appearances on ITV's "The Saturday Morning Show", "The Dick Emery Show", and the BBC's "Lena Zavaroni and Music", neither of the group's first singles made an entry into the pop charts.
Roger Greenaway took over as producer for the group in late 1979. Greenaway had written a string of hits with Roger Cook, including "Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress" and "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing." Brooks' next single was "What a Great Night For Making Love", a Greenaway/Barry Mason composition. The BBC expressed reservations over the title and lyrics, so the single was re-recorded as "What a Great Night for "Falling" in Love". Once again, Nolan sang the lead. By 1980, singer Gallahad had been replaced by Ben Ellison. 
The group released two more singles written and produced by Greenaway; "Don't You Know a Lady (When You See One)?", featuring Nolan, and "We Are United", with Humphreys taking the lead. The single "Don't You Know a Lady", is notable, as it had been previously been released, by former Sweet lead singer, Brian Connolly. In the end, neither artist made much progress with it, in the charts. 
During this time, the group continued to promote themselves with television and radio appearance. The members appeared individually on the covers of "Oh Boy!" magazine. In 1980, the group travelled to Yugoslavia as the U.K. entry in the Ljubljana '80 song festival, which was telecast over most of Europe. Despite these efforts, none of the group's later singles fared any better than their previous offerings, when it came to breaking into the charts.
After considerable investment, and two years without a hit, Polydor declined to take up the options on their contract. Miller's interest in Brooks waned after she split with Pereira, and began managing Shakin' Stevens. The members had little in common musically or personally, and without their contractual obligations holding them together, there was nothing left.
As mentioned previously, Mike Nolan went on to success with Bucks Fizz, winning the Eurovision Song Contest in 1981, with "Making Your Mind Up". Chris Hamill, transformed into Limahl, had a huge hit with "Too Shy", with Kajagoogoo in 1983, as well as with his solo record "The NeverEnding Story", the theme song to the film of the same name. Ben Ellison returned to his acting career, appearing on stage and television, and in film. His best-known work is his lead role in the 1989 film "Looking for Langston". John Humphreys performed at folk clubs and on radio with "Home and Colonial" before returning to his native Canada in 1981.
Discography.
Singles: (all released on Polydor Records)

</doc>
<doc id="21445570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445570" title="Electoral district of Balmain South">
Electoral district of Balmain South

Balmain South was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1894 to 1901, when it was reabsorbed into the district of Balmain.

</doc>
<doc id="21445587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445587" title="Isenburg-Limburg">
Isenburg-Limburg

The Countship of Isenburg-Limburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire in the 13th and 14th centuries, based around the city of Limburg an der Lahn in modern Hesse, Germany.
House of Limburg.
The short-lived House of Limburg (or House of Isenburg-Limburg) was a collateral line of the House of Isenburg. From the House of Limburg came several canons in Cologne and Trier. The House of Limburg also had familial relationships to the Houses of Nassau and Westerburg in addition to the other lines of the House of Isenburg.
Territory and rights of the Lordship of Limburg.
The core of the territory was the town of Limburg an der Lahn and the Vogtship of St. George's Cathedral in Limburg. It also included the villages of Elz, Neesbach (a part of present-day Hünfelden), Oberbrechen and Werschau (both now parts of Brechen), and the Werode Zent. Along with it went the Lordship of Cleeberg, including the places Cleeberg, Oberkleen, and Ebergöns (all now part of Langgöns), Brandoberndorf (now part of Waldsolms), and a share of Schloss Schaumburg (in Balduinstein). The Lordship of Cleeberg and the share in Schaumburg, however, were later given away as a dowry.
The feudal lords of the Countship of Limburg were the Landgraviate of Hesse, Archbishopric of Mainz, and the Holy Roman Empire, each owning a third.
Limburg Castle was the residence of the Counts of Limburg, who built the majority of the structures still extant today. Gerlach I was probably the builder of the residential tower. In 1379 a fire burned parts of the castle. In 1400 John II built the southern two-story hall.
The rulers of the house were buried in the Cathedral in Limburg. Construction of the cathedral had begun in 1212, and was completed by the counts in 1232. It remains the city church today. The town's Franciscan monastery was founded under Gerlach IV. John I of Limburg built St. Peter's Chapel between 1289 and 1298.
History.
The Lordship of Limburg passed to the House of Isenburg between 1219 and 1221 as an inheritance through the male line of the extinct House of Leiningen. Gerlach IV of Isenburg who succeeded, with his brother Henry II, their father Count Henry I of Isenburg-Grenzau between 1220 and 1227, chose Limburg as his residence. He took the title Lord of Limburg in 1248. On May 22, 1258, Gerlach and Henry divided the inheritance between themselves. Gerlach won sole possession of the city of Limburg and took the title Gelach I, Count of Limburg.
The relationship between the Counts of Limburg and the citizenry of the city was tense. In 1279 the citizens expelled Gerlach I from the city. After negotiations, he was able to return to his castle, but he had to grant the citizenry far-reaching freedoms. In 1288, Gerlach participated together with Nassau and Westerburg at the Battle of Worringen on the side of the Archbishop of Cologne, Siegfried II of Westerburg.
The dynasty of the House of Limburg was active on behalf of the German kings. In particular, John I worked from 1292 to 1298 for his brother-in-law, King Adolf of Nassau, who was married to John’s sister Imagina of Isenburg-Limburg. Despite his participation in the Battle of Göllheim on the side of King Adolf, he was later able to gain the favor of Adolf’s opponent and successor, King Albert of Habsburg.
The city of Limburg an der Lahn was strategically important due to its location on the main trade route from Cologne to Frankfurt. This led to frequent conflicts with neighbouring lordships and made the city a target of robber-barons. As a result the city was heavily fortified by the Counts of Limburg. Towers were built around the city in 1315. In 1343 walls and a moat were added to surround the town.
Under Gerlach II, the city of Limburg achieved its highest medieval flowering. The chronicler Tilemann Elhen von Wolfhagen writes in his chronicle of Limburg before 1402 that, before the plague, the city could summon over 2,000 weapons-capable citizens. Gerlach constructed the stone bridge over the Lahn and laid out suburbs in front of the Dietz and Frankfurt Gates and the approach to the bridge. With a fire in 1342 and the first wave of the Black Death in 1349, however, began its economic decline.
In 1344 half of the castle, town and lordship was pledged to Baldwin of Luxembourg, Archbishop of Trier. In 1374 Limburg’s imperial sovereignty also fell to Trier.
In 1365, Gerlach III died in the plague without male heirs. With the permission of Pope Urban V, his brother John put aside the office of Canon of Trier Cathedral and took over the rule of Limburg as John II. John II died in 1406 as the last male representative of the House of Limburg. The Archbishopric of Trier finally took over the city and the whole of the Lordship of Limburg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445593" title="Gerlach IV of Isenburg-Limburg">
Gerlach IV of Isenburg-Limburg

Gerlach IV of Isenburg-Limburg (died 1289), also known as Gerlach I of Limburg, was from 1258 Count of (Isenburg-)Limburg, ruling over the town of Limburg an der Lahn and some villages in its hinterlands. He was the founder of the short-lived House of Limburg.
Life.
Gerlach was the son of Henry ("Heinrich") I of Isenburg-Grenzau and his wife, Irmingard of Büdingen, Countess of Cleeberg (now part of Langgöns). Gerlach was a namesake of a senior Gerlach of Isenburg who served as Vogt of the Archbishopric of Trier from c. 1130 to 1147.
After the death of his father, Henry I, in ca. 1227, Gerlach reigned jointly with his brother Henry II over the paternal inheritance. From 1247, Gerlach took the title of “Lord of Limburg.” On May 22, 1258 the division of the inheritance was finally sealed: Gerlach won the dominion of Limburg and Henry II the Countship of Isenburg-Grenzau as their sole possessions.
From a trip to Italy in 1231, Gerlach brought monks of the Franciscan Order to whom he gave permission to construct a monastery in Limburg. This makes it one of the oldest Franciscan monasteries in Germany (the first being at Augsburg in 1221). The monastery was later endowed by the House of Limburg.
As the Lord of Limburg, Gerlach joined the opponents of the Hohenstaufen. He was probably involved in the looting of Worms in 1243/44. After the Great Interregnum (1254–1273), Gerlach supported King Rudolph of Habsburg. In 1276, he was commissioned by the king to confirm the Counts of Diez in their imperial fief.
In 1279, there was an uprising of the citizens of the town of Limburg, and Gerlach was expelled from the city. After negotiations, he was able to return to his castle in Limburg, but he had to grant the citizenry far-reaching freedoms.These freedoms included a pause in the collection of taxes and self-jurisdiction of marriages and housing. In the case of a dispute between the House of Limburg and the city, it would be decided by the jury of the City of Frankfurt. Upon his return, Gerlach expanded Limburg Castle, building the residential tower which is still extant today.
To secure his position, Gerlach sought dynastic connections with neighboring lordly houses, including Nassau, Westerburg, and Diez. His daughter Agnes married Henry I of Westerburg in 1267. Around the year 1270, his daughter Imagina married Count (and later King) Adolf of Nassau. By Adolf of Nassau, Gerlach was appointed Burgmann of the Imperial Castle of Kalsmunt in Wetzlar in 1287. On June 5, 1288 Gerlach, together with Adolf of Nassau and Henry of Westerburg, participated in the Battle of Worringen. They supported Henry of Westerburg's brother, Siegfried, the Archbishop of Cologne. Siegfried’s defeat in the battle had no significant consequences for Gerlach.
Gerlach I of Limburg died in 1289 during his participation in a campaign of King Rudolph in the Black Forest. He was succeeded by his son, John I.
Marriage and descendants.
Gerlach married Imagina of Blieskastel (died 1281). The couple had at least five children:

</doc>
<doc id="21445595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445595" title="John I of Isenburg-Limburg">
John I of Isenburg-Limburg

John I of Isenburg-Limburg, "The blind Lord" (died September 29, 1312) was from 1289 Count of (Isenburg-) Limburg and the head of the House of Limburg. The core territory of the Lordship of Limburg consisted of the city of Limburg an der Lahn and several surrounding villages.
In the City Chronicle of Limburg by Tilemann Elhen von Wolfhagen, written before 1402, John was referred to as the "Blind Lord." What is this name means, however, is unclear, because no sources refer to John being physically blind. Probably John had an eye disease in his old age and was thereby visually impaired.
Life.
John’s father, Gerlach I of Limburg, had founded the House of Limburg and sought to secure dynastic connections with neighboring noble families. John’s sister Imagina was married with the Count, later King of Germany, Adolf of Nassau. His second sister Agnes was married to Henry of Westerburg, the brother of the Siegfried II of Westerburg, the Archbishop of Cologne.
In 1288 John participated in the Battle of Worringen on the side of Siegfried of Westerburg. After the death of his father in the Black Forest on a military campaign of King Rudolph I of Habsburg, John inherited Lordship of Limburg.
John maintained a particularly close relationship to his brother-in-law, Adolf of Nassau. He served as godparent for Adolf's children. After Adolf’s election as king, John was a regular and active supporter and rose to become one of his advisors. He sealed the 1292 pledge of the imperial portion of the city of Limburg to the Archbishopric of Cologne. In the following years, he repeatedly sealed deeds of the king, and sealed the document as a witness for King Edward I of England in his agreement with Adolf. John was delegated to arrange the marriage between Adolf’s son Robert of Nassau and Agnes, the daughter of the King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia. He was also involved in concluding of the marriage contract between Duke Rudolph I of Upper Bavaria and Matilda ("Mechtilde") of Nassau (King Adolf's daughter).
On July 2, 1298 John participated in the Battle of Göllheim on the side of Adolf of Nassau. Nevertheless, after the battle, he was able to win the favor of Adolf’s opponent, the new King Albert I of Habsburg. In 1303, Albert commissioned him to look for fiefs that had been wrongly taken from the empire and recover them.
The children of Otto I of Nassau designated John to act as arbitrator in the division of Otto’s inheritance in 1308.
John also worked diligently in his town of Limburg. Near the beginning of his reign, after a great fire destroyed the entire city of Limburg on May 14, 1289, John led a successful reconstruction effort. Already by around 1300 the city had outgrown its walls. John was probably responsible for the construction of the bridge over the Lahn at Limburg, the construction of the church of the Franciscan Monastery, and the founding of the Wilhelmiten monastery. Even the construction of St. Peter's Chapel in Limburg Castle goes back to him.
John died on September 29, 1312. He was buried in the Franciscan church of Limburg. His grave stone is still preserved today.
Marriages and Children.
John was married twice and it is unclear which children should be assigned to each marriage. His first marriage was to Elizabeth of Gerolseck (near Strasbourg). With her he probably had the following children:
His second marriage was to Uda of Ravensberg. This marriage probably accounted for the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21445603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445603" title="Gerlach V of Isenburg-Limburg">
Gerlach V of Isenburg-Limburg

Gerlach V of Isenburg-Limburg (died April 14, 1355), also called Gerlach II "the Elder" of Limburg, was Count of Isenburg-Limburg. He reigned between 1312 and 1355 as Lord of Limburg an der Lahn, and the head of the House of Limburg. The chronicler Tilemann Elhen von Wolfhagen describes him, in his pre-1402 Limburger Chronicle, as a virtuous nobleman and a bright poet in German and Latin.
Life.
Gerlach V's reign began on the death of his father John I in 1312. Under Gerlach II, the city of Limburg an der Lahn achieved its highest medieval flowering. The chronicler Tilemann Elhen reported that, at the height of its prosperity, the city could summon over 2,000 weapons-capable citizens.
Because of the marriage policies of his predecessors, Gerlach could rely on family relationships with most of the noble families in the vicinity. Gerlach acted as an arbitrator in several disputes between neighboring noble families. He was, like his father, chairman of the arbitrating body of the Ottonian line of the House of Nassau. In 1329 he also mediated a settlement between Gerlach I of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein-Weilburg and William of Katzenelnbogen. The following year, he issued an arbitral award between William and John II of Katzenelnbogen. In 1331 Gerlach joined the "Landfriedensbündnis" (country peace alliance) of the Archbishop of Trier, Baldwin of Luxembourg. In 1339, he mediated a settlement between Gottfried of Diez and the House of Nassau.
The city of Limburg was strategically important due to its location on the main trade route from Cologne to Frankfurt. This led to frequent conflicts with neighbouring lordships and made the city a target of robber barons. As a result the city was heavily fortified by the Counts of Limburg. In 1315, near the beginning of his reign, Gerlach built towers around the city. He laid out suburbs in front of the Diez and Frankfurt Gates and the approach to the bridge. The suburbs of Limburg extended beyond the limits of his dominion, leading to regular disputes with the neighboring Counts of Diez.
Under Gerlach’s administration, numerous construction projects, some of them started by his father, were completed in Limburg. These included the stone bridge over the Lahn River (1315) and the new church of the Franciscan monastery (1320, today the city church). He allowed the Williamite monastery founded on the island in the Lahn in 1312 to relocate in 1317 to a new building in the suburb in front of the Diez Gate. He also founded the Holy Spirit Hospital in the bridge-area suburb. The construction utilized forced labor from the farmers of Gerlach’s villages. The projects exceeded the financial capacity of the Lordship of Limburg, and Gerlach had to repeatedly borrow money from Limburg merchants.
In 1337, Gerlach expelled the Jews from Limburg. They were allowed to settle in the city again only after an order by Emperor Louis IV in 1341. In the same year, in response to a request by Gerlach, Louis' rival, King Charles IV, authorized the City of Limburg to collect bridge tolls.
A fire in 1342 and the first wave of the Black Death in 1349 began Limburg’s economic decline. The great fire of 1342 destroyed the greater part of the city. In the reconstruction, the city walls were extended around the suburb outside the Diez Gate, to offer more protection in a feud with the Counts of Diez. A moat was also added. The costs of the rebuilding effort after the fire and the cost of the feud ultimately exceeded the financial capacity of Gerlach, so that he had to pledge half of his realm of Archbishop Baldwin of Trier in 1344. At the beginning of 1346, he also pledged the second half to Baldwin.
War broke out when Charles IV was elected King of Germany in the place of Emperor Louis IV in July 1346. Archbishop Baldwin supported Charles, while Gerlach belonged to the supporters of Emperor Louis. In return for Gerlach’s services, the emperor issued a comprehensive letter of freedom for the town of Limburg in 1346, and granted Gerlach 20,000 pounds heller.
The fighting eventually spread to the Lahn Valley. Reinhard I of Westerburg, a supporter of Ludwig, had captured Grenzau Castle from Trier and on April 20, 1347 a relief army sent by Baldwin attacked from the rear. In the battle nearly 200 soldiers were killed, before Reinhard, followed by knights of Trier, escaped to Limburg Castle. Baldwin requested Gerlach to open the castle so he could arrest Reinhard. Baldwin pointed out that according to the pledge of his castle Gerlach had a sworn obligation to do so. Gerlach said he would legally examine the matter. On the day of judgment, about 800 soldiers from Westerburg were in Dietkirchen, while the army of Trier made its camp near Diez. In the court hearing, Gerlach declared that Reinhard’s attack was in accordance with the command of Emperor Louis IV, that Baldwin was an enemy of the Empire, and that Gerlach was therefore not bound by the oath he had sworn. The troops of Trier therefore withdrew and Reinhard of Westerburg returned home.
After the death of Emperor Louis in 1347, Gerlach succeeded in reconciling with Charles IV and Charles confirmed the rights that had been given by Louis IV.
In 1349, the Black Death ravaged Limburg. Tilemann Elhen reports that there were at least 2,400 deaths (without counting children). The Lordship of Limburg never recovered from the effects of the plague.
In 1351, Gerlach joined a feud of the House of Nassau against the House of Hatzfeld.
Gerlach died on April 14, 1355, probably in Limburg. He was succeeded by his son Gerlach III.
Family and descendants.
Gerlach’s first marriage was to Agnes of Nassau-Siegen. The wedding took place between 1312 and 1314. Three children were produced by this union:
After the death of his first wife, Gerlach married Kunigunde of Wertheim. At least the following children are attributable to this marriage:

</doc>
<doc id="21445606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445606" title="Gerlach VI of Isenburg-Limburg">
Gerlach VI of Isenburg-Limburg

Gerlach VI of Isenburg-Limburg (died 1365), also known as Gerlach III of Limburg, was Count of Isenburg-Limburg and Lord of Limburg an der Lahn. He succeeded his father Gerlach V in 1355. In 1356, he married Elisabeth of Falkenstein (died between 1364 and 1366).
In 1365, Gerlach III died in the Black Death without male heirs. With the permission of Pope Urban V, his brother John put aside the office of Canon of Trier Cathedral and took over the rule of Limburg as John II.

</doc>
<doc id="21445610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445610" title="Sandy Pasch">
Sandy Pasch

Sandy Pasch (born May 19, 1954) is an American nurse from Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin who has been a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 22nd Assembly District, since her election in 2008.
Background.
Pasch was born Sandra Kawczynski in Milwaukee on May 19, 1954. She graduated from Bay View High School in 1972; received a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1976; a Master of Science in Psychiatric-Mental Health Nursing at the University of Rochester in 1981; and a Master of Arts in Bioethics at the Medical College of Wisconsin in 1999. She worked as an assistant professor at Columbia College of Nursing; as a clinical nurse specialist; and as a community health nurse.
Elective office.
Pasch was elected to the assembly in 2008. After winning a four-way Democratic primary with a narrow plurality, she easily defeated Republican nominee Yash P. Wadhwa by 21,938 to 10,720. She was assigned to the standing committees on public health (serving as vice chair); on corrections and the courts; on criminal justice; on health and healthcare reform; and on housing.
In 2009, Pasch's campaign records showed that she received two contributions totaling $125 on February 18, during budget negotiations. This violated a new rule, passed two weeks prior, which restricted lawmakers from soliciting or accepting campaign contributions until the state budget was voted into law. According to Pasch, the date was a typo, and she did not receive any contributions after the budget negotiations began.
Sandy Pasch voted to pass the 2009 Wisconsin budget.
Pasch voted against censuring State Representative Jeffrey Wood after being arrested for driving while intoxicated and being in possession of THC and drug paraphernalia. 
Pasch voted against requiring a two-thirds majority in the legislature in order to pass legislation to increase taxes.
On May 6, 2011, Pasch announced that she would be running for the Wisconsin State Senate's 8th District against incumbent Republican Alberta Darling, who was the subject of a recall election. She won her primary against a "fake Democrat", Gladys Huber, with over 60% of the votes cast, but lost the August 9th general election by an 8% margin.
The "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel" Politifact rated claims that Sandy Pasch made regarding Paul Ryan's budget plan "Pants On Fire", which is its strongest rating for falsehoods, stating that she was "mixing false and ridiculous". Politifact rated claims that Sandy Pasch made on June 14, 2011 regarding State Sen. Alberta Darling's vote on the state budget as "Mostly True", stating that Pasch's figures were accurate, but needed "clarification and additional information".
Pasch serves on the board of Citizen Action of Wisconsin, a group which supported Pasch in the recall election. The treasurer of her campaign also serves as treasurer of Citizen Action. In August, Republicans filed a complaint alleging possible illegal coordination between Citizen Action of Wisconsin and Pasch's senate campaign. Both Pasch and the director of Citizen Action stated that there was no coordination whatsoever between the two
2012 race.
After her present district was basically eliminated by the Republican-controlled legislature in 2011, Pasch announced that she would be moving from her home in Whitefish Bay into the Assembly district currently represented by Elizabeth Coggs (who is running for the State Senate), which has been redistricted to include portions of Pasch's old district. Amid accusations of "carpetbagging" and assertions that up to half the seats currently held by African-Americans could go to white candidates, Pasch argued that "I agree diversity is important... But what is very, very important is that there is a representative in the district who will listen, who will take action after listening, someone who will fight"; and noted she is the only Jewish member of the Assembly. She has been endorsed by Tamara Grigsby.
Calls by Elizabeth Coggs to the mostly-black voters at an inner-city candidate forum to "vote for someone who looks like you" led to accusations that she was attacking Pasch, the only white candidate in the race. Several African-American candidates at the forum decried her remarks as racist. None of Pasch's opponents (who include Ieshuh Griffin) had held elected office. "I don't think anyone should vote for anyone on account of their skin color," Griffin said of Coggs' remarks. "It's not about color.". Coggs' predecessor, Polly Williams, describing Pasch as "a White suburban woman" who "can’t win in her own district", had already expressed concern that inner-city seats such as hers could be lost to white Democrats as a result of machinations by "non-Black forces from outside the community". Williams, like Coggs, endorsed one of Pasch's rivals. The 10th district Democratic nomination was nonetheless taken by Pasch, with over 60% of the vote.
Personal life.
She is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21445612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445612" title="Paul Albers">
Paul Albers

Paul Albers (born October 15, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman last playing with the Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Albers played major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) for five seasons with the Calgary Hitmen, Regina Pats and Vancouver Giants. As an overaged player with the Giants in 2005–06, Albers recorded a major junior career high 17 goals, 45 assists and 62 points. He was named to the WHL West First All-Star Team, along with teammate Dustin Slade, and earned a nomination for the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy as the league's top defenceman (awarded to Kris Russell of the Medicine Hat Tigers). His +39 plus/minus was a league high and earned him the WHL Plus-Minus Award. Albers added 19 points in 18 post-season games, helping lead the Giants to a President's Cup as WHL champions. Playing in the subsequent 2006 Memorial Cup in Moncton, he was named to the Tournament All-Star Team with teammate Gilbert Brulé.
Undrafted by a National Hockey League (NHL) club, Albers turned pro in the ECHL with the Texas Wildcatters in 2006–07. He recorded 43 points as a rookie and moved up to the American Hockey League (AHL) with the Houston Aeros the next season. On July 31, 2009, he left the United States and signed for German club Nuremberg Ice Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="21445617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445617" title="Salentin VI of Isenburg-Neumagen">
Salentin VI of Isenburg-Neumagen

Salentin VI of Isenburg-Neumagen was the Count of Isenburg-Neumagen from 1502 until 1534.

</doc>
<doc id="21445620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445620" title="Henry of Isenburg-Neumagen">
Henry of Isenburg-Neumagen

Henry of Isenburg-Neumagen (German: Heinrich von Isenburg-Neumagen) was the Count of Isenburg-Neumagen from 1534 until 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="21445636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445636" title="George Lewis (footballer)">
George Lewis (footballer)

Thomas George Lewis (20 October 1913 – 6 August 1981) was a Welsh footballer who played as a centre-forward for Watford in the late 1930s, before joining Southampton for a brief period after World War II.
Football career.
Watford.
Lewis was born in Troed-y-rhiw in Glamorgan and after playing youth football with his village side and then in the nearby town of New Tredegar followed his elder brother Jim to join Watford. He initially joined Watford as an amateur at 17, before signing his first professional contract in May 1934.
Lewis stayed at Vicarage Road until the war, making irregular appearances in the Football League Third Division South, firstly, like his brother, at left back before moving to centre forward in 1937–38. His most successful league season was 1938–39 when he scored nine goals from 13 appearances.
During the war he was an Army P.T. instructor, although he made guest appearances for Chester City. He spent one more season with Watford after the end of the war, in which there was no League football. Lewis played in eight FA Cup matches as Watford reached round four before being eliminated by Birmingham City. Lewis scored three goals during the cup run, including the equaliser against Nottingham Forest in round three.
Southampton.
In July 1946, he joined Second Division Southampton for a "four figure fee". Described as a "well-built centre-forward" with a "never-say-die" attitude, Lewis enjoyed a fine first season at The Dell, despite problems at the start of he season with a hamstring injury. He made his debut on 3 October 1946, taking over from the injured Doug McGibbon, in a 2–4 defeat at Swansea. After a run of five games, in which he only found the net once, he was replaced by the fit again McGibbon. He regained the number 9 shirt in December when McGibbon was sold to Fulham and went on to score 11 goals in the remaining 23 games.
In the FA Cup third round match against Bury on 11 January 1947, Lewis scored a hat-trick in a 5–1 victory. This was the "Saints" first FA Cup hat-trick for 50 years, and the first-ever in the competition proper. In total he scored 15 goals, making him joint top-scorer with Jack Bradley.
Lewis was unable to reproduce this form in the 1947–48 season, failing to score in any of his 15 appearances. The arrival of Charlie Wayman in November brought Lewis's Saints career to an end. In his two years at Southampton, he scored 15 goals from 45 appearances.
Later career.
Lewis spent the 1947–48 season back in the Third Division South with Brighton & Hove Albion before joining Dartford, where he remained until 1952, when he took up a position as groundsman.

</doc>
<doc id="21445644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445644" title="Plays with incidental music">
Plays with incidental music

This is an incomplete list of plays for which incidental music has been written. 
A very large number of such works have been written, and to limit the size of this article, only items where the composer and/or the playwright have their own Wikipedia article should be included.

</doc>
<doc id="21445657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445657" title="Carlos Vélez Rieckehoff">
Carlos Vélez Rieckehoff

Carlos Vélez Rieckehoff (November 18, 1907 – November 19, 2005), was the President of the New York chapter of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party in the 1930s. In the 1990s Rieckehoff was among the protesters who protested against the United States Navy's use of his birthplace, the island of Vieques, as a bombing range. He stood in front of the committee of the U.S. House of Representatives investigating the situation in Vieques and pleaded for the return of Vieques to the people of Puerto Rico.
Early years.
Rieckehoff (birth name: Máximo Carlos Vélez Rieckehoff) was born in Vieques, Puerto Rico. His maternal ancestors emigrated from Germany and settled in Vieques. He was raised in a homestead owned by his parents whom, although poor farmers (""jíbaros"") were able to provide him with his basic needs and a good education. He a was a first cousin of German Rieckehoff, a follower of the Puerto Rican independence movement himself, who became the president of the Puerto Rican Olympic committee.
Nationalist.
In the 1930s, Vélez Rieckehoff moved to New York City in search of employment. On one occasion a fifteen-year-old boy handed him a Puerto Rican Nationalist Party pamphlet and he became interested in the Puerto Rican independence movement. Rieckehoff attended the party meetings and eventually became the president of the New York chapter of the Nationalist Party.
Vélez Rieckehoff returned to Puerto Rico where he had the opportunity to become acquainted with Don Pedro Albizu Campos, the president of the Nationalist Party. With Albizu Campos he learned to have pride in his heritage and a willingness to sacrifice his life and safety, if necessary, for the cause of independence. On one occasion Vélez Rieckehoff attempted to seize a Puerto Rican flag, from an organization he felt was not in genuine sympathy with what the flag stood for. The police gave chase and he barely escaped with his life. In the 1940s, Vélez Rieckehoff found work in a sugar cane ranch. During this period of his life he met and later married Luisa Guadalupe, a young lady also from Vieques.
During World War II, the United States military purchased about two thirds of Vieques as an extension to the Puerto Rican mainland's Roosevelt Roads Naval Station. The original purpose of the base, though never implemented, was to provide a safe haven for the British fleet should Britain fall to Nazi Germany. Much of the land was bought from the owners of large farms and sugar cane plantations, who were paid a pittance for their homes and given twenty-four hours to evacuate. The purchases triggered the final demise of the sugar industry in Vieques. Many agricultural workers, who had no title to the land they occupied, were evicted. Among those who were forced out of their jobs was Vélez Rieckehoff who, together with his wife, went to New York to seek employment. In New York he drove a truck, worked as a night watchman, whatever work he could find while his wife, Luisa, worked in a factory.
After the war, the US Navy continued to use the island for military exercises, as a firing range, and a testing ground for bombs, missiles, and other weapons in a manner not unlike Kahoolawe in the Hawaiian Islands.
Imprisonment for his beliefs.
On June 10, 1948, a bill was introduced before the Puerto Rican Senate which would restrain the rights of the independence and nationalist movements in the island. The Senate at the time was controlled by the PPD and presided by Luis Muñoz Marín. The Bill, also known as the "Ley de la Mordaza" (gag Law), made it illegal to display a Puerto Rican flag, to sing a patriotic tune, to talk of independence, and to fight for the liberation of the island. The Bill which resembled the anti-communist Smith Law passed in the United States, was signed and made into law on June 11, 1948, by the U.S.-appointed governor of Puerto Rico, Jesús T. Piñero and became known as "Ley 53" (Law 53). In accordance to the new law, it would be a crime to print, publish, sale, to exhibit or organize or to help anyone organize any society, group or assembly of people whose intentions are to paralyze or destroy the insular government. Anyone accused and found guilty of disobeying the law could be sentenced to ten years of prison, be fined $10,000 dollars (US) or both. According to Dr. Leopoldo Figueroa, a member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives, the law was repressive and was in violation of the First Amendment of the US Constitution which guarantees Freedom of Speech. He pointed out that the law as such was a violation of the civil rights of the people of Puerto Rico.
In the 1950s, Nationalist meetings were outlawed. When Vélez Rieckehoff and other members of the party were detained by the police and asked about their political affiliations, he acknowledged that he was a member of the Nationalist Party. Rieckehoff was arrested, along with Don Pedro Albizu Campos and other Nationalists, and served three years in prison.
Vieques situation.
In 1980, Vélez Rieckehoff presented himself in front of the committee of the U.S. House of Representatives investigating the situation in Vieques. He pleaded for the return of Vieques to the people. He also stated that the very seizure of Puerto Rico through the Treaty of Paris of 1898 was null, since Puerto Rico had already been granted autonomy from Spain. He compared the invasion of Puerto Rico to the attempt of Russia to take over Finland in the 19th century. He pointed out that an international conference examining the issue had determined that "the rights of a country to national liberty is free from war conquests and diplomatic treaties."
The continuing postwar presence in Vieques of the United States Navy drew protests from the local community, angry at the expropriation of their land and the environmental impact of weapons testing. The locals' discontent was exacerbated by the island's parlous economic condition. In May 2003 the Navy withdrew from Vieques, and much of the island was designated a National Wildlife Refuge under the control of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Legacy.
In 1979, Vélez Rieckehoff attended the International Conference in Support of Independence for Puerto Rico held in Mexico City as acting president of the Nationalist Party while the president of the party Jacinto Rivera was in Spain.
Vélez Rieckehoff was among a group of citizens who helped in the restoration of the "Fuerte Conde de Mirasol" (Count of Marisol Fort) of Vieques, under the direction of Robert Rabin the cofounder of the Historical Archives of Vieques.
On November 19, 2005 Vélez Rieckehoff died in Vieques. In December 2007, an art exhibit was held at the "Museum Fuerte Conde de Mirasol," and the opening ceremonies of the museum were dedicated to the memory of Carlos Vélez Rieckehoff.

</doc>
<doc id="21445669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445669" title="2009 Brasil Open – Doubles">
2009 Brasil Open – Doubles

Marcelo Melo and André Sá were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Thomaz Bellucci and Sebastián Prieto.
In the final, Marcel Granollers and Tommy Robredo defeated Lucas Arnold Ker and Juan Mónaco, 6–4, 7–5.

</doc>
<doc id="21445674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445674" title="Mota language">
Mota language

Mota is an Oceanic language spoken by about 750 people on Mota island, in the Banks Islands of Vanuatu.
History.
During the period 1840-1940, Mota was used as a missionary "lingua franca" throughout areas of Oceania included in the Melanesian Mission, an Anglican missionary agency. Mota was used on Norfolk Island, in religious education; on other islands with different vernacular languages, it served as the language of liturgical prayers, hymns, and some other religious purposes.
Robert Henry Codrington compiled the first dictionary of Mota (1896), and worked with George Sarawia and others to produce a large number of early publications in this language.
Phonology.
Mota has 5 phonemic vowels, /i e a o u/.

</doc>
<doc id="21445675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445675" title="Luis Misón">
Luis Misón

Luis Misón (c. 26 August 1727 – 13 February 1776) was a Spanish composer. Born in Mataró, Barcelona, he composed over 100 tonadillas, including "Una mesonera y un arriero" ("The Hand Maiden and the Hunter", c. 1757), which contains the song "Seguidilla dolorosa de una enamorada" ("Painful song of a girl in love", "Los ciegos" (1758), and "El maestro de baile" (1761).

</doc>
<doc id="21445679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445679" title="Little Chilliwack River">
Little Chilliwack River

The Little Chilliwack River is a small river in Whatcom County, Washington. It is a tributary of the Chilliwack River, entering the river just below the United States/Canada Border.
Course.
The river originates at a ridge between it and Silesia Creek. It flows just over 7 miles northeast from there to its confluence with the Chilliwack on the opposite side of the river from a trail leading up the Chilliwack. The Little Fork merges with it just under 2 km above its mouth.
Little Fork.
The Little Fork Little Chilliwack River starts at the base of Copper Mountain. It flows about 4 ½ km northeast as well, merging with the main fork about 2 km upstream from the river’s mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21445695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445695" title="Gerlach I of Isenburg-Wied">
Gerlach I of Isenburg-Wied

Gerlach I of Isenburg-Wied was the Count of Isenburg-Wied from 1409 until 1413.

</doc>
<doc id="21445705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445705" title="Nooksack Valley High School">
Nooksack Valley High School

Nooksack Valley High School is a four-year public secondary school in Everson, Washington. The school mascot is a Pioneer and the school colors are purple and white. It is located just north of Nooksack, at the junction of State Route 9 and State Route 546, and is on E. Badger Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21445719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445719" title="William III of Isenburg-Wied">
William III of Isenburg-Wied

William III of Isenburg-Wied was the Count of Isenburg-Wied from 1413 until 1462.

</doc>
<doc id="21445723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445723" title="John II of Isenburg-Wied">
John II of Isenburg-Wied

John II of Isenburg-Wied was the co-Count of Isenburg-Wied from 1415 until 1454.

</doc>
<doc id="21445735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445735" title="Great Frost of 1709">
Great Frost of 1709

The Great Frost (as it was known in England) or "" (as it was known in France) was an extraordinarily cold winter in Europe in late 1708 and early 1709, and was found to be the coldest European winter during the past 500 years. The severe cold occurred during the time of low sun spot activity known as the Maunder Minimum.
Notability.
William Derham recorded in Upminster, near London, a low of on the night of 5 January 1709, the lowest he had ever measured since he started taking readings in 1697. His contemporaries in the weather observation field in Europe likewise recorded lows down to . Derham wrote in "Philosophical Transactions": "I believe the Frost was greater (if not more universal also) than any other within the Memory of Man."
France was particularly hard hit by the winter, with the subsequent famine estimated to have caused 600,000 deaths by the end of 1710. Because the famine occurred during wartime, there were contemporary nationalist claims that there were no deaths from starvation in the kingdom of France in 1709.
This winter event has drawn the attention of modern day climatologists in the European Union's Millennium Project because they are presently unable to correlate the known causes of cold weather in Europe today with weather patterns documented in 1709. According to Dennis Wheeler, a climatologist at the University of Sunderland: "Something unusual seems to have been happening".
The severity of the winter is thought to be an important factor in the emigration of the German Palatines from Central Europe.
Anecdotal events.
Françoise-Marie de Bourbon, the Duchess of Orleans, is said to have written a letter to her great aunt in Germany describing how she was still shivering from cold and could barely hold her pen despite having a roaring fire next to her, the door shut, and her entire person wrapped in furs. She wrote, "Never in my life have I seen a winter such as this one."
European Union Millennium Project.
One of the key aims of the European Union Millennium Project is climate reconstruction. This objective has gained significance in recent years because scientists are exploring the precise causes for climate variations instead of merely accepting they are within an acceptable historical range. Modern climate models do not appear to be entirely effective for explaining the climate of 1709.

</doc>
<doc id="21445738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445738" title="Hans Joachim Schellnhuber">
Hans Joachim Schellnhuber

Hans Joachim "John" Schellnhuber (born June 7, 1950) is the founding Director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) and Chair of the German Advisory Council on Global Change (WBGU). Being one of the leading climate scientists worldwide, he provides advice to, for instance, the President of the European Union Commission, José Manuel Barroso. In 2007, he was appointed Chief Government Advisor on Climate and Related Issues during Germany's EU Council Presidency and G8 Presidency. Schellnhuber also offers scientific insights to business leaders, as he is member of the Climate Change Advisory Board of Deutsche Bank and chair of the governing board of the European Institute of Technology's Climate Knowledge and Innovation Communities (EIT Climate KIC).
He has qualifications in mathematics and physics—a Doctorate in Theoretical Physics from the University of Regensburg, which he completed in 1980, followed in 1985 by his habilitation (qualification for office) in theoretical physics at the University of Oldenburg. In 1981 he was recruited as a postdoctoral fellow at the Institute of Theoretical Physics (ITP) at the University of California, Santa Barbara, working across the corridor from its director Walter Kohn who became one of his academic teachers. Kohn was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1998. From solid state physics and quantum mechanics, John Schellnhuber´s interest was drawn to complex systems and nonlinearity or chaos theory. This is what later led him to do research on the climate system which is characterised by its complexity and nonlinearity. Having become a full professor for theoretical physics and then director at the Institute for Chemistry and Biology of the Marine Environment at Oldenburg University in northern Germany, he was involved in analysing the complex structure of ocean currents. In 1991 he was called upon to create PIK before becoming its director in 1993 - making it grow from zero to one of the world's most renowned climate research institutes with today more than 300 employees following an interdisciplinary approach. He is now professor at the University of Potsdam, Germany, and an external professor at the Santa Fe Institute in the US. In 2001-2005 he also served as research director of the Tyndall Centre in the UK and became a visiting professor at Oxford University. The National Academy of Sciences (US) appointed him as a member in 2005. He also has been elected a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
He received the Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award in 2002 and was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in 2004. He was awarded the German Environment Prize in 2007. In 2011, he was the first German to receive the Volvo Environment Prize, which is the highest-ranking award in the field of environmental sciences worldwide. He was honoured with the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (first class) as well and holds honorary doctorates from Copenhagen University and Berlin Institute of Technology.
Schellnhuber has published more than 250 scientific papers and authored, co-authored or edited 50 books or book chapters. He has helped create numerous iconic concepts such as the now famous analysis of tipping elements in the climate system, the burning embers, and the budget approach for emissions. Maybe most notably, in 1995 already Schellnhuber put forward the two degrees guardrail for global warming which has been adopted first by the German government and the European Union - and then, following the Copenhagen accord in 2009, as a global target by governments worldwide.
In 2007, Schellnhuber started "A Nobel Cause - Nobel Laureate Symposium Series on Global Sustainability" in Potsdam, bringing together Nobel Laureates from all disciplines with leading sustainability scientists. In 2009, this event took place in London and in 2011 in Stockholm, where the UN General Secretary's High Level Panel on Sustainability came to the meeting to receive a memorandum that was fed into the Rio+20 conference in 2012.
In 2012, he was the lead-author of a report commissioned by the World Bank on possible impacts of a 4 degrees Celsius warming towards the end of the 21st century. This report received a lot of attention worldwide. That same year, Schellnhuber presented the keynote at the gala dinner that opened the high-level segment of the world climate summit COP18 in Doha, Qatar. In the presence of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon and UNFCCC's boss Christiana Figueres, a few days later Schellnhuber signed an agreement with the Qatar Foundation to jointly create a Climate change research institute in Qatar - a remarkable step as the country's wealth for decades had been based on exporting fossil fuels.
In 2013, Schellnhuber was one of 18 prominent international scientists to launch the Earth League, a global interdisciplinary alliance of leading research institutes that focus on Earth system analysis and sustainability science, including economy. UN Security Council members Pakistan and UK asked him to speak at a meeting of the Council under the Arria Formula, the meeting at the UN headquarter in New York was attended by UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon. In the runup of the world climate summit in Warsaw, Schellnhuber discussed possible ways forward with the president of COP19, the Polish Minister of the Environment Marcin Korolec.
To advance the state of science, Schellnhuber initiated the Inter-Sectoral Impact Model Intercomparison Project (ISI-MIP) that involves more than 30 research teams from 12 countries. The scientific journal Nature called it the "first comprehensive global-impact project" - it aims at identifying robust insights as well as research gaps, based on a yet unprecedentedly broad comparison of computer simulations of future climate change impacts such as water scarcity, floodings, or yield changes. In 2013, Schellnhuber's efforts resulted in the Impacts World Conference in Potsdam followed by a special feature on first ISI-MIP results in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), see publications.
Schellnhuber serves as chair of the Climate-KIC (Knowledge and Innovation Community) governing board, which is affiliated to the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT). This institution aims at fostering low-carbon entrepreneurship and innovation.
Being a long-standing member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (which was jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007, Schellnhuber has been a coordinating lead author of the synthesis chapter of Working Group II of the IPCC's Third Assessment Report. He warns of dire consequences of continued global warming Being an expert on climatological tipping points, he is a public speaker on the subject. Schellnhuber has signed the Potsdam Denkschrift calling for a change in thinking to enable sustainable development. The German magazine Cicero in 2012 ranked him amongst the 500 most important German intellectuals.
He is married to Margret Boysen.

</doc>
<doc id="21445742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445742" title="Barnaby Metschurat">
Barnaby Metschurat

Barnaby Metschurat (born 22 September 1974 in Berlin) is a German actor. He completed his training at the school "Die Etage" in Berlin. One of his first television roles was in 1993 as Kaspar Riedel in the German TV series "Unser Lehrer Dr. Specht". He participates in cinema and television films and series.
In 2000 he played "Rosencrantz" in Peter Zadek's critically acclaimed production of "Hamlet".
He won the Best New Actor category at the 2002 Bavarian Film Awards (Best Acting).
In the films "L'Auberge espagnole" (2002) and its sequel "The Russian Dolls" (2006), he played the role of the German, Tobias. He also starred in "Solino" (2002) and "Anatomy 2" (2003).
In 2010 he made his debut as a director in the short film "Sunny and Roswitha".
Barnaby lives in Berlin and has a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21445750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445750" title="Limburg-Broich">
Limburg-Broich

Limburg-Broich was a County of the Holy Roman Empire based around Broich in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The Counts ruled the Lordship of Broich and, from 1449, half of the County of Limburg (in condominium with Neuenahr-Alpen from 1479).
Limburg-Broich was created as a partition of Limburg-Styrum in 1439. The Lordship of Broich was a strategic location of whose overlordship the powers of Westphalia and the Lower Rhine had fought over constantly, and the dispute continued after the creation of the line. In 1432 the Dukes of Cleves had succeeded in gaining overlordship from Berg, which led to the combined forces of Berg and the Archbishopric of Cologne capturing the territory in 1443, effectively destroying the castle of Broich.
In 1449 the Counts of Limburg-Broich became embroiled in a succession dispute with Neuenahr-Alpen over the County of Limburg. The dispute quickly led to armed warfare, and in 1460 both parties were made subject to an arbitration of the Archbishop of Cologne. At first the County was divided in half, but in 1479 the entire county was ruled in condominium between both parties. The County came to an end with Count John. In 1505 he married his adopted heiress Amoena of Sayn to Count Wirich V of Daun-Frankenstein, and with his death in 1508 both Broich and his rule in Limburg were inherited by them.

</doc>
<doc id="21445756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445756" title="Henry of Limburg-Broich">
Henry of Limburg-Broich

Henry of Limburg-Broich (? - 1446) was the Count of Limburg-Broich from 1439 - 1446.
Henry was a son of Count Theodoric IV of Limburg-Styrum. When Count William I of Limburg-Styrum died in 1439, the County was partitioned with Henry receiving the Lordship of Broich. Henry died in 1449 and was succeeded by William.

</doc>
<doc id="21445758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445758" title="734 Communication Squadron">
734 Communication Squadron

734 Communication Squadron is a reserve military unit in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The unit's motto is "Regina Camporum". 
Role.
The primary role of 734 Comm Sqn is to augment the Regular Force for both domestic and international operations, including those with the UN and NATO. International deployments include most recently Afghanistan, Bosnia and the Golan Heights. Members of the unit have also served on PMO taskings.
Composition.
734 Communication Squadron is composed mainly of Linemen, Sig Ops, and Signal Officers as well as support trades - Supply Technicians, Mobile Support Equipment Operators, Resource Management Support Clerks and Vehicle Technicians.

</doc>
<doc id="21445772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445772" title="William of Limburg-Broich">
William of Limburg-Broich

William of Limburg-Broich (c. 1416 - 1473) was the Count of Limburg-Broich from 1446 until 1473.
William was a brother of Count Henry of Limburg-Broich. When Henry died in 1446 William succeeded him. William became embroiled in a dispute with the Counts of Neuenahr-Alpen over the County of Limburg in 1449, following the death of Count William of Limburg-Styrum. After open warfare broke out, both William and the Count of Neuenahr-Alpen were subjected to the arbitration of the Archbishop of Cologne. He ruled to partition the County in half, and in 1479 it was ruled in condominium. William died on 14 September 1473 and was succeeded by his son John. 

</doc>
<doc id="21445775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445775" title="Damascus Securities Exchange">
Damascus Securities Exchange

The Damascus Securities Exchange (DSE) () is a stock exchange located in Damascus, Syria. Founded in 2009, it is the only stock exchange in Syria. Its current premises are in the Barzeh district, within Syria's financial markets and securities commission. Its final home is to be the upmarket business district of Yaafur.
History.
The market was initiated by Presidential decree №55 on October 1, 2006. The "Stock Exchange Act" established a market for securities trading, known as the Damascus Securities Exchange.
The market officially opened in February 2009, with a period of mock trading for testing purposes. The first official tradings were launched on Tuesday March 10, 2009.
Syrian uprising.
According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), between March 2011 when the uprising began, and May 2012, the value of the Syrian pound has fallen 45 percent and the Damascus stock exchange decreased 40 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="21445778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445778" title="John of Limburg-Broich">
John of Limburg-Broich

John of Limburg-Broich (c. 1464 - 1511) was the Count of Limburg-Broich from 1473 until 1508.
John was a son of Count William of Limburg-Broich. In 1473 he succeeded his father and was confirmed by the Duke of Berg in August 1484. In 1505 he married his adopted daughter Amoena of Sayn to Count Wirich V of Daun-Falkenstein. John abdicated in 1508 and was succeeded by the couple. He died on 26 July 1511.

</doc>
<doc id="21445793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445793" title="Arabs in Pakistan">
Arabs in Pakistan

Arabs in Pakistan () consist of migrants from different countries of the Arab world, especially Egypt, Oman, Iraq, Kuwait, Syria, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Palestine, Jordan and Yemen and have a long history. The first form of contact between the Arab people and modern-day Pakistan originally came in 711, when Muhammad bin Qasim, an Arab military general, was on a quest to free Muslims and their families who had apparently been arrested by Raja Dahir's soldiers while they were returning in a merchant ship to their homes in Iraq's city of Basra from Sri Lanka.
However, another version tells us about the migration of a number of the descendants of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad, to Sindh, after the atrocities by the Ummayad and Abbasid caliphs against them. They have settled in the province of Sindh, Panjab and as far north as Murree.
History.
The ship was hauled up by Dahir's men while it was passing a port located in the Sindh province of Pakistan and the people were taken as captives. At that time, Hajjaj bin Yusuf was the governor of present-day Iraq. Upon hearing the news, he wrote to Raja Dahir and demanded him to release the prisoners. Raja Dahir, who was the governor of Sindh at that time, refused to accept the request which tempted Yusuf to order Muhammad bin Qasim to proceed to Sindh along with an army unit of 6,000 troops in order to get the prisoners released. Qasim was hardly seventeen years of age at that time, however he was a ruthless and capable military commander, the main reason for which Yusuf may have recruited him.
After being deployed to Sindh, Qasim defeated Raja Dahir's troops and the prisoners were liberated. He also conquered Sindh and annexed the entire areas up to Multan, into Muslim territory. From that time on, the South Asia experienced its first formal contact with the Arabs and there were significant elements of Arab culture, food, sciences, arts and traditions brought into the region. This period also marked the introduction of Islam into what is now Pakistan, and the rest of South Asia, which thrived and flourished considerably. Today, Islam is the predominant state-religion of Pakistan and also has an immense number of followers in India. Islam is currently followed by at least 400-500 million people in South Asia.
After the death of Qasim, the areas of Sindh continued to remain under Arab rule for two centuries.
Migrants.
According to many statistics, the total number of Arabs in Pakistan, both legal and non-legal residents, still number in the thousands, and reside in the country.
Egyptians.
There were 1,500 Egyptians living in Pakistan during the 1990s. Following the 1995 attack on the Egyptian Embassy in Pakistan by Egyptian radicals, the Egyptian government renewed its security focus and collaborated with the Pakistani government to remove Egyptians from the country whom it deemed as shady elements; consequently, many Egyptians living in Pakistan were expelled or faced a discriminate crackdown. An extradition treaty was signed between the two countries, ensuring that any wanted Egyptians apprehended in Pakistan could be more efficiently mainlined back to Cairo.
Emiratis.
Emirati nationals and royals periodically visit Pakistan for hunting falcons, especially Macqueen's bustards (or Asian houbara). In Rahim Yar Khan, Sheikh Zayed built his own summer palace and an airport for his personal use whenever he visited Pakistan for hunting and recreation. The tradition has been revived by many other royals, amid rage by ecologists over the declining population of falcons. A notable Emirati who lived in Pakistan is Suhail Al Zarooni, who is also half-Pakistani.
Iraqis.
There are a few hundred Iraqis, most of whom are categorised as refugees.
Jordanians.
Jordanians in Pakistan are mostly students.
Omanis.
Oman lies in close proximity to Pakistan. Immigration between the two states has been common. Pakistani immigrants from Balochistan have formed settlements in Oman for decades and have obtained Omani citizenship. Many of these Omani Balochis, who have absorbed into Omani society, maintain migration and contact with Balochistan.
Palestinians.
Palestinians in Pakistan once had a total population as high as 8,000 during the 1970s. Now, however, the community has considerably reduced to figures ranging between 400 and 500, and only a partial number of families still remain in the country. Most Palestinians found in Pakistan are most commonly students of medicine and engineering, seeking education in various universities and institutions across Karachi, Lahore, Hyderabad, Quetta and Multan. Settled families on the other hand, are primarily based in Islamabad and Karachi.
The recent years have shown a decrease in the number of Palestinians migrating to the country, as students increasingly opt to complete undergraduate degrees in Middle Eastern countries such as Jordan. The Pakistani government reserves 50 seats for Palestinian students in universities across the country: 13 are for medicine, 4 for dentistry, 23 for engineering, and 10 for pharmacy. Eight scholarships are also offered.
During the Afghan-Russian Cold War, there were numerous Palestinians who took aid and shelter in Pakistan while fighting alongside the U.S.-backed guerillas against Russia. Abdullah Yusuf Azzam was one of those Palestinians who stayed in Pakistan.
Saudis.
There were 250 to 300 Saudi nationals in Pakistan as of 2009.
Syrians.
There are about 200 Syrians in Pakistan. There are also students from Syria studying in Pakistani institutions. In May 2011, Syrian expatriates in Pakistan were seen protesting outside the Syrian embassy in Islamabad and condemning Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad and his regime, amid the Syrian protests back home.
Yemeni.
Many Muhajir communities in Pakistan, such as the Chaush, Nawayath and the Arabs of Gujarat, are of Hadhrami descent from modern-day Yemen. A considerable proportion of Arabs in Pakistan come from Yemen.
Tribes with Arabic heritage.
Due to the long history of Arab contact with the Indus region in Pakistan, there are now a substantial number of Pakistanis who claim Arabic origin, descent and heritage. A sizeable population of the eight million Muhajirs who migrated to Pakistan in 1947 from India also claim to have Arab ancestral root. Found among the Muhajirs, are the Iraqi biradri, who claim to have originally come from Iraq.
In Punjab, there are numerous tribes who have Arab ancestry, such as the Siddiqui, Salara, Awans, the Khagga, the Dhund Abbasi, the Dhanyal, the Hans, the Hashmi (Nekokara), the Kahut and the Bodla.
The Dhond Abbasi of Murree and Kalhora of Sindh claim direct descent of Abbas ibn Abd Al-Mutalib paternal uncle and companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
The Thaheem of Sindh and Punjab claim descent from the Banu Tameem of Arabia
The 'Poswal'. The word "Poswal" is derived from the Arabic word "Boswal", which literally means "one who asks questions", but it has been pronounced as Poswal for many centuries in South Asia. Poswals are a branch of the main Gujjar Tribe, which spans across India (Gujarat), Pakistan, and Afghanistan. Poswals actually used to live in Arabia until Islam spread across Persia and South Asia. The first contingent of Poswals arrived in South Asia with the Forces of Muhammad bin Qasim when he invaded sindh in 712 A.D.Even before Poswals arrived, hundreds of thousands of Gujjars were living across the subcontinent though no Poswals were residing there at that time. Today, many Poswals may be found in the Punjab and NWFP provinces of Modern Pakistan, in Uttar Pradesh of India and in modern Saudi Arabia. However, the word Poswal doesn't exist in Arabic, as this language does not support the /p/ sound; consequently, many Poswal Arabs are Boswal, or they have adopted the name of their great great ancestor as their subtribe and trace there decendence back to Sahabi-e-Rasool Hazrat Wahi Kalbi R.A who was from the Arab tribe of Banu Kalb.
The Mashwani and Kakakhel tribes among the Pashtuns also claims to be of Arab heritage. Though this is most likely a show of being ill-informed on their part as their lineage is documented and traced to being offshoots of other Pashtun tribes. Pashtuns are a specific ethnicity and claiming Arab descent would result in the implication that they are not Pashtun. On a scholarly basis, Pashuns are likely to have a common Iranian origin with other Iranian peoples such as the Persians, Kurds and Pamiris.
Sayyids, Khawajas and Shaikhs.
There are then a numerous number of Sayyids or Khawajas (descendants of Muhammad) in Pakistan, who are yet another clear example of Pakistanis with Arabic heritage. Some of these sayyids first migrated to Bukhara and then to the South Asia. Others reportedly settled in Sindh to protect their lives against the atrocities of the Omayya and Abbasi caliphs of Arabia. The Sayyid people of Pakistan are figured as the most prominent and well-established people of the country, with a number of them having become popular and well-known religious icons, political leaders and professionals.
A large of Pakistanis belong to the various Khawaja Shaikh and Shaikh communities, some of whom claim Arab ancestry. The Quraishi Abbasi, Chishti, Ansari, Osmani, Siddiqui, Poswal, Arain and Farooqi all claim Arab ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="21445858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445858" title="Pujo (disambiguation)">
Pujo (disambiguation)

Pujo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21445875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445875" title="Limburg-Styrum-Gemen">
Limburg-Styrum-Gemen

Limburg-Styrum-Gemen was a County of medieval Germany, based in the Lordship of Gemen in modern North Rhine-Westphalia. It was partitioned from Limburg-Styrum in 1644, and in 1657 partitioned into itself and Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim. As Limburg-Styrum-Gemen ruled an Imperial Estate (Gemen), the Counts had a seat on the Bench of Counts of Westphalia. The line of Counts became extinct in 1782 and was inherited by the Counts of Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim.

</doc>
<doc id="21445886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445886" title="Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim">
Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim

Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim was a County of medieval Germany, based in the Lordship of Iller-Aichheim. It was partitioned from Limburg-Styrum-Gemen in 1657. When the line of Limburg-Styrum-Gemen became extinct in 1782 the Counts of Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim inherited it and the Imperial Estate of Gemen. However when in 1800 this line became extinct, it was inherited by Boyneburg-Bömelberg instead of Limburg-Styrum-Styrum.

</doc>
<doc id="21445887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445887" title="Washington Huskies men's basketball">
Washington Huskies men's basketball

The Washington Huskies men's basketball team represents the University of Washington in NCAA Division I college basketball competing in the Pac-12 Conference. Their home games are played at Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion, located in Seattle, and they are currently led by head coach Lorenzo Romar. 
Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion.
Alaska Airlines Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion is the home for the Husky men's and women's basketball teams, volleyball team and gymnastics squad. The 2008-09 season marks the 83rd season of service for the multi-purpose facility. The facility was originally completed in December 1927. Wilson James Commissioning renovated the interior of Hec Edmundson Pavilion for $40 million. The renovation lasted 19-months between March 1999 and November 2000. The pavilion's name was also changed; originally slated to be "Seafirst Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion" when the deal was finalized in 1998, it became "Bank of America Arena at Hec Edmundson Pavilion" at the reopening, as B of A had eliminated the Seafirst brand in 2000. The ten-year sponsorship with the bank expired after the 2009-10 season and was not renewed; during the first half of the 2010-11 basketball season the venue was sponsorless and once again known simply as "Hec Edmundson Pavilion." On January 20, 2011, the university approved Seattle-based Alaska Airlines as the new sponsor of Hec Ed.
Proposed Basketball Training Facility.
In January 2011, the university announced plans for a new intercollegiate basketball training facility. The project includes a pre-design study for a $50 million basketball training facility for the men’s and women’s basketball programs to be located in the vicinity of the Alaska Airlines Arena. The scope of work may include relocation and replacement of existing intercollegiate athletic facilities related to the new project. The pre-design study will include programming, alternatives, design concepts, cost estimates, and other related reports.
Postseason results.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Huskies have appeared in 16 NCAA Tournaments. Their combined record is 18–17.
NIT results.
The Huskies have appeared in seven National Invitation Tournaments (NIT). Their combined record is 6–7.
CBI results.
The Huskies have appeared in one College Basketball Invitational (CBI). Their record is 0–1.
Season-by-Season Records.
Awards.
Pac-12 Coach of the Year
Pac-12 Freshman of the Year
Pac-10 Coach of the Year
Pac-10 Player of the Year
Pac-10 Freshman of the Year
Pac-8 Coach of the Year
All-Century Team.
Washington's All-Century basketball team was selected by a fan vote in 2002. Husky fans filled out ballots while attending games at Bank of America Arena or voted via the school's web site. Schrempf received the most votes followed by Todd MacCulloch and Bob Houbregs. 
Retired jerseys.
Brandon Roy's No. 3 jersey was retired on January 22, 2009 during a home game against the USC Trojans. Roy gave a short speech at halftime, alongside his parents, fiancée, two children and former coach Lorenzo Romar. The sold-out crowd chanted "B-Roy" while giving him a standing ovation. The Huskies further honored Roy by beating the Trojans, 78–73.
Bob Houbregs's #25 jersey is also retired.

</doc>
<doc id="21445890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445890" title="Across the Earth">
Across the Earth

Across the Earth (stylized as // the_EARTH :: Tear Down The Walls) is the name for the 11th Hillsong United Album.
It was released in Australia on 9 May 2009. The album reached No. 22 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
Originally a two-part project, the plans were later scrapped.
Charts.
Chart procession and succession

</doc>
<doc id="21445903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445903" title="Limburg-Styrum-Styrum">
Limburg-Styrum-Styrum

Limburg-Styrum-Styrum was a County of medieval Germany, based in the Lordship of Styrum in modern North Rhine-Westphalia. Limburg-Styrum-Styrum was a partition of Limburg-Styrum in 1644. When the line of Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim became extinct in 1800, Limburg-Styrum-Styrum failed to inherit it and the Imperial Estate of Gemen, which instead passed to the Barons of Boyneburg-Bömelberg. In 1806 Limburg-Styrum-Styrum was mediatised to the Grand Duchy of Berg. The line itself became extinct in 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="21445909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445909" title="Angel Bartolotta">
Angel Bartolotta

Andrew "Angel" Bartolotta (born November 26, 1981) is an American drummer. He is best known as the former drummer for American alternative metal band Dope and former drummer of industrial metal band Genitorturers. He is also the founder of the large collaborative music project Team Cybergeist.
Endorsements.
Angel currently has endorsements with DW Drums, PDP Drums, Zildjian Cymbals, ProMark Drumsticks, Evans Drumheads, Pintech Electronics, Coffin Cases, Westone In-Ear Monitors, and Skin Grapht.

</doc>
<doc id="21445916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445916" title="Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen">
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen

Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Gelnhausen in the south of modern Hesse, Germany.
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen was partitioned from Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler in 1654. It was a mediate state with few rights. In 1799 the Counts Palatine were granted the title "Duke "in" Bavaria" by their distant relations, the Dukes "of" Bavaria. These lines are the only branches of the House of Wittelsbach which did not eventually become extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="21445928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445928" title="Palatinate-Guttenberg">
Palatinate-Guttenberg

Palatinate-Guttenberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Guttenberg in the south of modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Palatinate-Guttenberg was created in the partition of Palatinate-Veldenz in 1598 for Louis Philip and George John II, the two younger sons of George John I. Louis Philip died in 1601 leaving George John II as the sole ruler. In 1611 he inherited Palatinate-Lützelstein from his elder brother John Augustus, Count Palatine of Lützelstein, and George John renamed his state to Palatinate-Lützelstein-Guttenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445933" title="Louis Philip, Count Palatine of Guttenberg">
Louis Philip, Count Palatine of Guttenberg

Louis Philip (German: Ludwig Philipp) (24 November 1577 – 24 October 1601) was the co-Duke of Veldenz from 1592 until 1598 and the Duke of Guttenberg from 1598 until 1601.
Life.
Louis Philip was born in 1577 as the third surviving son of George John I, Count Palatine of Lützelstein. His father died in 1592, and Louis Philip and his brothers succeeded him under the regency of their mother Anna Maria of Sweden. In 1598 the brothers partitioned the territories; Louis Pihlip received half of the territory of Guttenberg. Louis Philip died there in 1601 and was probably buried in Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21445939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445939" title="George John II, Count Palatine of Lützelstein-Guttenberg">
George John II, Count Palatine of Lützelstein-Guttenberg

George John II (German: Georg Johann II.) (24 June 1586 – 29 September 1654) was the co-Duke of Veldenz from 1592 until 1598 and the Duke of Guttenberg from 1598 until 1611, and the Duke of Lützelstein-Guttenberg from 1611 until 1654.
Life.
George John II was born in 1586 as the youngest son of George John I, Count Palatine of Lützelstein. His father died in 1592, and George John and his brothers succeeded him under the regency of their mother Anna Maria of Sweden. In 1598 the brothers partitioned the territories; George John II received half of the Guttenberg territory. In 1601 he received the other half of Guttenberg when his brother Louis Philip died. In 1611 he inherited the County of Lützelstein following the death of his brother John Augustus. George John died in 1654.
Marriage.
George John married Susanne of Sulzbach (6 June 1591 – 21 February 1661), daughter of the Count Otto Henry, on 6 June 1613 and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21445944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445944" title="George Gustavus, Count Palatine of Veldenz">
George Gustavus, Count Palatine of Veldenz

George Gustavus (German: Georg Gustav) (1564 – 3 June 1634) was the Duke of Veldenz from 1592 until 1634.
Life.
George Gustavus was born in 1564 as the eldest son son of George John I, Count Palatine of Lützelstein. His father died in 1592, and John Augustus and his brothers succeeded him under the regency of their mother Anne Maria of Sweden. In 1598 the brothers partitioned the territories; George Gustavus retained the Counties of Veldenz and Lautereck while his younger brothers obtained the other territories. He died in 1634 and was buried in Remigiusberg.
Marriage.
George Gustavus married Elizabeth of Württemberg (3 March 1548 – 28 February 1592), daughter of Duke Christopher, on 30 October 1586. The marriage remained childless.
George Gustavus married Maria Elizabeth of Palatinate-Zweibrücken (7 November 1581 – 18 August 1637), daughter of Duke John I, on 17 May 1601 and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21445945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445945" title="Regatta at Sainte-Adresse (Monet)">
Regatta at Sainte-Adresse (Monet)

The Regatta at Sainte-Adresse is a painting by the impressionist painter Claude Monet. Signed (lower left): Claude Monet.
This painting and ""The Beach in Sainte-Adresse"" (Art Institute of Chicago) were probably conceived as a pair. They are identical in size, and their viewing point differs by only a few yards.
Sainte-Adresse, the well-to-do suburb of Le Havre, was the home of Monet's father. Destitute, Monet spent the summer of 1867 with his father and aunt Sophie Lecadre at the cost of abandoning his companion, Camille Doncieux, and their newborn son, Jean. Monet attended the birth in Paris and returned to the coast a few days later.
The pair of paintings juxtaposes this sunny regatta watched at high tide by well dressed bourgeois, with an overcast scene at low tide, fishing boats hauled onto the beach peopled with sailors and workers. Since Monet never exhibited the paintings side by side, the contrast between them was probably not intended as a social manifesto but instead reflected differing conditions under which the same place could be painted.
On 25 June 1867, Monet reported that he was working on about twenty pictures:
"Among the seascapes, I am doing the regattas of Le Havre with many figures on the beach and the outer harbor covered with small sails." (Claude Monet)
Provenance.
?Henri Hecht, Paris (1873; bought in January for Fr 500 from the artist); ?sale, Hôtel Drouot, Paris, April 5, 1884, no. 25, as "Sainte-Adresse"; Paris, about 1888–91, sold on August 20, 1891 to Widener; P. A. B. Widener, Ashbourne, near Philadelphia (1891–1907; sold on February 27, 1907 to Durand-Ruel); New York, 1907; William Church Osborn, New York (1907–d. 1951)

</doc>
<doc id="21445950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445950" title="John Augustus, Count Palatine of Lützelstein">
John Augustus, Count Palatine of Lützelstein

John Augustus (German: Johann August) (26 November 1575 – 18 September 1611) was the co-Duke of Veldenz from 1592 until 1598 and the Duke of Lützelstein from 1598 until 1611.
Life.
John Augustus was born in 1575 as the second surviving son of George John I, Count Palatine of Lützelstein. His father died in 1592, and John Augustus and his brothers succeeded him under the regency of their mother Anna Maria of Sweden. In 1598 the brothers partitioned the territories; John Augustus received the County of Lützelstein. John Augustus died in Castle Lemberg in 1611 and was buried in Lützelstein. He was succeeded by his younger brother George John.
Marriage.
John Augustus married Anne Elizabeth of the Electorate of the Palatinate (23 June 1549 – 20 September 1609), daughter of the Elector Frederick III, in 1599. The marriage remained childless.

</doc>
<doc id="21445953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445953" title="Hose's mongoose">
Hose's mongoose

Hose's Mongoose ("Herpestes brachyurus hosei") is a subspecies of the Short-tailed Mongoose, but it is sometimes considered a separate species instead, "Herpestes hosei". It is only known from a single specimen, an adult female taken in the Baram district, Sarawak, Malaysia, in 1893. Apart from having reddish brown short hair, straighter claws and more slender, smaller skull with a less rounded coronoid process on the lower jaw, it resembles other subspecies of the Short-tailed Mongoose.

</doc>
<doc id="21445956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445956" title="Public opinion on the Iraq War">
Public opinion on the Iraq War

International opinion.
In 2003, about 47% of the public in Britain believed the war was being handled well by Tony Blair and the Labour government, with 44% disapproving. However, in the United States there was greater support for the war with a majority of 69% of people believing that the war was being handled well by George W. Bush and his administration, as opposed to in the later half of the 2000s with 54% of people in the United States believing in 2008 that it was the wrong decision to go to war up 32% since a poll in 2003.
According to a January 2007 BBC World Service poll of more than 26,000 people in 25 countries, 73% of the global population disapproves of the US handling of the Iraq War. A September 2007 poll conducted by the BBC found that 2/3 of the world's population believed the US should withdraw its forces from Iraq.
According to an April 2004 USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll, only a third of the Iraqi people believed that "the American-led occupation of their country is doing more good than harm, while a solid majority support an immediate military pullout even though they fear that could put them in greater danger."
Majorities in the UK and Canada believe the war in Iraq is "unjustified" and - in the UK - are critical of their government's support of US policies in Iraq (Canada opposed the U.S.-led invasion force and has one observer blue helmet in Iraq.) 
According to polls conducted by Arab American Institute, four years after the invasion of Iraq, 83% of Egyptians had a negative view of the US role in Iraq; 68% of Saudi Arabians had a negative view; 96% of the Jordanian population had a negative view; 70% of the UAE and 76% of the Lebanese population also described their view as negative. 
The Pew Global Attitudes Project reports that in 2006 majorities in the Netherlands, Germany, Jordan, France, Lebanon, China, Spain, Indonesia, Turkey, Pakistan, and Morocco believed the world was safer before the Iraq War and the toppling of Hussein. Pluralities in the US and India believe the world is safer without Hussein.
Iraqi opinion.
Directly after the invasion, polling suggested that a slight majority supported the US invasion. The US government has long maintained its involvement there is with the support of the Iraqi people, but in 2005 when asked directly, 82–87% of the Iraqi populace was opposed to the US presence and wanted US troops to leave. 47% of Iraqis supported attacking US troops. However, in the same poll 77% of Iraqis said that ousting Saddam Hussein had been worth the hardships brought on by the war and that 64% of the ones polled said Iraq was going in the right direction. Other polls conducted between 2005 and 2007 showed 31–37% of Iraqi's wanted US and other Coalition forces to withdraw once security was restored and that 26–35% wanted immediate withdrawal instead. Another poll conducted on September 27, 2006, found that seven out of ten Iraqis want US-led forces to withdraw from Iraq within one year. Overall, 78% of those polled said they believed that the presence of US forces is "provoking more conflict than it's preventing." 53% of those polled believed the Iraqi government would be strengthened if US forces left Iraq (versus 23% who believed it would be weakened), and 71% wanted this to happen in 1 year or less. All of these positions were more prevalent amongst Sunni and Shia respondents than among Kurds. 61% of respondents said that they approve of attacks on US-led forces, although 94% still had an unfavorable opinion of al-Qaeda. Despite a majority having previously been opposed to the US presence, 60% of Iraqis opposed American troops leaving directly prior to withdrawal, with 51% saying withdrawal would have a negative effect.
A March 7, 2007 survey of more than 2,000 Iraqis found that 78% of the population opposed the presence of Coalition forces in Iraq, that 69% believed the presence of U.S. forces was making things worse, and that 51% of the population considered attacks on coalition forces acceptable, up from 17% in 2004 and 35% in 2006. In addition:
A 2007 survey for the first time asked ordinary Iraqis their view on the highly contentious draft oil law. According to the poll, 76 percent of Iraqis feel inadequately informed about the contents of the proposed law. Nonetheless, 63 percent responded that they would prefer Iraqi state-owned companies – and not foreign corporations – to develop Iraq’s extensive oil fields.
The most recent Iraqi public opinion poll was carried out by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner (GQR) and the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and published in April 2012. According to the poll, 48% of Iraqis thought the country was moving in the right direction with 44% believing the reverse . It showed increases in those thinking the Iraqi economy was strong (52%) and that security and sectarianism were getting better, however, Iraqi opinion was split equally (45% to 45%) as to whether or not “Iraq today is a real democracy”.
American public opinion before start of the war.
Following Powell's February 5, 2003, speech at the UN, most polls, like one conducted by CNN and NBC, showed increased support for the invasion. Only 27% opposed military action, the smallest percentage since the polls began in April 2002. The percentage of Americans supporting an invasion without UN support jumped eight points to 37%. 49% of those polled felt that President Bush had prepared the country for war and its potential risks, a 9 point jump from the previous month. President George W. Bush announced the beginning of Operation Iraqi Freedom on March 19, 2003.
A Gallup poll showed the majority of the population erroneously believed Iraq was responsible for the attacks of September 11.
In May 2003, a Gallup poll made on behalf of CNN and USA Today concluded that 79% of Americans thought the Iraq War was justified, with or without conclusive evidence of illegal weapons.
In March 2013, ten years after the Iraq War begin, a survey from the Media and Public Opinion Research Group found that 51.9% of the American public now feel that the Iraq War was a mistake.

</doc>
<doc id="21445958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445958" title="Palatinate-Kleeburg">
Palatinate-Kleeburg

Palatinate-Kleeburg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, which centered on the Alsatian lordship of Cleeburg.
Palatinate-Kleeberg was the younger partition of Palatinate-Zweibrücken in 1604 for John Casimir, the youngest son of John I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken. His marriage to Catharina of Sweden, eldest surviving daughter of King Charles IX of Sweden would eventually see his elder son and successor Charles Gustavus succeeded to the Swedish throne in 1654, giving Palatinate-Kleeburg to his younger brother Adolph John I. The Count Palatine of the line, Gustavus Samuel Leopold, inherited the Duchy of Zweibrücken and its seat in the Imperial Diet in 1718. After his death in 1731, Palatinate-Kleeburg passed to Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="21445971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445971" title="Ergot (horse anatomy)">
Ergot (horse anatomy)

The ergot is a small callosity on the underside of the fetlock of a horse or other equine. Some equines have them on all four fetlocks; others have few or no detectable ergots. In horses, the ergot varies from very small to the size of a pea or bean, larger ergots occurring in horses with "feather" - long hairs on the lower legs. In some other equines, the ergot can be as much as 1.5 inches in diameter.
"Ergot" comes from the French word for "rooster's spur".
Evolution.
Like the chestnut, the ergot is thought to be a vestige of some part of the ancestral foot of the multi-toed Equidae, the ergot corresponding to the sole pad of other extant members of Perissodactyla, such as the tapir and rhinoceros. Unlike the chestnut, which in the same individual may be large on the forelegs and smaller or even absent on the hindlegs, the ergot is of roughly equal size on all four legs.

</doc>
<doc id="21445972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445972" title="Adolph John I, Count Palatine of Kleeburg">
Adolph John I, Count Palatine of Kleeburg

Adolph John I (German: "Adolf Johann I.", Swedish: "Adolf Johan") (21 October 1629 – 24 October 1689) was Count Palatine of Kleeburg from 1654 until 1689 and was considered Prince of Sweden until 1660.
Life.
Adolph John was born in Stegeborg Castle, Sweden (now in Söderköping Municipality) in 1629 as the youngest son of John Casimir, Count Palatine of Kleeburg and Swedish Princess Catherine. He was Duke of Stegeborg after his elder brother Carl Gustav became the King of Sweden. At that time, he also obtained the County Palatine of Kleeburg.
Marriage.
Adolph John married Countess Elizabeth Beate Brahe af Wisingsborg (31 August 1629 – 7 September 1653) on 19 June 1649 and had the following son:
Adolph John married Countess Else Elizabeth Brahe af Wisingsborg (29 January 1632 – 24 February 1689), daughter of Count Nicholas Brahe af Wisingsborg and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21445977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21445977" title="Adolph John II, Count Palatine of Kleeburg">
Adolph John II, Count Palatine of Kleeburg

Adolph John II (German: Adolf Johann II.) (21 August 1666 – 27 April 1701) was the Duke of Kleeburg from 1689 until 1701.
Life.
Adolph John was born in Bergzabern in 1666 as the eldest surviving son of Adolph John I, Count Palatine of Kleeburg. He succeeded his father in 1689. Adolph John died in Laiuse Castle in 1701 and was buried in Stockholm. As he never married he was succeeded by his brother Gustavus Samuel Leopold.

</doc>
<doc id="21446013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446013" title="Palatinate-Landsberg">
Palatinate-Landsberg

Palatinate-Landsberg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Landsberg in northeastern France.
Palatinate-Landsberg was the intermediate partition of Palatinate-Zweibrücken in 1604 for Frederick Casimir, the youngest son of John I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken. Landsberg was invaded and devastated during the Thirty Years' War. In 1645 Frederick Casimir was succeeded by his son Frederick Louis. Frederick Louis inherited the Duchy of Zweibrücken in 1661 with its seat in the Imperial Diet. After dying in 1681 without legitimate descendants, Palatinate-Landsberg passed to the Kings of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="21446016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446016" title="Dragi Kotsev">
Dragi Kotsev

Dragi Kotsev (; born 25 February 1987 in Radoviš, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bulgarian Pirin Blagoevgrad.
In June 2005, he received a Bulgarian passport. In 2005 and 2006 Kotsev was a member of the Macedonian national under-19 football team.
Career.
Born in Radoviš, Kotsev start to play football in local FK Jaka. When he was only 14-years old he went to Blagoevgrad, together with his compatriot Zoran Zlatkovski, which then his first club was Bulgarian side Pirin Blagoevgrad. In the season 2007/08 Kotsev was loaned to Pirin Gotse Delchev and played one year in Bulgarian second division.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv.
Kotsev signed with Lokomotiv Plovdiv on 26 July 2010 on a two-year deal. He made his debut on 31 July in a 1–1 away draw against Vidima-Rakovski. Kotsev scored his first A PFG goal for Lokomotiv in a 3–0 win against Akademik Sofia on 6 November.

</doc>
<doc id="21446037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446037" title="Kristen Dexter">
Kristen Dexter

Kristen Dexter (July 20, 1961) is a Democratic Party politician and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, who represented the 68th Assembly District from 2009 to 2011. She succeeded long-time incumbent Representative Terry Moulton. In 2010, she ran for re-election but was defeated by her challenger, Chippewa County Clerk Kathy Bernier.
Dexter was elected to the Altoona, Wisconsin Board of Education in 2002 and served for six years. She also sat on the Educational Planning Council and Policy Committee for the school district. After helping State Senator Pat Kreitlow win election in 2006, Kristen worked as his Community Outreach Director. She has volunteered with the Girl Scouts, Meals on Wheels, the Eau Claire Municipal Band, and served on the Regional Steering Committee for Health Literacy Wisconsin.
Dexter was born Kristen Ann Gillie in Hallock, Minnesota, where she was raised. A graduate of UW-River Falls, she is a metalsmith by trade. She and her husband Donn Dexter, a neurologist at Luther Midelfort, have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21446038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446038" title="Foca-class submarine">
Foca-class submarine

The "Foca"-class were a group of three submarines built for the Italian Navy between 1936 and 1938; they were intended primarily for mine-laying operations. The lead boat, "Foca" was lost in October 1940 while laying mines in Haifa harbor. "Atropo" and "Zoea", the second and third vessels of the class, were used after Italy's 1943 surrender by the Allies for supply runs to British garrisons in Samos and Leros in the Aegean. Both were scrapped in 1947

</doc>
<doc id="21446048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446048" title="List of Jewish Medal of Honor recipients">
List of Jewish Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. A recipient must distinguish themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. The medal is presented to the recipient by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.
Since it was instituted there have been 3,473 recipients; at least 27 American Jews have received the Medal of Honor for their actions starting in the American Civil War through the Vietnam War. The first two recipients were Henry Heller and David Orbansky who both received it for their actions in 1863 during the American Civil War. Samuel Gross was the only Jewish American Marine to receive the medal for his actions in Fort Riviere, Haiti. The last to receive it was Tibor Rubin in 2005, who was believed to have been overlooked due to discrimination. His medal was for his actions the Korean War in 1950, 55 years before he received the medal.
American Jews and the Medal of Honor.
Depending on religious definitions and varying population data, the United States currently has the second largest Jewish community in the world (after Israel). The American Jewish population was estimated to be approximately 5,128,000 (1.7%) of the total population in 2008 (304,060,000). However, it may be as high as 6,444,000 (2.2%). As a contrast, Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics estimated the Israeli Jewish population was 5,435,800 in 2007 (75.7% of the average population).
The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The medal is bestowed "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force" and the recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.
Until 1914 the Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart were the only medals that could be received so prior to 1916 the criteria for the Medal of Honor were much less restrictive than it is today. In 1916 however a board was established to ensure that future awards would be made only for the highest purposes, and some awards were rescinded.
Since the institution of the Medal of Honor, at least 27 have been presented to American Jews, of which four were received posthumously.
American Civil War.
The American Civil War was a major conflict fought between the federal government of the United States and eleven of its member States which sought to secede and to create their own government, the Confederate States of America. It started on April 12, 1861, shortly after Abraham Lincoln was elected President of the United States, and ended four years later on April 9, 1865. During the war over 10,000 military engagements took place and more than 3 million people fought on both sides with 40% of the battles being fought in the states of Virginia and Tennessee.
Since its creation, 1522 have received the Medal of Honor for actions during the American Civil War and depending on sources, as many as seven were Jewish.
Indian Wars.
Indian Wars is the name generally used in the United States to describe a series of conflicts between the colonial or federal government and the native people of North America. The wars, which ranged from the 17th-century to the early 1900s, generally resulted in the opening of Native American lands to further colonization, the conquest of American Indians and their assimilation, or forced relocation to Indian reservations.
According to the U.S. Bureau of the Census (1894), "The Indian wars under the government of the United States have been more than 40 in number. They have cost the lives of about 19,000 white men, women and children, including those killed in individual combats, and the lives of about 30,000 Indians."
From the time the Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War, through the end of the Indian Wars there were 426 recipients who received it for actions in one of the Indian Wars, including four American Jews. The first to receive it was Simon Suhler who received it under the name Charles Gardner; the next two were David Goodman and George Geiger. The last Jew to receive the medal for the Indian wars was Jacob Trautman who received it for his actions in the battle now frequently referred to as the Wounded Knee Massacre.
Philippines.
The Philippine-American War was an armed military conflict between the United States and the First Philippine Republic, fought from 1899 to at least 1902, which arose from a Filipino political struggle against U.S. occupation of the Philippines. While the conflict was officially declared over on July 4, 1902, American troops continued hostilities against remnants of the Philippine Army and other resistance groups until 1913, and some historians consider these unofficial extensions part of the war.
During the Philippine-American War 86 members of the American military received the Medal of Honor. The only American Jew to received it was Private Louis C. Mosher who received it for risking his life while rescuing a wounded soldier from enemy fire.
Battle of Peking, China (Boxer rebellion).
In 1900 the United States dispatched American troops to China as part of a multinational force to quell a rebellion that was endangering the lives of citizens from several countries. The conflict would become known as the Battle of Peking, or as the Boxer rebellion. After the battle, 59 Medals of Honor were presented for actions throughout the event. William Zion from Indiana was the only American Jew to receive the medal during this conflict.
Haiti.
In 1915 Haiti saw several bloody changes in Government leadership and the result was an unstable and dangerous environment for American citizens, business and interests. After a citizen led revolt overthrew and killed the brutal new dictator General Vilbrun Guillaume Sam within 6 months of seizing power President Woodrow Wilson ordered the United States Marines to restore order and protect American property and lives. When the Marines arrived they began engaging the rebel Cacos and in a battle that ended at Fort Riviere, Haiti and resulting in hand to hand combat, the Cacos were eliminated. After the battle six Marines received the Medal of Honor for their actions including Dan Daly, Smedley Butler and the only Jewish Marine to ever receive the Medal, Samuel Marguiles, who received it under the name Samuel Gross.
World War I.
When World War I broke out, the United States initially maintained a policy of isolationism, avoiding conflict while trying to negotiate peace between the warring nations. However, when a German U-boat sank the British liner "Lusitania" in 1915, with 128 Americans aboard, U.S. President Woodrow Wilson vowed, "America isn't too proud to fight" and demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships. Germany complied and Wilson unsuccessfully tried to mediate a settlement. He repeatedly warned that the U.S. would not tolerate unrestricted submarine warfare, in violation of international law. In 1917, three years after the first shots of the war were fired, the United States entered the war and by the end of the conflict more than 4.7 million American soldiers, sailors and Marines would fight in the war.
More than 250,000 Jewish Americans served in the armed forces during the war with more than 3,000 killed in action and another 12,000 being gassed or wounded.
One hundred twenty four people would eventually receive the Medal for their actions during the war, seven of them were Jewish. One of them, William Sawelson, received it posthumously, when he was killed by a machine gun attempting to assist another injured soldier. Another, Lieutenant Edouard Izac, was captured by a German submarine after it sank the ship he was on. He was then taken prisoner and brought aboard where he gathered information about German submarine movements and realizing the importance of the information, determined that he must escape. For his first escape attempt he jumped from a moving train, was recaptured and sent to a prison camp. On his second attempt he successfully escaped the prison camp and made his way through the mountains of southwestern Germany and then swam the Rhine River during the night with German sentries nearby.
World War II.
During World War II 16.1 million American service members served and more than 650,000 of them were Jewish American men and women. More than 50,000 American Jews received medals during the war including five Medals of Honor.
Among the recipients were three Jewish Americans, Isadore S. Jachman, Ben L. Salomon and Raymond Zussman who all received it posthumously. Jachman and Salomon were both killed attempting to assist other fallen soldiers; Zussman's medal was received for risking his life on September 12, 1944, but he was killed less than a month later before receiving it.
Korean War.
When Korea was split into two separate countries, North and South, along the 38th parallel tensions between the two countries were worsened when other countries began to get involved on both sides. The communist country of North Korea was supported by Russia, China and others, while the democratic South was supported by the United Nations and the United States. In 1950 the United States got involved and over the next three years more than 1.5 million US service members would serve in Korea. During the three years of the war 133 Medals of Honor were presented and although more than 150, 000 Jewish American men and women were serving in Korea at that time, not one received the Medal of Honor.
On July 23, 1950 Tibor Rubin was serving as a rifleman in Korea when his unit was forced to retreat and he was ordered to stay behind and keep the road open for the withdrawing unit. During the 24-hour battle he single-handedly fought off an overwhelming number of North Korean troops, inflicting severe casualties on the attacking unit and assisted in the capture of many prisoners. A few months later Chinese forces staged a night-time assault on his unit and Rubin manned a machine gun allowing the unit to retreat southward, again inflicting heavy casualties on the attacking unit. During the battle he was severely wounded and was eventually captured by Chinese forces. Although the Chinese offered to release him early and return him to his native Hungary, he refused, remaining a prisoner and risking his life repeatedly by sneaking out at night to get food and medical supplies for other wounded prisoners.
A 1993 study commissioned by the United States Army to investigate racial discrimination in the awarding of medals. During the investigation it was determined that one Veteran American Jew and Holocaust survivor, Tibor Rubin, had been the subject of discrimination due to his religion and should have received the Medal of Honor. In 2005, 55 years later, President George W. Bush presented the Medal of Honor to Rubin in a ceremony at the White House, for his actions in 1950 during the Korean War.
Vietnam War.
The Vietnam War was a military conflict between the Communist-supported Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the United States-supported Republic of Vietnam. It started in 1959 and concluded April 30, 1975 with the defeat and failure of the United States foreign policy in Vietnam.
During the Vietnam War, 246 Medals of Honor were received, 154 of them posthumously. One American Jew received the Medal, Jack H. Jacobs from the Army from the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="21446065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446065" title="William Hicks (Cherokee chief)">
William Hicks (Cherokee chief)

William Abraham Hicks (1769 - 1837?, age 68) (Cherokee) was a leader and chosen interim Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation in October 1827. He succeeded his older brother Charles Hicks, who died in office in January that year, two weeks after coming to the position. The Cherokee Council named John Ross as second chief, and Elijah Hicks as President of the National Committee. William Hicks served until October 1828, when the Council elected John Ross as principal chief.
Hicke was of mixed race and became a wealthy farmer in the Oothcaloga Valley of present-day Georgia; he supported European-American education for his and other Cherokee children, as well as the opening of a mission and school in the valley. He was baptized as a Christian about 1819, as was his brother and other allies among the Cherokee.
Early life and education.
Charles and William's father was Nathan Hicks (1740–1829), a Scottish trader, son of Robert Hicks and Mary Courtney. Their mother was Nancy Conrad (1740–1770), a half blood, daughter of Swiss immigrant, Johann Conrad (1720–1754) and Jennie Oconastota (b. 1724), daughter of Oconastota Rainmaker (1702–1783) and Ahneewakee of the Red Paint Clan (b. 1704). As the Cherokee had a matrilineal system, the children belonged to their mother's clan, where they gained their social status, and boys were guided by males in their mother's family. Nathan Hicks and Nancy Conrad had: Sarah Gosaduisga (1758), Elizabeth (1759), Mary (1760), Nathan Jr (1764), Elizabeth (1766), Charles (1767) and William (1769).
Career.
William Hicks became active in the tribe, supporting his brother in many actions. He developed a farm in the valley of Oothcaloga Creek, as did Major Ridge and numerous other Cherokee, turning it into a recognized "garden spot". (It was near present-day Calhoun| in Gordon County, Georgia.)
During these years Hicks became allied with Major Ridge, who also had a farm at Oothcaloga. They shared some ambitions for their children and the Cherokee people. They both sent sons to study with the Moravian missionaries, the Gambolds. In addition, William Hicks became baptized as a Christian, as did his brother Charles and his wife, and Ridge's wife Susanna. Ridge later hired a private tutor for his son John Ridge and sent him to a private white school. About 1822 Ridge and Hicks urged Father Gambold to open a mission at Oothcaloga and to establish a missionary school, as they had more children to be educated.
Charles R. Hicks, William's older brother, advanced to become Second Principal Chief of the Cherokee, serving for years in that position. Two weeks after the death of Pathkiller and succeeding him as Principal Chief, Charles also died, on 20 January 1827. The tribe was without a leader and under pressure for land cessions by Georgia and North Carolina. At the time, Major Ridge was Speaker of the Council; he assumed leadership of the lower house. John Ross continued as President of the National Committee, or upper house. Following increasing centralization of leadership for nearly a decade, in 1827 the Cherokee changed their government to a constitutional republic, which incorporated many aspects of Cherokee tradition. 
Perhaps because the adoption of a new constitution had provoked an outcry from representatives of bordering states (Georgia appealed to President John Quincy Adams), the Council chose to put in place an interim government. At its meeting in October 1827 at New Echota, it named Hicks as principal chief, John Ross as second chief, and Elijah Hicks as President of the National Committee. William Hicks succeeded his older brother. William Hicks served until October 1828 during a time of tension; in December 1827 the Georgia government claimed Cherokee territory was under its jurisdiction. 
While the Council was meeting, General Cocke asked it to meet him and two other federal treaty commissioners at Hiwassee, but the Council declined. It said those meetings were only about ceding land to the United States, and the Cherokee had no more land to give.
John Ross became Principal Chief in October 1828. Of European and Cherokee ancestry, he had been educated in American schools, was bilingual, and was among the mixed-race elite leaders of the tribe, who were more acculturated to European-American ways. Most of the tribe did not speak English.
George Lowery was elected Second Principal Chief, Lewis Ross as President of the National Committee, Going Snake as Speaker of the Council, John Martin as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. At that time, William Hicks and Major Ridge were chosen as counselors to the chiefs. Like Ross, the leadership of this National Committee was predominately men of mixed race, who were wealthy and bilingual in English. Members of the National Council, the town chiefs, tended to be full-blood and spoke only Cherokee. Among the issues they were considering was trying to regulate missionary expansion, which both Hicks and Ross discussed. The tribe had asked the missionaries to get their permission before bringing in more personnel but were ignored by the Tennessee Methodist Conference. 
Disappointed that Ross was chosen as Principal Chief over him, Hicks was considered to have become eccentric. Ross took him with a delegation to Washington to discuss land issues, but afterward Hicks' actions were considered increasingly erratic.
Hicks died at age 68 at Oothcaloga Creek, Georgia before the Removal.
Marriage and family.
William Hicks married (1) Lydia Qua-La-Yu-Ga Halfbreed, born about 1792 in Spring Place, Georgia, daughter of James Stands Big Halfbreed (1750-1834) and Hannah Qua-La-Yu-Ga Critterden (1756-1838, daughter of Critter Den and Jennie Dougherty). She was born about 1776 in CNE , and died 1849. Their son Chief George Augustus Hicks, was a Conductor on the Trail of Tears that went through Ft. Smith Arkansas. Lydia also married Leonard Shaw, son Fred Shaw; Daniel McCoy, daughter Catherine McCoy; James Chisholm, children unknown; James Foster, children John Tyler, Wat and Tom Foster; George Chisholm, children Nelson, Lydia and Polly Chisholm.
He married (2) Sarah Bathia Foreman, called Sallie, 1804 in Tennessee, daughter of John Foreman and Susie Ti-Ta-S-Gi-S-Gi Rattling Gourd 1760-1830 (daughter of John Gourd and Teetarskeekee 1741-1828). She was born about 1788 in Cherokee territory in present-day Tennessee and died September 01, 1839 in Fairfield, Cherokee Nation (Indian Territory). Children: Elly, Judge Jay, William Jr, Ruth, Carrington, Margaret, Abijah, Ella, and Sallie. Sallie died on the Trail of Tears Sept 1, 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="21446068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446068" title="Joel Myerson">
Joel Myerson

Joel Myerson (born 1945) is a Distinguished Professor Emeritus of English Language and Literature at the University of South Carolina. He has edited many books about the works of such American literary figures as Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Louisa May Alcott, Emily Dickinson, and Walt Whitman. 
He has served as President of the Ralph Waldo Emerson Society and the Thoreau Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="21446070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446070" title="National Union of Healthcare Workers">
National Union of Healthcare Workers

National Union of Healthcare Workers (NUHW) is an independent labor union based in Oakland, California. It was formed in 2009 after a split with the SEIU United Healthcare Workers West. It represents a diverse spectrum of health care workers around the United States.
History.
NUHW was founded in 2009 by former members of United Healthcare Workers-West, a local of the Service Employees International Union, after the local was placed in trusteeship by its international union. The local's membership and the international leadership were at odds over SEIU's organizing philosophy and the local's financial management. NUHW soon organized thousands of health care workers who were previously SEIU members, as well as workers who were not then union members.
In January 2013, NUHW announced it had affiliated with the California Nurses Association. The CNA is a trade union representing about 85,000 nurses and healthcare workers in California and other states. It is an affiliate of the AFL-CIO.
Membership.
NUHW has won elections to represent more than 9,000 healthcare workers in California and Michigan. The union lost an election in 2010 to represent more than 40,000 Kaiser Permanente workers in California, who are still SEIU members. In July 2011, an administrative law judge threw out those results and ordered a new election. SEIU prevailed in the second election, held in April 2013.
Philosophy.
Many of the former UHW-West members who later formed NUHW accused SEIU leaders of operating the union with a "top-down" philosophy, where union staff leaders hold all the power, rather than members. Critics in the broader labor movement agreed, noting, for example, SEIU's replacement of hands-on union stewards with a toll-free number. By contrast, UHW-West had a reputation for empowering its members and NUHW was founded along the same principles. 

</doc>
<doc id="21446099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446099" title="Phoebe Omlie">
Phoebe Omlie

Phoebe Jane Fairgrave Omlie (November 21, 1902 – July 17, 1975) was an American aviation pioneer, particularly noted for her accomplishments as an early female aviator. Omlie was the first female to receive an airplane mechanic's license, the first licensed female transport pilot, and the first female to be appointed to a federal position in the aviation field.
During the late 1920s and early 1930s, Omlie set several world records in aviation, including the highest altitude parachute jump by a female. She was also the first female to cross the Rocky Mountains in a light aircraft, and was considered by First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt to be one of "eleven women whose achievements make it safe to say the world is progressing".
Early life.
Phoebe Jane Fairgrave was born in Des Moines, Iowa on November 21, 1902, and was the only daughter of parents Harry J. Park and Madge Traister Park. After divorcing Harry Park Madge married Andrew Fairgrave who adopted her two children, Phoebe and Paul. Phoebe and her brother, Paul, attended Oak Park School in Des Moines until she was 12, when she and her family moved to St. Paul, Minnesota. There, Fairgrave attended Madison School and Mechanic Arts High School and graduated in 1920. Fairgrave's interest in aviation was sparked the day before she graduated, when President Woodrow Wilson visited Minneapolis. President Wilson's visit was commemorated by a flyover and was the first airshow of any kind that Fairgrave had witnessed.
Aviation career.
Shortly after graduating high school, Fairgrave spent a few months at the Guy Durrell Dramatic School and worked briefly as a secretary. Bored with the prospects, she began hanging around airfields near her home and attempted to convince the airport manager to allow one of his flight instructors to take her flying. The manager finally agreed, thinking that he could scare Fairgrave's interest in aviation out of her by performing various aerobatic maneuvers in an attempt to make her sick. Instead, Fairgrave demanded more flight time and used some of her inheritance to purchase a Curtiss JN-4 biplane after her fourth flight.
Still in her teens, Fairgrave started performing stunts on the wing of her aircraft as another pilot remained at the controls. Fairgrave began wing walking, learned to hang below the plane by her teeth, parachute, and "dance the Charleston on the top wing". Using the stunts she had learned, Fairgrave claimed the record for the highest parachute jump for a female by jumping from her plane at 15,200 feet (MSL) and earned a movie deal, flying aerobatic stunts for the film serial "The Perils of Pauline". This was her first flight with Vernon C. Omlie, who would become her husband. Following the record setting jump, Fairgrave and Omlie flew around the country on a barnstorming tour and eventually married in 1922.
In 1925, the Omlies moved to Memphis, Tennessee and began offering flying lessons and mechanical services to local residents. A year later, in 1927, Phoebe became the first female to receive an airplane mechanic's license, as well as the first licensed female transport pilot. While Vernon continued operating the business and working as a flight instructor, Phoebe began working for the Mono Aircraft Company. Flying the company's Monocoupe light aircraft in 1928, Omlie set a world altitude record for females when she reached 25,400 feet (MSL). That same year, Omlie competed in the Edsel Ford Air Tour and became the first female to cross the Rocky Mountains in a light aircraft. Omlie later joined the Ninety-Nines as a charter member after competing in a race with Amelia Earhart.
Omlie's success as a pilot was recognized by the Democratic National Committee, and she was enlisted to fly a female speaker around the country for Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidential campaign. After the successful campaign, Omlie was appointed by President Roosevelt as the "Special Adviser for Air Intelligence to the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics". This made her the first female to be appointed to a federal aviation position. In this role, Omlie acted as a "liaison between the National Advisory Committee of Aeronautics and the Bureau of Air Commerce" alongside Amelia Earhart to create what would become the National Airspace System.
On August 5, 1936, Vernon Omlie and seven passengers were killed when a commercial flight they were aboard crashed in St. Louis, Missouri while attempting to land in foggy conditions. Phoebe Omlie immediately resigned her position in Washington, D.C. and returned to Memphis. Following her husband's death, Omlie did not return to Washington, D.C. until 1941, when she accepted a job as "Senior Private Flying Specialist of the Civil Aeronautics Authority". In this position, and to meet the severe need for pilots for service in WWII, Omlie established 66 flight schools in 46 states, including a school in Tuskegee, Alabama that would later train the infamous Tuskegee Airmen. With the Tennessee Bureau of Aeronautics, she established an "experimental" program to train women as instructors. The first class, ten women from various states, trained between September and February 1943, and was meant to establish her strong and, to some, controversial belief that " . . . if women can teach men to walk, they can teach them to fly." These women went on to instruct both men and women pilots both in military and civilian flight training programs, including the Navy V-5 and the USAAF Women Airforce Service Pilots. 
Unhappy about the increasing regulation of the aviation industry by the United States Federal Government under President Harry S. Truman, Omlie resigned in 1952 and left aviation.
Later life.
After resigning from the Civil Aeronautics Authority, Omlie returned to Memphis and purchased a cattle farm in Como, Mississippi. Omlie's inexperience with operating a cattle farm posed a problem in running the business, and she traded the farm a few years later for a small cafe and hotel in Lambert, Mississippi. The hotel business proved to be just as unsuccessful for Omlie, who returned to Memphis in 1961. 
Leading up to the final years before her death, Omlie made little money as a public speaker. The last few years of Omlie's life were spent in seclusion, living in a flophouse in Indianapolis, Indiana, fighting lung cancer and alcoholism. Omlie died on July 17, 1975, and was buried next to her husband in Forest Hill Cemetery.
In June 1982, a new air traffic control tower was dedicated and named in honor of Phoebe and Vernon Omlie at the Memphis International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21446104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446104" title="Tamaki Nami Reproduct Best">
Tamaki Nami Reproduct Best

Tamaki Nami Reproduct Best is a remix album released by Japanese Pop singer Nami Tamaki on March 25, 2009. The album is a compilation of Tamaki's singles, all remixed. The album has some entirely new remixes as well as some old ones.

</doc>
<doc id="21446117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446117" title="Iqram Dinzly">
Iqram Dinzly

Muhammad Iqram Dinzly bin Muhammad Saipuddin (born September 29, 1981) or Iqram Dinzly is a Malaysia actor, model and a television host.
Career.
He been debut in 2005 and actively acting in few dramas and film in 2006. He is noted for the television series "Janji Diana" (as Ijoy) and "Dunia Baru" (as Umar Darius) during the program's second and third seasons.
Beside, been an actor, he also a dancer and model.
Early life.
He is the third of four siblings and was born in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. He also have diploma in Performing Arts at Universiti Teknologi Mara (UITM).
Award.
In 2006, he won the Bachelor With Not A Hair Out of Place organized by "Cleo" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21446139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446139" title="Chris Danou">
Chris Danou

Christopher H. "Chris" Danou (born January 18, 1967) is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 91st Assembly District since his election in 2008. 
Danou earned a BA in History, an MA in International Relations and an MS in Wildlife Biology. He was a Police Officer in Onalaska, Wisconsin, President of the Onalaska Professional Police Association and a member of the County Emergency Response Team (SWAT Unit) and the Metropolitan Enforcement Group.

</doc>
<doc id="21446146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446146" title="Serge Ivanoff">
Serge Ivanoff

Serge Petrovitch Ivanoff (25 December 1893, Moscow – 8 February 1983, Paris) is a Russian painter.
Biography.
The son of a family of Moscovite merchants, Serge Ivanoff was artistic from a young age. On his parents' move to St. Petersburg he took the opportunity for further studies, and contact with Europe. In 1917, while the Russian Revolution raged, he entered what was then the "Higher Arts College of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture at the Imperial Academy of Arts" (which was to become, by 1992, the "I.E. Repin St. Petersburg State Academic Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture",
subordinated within the Russian Academy of Arts).
In 1920, his wife, with their two children, fled the Bolsheviks to Paris. Two years later, having finished his studies and forever marked by the horrors of the revolution, Serge joined them in Paris.
A talented portraitist, he executed the portraits of many personalities, among which were the Pope Pius XI, Serge Lifar, Yvette Chauviré, Arthur Honegger, Edwige Feuillère, Vladimir Kirillovich, Grand Duke of Russia, Princess Vassili, Aleksandr Benois, Zinaida Serebriakova, Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanov, Alexandre Barbera-Ivanoff, Paul Valéry, Jacques Fath, Eleanor Roosevelt, Jefferson Caffery. Among the lesser known, Ivanoff also painted: the sculptor François Cogné (Cogné, in French), and the American designer and artist Irina Belotelkin.
In 1950, Ivanoff moved to the United States; one year later he became an honorary citizen. For over a decade he traveled across the American continent, executing many portraits. At the end of the 1960s, he returned to France. He was a member of the Salon des Indépendants. In 1966, France's first Minister of Cultural Affairs, André Malraux, awarded him a gold medal.
References.
The French-language version of this page (Serge Ivanoff) with adjustments (see ).

</doc>
<doc id="21446156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446156" title="Castilleja lemmonii">
Castilleja lemmonii

Castilleja lemmonii is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Lemmon's Indian paintbrush. It is native to the high mountain ranges of eastern California and just into western Nevada, where it grows in moist meadows. It is a perennial herb 10 to 20 centimeters tall coated in glandular hairs. The leaves are 2 to 4 centimeters long and linear to narrowly lance-shaped. The inflorescence is made up of many purple- or pink-tipped greenish bracts. Between the bracts appear small yellowish flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="21446179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446179" title="Old Tassel">
Old Tassel

Utsi'dsata (or Corntassel), known to history as Old Tassel, was "First Beloved Man" (the equivalent of a regional Cherokee chief) of the Overhill Cherokee after 1783. He continuously tried to keep the Cherokee people of the Overhill region out of the Chickamauga Wars being fought at the time between the American frontiersmen and the Chickamauga warriors under Dragging Canoe.
Family.
Old Tassel's brothers were the warriors Pumpkin Boy and Doublehead. His maternal nephew was John Watts, also known as "Young Tassel."
Known history.
Old Tassell became "First Beloved Man" of the Overhill, and other like-minded Cherokee, in 1783, after the tribal elders removed his predecessor, The Raven of Chota (also known as "Savanukah"). Being a strong advocate of peace, Old Tassel strove (with only some success), to keep the people of the Overhill towns out of the Chickamauga wars which were being fought at the time between the white settlers and the Chickamauga in what is now East Tennessee.
Notorious death.
He and another pacifist chief, Abraham of Chilhowee, were murdered under a flag of truce during an entreaty to the State of Franklin in 1788. The act was considered an atrocity by the Cherokee, and briefly brought all the Cherokee to support the hostile actions of the warriors following Dragging Canoe.

</doc>
<doc id="21446180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446180" title="In Overdrive">
In Overdrive

In Overdrive is an album released in 2009 by American country music artist Aaron Tippin. The album is composed of truck driving song covers with the exception of the last two tracks, which are original. Tippin's 2008 single "Drill Here, Drill Now" is also featured in the album. Among the covers are "Drivin' My Life Away" (a Number One for Eddie Rabbitt) and "Roll On (Eighteen Wheeler)" (a Number One for Alabama).

</doc>
<doc id="21446188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446188" title="List of WSA number 1 ranked players">
List of WSA number 1 ranked players

This article is a list of WSA number 1 ranked players in the Official Women's Squash World Ranking.
Number 1 ranked Women's Squash Association (WSA) players.
"Accumulated totals are bolded on each player's final streak."
"As of July, 2014."
Months at number 1.
"As of July, 2014"
Note: Active streak is in bold.
Months at no. 1 by country.
"As of July, 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="21446199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446199" title="Dean Računica">
Dean Računica

Dean Računica, (born 5 December 1969 in Šibenik), is a former Croatian footballer. He is currently manager of Junak Sinj in the Druga HNL.
Računica played for Hajduk Split in the Croatian Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="21446213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446213" title="Alligator farm">
Alligator farm

An alligator farm or crocodile farm is an establishment for breeding and raising of crocodilians in order to produce alligator meat, leather, and other goods. Many species of both alligators and crocodiles are farmed internationally.
History.
Though not truly domesticated, alligators and crocodiles have been bred in farms since at least the early 20th century. However, the vast majority of these early businesses were farms in name only, primarily keeping alligators and crocodiles as a tourist attraction. The St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park, established in 1893, is a prime example of this early type of alligator farm. Only in the 1960s did commercial operations that either harvested eggs from the wild or bred alligators on-site begin to appear. This was largely driven by diminishing stocks of wild alligators, which had been hunted nearly to extinction around this time.
As the American Alligator was placed under official protection in 1967 (under a law preceding the 1973 Endangered Species Act) farming alligators for skins became the most viable option for producing leather (aside from illegal poaching). Mostly concentrated in the Southern U.S. states of Louisiana, Florida, and Georgia, the practice quickly spread to other nations. Both the American and Chinese Alligator are farmed intensively today, mostly within each species' respective native region. The Nile crocodile is found in ranches all over Africa, and the Saltwater crocodile is farmed in Australia and other areas. The smaller caimans are generally not of enough market value to farm, though some captive breeding of the spectacled caiman does take place in South America.
Farming alligators and crocodiles first grew out of the demand for skins, which can fetch hundreds of dollars a piece. But alligator and crocodile meat, which was long a part of Southern cooking (especially Cajun cuisine) and some Asian and African cuisines, began to be sold later and shipped around the world to markets unfamiliar with crocodilian meat. Chinese cuisine based on traditional Chinese medicine considers alligator meat to be a curative food for colds and cancer prevention, although there is no scientific evidence to support this.
Effects.
A common misconception is that crocodilians are an easy source of revenue and not difficult to care for in captivity; however, few crocodilian businesses are successful in the developing world. To offset overhead costs and have a regular source of income, crocodilian facilities can add tourism; by utilizing different types of farming, such as ranching and breeding, with tourism alligator farming can maximize advantages for native species and provide jobs for people in that area.
Alligator farming has minimal adverse effects on the environment, but has at least two positive direct effects on alligator conservation. Because the luxury goods industry has a reliable stream of product, they don't have to resort to illegal poaching to obtain skins. A second is that alligator farmers will release juvenile crocodilians into the wild to support steady population growth. Wild alligator conservation has also benefited indirectly from farming. Businesses engaging in ranching protect alligator habitats to take care of nesting sites to ensure a healthy population. Because there is an fiscal incentive to keep a healthy environment for breeding alligators, the animals are seen as an economic resource. This can also augment the government’s willingness to be involved in taking care of crocodilians and see monetary returns.
Alligator farming has far-reaching implications, not limited to pricing, on poaching. Alligator farming has not led to an increase in poaching due to laundering, when poached products enter the market by infiltrating an legal stream, as expected because of a conjecture that people will experience less remorse when obtaining illegal animal products because consumption and trade has become licit.
More studies are needed to see if animals other than crocodilians can benefit from the application of sustainable and ethical farming.
Methods.
Ranching, wild harvesting, and captive breeding are the three ways to obtain crocodilians recognized by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) and the Crocodile Specialist Group (CSG).
There are a number of options for housing captive crocodiles that can be adapted to suit the individual goals of any facility. Acres of lake and marsh habitat enclosed to house many animals, or as limited as small pens used for one or two individuals. Adult crocodiles require a great amount of space due to their life span which can last up to 50 years. (Thorbjarnarson 1992). Regardless of the type of enclosure that you decide to use it all depends on how effectively it can be cleaned on a regular basis with not disturbing the crocodiles and alligators.
Ranching involves collecting eggs or juveniles from the wild and rearing them to market size in grow out facilities. A certain percentage of the eggs or juveniles collected in ranching operations can then be returned to the wild at a size that should ensure a higher survival rate adults and young adults can also be harvested directly from the wid (Mazzotti 1987: Cox and Rahman 1994). These methods would be considered “open cycle” since they are ultimately concerned with the health and viability of wild populations and habitat in order to maintain (Thorbjarnarson 1992; ox and Rahman1994)
No growth hormones are given to the crocodiles on many farms, but they are given growth promoters such as zinc bacitracin.
Concerns.
Some concerns about alligator farming have been raised over the years, especially for the animals’ welfare, as well as possible impact it may have on the surrounding environments. The first major concern is for the alligators’ welfare on the farm, especially the threat of alligator/crocodile exclusive diseases. These diseases include caiman pox, adenoviral Hepatitis, Mycoplasmosis, and Chlamydiosis. Crocodiles are known to suffer greatly from stress, and the tight spaced captivity of the farms can cause outbreaks of these various illnesses. Most crocodiles like to keep a body temperature within 28 and 33 degrees Celsius. The crocs on the farms can get up to a dangerous 36 degrees Celsius which will lower the animals immune system, and put them at risk of various illnesses. The other concern is for the crocodiles water, and making sure its clean enough for them to swim in.
Environmental impact is also a key concern with animal farming. In Louisiana and Florida mosquitoes that carry the west Nile form of malaria have been found as a result of the crocodile and alligator farms. The other concern is damaging future generations of crocodiles/ alligator’s ecosystems outside of the farms. As of late the ecosystems outside of the farms have been strong but studies have shown that there is a possibility of decline in the coming years.
Complications.
Many diseases and complications arise with alligator farming.
Pests.
Many landowners across the United States are experiencing issues with property damage from Sus scrofa L. (Fera 1 Swine), that is becoming widespread. (Ditchkofff and Mayer 2009, Mayer and Brisbin 2009).
Hogs also are capable of ruining crops and wildlife homes. In fact, the hogs are the ones spreading disease to wildlife, livestock and humans. In addition to the harmful effects on habitats, a major financial loss is due to the alligators eggs being eaten. Studies were done to assess nest losses and see if the hogs impacted the nests. There has been reports from farmers that efforts for hog removal has decreased feral swine damage. By doing these procedures, future losses may be lessened.
Disease.
Studies show that between 2001 and 2003, West Nile virus (WNV) infections and related deaths were stated to be in American alligators (Alligator mississippiensis) in Georgia, Florida, Louisiana, and Idaho (Miller et al. 2003, Jacobson et al. 2005, Nevarez et al. 2005). The results of WNV in alligators is a huge economic loss to alligator farming. There was a study done to find species parts and presence of WNV in mosquito populations that are connected with alligator farms in Louisiana. This study was also done to find the beginning of mosquito blood meals that were collected at profitable alligator farms. The study strongly suggests that mosquitoes play an important role in WNV transmission for captured alligators, and if we take action to control mosquitoes at these profitable farms there will be a decrease in WNV transmission".
Another study was done in Mexico to identify WNV infections. The data that was collected showed a high level of the pathogen (86%) for WNV in crocodiles in the crocodile farm in Ciudad del Carmen. On the other hand, the crocodiles had been traveling in the past which can conclude that they may have been infected with WNV in the neighboring states of Yucatán or Tabasco. This means this disease is spreading so fast and could be damaging more habitats quickly.
The skin, most notably the underside, of alligators and crocodiles is what people really care about, because its what people make most of their products out of, so it is very important that diseases of the skin be treated properly and effectively. Many of the diseases that occur to the alligators on the farm come from a lack of sanitation, low water temperatures, and poor diet, however, all these can be corrected pretty easily.
Crocodiles have specific diseases, which can vary between species. Salmonellae is a common disease on some farms, and mainly has to do with what food the alligators are given. Also, sometimes it has to do with the way the animals are killed and other types of hygiene practices. Another type of disease some alligators end up getting is Chlamydia, (specifically Chlamydia psittaci). Alligators that end up getting this disease can have it for their entire lives if not treated, and one way of treating chlamydia in alligators in Tetracycline. Alligators and Crocodiles can also end up getting Mycobacteria. They usually get it from being fed infected animals.
Illnesses
Other diseases affecting Crocodilians include
Popular culture.
A crocodilian farm in Louisiana is featured in the 1973 James Bond film "Live and Let Die". Tee Hee Johnson, one of the villain's henchman, attempts to feed James Bond to the alligators and crocodiles.
In the second season of "The Amazing Race Australia", teams had to visit a Cuban alligator farm and feed a wheelbarrow full of chum to a pen of alligators along with capturing an alligator with a stick and rope in order to receive their next clue.

</doc>
<doc id="21446235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446235" title="Aventis School of Management">
Aventis School of Management

Aventis School of Management is an international graduate business school. Aventis School of Management (Asia) campus is based in Singapore offers a strong focus on leadership and general management skills. Aventis School of Management is one of the five business schools in Singapore that is registered with European Foundation for Management Development and the European Council for Business Education (ECBE). Aventis EMBA is also accredited by the EMBA Council, which was formed in 1981 to accredit schools of business offering EMBA worldwide.
Educational Offerings.
Aventis offers three main educational offerings
Executive Masters Programs.
Aventis collaborates with Zicklin School of Business and Baruch College, New York, to bring the Zicklin Executive Masters programs to Singapore for all senior executives across ASEAN. The programs includes the Executive MBA, Executive Master of Science in Marketing & International Business, Finance, HR & Global leadership, Information Systems and Business Computing Information Systems and Psychology (Industrial and Organizational)and Entrepreneurship. In 2010, Aventis announced its partnership with Arcadia University to offer an International MBA program tailored for working professionals in Singapore. In 2011, Aventis announced 2 new partnership with University of Louisville and California State University to offer the Professional MBA and the MBA with specializations in Finance, Information Technology and International Management in Singapore.
Graduate Diploma Programs.
Aventis offersGraduate Diploma programs in Marketing, finance & investment, risk management, service leadership, Human Capital Development, Training & Development, organizational Psychology, social psychology & Counselling, and Financial engineering. 
Aventis collaborates with Professional bodies such as the Chartered institute of Marketing (UK), American Association of Financial Management and the Centre for Behaviorial Science (CBS) to offer professional certifications
Executive Education.
Aventis conducts leadership and professional development programs through collaboration with partners such as Baruch College, The City University of New York, the largest AACSB Accredited Business School in US and The School of Management, University of St Andrews, oldest university in Scotland and third oldest in the English-speaking world.
Aventis conducts senior management training including Advanced Management Program (AMP); Global CEO Program and Advanced CFO Program. Participants usually are senior or top management, with many years of professional experience or younger high potential executives.
Public Lectures.
Aventis regularly organises public lectures, featuring thought leaders from various disciplines to educate the public of the changing global environment. On April 9, Aventis in collaboration with Zicklin School of Business hosted the Annual Public Lecture Series-Beyond The Financial Crisis: Ethics & Professional Responsibilities by Professor Larry Zicklin who endowed the Wharton's Carol and Lawrence Zicklin Center for Business Ethics Research and the Robert Zicklin Center for Corporate Integrity (CCI) at Baruch College.
Research Centres of Excellence.
Aventis School of Management has a number of research centres which are based on interdisciplinary and industry networks across different business communities. The centres are:
Seminars & Workshops.
Aventis organises Executive Workshops & Seminars in the following areas: finance and investment, accounting, general management, leadership, strategy, presentation skills, soft skills, decision making, people and performance management, marketing, innovations and entrepreneurship Aventis- Seminars & Workshops.
Aventis School of Management also invited international speakers including Professor Victoria Dalko from Harvard University to conduct Masterclass courses in Mergers & Acquisitions and Business Valutions.
Other events include joint collaboration with KhattarWong, a regional law firm to co-sponsor a business conference in "Doing Business in ASEAN: Managing Your Risks in Today's Business World" Conference. This regional conference is supported by The Singapore Business Federation(SBF) and The Singapore institute of Directors (SID).
Customized In-house Training.
Aventis works with corporate clients to design and deliver tailor made in house training. Programmes include mentoring and coaching, financial statement analysis, leadership development and market innovations. Post event evaluation will allow corporate clients to assess the effectiveness of the training.
International Masters in Business Administration.
In conjunction with California State University, Sacramento, Aventis began offering IMBA programs in the fall of 2012. Students can choose from three focuses of International Management, IT Management, or Finance. Part of the course is web based, with the remainder containing upfront lectures from Sac State faculty.
Achievements.
In 2009, Aventis trained over 1,500 participants. Aventis School of management is the sponsor of the HRM Awards 2009 for Best Graduate Development, The Singapore HR Awards organized by the Singapore Human Resources Institute (SHRI) and the Singapore HR Congress.
Aventis School of Management is listed in the TOP MBA Career Guide 2010 from peer surveys by Quacquarelli Symonds.
In 2009, one of Aventis's graduate students, Ms Anna White, won the world best student award for Professional Postgraduate diploma in marketing award from the Chartered institute of marketing conferred personally by Sir Paul Judge, President of CIM and benefactor of Judge Business School, Cambridge University.

</doc>
<doc id="21446238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446238" title="Idon">
Idon

Idon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446240" title="Kwongsai">
Kwongsai

Kwongsai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446242" title="Plače">
Plače

Plače () is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. Together with the neighbouring villages of Male Žablje and Vipavski Križ it forms the local community of Vipavski Križ.

</doc>
<doc id="21446243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446243" title="CA 242 (tumor marker)">
CA 242 (tumor marker)

CA 242 is a tumor marker for sialylated Lewis carbohydrates associated with adenocarcinomas and e-selectin-mediated metastatic risk.

</doc>
<doc id="21446273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446273" title="Castilleja lineariiloba">
Castilleja lineariiloba

Castilleja lineariiloba (orth.var. "C. lineariloba") is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name sagebrush Indian paintbrush that is endemic to the grasslands of the Sierra Nevada foothills in California.
Description.
"C. lineariiloba" is an annual herb growing up to about 45 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to about 7 centimeters long and covered in glandular hairs. The large inflorescence is made up of many greenish bracts tipped in white, yellow, or pale purple. Between the bracts are the pouched, lipped flowers, which may be white, yellow, or rose in color, and sometimes speckled with darker shades.

</doc>
<doc id="21446282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446282" title="Savanukah">
Savanukah

Savanukahwn was the Raven of Chota in the late 18th century. The nephew of Oconostota, he became First Beloved Man of the Cherokee in the fall of 1781. He was ousted by the elders of the Overhill towns in 1783 in favor of the more pacifist Old Tassel. Earlier, during the Second Cherokee War which served as a prelude to the Chickamauga wars, he led the attack against the frontier settlements of Carter's Valley in 1776, while Dragging Canoe of Great Island led the attack on the settlements along the Holston River and Abraham of Chilhowie led that on those of the Watauga and Nolichucky Rivers, all these being in what is now East Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="21446310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446310" title="Planina, Ajdovščina">
Planina, Ajdovščina

Planina () is a village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley on the border with the Karst Plateau in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is made up of smaller clusters of the hamlets of Štrancarji, Marci, Dolenja Vas (), Brithi, Gorenja Vas (), and Koboli.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Cantius and belongs to the Koper Diocese. A second church belonging to the parish is built on a hill south of the main settlement and is dedicated to Saint Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="21446329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446329" title="Lawrence Westbrook">
Lawrence Westbrook

Lawrence Westbrook (born January 17, 1988) is an American professional basketball point guard. As a senior with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers basketball team, he averaged 12.2 points per game in the 2008-09 season, and was the Golden Gophers' leading scorer.
He is also the cousin of former NFL player Brian Westbrook.
High school career.
As a junior at Chandler High School in Chandler, Arizona, he led the nation in scoring with 41.0 points per contest. He had 883 points in just 22 games that season. He then transferred to Winchendon Prep High in Winchendon, Massachusetts as a senior, where he averaged 19.0 points per game as a senior. Rivals.com named him the 75th best high school basketball player of the decade. He signed with the Minnesota Golden Gophers in the fall of 2005.
College career.
Westbrook was leading scorer for the Gophers in the 2008-09 season. He has started almost every game in both his sophomore and junior seasons. In a January 15, 2009 overtime win against the Wisconsin Badgers at the Kohl Center, he had a season-high 29 points, including nine in the extra session, while going 10-for-16 from the field (including 7-of-7 from the free-throw line and 2-for-2 from beyond the arc). He also hit the game-tying 3-pointer with 2 seconds remaining in regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="21446330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446330" title="Nick Milroy">
Nick Milroy

Nick Milroy (born April 15, 1974) is a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 73rd Assembly District since his election in 2008.
Biography.
Nick Milroy was born in Duluth, Minnesota and raised in Superior, Wisconsin. His parents were public school teachers and local small business owners. Nick's wife, Julie, is also a public school teacher. The couple are parents to two sons, Maverik and MacLane, and a daughter, Marleigh. 
Immediately after graduation from Superior Senior High School, Nick enlisted in the United States Navy where he deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch. Upon his return, he continued to serve in the Navy Reserve while pursuing his biology degree at the University of Wisconsin–Superior and also attended University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. He later taught biology at the University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. He also served on the Superior Common Council. 
He was appointed to a regional board to reduce mercury pollution in the St. Louis River watershed and formerly served as an international representative on the Lake Superior Binational Forum. He has also worked as a biologist for state, federal, and tribal agencies. Milroy is currently serving his second term where he is dedicated to supporting working families and providing a voice for those who might otherwise go unheard.
As a legislator, Milroy uses his extensive biology and natural resource expertise as a member of the Committees on Natural Resources, Forestry, and Veterans and Military Affairs in the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Capitol Incident.
On March 3, 2011, Milroy was tackled by law enforcement officers while attempting to enter the Capitol during the emotionally charged 2011 Wisconsin protests to retrieve clothing. He said in a statement that "no harm was done", but criticized the "armed-palace environment created by Gov. Walker". 

</doc>
<doc id="21446338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446338" title="Castilleja mendocinensis">
Castilleja mendocinensis

Castilleja mendocinensis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Mendocino Coast Indian paintbrush. It is native to the coastline of Mendocino County, California, where it grows in coastal sage scrub habitat. It is also known from isolated occurrences in Humboldt County and possibly in Oregon. This is a heavily branching, spreading perennial herb growing up to about 60 centimeters long. It is coated in bristles and light-colored rough hairs, giving it a gray-green color. The leaves are fleshy and rounded or oval in shape, and not more than about 2 centimeters long. The inflorescence is made up of layers of lobed bracts which are greenish at the base and tipped with shades of bright orange-red to red. Between the bracts emerge the hairy, tubular flowers which are greenish or yellowish and sometimes red-tinted. The fruit is a capsule up to 2 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="21446354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446354" title="List of The Veronicas concert tours">
List of The Veronicas concert tours

This is a complete list of tours by Australian band The Veronicas. As of 2009, they have headlined five national tours and have supported five other tours.
2006 US Tour.
The US tour was their first ever headling tour. The tour was in support of their first album "The Secret Life of...". The tour began on 28 January 2006 and finished 3 March 2006. The supporting acts were October Fall and Jonas Brothers.
Australian Tour 2006.
The Australian Tour was their first ever tour in Australia. The nine date tour commenced on 13 April 2006 in Newcastle and concluded on 24 April 2006. The supporting act was Elemeno P. All the shows were sell outs.
The Revolution Tour.
The Revolution Tour is The Veronicas second Australian tour and was announced in June, 2006. This tour marked one year since they released their first single, "4ever", in 2005. The tour commenced on 4 August and finished on 27 August 2006. Supporting acts were originally Avalon Drive and Ryan Cabrera but Cabrera dropped out of the tour due to his split from Veronicas twin Lisa.
Exposed... The Secret Life of The Veronicas.
On 2 December 2006 The Veronicas released a CD/DVD, entitled "Exposed... The Secret Life of The Veronicas" in Australia which featured live performances from The Revolution Tour and a DVD featuring parts of the sisters' live performances throughout 2005–2006, including footage that had previously not been seen, and their music videos. The album debuted at #6 on the ARIA DVD Charts accrediting platinum in its first week. The second week it rose to its peak of #3 and was accredited Double Platinum.
Hook Me Up Tour.
The Hook Me Up Tour is The Veronicas third national tour of Australia supporting their second album "Hook Me Up". The tour went for 10 shows beginning on 30 November 2007 and finishing on 12 December 2007. The supporting acts for the tour were Dean Geyer and Calerway.
Revenge Is Sweeter Tour.
The Revenge Is Sweeter Tour is a tour by The Veronicas which was announced in November 2008.
Tour information.
The sixteen date tour was their first to extend outside of Australia into New Zealand. The tour will begin on 13 February 2009 in Newcastle and conclude on 7 March 2009 in Dunedin, New Zealand. On 3 April 2009 they announced the show would continue with a US leg starting on 4 June 2009 and ending on 18 July 2009 and then continuing in Japan from 7 August to 9 August 2009. On 5 May 2009 it was announced that there would be two shows in Canada one on 27 June and the other on 15 July before they head to Japan. Was announced on 4 August 2009 that while on a promotional visit to the United Kingdom 3 dates of the tour would be played from 23–25 September 2009. A CD/DVD version of the tour was released on 1 September 2009 in Australia. After the tour ended they made their first show in Latin America in the Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica 2009 in Bogota, Colombia.
Critical reception.
The tour received mostly positive reviews commenting on the crowd atomosphere and their vocal abilities.
GenQ stated ""...the girls were on stage for 1 ½ hours of entertainment in every sense of the word"".
The Courier Mail gave a positive review saying ""There was plenty of sass, not to mention skin-tight sequined pants, multiple costume changes and lashings of red lipstick, but the girls' big voices were the main attraction"" as well as commenting on their performance of 'Heavily Broken' stating ""Their emotion-laden ballad Heavily Broken, dedicated to the victims of Victoria's Bushfires, was the only thing that could draw silence from the crowd"" and ended it with a comment on the shows family friendly nature saying ""If the applause was any indicator, Saturday night's crowd - mums and dads included - were proud of their local girls done good"".
Adelaide Now reviewed their performance at the Thebarton Theatre and commented on their stage presence saying ""With a string quartet brought in for some songs, back-up dancers for others, The Veronicas delivered a varied and energy filled set""

</doc>
<doc id="21446374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446374" title="Paul Renne">
Paul Renne

Paul R. Renne (born 1957, San Antonio, Texas) is the director of the Berkeley Geochronology Center and also Professor in Residence of geology in the Department of Earth & Planetary Science, University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley). Renne is considered a leading expert on the argon–argon dating technique and is interested in paleomagnetism in Earth history, precisely dating flood basalts, particularly the Siberian Traps, and large igneous province volcanism in general, and paleoanthropology. Renne received his A.B. and his Ph.D. in geology from UC Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="21446390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446390" title="Kelda Roys">
Kelda Roys

Kelda Roys (born June 24, 1979) is an attorney, an entrepreneur, a real estate broker, and a former Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. She represented the 81st Assembly District from 2008 until 2013, and during the 2011-2013 session, served as Minority Caucus Chair. In September 2011, ran for Congress in Wisconsin's 2nd congressional district, a race she lost in August 2012. She left the Assembly when her second term ended in 2013.
Early life and education.
Kelda Helen Roys was born in Marshfield, Wisconsin, the oldest of four daughters. She attended public schools in Madison, Wisconsin and graduated from Madison East High School.
Roys attended New York University where she designed her own major in politics, drama, and cultural studies, and received a B.A. degree in 2000. She received a J.D. from the University of Wisconsin Law School, focusing on civil rights and international law, and was a participant in the Wisconsin Innocence Project.
Career.
Law.
During and after college, Roys worked full time as a real estate agent at The Marketing Directors, Inc. During law school, she worked at several international law firms, including Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and a firm in Istanbul, Turkey. After law school, she served for four years as the executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin.
Politics.
Wisconsin State Assembly.
In 2008, Roys won election to the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 81st Assembly district, filling the seat left vacant by the retirement of Dave Travis, who had held the seat since 1983. She won a six-way Democratic primary with 30% of the vote and was unopposed in the general election.
After being reelected in 2010, Roys was chosen by her peers to serve as the Democratic Caucus Chair in the Assembly. Roys served as Vice-Chair of the Committee on Health and Healthcare Reform, and later served as ranking member on the Committee on Elections and Campaign Finance Reform and the Committee on Consumer Protection & Personal Privacy.
2012 Congressional election.
In 2012, when Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin ran for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Herb Kohl, Roys left her Assembly seat to run for office in the open 2nd Congressional district. She lost to Mark Pocan in a four-candidate Democratic primary.
Business.
In 2013, Roys founded a real estate tech company, OpenHomes, which provides tools for home owners who want to sell their homes themselves.
Roys has served on the boards of TEMPO Madison, Wisconsin Citizen Action, Wisconsin Women's Council, ACLU of Wisconsin, Dane County Democratic Party, Sherman Neighborhood Association, Wisconsin Public Interest Law Foundation, and the State Bar of Wisconsin's Legal Services Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="21446391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446391" title="2008 Brisbane Lions season">
2008 Brisbane Lions season

This article covers the 2008 AFL season results for the Brisbane Lions.
Results.
Regular season.
Home and Away Season.
Round 22.
"All times are local."

</doc>
<doc id="21446403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446403" title="Keyboard suite in D minor (HWV 437)">
Keyboard suite in D minor (HWV 437)

The Keyboard suite in D minor (HWV 437) was composed by George Frideric Handel, for solo keyboard (harpsichord), between 1703 and 1706. It is also referred to as " Vol. 2 No. 4". It was first published in 1733.
Movements.
The work consists of five movements:

</doc>
<doc id="21446411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446411" title="Castilleja miniata">
Castilleja miniata

Castilleja miniata is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name giant red Indian paintbrush. It is native to western North America from Alaska to Ontario to California to New Mexico, where it grows usually in moist places in a wide variety of habitat types. 
Description.
This wildflower is a perennial herb growing up to about 80 centimeters tall, slender and green to dark purple in herbage color. The lance-shaped leaves are 3 to 6 centimeters long, pointed, and coated in thin hairs. The inflorescence is made up of bright red to pale orange or orange-tipped bracts. Between the bracts emerge the yellow-green, red-edged tubular flowers.
Subspecies.
There are three subspecies of this plant:

</doc>
<doc id="21446412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446412" title="Music of the EarthBound series">
Music of the EarthBound series

The "EarthBound" series, known in Japan as the "Mother" series, is a role-playing video game series created by Shigesato Itoi for Nintendo. The series started in 1989 with the Japan-only release of "Mother", which was followed up by "Mother 2" for the Super NES in 1995. It was released outside of Japan under the name of "EarthBound", giving the series its non-Japanese name. A second sequel was released in Japan only, "Mother 3", for the Game Boy Advance in 2006. The music of the "EarthBound" series includes the soundtracks to all three games; the first game was composed for by Keiichi Suzuki and Hirokazu Tanaka, who were joined by Hiroshi Kanazu for the second game, while "Mother 3"s score was written by Shogo Sakai. This music has inspired several album releases. "Mother" saw the release in 1989 of an album primarily composed of vocal arrangements of pieces from its soundtrack; this album was re-released in 2004 in an expanded form. "Earthbound" had a soundtrack album associated with the game released in 1994 and again in 2004 that contained both original tracks from the game and medleys of multiple tracks. A compilation release, "Mother 1+2", received a soundtrack album release in 2003, as well as an album of MIDI piano versions of songs from the two games in 2006. The latest release in the series, "Mother 3", has two soundtrack albums: "Mother 3+", released in 2006, and the online-only release "Mother 3i" in 2007.
The games' soundtracks have received primarily positive reviews, and the music itself has gone on to some popularity. Multiple piano sheet music books of pieces from the series have been produced, and the "Eight Melodies" song originally featured in "Mother" has been included in some Japanese music textbooks. Music from the series has been used in the "Super Smash Bros." series of fighting games, has been played in orchestral game music concerts, and been remixed for websites such as OverClocked Remix.
Mother.
, sometimes referred to as "EarthBound Zero", is a role-playing video game published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console in 1989. The game's soundtrack was composed by Keiichi Suzuki and Hirokazu Tanaka. Tanaka was a video game composer working for Nintendo who had previously composed for games such as "Super Mario Land" and "Metroid", while Suzuki was a composer and musician for bands of many different genres. The NES was only able to play three notes at a time, which Suzuki has noted greatly limited what he was able to produce, as he could not create some of the sounds he wanted. Melodies and themes from some pieces from the soundtrack were reused in the other games in the series. ("Pollyanna", "Snowman", and "Eight Melodies" make an appearance in all three games.)
Some of the music from the game was released as a soundtrack album, "Mother", by CBS/Sony on August 21, 1989. It consists of eleven tracks, seven of which are English vocal arrangements of songs from the game created by Suzuki, David Bedford, Takeshi Saitoh, and Michael Nyman. The lyrics to these arrangements were written by Linda Hennrick, and each one was performed by a different artist or group such as Catherine Warwick and St Paul's Cathedral Choir. The album cover shows the word "MOTHER" in a shade of brown over a red background; the letter "O" of "MOTHER" is replaced by an image of planet Earth, also with a brownish tinge. The soundtrack was reissued on February 18, 2004 by Sony Music Direct with its tracks digitally remastered, a song from Earthbound entitled "Smile and Tears" was added, and the track "The World of Mother" was replaced with a version that is six minutes longer.
Reviewer Patrick Gann of RPGFan received the album well, saying that he enjoyed the variety of genres presented in it, though he noted that the lyrics were "trite and cheesy", though still "catchy". He also applauded the production value, calling it "incredible, especially for 1989". Square Enix Music Online, in their review of the album, called it "a happy little gem with quirks and surprises". Though unlike RPGFan they felt that the sound production quality was not as good as it could be, they still felt that the pieces had "stood the test of time in terms of good music".
EarthBound.
"EarthBound", known in Japan as , is a role-playing video game published by Nintendo for the Super NES video game console in 1994. Keiichi Suzuki and Hirokazu Tanaka reprised their roles from "Mother" as composers for the game, and were joined by Hiroshi Kanazu. In an interview with "Weekly Famitsu", Keiichi Suzuki commented on how the SNES gave the composers much more freedom to compose what they wanted than the NES, which made development of the music for "EarthBound" much easier than for its predecessor. This freedom was partially a result of the larger memory space available, because one of the many problems the composers had in the first game was trying to get all of their music on to the cartridge. Another advantage was that the SNES could support playing eight notes at the same time, which when combined with the increased sound quality meant that he could compose music for the game in a similar fashion to how he would compose music for real life. Suzuki cited John Lennon as an influential figure to all the composers while the soundtrack was being developed, as his songs about love matched up with the feeling of the game.
In a "Famitsu" interview, Shigesato Itoi said that the amount of music that they fit into eight megabits of space, one-third of the total size of the game, would be enough to fill two Compact Discs if released as a full album. He ascribed the amount of music to the "disorderly", or broad, amount of styles of music that were included by Tanaka and Suzuki. He also noted his belief that "EarthBound" was the first video game to include vibrato, or "string-bending", in its music, and described one of the differences between the music of "EarthBound" and "Mother" as that this game had more "jazzy" pieces. Suzuki has estimated that he composed over 100 pieces of music for "EarthBound", including songs that did not make it into the game, and says that his favorite was the music played when the player rode a bicycle in the game, which he had actually composed before starting work on the game.
The soundtrack album for "EarthBound" was released by Sony Records in Japan on November 2, 1994. It was re-released a decade later on February 18, 2004 by Sony Music Direct. The album has 24 tracks, where many of these tracks are arrangements combining several pieces from the game into one piece. The final three tracks on the album consist of remixes of multiple tracks merged; for example, "Room Number (PSI MIX)" is a remixed version of several pieces of music played in different shops and hotels in the game combined into one song.
Vincent Chorley, in his review of the album for RPGFan, praised the original game music, applauding it for "conveying emotion and atmosphere, and then playing around with this mental image". As for the album itself, however, he was disappointed in the way that it merged tracks together and kept tracks based on a single song short, saying that "many of the tracks are so short that they are impossible to enjoy in their entirety".
Mother 1+2.
The video game is a port release of "Mother" and "EarthBound" (Mother 2) by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance, released in 2003. Despite its title, the eponymous album is an arranged album. It was released by Toshiba-EMI on August 20, 2003. The first ten tracks from the album are from "Mother", while the last 16 are from "Earthbound". Unlike the original soundtrack albums, the "Mother" tracks on this album did not include any vocal arrangements and the "Earthbound" tracks were not composed of tracks merged. Another album for the collection, "Mother 1+2 midi Piano Version", was released three years later on May 27, 2006 by Sky Port Publishing. The album contains MIDI piano arrangements by Shunsuke Sakamoto of songs from the two games with its music covering many different moods, from "lively to sedated". Like the soundtrack album, "Mother 1+2 midi Piano Version" had its first ten tracks taken from "Mother" and the other 16 from "Earthbound", but with several different tracks than the first album.
Kyle Miller of RPGFan, in his review of the "Mother 1+2" album, called it "a quality collection of uplifting, passionate songs". He preferred the "Mother" tracks to the "Earthbound" ones, as he felt that the second half of the album contained more "gimmick" tracks, but still called both halves "unique, fun, and well done overall". In his review of the "Mother 1+2 midi Piano Version" album, he concluded that while "fans of midi piano music" would enjoy the album, that the soundtrack album was the superior of the two. His criticism was mainly based on the fact that, while the tracks were "well orchestrated pieces", "played masterfully", and retained the "quality of the compositions" of the originals, the "wacky instrumentation" of the original pieces did not translate to piano arrangements, causing the tunes to "lose some of the spirit that they are known for".
Mother 3.
"Mother 3" is a role-playing video game published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance handheld game console in 2006. The music for the game was composed exclusively by Shogo Sakai, who he had previously composed music for games such as "Super Smash Bros. Melee" and "Kirby Air Ride". Series developer Shigesato Itoi stated that Sakai was given the position because he understood "Mother 3" the most, given that he could not use Keiichi Suzuki or Hirokazu Tanaka, the composers for the first two games, as they were both busy with other projects. Itoi also said that given the massive amount of songs in the game, over 250, he needed someone who had a lot of time to dedicate to the project and who could focus exclusively on it.
"Love Theme", the main theme of "Mother 3", was composed late in the game's development; earlier in development Itoi intended to use the "Pigmask Army" theme as the main theme of the game. During creation of an important scene in the game, however, Sakai was asked to create a song that would have a greater impact than the Pigmask theme; upon its creation it was chosen to be used as the main theme instead of the "Pigmask Army" song. Itoi claims that, given how quickly Sakai composed the song, that he had been "waiting for the order" to make a song like "Love Theme". Itoi requested that "Love Theme" be playable on a piano with only one finger, as the "Eight Melodies" theme from "Mother" had gained popularity and been played in elementary schools due to its simplicity. The "OK desu ka?" that plays after the player chooses the character's name was recorded without Itoi's knowledge by Hirokazu Tanaka more than a decade before the release of "Mother 3".
The "MOTHER3+" soundtrack album was first released by Tokyo Itoi Shigesato Office on November 2, 2006, and then distributed through the iTunes Store on February 2, 2007, featuring an additional bonus track, "MOTHER3 – theme of LOVE". Another album of music from the game, "MOTHER3i", was released on February 6, 2007 by Tokyo Itoi Shigesato Office in the iTunes Store and other online music services. Like the "Earthbound" soundtrack album each track of "Mother3i" is a combination of several tracks from the game itself, though it still does not cover all of the tracks from the game.
Kyle Miller of RPGFan gave a warm reception to "Mother3+" in his review, saying that it "retains the same quirky, but thoughtful feel so well captured by the previous entries in the series" and was "a worthy addition to the Mother musical canon". He enjoyed that it included both songs that were new to "Mother 3" and pieces originally from previous entries in the series. He felt that the weakest tracks on the album were those that used real-life instruments, while he named "Snowman" as the strongest. Square Enix Music Online was not as pleased with the album; although the reviewer agreed with Miller on which tracks were the best and worst, they were very critical of the fact that the album contained "only nine or ten distinct themes from a pool of perhaps one hundred viable choices". They also disliked the fact that the pieces were "by design short and repetitive". They instead recommended the "Mother3i" album, which, though "missing the iconic 'Love' theme and perennial series favorites like 'Pollyanna'", had "more engaging arrangements, less cloying sentimentality, and a wider variety of themes". They also noted the improved sound quality of the album over the original Game Boy Advance version. "Mother3+" reached position #24 on the Japanese Oricon charts, and stayed on the charts for three weeks.
Legacy.
Music from "EarthBound" was arranged for the piano and published by DOREMI Music Publishing in 1995. The book contains 16 scores, with some covering more than one song from the game. "Onett's Theme" was also included in "Game Music Piano Solo Album", a book published by DOREMI with sheet music from many different games. Sky Port Publishing published a book of piano arrangements in 1996 for the release of "Mother 1+2" containing 27 pieces. The "Eight Melodies" song from "Mother" received some popularity, and was included in some Japanese music textbooks due to its simplicity. "Super Smash Bros.", a series of fighting games published by Nintendo featuring characters and music from established video games, has included several songs from the "EarthBound" series. "Super Smash Bros. Melee" featured a few songs from the series: "Bein' Friends", "Eight Melodies", "Pollyanna", "Fourside", and "Sound Stone"; "Bein' Friends"/"Eight Melodies" and "Pollyanna" and are titled "Mother" and "Mother 2" in the game. "Fourside" is called "EarthBound", and parts of "Sound Stone" are used in "EarthBound" and Ness's victory theme. Several songs from "Mother 3" were included in "Super Smash Bros. Brawl", including "Love Theme", "Unfounded Revenge", "Smashing Song of Praise", "You Call This a Utopia?!" and "Porky's Theme". "Brawl" also included "Humoresque of a Little Dog", and "Snowman" from "Mother", and also featured "Mother" and "Mother 2" from "Melee". Several tracks from the series did not make it into "Super Smash Bros. Brawl" but still exist inside the game's code, such as "Because I Love You," "Eight Melodies," "Smiles and Tears," and "Hippie Battle."
"Because I Love You" and "Eagle Land" from "EarthBound" were played by the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra in their second Orchestral Game Concert in 1992 as part of a five concert tour, which was later released as a series of albums; "Because I Love You" was again played in their third concert, and was the only song to make an appearance in more than one concert in the tour. A medley of songs from all three games was performed at the "Press Start -Symphony of Games- 2006" concert in Tokyo. Selections of remixes of music from the series also appear on Japanese remix albums, called Dōjin, and on English remixing websites such as OverClocked Remix. A group of remixes of "Mother" and "Earthbound" music was released as an unofficial download-only album titled "Bound Together" by a group of artists from OverClocked Remix and elsewhere on October 29, 2006 containing 48 remixes and almost three hours of music.

</doc>
<doc id="21446425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446425" title="NMP22">
NMP22

NMP22 is a tumor marker for bladder cancer.
NMP22 is the abbreviated form of Nuclear Matrix Protein No.22 

</doc>
<doc id="21446432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446432" title="John Cadman">
John Cadman

John Cadman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446460" title="Pack rat (disambiguation)">
Pack rat (disambiguation)

A pack rat is a small rodent in the genus "Neotoma". 
Pack rat can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446463" title="Chartered Institute of Marketing">
Chartered Institute of Marketing

The Chartered Institute of Marketing is a UK-based professional association with 40,000 members. CIM offers professional development to marketing practitioners and publishes a monthly magazine, "The Marketer."
History.
CIM was founded as the Sales Managers' Association by 12 sales managers in 1911. In 1921 it was incorporated as the ISMA and in 1928 it held its first professional exams. In 1960 the ISMA changed its name to the Institute of Marketing and Sales Management, and in 1968 it became the Institute of Marketing. Three years later, it launched marketing groups for specific industries and moved to its current headquarters.
In 1989, the Institute was awarded the Royal Charter and henceforth became known as The Chartered Institute of Marketing. In 1998, The Institute began to award Chartered Marketer status to members. 
The organisation was awarded charitable and chartered status in 2001, but it was withdrawn in 2004.
Services.
Chartered Institute of Marketing memberships are awarded in one of three categories: Fellow, Member, or Associate. To become a Chartered Marketer, members must complete 35 hours of continuous professional development (CPD) activity annually (1 July - 30 June) for a minimum of two consecutive years. CIM also develops professional courses and awards certificates in three levels: Certificate, Diploma or PostGraduate Diploma. The CIM Marketing Excellence Awards recognise marketing programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="21446465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446465" title="Viktor Rall">
Viktor Rall

Dr.-Ing. Viktor Rall (27 November 1896 – 21 April 1984) was a German engineer and veteran of both World Wars.
In the rank of a Korvettenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II, he was leader of the 15. Vorpostenflottille based in Le Havre. Following the Invasion of Normandy, he was honoured with the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21446466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446466" title="David Rosengarten">
David Rosengarten

David Rosengarten (born in New York City, New York), the son of Leonard Rosengarten, a garment industry executive, and the former Lorraine Stein, is an American chef, author and television personality, who has hosted more than 2500 television shows on the Food Network from 1994 to 2001. 
He married Constance Childs on October 15, 1983. Their wedding was catered by a then-unknown Martha Stewart. He has three children. Two Daughters Andrea and Sarah both of whom appeared frequently on Rosengarten's cooking show Taste. His son, Bjorn Rosengarten-Bowser has appeared on Martha Stewart's collaborative "Emeril's Table" cooking show.
Education.
Rosengarten attended Colgate University where he earned a B.A. in 1971, holds a doctorate in dramatic literature from Cornell University (1980), and was an assistant professor of theater at Skidmore College.
Print.
Rosengarten was a contributing editor for Gourmet magazine from 1995 to 1999, and was that magazine's New York restaurant critic. He published articles in several US newspapers including the New York Times, the New York Daily News, the New York Observer, and was the weekly wine columnist of Newsday.
Other magazines and web sites for whom he has written: Food & Wine, Bon Appetit, Harper’s Bazaar, Departures, The Wine Spectator, Wine & Spirits, The Wine Enthusiast and, currently, Saveur, Huffington Post, and Forbes.
From 2001 to 2007 Rosengarten wrote and published The Rosengarten Report, which in 2003 won a James Beard award for "best food and wine newsletter." At its height, The Rosengarten Report had 50,000 paid subscribers.
Books.
The book is divided into five chapters:
In the foreword to this book, onetime president and chief executive officer of the Food Network, Erica Gruen wrote, 
Commerce.
Rosengarten's new company The David Rosengarten Collective (founded in 2012), is actively importing and selling food and wine from all over the world. The products are available to consumers at David's shop on drosengarten.com. Additionally, Rosengarten is placing his wines at top restaurants in New York. 
Television.
Rosengarten's first hosting opportunity on the US channel Food Network was "Food News & Views." He then created and hosted the program "Taste" starting in February 1994, that aired for eight years on the Food Network, and co-hosted "In Food Today" with Donna Hanover, ex-wife of Rudolph Giuliani. He has also appeared frequently on NBC's Today show.
"Entertainment Weekly" had the following to say about "Taste:" "Call it culinary voyeurism, but "Taste" is a cooking show even take-out addicts will find enthralling. David Rosengarten's orgasmic ruminations on 'lobster synergy' and the textural differences between Lebanese and Portuguese pine nuts will give 'bring to a boil' a whole new meaning."
In mid-2012, Rosengarten has begun creating new, original content for a YouTube channel named RosengartenTV.
Travel.
Since October 2006, Rosengarten has been organizing and hosting food tours in regions as varied as the Mediterranean, India and Iceland.
External links.
David Rosengarten videos can be seen on YouTube

</doc>
<doc id="21446472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446472" title="Laldey">
Laldey

Laldey ( लल्ला दई ) also known as Lalded, is a very prominent name among the famous saints, mystics and poets of Kashmir (a state of India). Born in 1355 AD in Kashmir, she is considered a Sufi, a yogi and a devotee of Lord Shiva. Every Kashmiri considers her a wise woman and every Kashmiri has some of her spiritual sayings on the tip of their tongue. Kashmiri Hindus and Muslims affectionately call her 'Mother Lalla', or 'Granny Lalla'.
Laldey was born in Padrethan to a Kashmiri Pandit family. Even as a child Laldey or Lalded was wise and religious-minded. She was married at the age of twelve, but at the age of twenty-six she renounced the world and became a devotee of Lord Shiva. She kept company with Sadhus (saints), and Pirs (poets). In her sayings she dealt with many things from life - Yoga and God, Dharma (righteous conduct) and atma (soul), spirituality and unity. The exact date of her death is not known, as is much of her life. Her sayings, which number about two-hundred, have kept her alive in the hearts of Kashmiris.she was considered a sufi,yogi & a great devotee of shiva. The legend has it that she spent a part of her outdoor life as a nudist.
Osho was deeply impressed by greatness. Only next to Allah (God), he once said, do I hold the position of Lalla (as she is affectionately known to Indians).

</doc>
<doc id="21446479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446479" title="Henry Fox-Strangways">
Henry Fox-Strangways

Henry Fox-Strangways may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446517" title="Flora Reid">
Flora Reid

Dame Florence "Flora" Reid GBE (10 November 1867 – 1 September 1950) was the wife of the Prime Minister of Australia Sir George Reid.
Biodata.
Born as Florence Ann Brumby in Longford, Tasmania, she moved to Sydney, where she married George Reid in 1891. He was 46 years old, she 23 years old. They had three children. She became a member of the Women's Federal League, but otherwise focused on raising her family.
Husband, Sir George Reid.
Her husband was Prime Minister from 1904 to 1905. Upon his first knighthood in 1909, she became Lady Reid (he had further knighthoods in 1911 and 1916). She accompanied her husband to London in 1910 on his appointment as the first Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom. He was also a member of the United Kingdom House of Commons from 1916 to 1918.
Honours.
For her work in assisting Australian soldiers recuperating in London from World War I, she was appointed a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) in August 1917, being in the first list of appointments to the order, which had been created only in June 1917.
Deaths.
Sir George Reid died in 1918, aged 73, and was buried in London. Dame Flora Reid died on 1 September 1950 in Rose Bay, New South Wales, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="21446519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446519" title="Henry Thynne">
Henry Thynne

Henry Thynne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446526" title="William Nassau de Zuylestein">
William Nassau de Zuylestein

William Nassau de Zuylestein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446529" title="Penny Bernard Schaber">
Penny Bernard Schaber

Penny Bernard Schaber is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 57th Assembly District since her election in 2008. She is currently a candidate for the 19th Senate District.
Early life and education.
Schaber was raised in Mundelein, Illinois and remained in Illinois to complete her Associate and Bachelor’s of Science degree from Southern Illinois University. After graduation she volunteered for the Peace Corps working at a hospital in Campo Grande, Brazil. When she returned to the United States, she attended Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois where she received a degree in physical therapy. Penny Bernard Schaber's career in healthcare brought her to Wisconsin where she started working in hospitals in Milwaukee and moved to the Fox Valley in 1984.
Before entering politics, Bernard Schaber worked as a physical therapist in local hospitals, community nursing homes, in private practice, and in schools. With a passion for the environment she was active in the Fox River Cleanup Plan. In order to obtain a better understanding of environmental issues, Bernard Schaber returned to school in 1985 to complete an Associate Degree in Natural Resources at Fox Valley Technical College. As a member of the Fox Valley Sierra Group and as Chairperson for Wisconsin’s John Muir Chapter for the Sierra Club, she has been very active in local and statewide natural resources.
Legislation.
Some of the legislation that Rep. Bernard Schaber has worked on and co-authored during the 2009 Legislative Session that were passed and signed into law as Wisconsin Acts include:
Committees.
In the 2013-2014 Legislative Session, Rep. Bernard Schaber serves on the Jobs, Economy and Mining Committee and is the minority ranking member of the Aging and Long-Term Care Committee, the Transportation Committee and the Joint Survey Committee on Tax Exemptions. In addition, Rep. Bernard Schaber is a member of the Governor's Council on Highway Safety.
In the 2011-2012 Legislative Session, Rep. Bernard Schaber was a member of the Jobs, Economy and Small Business Committee, the Transportation Committee, and was the minority ranking member on the Aging and Long-Term Care Committee.
In the 2009-2010 Legislative Session, Bernard Schaber was a member of the Health and Health Care Reform Committee, the Public Health Committee, the Transportation Committee and was Vice-Chair of the Jobs, the Economy, and Small Business Committee.
Elections.
In 2008 Bernard Schaber was elected into the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 57th District after defeating Jo Egelhoff 15,383 - 11,560 in the November general election.
Bernard Schaber won re-election November 2, 2010 defeating Republican challenger Chris Hanson 10,415 - 9,419.
Bernard Schaber was re-elected to a third term on November 6, 2012 after receiving a write-in challenger, Brian Garrow. Bernard Schaber received 19,862 or 94% of the votes cast in the 57th Assembly District.
Campaign for State Senate.
On July 23, 2013 Penny Bernard Schaber announced her campaign for State Senate, challenging long-time incumbent Senator Mike Ellis
On April 11, 2014 Senator Mike Ellis dropped his bid for re-election. Bernard Schaber will now vie for the open 19th State Senate District on November 4, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21446534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446534" title="Francis Seymour-Conway">
Francis Seymour-Conway

Francis Seymour-Conway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446543" title="Podkraj, Ajdovščina">
Podkraj, Ajdovščina

Podkraj () is a village southeast of Col in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It also includes smaller clusters of the hamlets of Trševje, Sreboti, and Hrušica as well as a number of isolated farmsteads along the road from Col to Kalce.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Margaret and belongs to the Koper Diocese. A second church in the settlement belonging to the same parish is dedicated to the Holy Spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="21446546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446546" title="Return the Favor">
Return the Favor

"Return the Favor" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson. The song features Timbaland, who wrote the song with Hilson and her songwriting/production team The Clutch, as well as Walter Milsap. Following the moderate international chart success of Hilson’s lead single, "Energy", "Return the Favor" was released from Hilson's debut album, "In a Perfect World...", serving as the international second single while the urban single, "Turnin Me On" was released in the US.
As Hilson's second vocal collaboration with mentor Timbaland, Hilson stated the purpose of the song's initial conception was to re-create the success of their worldwide hit, "The Way I Are", as Timbaland called the "Return the Favor" bigger and better. Contemporary critics gave the song mixed reviews, noting the production and vocal similarities to "The Way I Are", preferring the latter track.
The song reached the top twenty in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Germany, while appearing in the top thirty of Austria and Sweden, charting in Australia and the tip charts in Belgium. The accompanying music video implements a futuristic concept and features Hilson sporting several extravagant outfits.
Background.
When Hilson talked to "Digital Spy" about the song, she said that Timbaland called her and said, "I've got a song that I think's better than 'The Way I Are'. I think it's bigger." They took the track and wrote "Return the Favor" over the beat. According to Hilson, she said that song was partially inspired by "that conversational, back-and-forth thing" they did on "The Way I Are", stating, "We got a great response from that that we wanted to do it again." The initial draft of the hook featured the line "If you kiss me then I’ll kiss you back", but according to Hilson in an interview with "That Grape Juice", it was changed by unknown reason by Timbaland. After it was reported that "In a Perfect World..." would be pushed back to October 2008, "Return the Favor" surfaced online, and it was rumored to be the follow-up to "Energy." The sample was later removed by Hilson's management, before it was announced as the album's second single. The song was featured on December 15, 2008 episode of "The Hills".
Composition and critical reception.
"Return the Favor" is described as an electro-dance-pop record, with a future-like sound, including euro-style synths. Dan Nishimoto of "Prefix Magazine" noted that the song includes Timbaland's "signature dizzying 22nd-century flair that he's been employing ever since 2006." Andy Kellman of Allmusic noted the song as a standout track from "In a Perfect World...". According to J.K. Glei of "Cincinnati Metromix" said the song has "cascading synths," and a "classic pop structure." However Glei said that Hilson's vocals "feel flat against the driving beat" and that Timbaland "fully phones it in." While noting the song "follows the same blueprint" of Nelly Furtado's "Promiscuous", Sal Cinquemani of "Slant Magazine" said it was a "satisfying pop romp" and said even though Hilson lacked Furtado's distinctiveness, that it "shouldn't have a problem striking a chord at radio."
Nick Levine of Digital Spy said, the song was "a perfectly decent slice of midtempo Timba-pop, but it's not really in the same league as the brilliant 'The Way I Are'." "MTV Buzzworthy" said "slightly less out-there are the beats -- which sound an awful lot like Hilson and Timbaland's first collaboration, "The Way I Are"—and the cameo from Timba himself.." Sophie Bruce of BBC Music thought that the song lacked the a catchy hook such as in "The Way I Are." Less than impressed with Timbaland's rapping and "less than sexy" vocal appeal, Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" said the "unfortunate pairing" was reprised, and the song "encapsulates the record’s shortcomings."
Chart performance.
"Return the Favor" was the most successful in the United Kingdom and Ireland, peaking at nineteen in both countries. In Austria, the song debuted and peaked at twenty-five on the Austrian Singles Chart, before falling off after six weeks. On the Swedish Singles Chart, It debuted and peaked at thirty, before falling off after six weeks on the chart. In Belgium, "Return the Favore" appeared on Belgian Tip Charts, peaking at six in Flanders, and seventeen Wallonia. While debuting and peaking at twenty-one on the German Singles Chart, it completed nine weeks on the chart before falling off. It made the lower regions of the ARIA Singles Chart appearing at eighty.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Melina, who directed Hilson's video for "Energy." A preview of the video was released on October 14, 2008, and the full video premiered on October 23, 2008. Featuring a futuristic concept, the video begins with a small clip from Timbaland and Hilson's "The Way I Are", before it cuts to Hilson dancing in a future-like room while scenes are shown on a wall behind Timbaland, who is seated in a chair. Hilson is then show in a pink ruffled bra and dress dancing in front of mirrors, and then rises out of a pool in a blue swimsuit while scenes continue to be broadcast behind a seated Timbaland. Intercut with scenes with previous attire, Hilson performs ensemble choreography with dancers while wearing a black bra and pants, whilst the video ends with several different scenes. 
"MTV Buzzworthy" commended the video, stating, "while her ensemble's slightly more unwearable (we're looking at YOU, futuristic metallic onesie!) Hilson still manages to look beyond gorge. But then again, this chick could look cutting-edge in a giant pickle barrel." The review also compared Timbaland's look a cross between Run D.M.C. and The Matrix.
Personnel.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="21446549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446549" title="Günther Brandt">
Günther Brandt

Dr. med. Günther Rudolf Wilhelm Brandt (1 October 1898 – 4 July 1973) was a Korvettenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. He was also with a Costal Raider Unit (Küstenjäger) of the Brandenburgers in 1943.
Brandt was also an SS officer with the final rank of "Obersturmbannführer". He joined the Nazi Party with membership #2,579,863 and the SS as member #107,079.

</doc>
<doc id="21446550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446550" title="Street dentistry">
Street dentistry

Street dentistry is the unlicensed practice of dentistry in the street, usually for people who are unable to afford licensed dental care.
History.
Before the 20th century, dentistry was largely unregulated. In Europe during the Middle Ages, it was often practiced by monks, who were the most educated of the period. Barbers and blacksmiths, too, performed dental services. One of the first attempts to regulate the practice of dentistry came in France in 1400, when royal decrees prohibited barbers not in the Guild of Barbers from performing surgical procedures except for bleeding, cupping, leeching, and extracting teeth.
In the United States in 1840, Horace Hayden and Chapin Harris established the world's first school of dentistry, the Baltimore College of Dental Surgery, and created the Doctor of Dental Surgery (DDS) degree. In the same year, the world’s first national dental organization, the American Society of Dental Surgeons, was founded. In 1841, Alabama instituted the first dental practice act, regulating the practice of dentistry in the United States.
In New York around the turn of the century, street dentists like Edgar R.R. "Painless" Parker flourished. Despite dentistry becoming regulated, unlicensed dentists still practiced, often offering inferior services, prompting some to call for their prosecution.
As many as 5000 unlicensed dentists may have practiced in New York in the early 1900s. In 1900, 283 complaints were received by the Law Committee of the New York State Dental Society. Some patients died from infections and abscesses resulting from lack of sanitation. Others died from improper administration of anaesthetic. According to a newspaper report in 1910, many of these dentists were immigrants whose home countries did not regulate dentistry as stringently as did the United States.
Modern street dentistry.
In India, street services are plentiful, with dentists operating alongside other street services, such as apothecaries, repairmen, and barbers. These practitioners charge far less than licensed dentists, often charging as little as 125 rupees for a procedure such as a bridge—which, at a licensed dentist, could be as expensive as 10,000 rupees. Many learn the trade from their parents.
Street dentistry is not confined to India. In Paris in 2003, 23 unlicensed dentists who practiced out of cafes and grocery stores were arrested. The dentists involved were Syrian immigrants who provided dental services mostly for other immigrants who did not have health insurance.
In 1998, a man was arrested in Van Nuys, California for operating an unlicensed dental practice out of the back of a toy store in a strip mall.
Legal issues.
In India, Chapter V, Section 49 of the Dentist Act of 1948 requires dentists, dental mechanics, and dental hygienists to be licensed, making street dentistry illegal, though street dentists continue to practice. Most countries in the developed world have laws preventing the unlicensed practice of dentistry (see Dentistry throughout the world).

</doc>
<doc id="21446553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446553" title="Sarah Aubrey">
Sarah Aubrey

Sarah Aubrey is an English-Australian actress. She has had guest roles in episodes of "All Saints", "Water Rats" and "Above the Law", along with numerous TV commercials. She also won the Best Actress award at the 2002 Tropfest film festival and is one of Australia's top voice talents.
Biography.
Aubrey appeared in the Australian television soap, "Home and Away", in 1998 playing Tamara Duncan, in 2000 playing Gilly Austen and again in 2007 playing Judy Holly. In 2000 she also appeared in "Above the Law", playing Mary Stafford, in "Murder Call", playing Amy Simms. and in "All Saints", playing Amanda Morton. In 2001 she appeared in "Water Rats", playing Madeleine Fyfe.
Aubrey won best actress at the Tropfest film festival in 2002 for the short film "Boomerang" and was in the Silverchair video "Ana's Song", which was voted one of the top ten best videos on MTV in the United States.
In 2005 she appeared in an episode of "The Secret Life of Us", playing Camel Toe. She subsequently provided the voices for characters in "Dive Olly Dive" and "Master Raindrop".
In 2006 Aubrey formed a band with Scott Andrew (guitar, vocals), Christopher Campbell (bass, guitar, backing vocals) and Rebecca Clarke (drums, percussion). For two years they performed under the name 'Sarah Aubrey' but renamed the band 'Girl Most Likely'. Their songs have been used on television promotions for "The L Word", "All Saints" and "Home and Away". In February 2009 they released a self-titled debut EP.

</doc>
<doc id="21446582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446582" title="Castilleja mollis">
Castilleja mollis

Castilleja mollis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name softleaf Indian paintbrush. It is endemic to the Channel Islands of California, where it is currently known only from Santa Rosa Island. An occurrence was once noted on San Miguel Island, but the plant has not been found there since 1938. Its habitat is the coastal sage scrub around the windy sand dunes and bluffs.
Description.
This wildflower is a perennial herb with many spreading, prostrate branches up to about 40 centimeters long. The plant is coated in woolly, tangled, sometimes glandular hairs that give it a gray-green tint. The leaves are 1 to 3 centimeters long and oval. The inflorescence is up to 8 centimeters long and made up of fleshy green or yellow-green bracts. Between the bracts bloom the pale to bright yellow pouched flowers. 
Like other "Castilleja", this "Castilleja mollis" is hemiparasitic, attaching its roots to those of other plants to tap nutrients and water. The host plant for this "Castilleja" species is probably Menzies' goldenbush, "Isocoma menziesii". "Castilleja mollis" is a federally listed endangered species.
Conservation.
There are two known occurrences of the plant remaining on Santa Rosa Island. It has become rare due to habitat destruction, mainly from the presence of domesticated and feral ungulates such as cattle, elk ("Cervus canadensis roosevelti"), and deer ("Odocoileus hemionus"). These animals trample the soil, which compacts and degrades it. Deer also tend to use patches of the plant as bedding. Introduced plant species have also taken over the area. The cattle and most of the other non-native animals have been removed, but many weeds remain, such as ice plant. The plant depends on Menzies' goldenbush, which has also declined in the area, its habitat becoming fragmented. Invasive grasses prevent the small "Castilleja" plants from establishing haustoria, its connections to the roots of the goldenbush.
This "Castilleja" may hybridize with "Castilleja affinis".
A 2008 review of the species' status indicated that the plant has rebounded somewhat since the removal of the ungulates, but it is still vulnerable enough that it will not yet be downlisted from endangered status.

</doc>
<doc id="21446620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446620" title="Dhamrai Jagannath Roth">
Dhamrai Jagannath Roth

Dhamrai Jagannath Roth is a chariot temple, a Roth, dedicated to the Hindu God Jagannath located in Dhamrai, Bangladesh. The annual Jagannath Roth Jatra is a famous Hindu festival attracting thousands of people. The Roth Jatra in Dhamrai is one of the most important events for the Hindu community of Bangladesh. Sri Jagannath (Lord of the World) is believed by the Hindus to be an incarnation of Lord Vishnu, one among the Holy Hindu Trinity of Gods (Brahma the creator, Vishnu the preserver, and Shiva the destroyer). Lord Jagannath is also believed to be a deity form of Lord Krishna.
For the thousands of Hindu devotees, it is considered a pious deed and the huge processions accompanying the chariots play devotional songs with drums, tambourines, trumpets etc. A glimpse of Lord Jagannath on the chariot is considered to be very auspicious and saints, poets and scriptures have repeatedly glorified the sanctity of this special festival. The sanctity of the festival is such that even a touch of the chariot or even the ropes with which these are pulled is considered enough to confer the results of several pious deeds or penance for ages.
History.
From the unpublished documents and records it seems that the Dhamrai Roth is said to be about 400 years old. It is learned from those records that from Bangla Year 1079 (corresponding to 1672 in the Gregorian calendar) to 1204 (1697 AD) the Roth that was in existence was made with bamboos. It is, however, not known how this Bamboo made Roth was replaced by the one made of wood. The unpublished sources mention that in between BS 1204 to BS 1340 the Jamindars (Feudal Land lords) of Baliati (now located in Saturia Upazila) had four ‘Roth’s made and they provided all the expenses for its construction. 
The last one took a period of one year to build and the carpenters of Dhamrai, Kaliakoir, Saturia and Singair jointly worked to make a Roth which was 60 feet in height and 45 feet wide which was completed in 1340 BS, corresponding to 1933 AD. The newly constructed Roth was 3-storied. Each of the first and second floors had four chambers at the four corners and one chamber on the top floor. These chambers or rooms were called ‘Noborotno’s. The Roth had 32 giant wooden wheels and was adorned with two wooden horses in front as well as carvings and paintings of Hindu deities. Thick ropes made with about 1000 kilograms of jute fiber were used to pull the Roth along. As it was being pulled people lining up the street and on roof-tops would shower bananas and sugar on the Roth amidst cheers and chanting.
After the abolition of ‘jamindari’ system in 1950, Ray Bahadur Ranada Prosad Shaha of Mirzapur, Tangail extended extensive support and financial assistance for the upkeep, maintenance of the Roth, and for hosting of the event with pomp and grandeur. This support continued until 1970 under the auspices of Kumudini Welfare Trust which was formed by Mr. R. P. Saha. 
The War of Liberation began in 1971 and this majestic historical Roth was burnt down by the Pakistan Army. The chief patron, Mr. R.P. Saha, was himself abducted and killed by the Army as an aftermath of ethnic cleansing which the Pakistan Army unleashed on Bangladesh Hindus. After Bangladesh gained independence, in order to carry on the tradition of yearly Roth festival, a makeshift Roth was built with bamboos with the assistance of the daughter of Mr. Saha, Mrs. Joya Pati, Justice Debesh Bhattacharya, Gouro Gopal Saha and Thakur Gopal Saha.
Current Roth (Chariot).
In the year 2006 Mrs. Bina Sikri, the then Indian High Commissioner to Bangladesh pledged to provide financial assistance in building a new Roth. Consequently, a 3-storied Roth was built in 2010. The new Roth is 27 feet long and of the same width; it has 15 wheels and is adorned with statues of different gods and goddesses. A Roth Committee of local people of Dhamrai with Mr. Rajib Saha, the son of Mr. R.P. Saha, as the chief Patron, have been organizing and holding this yearly gala event.
The journey of the Roth begins from the Madhabbari Temple to the Gope Nagar Temple, regarded to be the In-Laws house, a distance of about half a kilometer away. During the festival, devotees help pull the Roth with ropes and brought to the Gope Nagar temple. After one week the Chariot is pulled back to Madhab Mandir again which is termed as “Ulto Roth” (উলটো রথ) - Return Journey.
Roth festival.
The Roth festival, Roth Mela (রথ মেলা), is a month long, and connected with the Bengali calendar. It takes place during the Bengali month of Ashadh
(আষাঢ়). The date is fixed on the second quarter of the moon. Usually the time is during June, but sometimes it also takes place in July. The celebrations are held along the main road of Dhamrai.
In addition to various stalls set up for sale of varieties of products, circus and puppet shows also come to provide entertainment to people from all walks of life and across religious faiths.

</doc>
<doc id="21446638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446638" title="Potoče, Ajdovščina">
Potoče, Ajdovščina

Potoče () is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="21446647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446647" title="Rice Northwest Museum of Rocks and Minerals">
Rice Northwest Museum of Rocks and Minerals

The Rice Northwest Museum of Rocks and Minerals is a non-profit museum in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Located just north of the Sunset Highway on the northern edge of Hillsboro, the earth science museum is in the Portland metropolitan area. Opened in 1997, the museum’s collections date to the 1930s with the museum housed in a home built to display the rock and mineral collections of the museum founders. The ranch style home is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the first of its kind listed in Oregon.
The museum sits on 23 wooded acres (9.3 ha), with the main building containing of space. Collections include petrified wood, various fossils, fluorescent minerals, meteorites, zeolites, and a variety of other minerals. With more than 20,000 specimens, the museum is the largest of its kind in the Pacific Northwest. The facility has around 25,000 visitors each year, many of whom are on school tours.
History.
Richard L. Rice married Helen Hart in 1932 and the couple began rock collecting in 1938 after finding agates along the Oregon Coast. In 1952 the Rices built a new home north of Hillsboro on 30 acres (12.1 ha) that would later house the museum. The Rices founded a museum in 1953 to display their collections. Their collections won them the Woodruff Trophy three years in a row at the Tucson Gem & Mineral Show, which led to that trophy's retirement. Helen served as president of the American Federation of Mineralogical Societies from 1959 to 1960.
In 1996 the Rices established the non-profit museum. Richard and Helen Rice both died in 1997 with the home passing to the non-profit museum as part of their estate. In 1997 the Rice Northwest Museum of Rocks and Minerals officially opened. In June 2000, 94 pieces from the F. John Barlow collection of crystallized gold were added to the museum. The facility opened an exhibit in 2001 dedicated to the lapidary arts, and by that time the museum had grown to more than 4,000 items.
The museum opened a new gallery in January 2003 to feature petrified wood. Rudy W. Tschernich was named curator in June 2003, replacing Sharleen Harvey. In 2004 the Cascadia Meteorite Laboratory at Portland State University loaned the museum 52 meteorites in an exhibit funded by NASA. Attendance had grown to around 15,000 in 2004.
In 2005 the North America Research Group unearthed the fossilized remains of a thalattosuchian crocodile from the Jurassic period in Central Oregon. The museum plans on displaying these fossils after they are studied. Later in 2005, the Northwest Minerals Gallery opened in a former storeroom at the museum after renovations totaling $150,000.
By 2007 the museum received 25,000 visitors each year, mainly from school groups. In August 2008 the museum opened a retail gift shop in The Streets of Tanasbourne shopping center, and closed it in December 2009 due to the economic recession. This satellite gift shop was to be a temporary endeavor, and was designed in part to help drive traffic to the museum. By 2010 the museum's collections had grown to more than 20,000 specimens, and still had about 25,000 visitors annually, with about 18,000 coming from school field trips. Tschernich stepped down as curator in 2011, with Lara O'Dwyer-Brown taking over the position in 2012. 
Collections.
The museum is the largest of its kind in the Pacific Northwest with more than 20,000 items. The specimens come from around the world, many personally unearthed by the Rices. Bill Dameron of "The Mineralogical Record" named the museum as having the best mineral specimens in the Pacific Northwest. The collections include gemstones, minerals, fossils, meteorites, and some artifacts.
Gemstones include rubies, diamonds, rhodochrosite, opal, emerald, and amethyst among others. Fossils include shark teeth, coprolites, or fossilized dung, petrified wood, dinosaur eggs, trilobites, and a baby dinosaur of the "Psittacosaurus" genus. One display features all 12 birthstones with a version of each in its natural state and as finished gemstones, along with the same before and after for other gemstones such as aquamarine. Around 1,000 of the specimens at the museum are only viewable using a microscope.
One gallery, the Rainbow Gallery, is designed to showcase rocks and minerals that have phosphorescent or fluorescent elements that allow them to glow in the dark. An automated system uses a lighting cycle that includes ultraviolet lights to energize the rocks. A large portion of the petrified wood comes from the collection of Dennis and Mary Murphy. Their collection, which is in excess of 450 items and includes a log of white oak weighing 1,200 pounds (544 kg), was combined with the Rice Museum's existing pieces. The log is from Eastern Oregon and is estimated to have lived more than 15 million years ago. The petrified wood specimens come from Oregon, Washington, and as far away as Argentina and Australia. Other fossils include those of cycads, palms, and ferns.
The main rhodochrosite attraction is the "Alma Rose" from the Sweet Home Mine in Colorado. The Alma Rose includes crystals measuring up to 9.5 cm in length along with quartz and calcite highlights. The Rices once owned the complementary "Alma King" rhodochrosite from the same mine, but sold the piece to the Coors Brewing Company, who then donated it to the Denver Natural History Museum. The two stones had been purchased by the couple for US$800,000. Other rhodochrosite specimens include those from mines in Arizona. The museum also has a collection of 107 gold pieces from the F. John Barlow collection featuring items such as a 42 troy ounce (1.31 kg)) leaf and pieces mined from the Ace of Diamonds mine in Liberty, Washington. One of the museum's pieces, a sperrylite from Russia, is considered one of the finest in the world.
Individual items on display include coprolite from Mongolia, a 500 pound (227 kg) piece of the lightweight volcanic rock pumice, obsidian and basalt. One specimen on display is a wide plate with clear quartz crystals, epidote crystals measuring as large as 10 cm and translucent calcite scalenohedrons, and comes from Green Monster Mountain on Alaska's Prince of Wales Island. The collection includes a cycad fossil dating from the Jurassic era that weighs 500 pounds (227 kg). One meteorite is the Gibeon meteorite which weighs 210 pounds (95 kg) and came from the African nation of Namibia. The world's largest known opal-filled thunderegg, weighing 1.75 tons (1600 kg), is housed at the museum. The thunderegg is Oregon's state rock. Other items include azurite, Oregon sunstone, amber, copper crystals, zeolites, morganite, and agate among others.
Programs.
The Rice Museum offers a variety of public programs, including hands-on classes for children where participants make necklaces out of rocks. It hosts an annual summer festival with events such as thunderegg cutting and demonstrations of gold panning. The facility has hosted the Northwest Fossil Fest. The museum offers tours for school groups and other youth programs, often handling multiple groups each day. Children in the school tours get to select a stone to take home from a pile outside. The museum is open Wednesday through Sunday.
Facilities.
The museum and grounds are located on the north side of the Sunset Highway west of Portland between the Helvetia Road and Jackson School Road exits. Situated on of mostly forested land, the museum is housed in the historic Richard and Helen Rice House, built as a single family residence. Completed in 1952, the home was built of Arizona flagstone on the exterior and wood native to Oregon, including curly maple and myrtlewood.
William F. Wayman designed the structure with Victor Batchelar building the home, while Charles F. Walters designed the grounds. All the wood was logged by Richard Rice, who made his living as a logging contractor. He also milled the wood. The home was designed to allow the basement to serve as a museum for the Rices' collections.
The structure contains three sandstone fireplaces, and the countertops are finished with hand-painted tiles from Mexico. Myrtlewood is used inside as trim and for doors. Bedroom closets were constructed with drawers, shelves, and ironing boards built-in. Inside the two-level building are amenities such as dumbwaiters and a sewing room. On the outside raked cedar was used on the eaves of the low-pitched roof-line building. The exterior sandstone is tan, rose, and blue in color.
The home with a basement cost $185,000 to build. The original wool carpeting is still in use at the home, as is the original linoleum that features the museum's logo of a shovel and a pick. The ranch style home was the first ranch home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon.
In addition to the house, which has a full basement, the museum uses a separate building as a gallery. That building, the Northwest Gallery, was formerly used for storage and as a shop, but looks similar to the Rice House. This gallery focuses on items from Oregon, Idaho, and Washington, and includes collections of agates, thundereggs, zeolites, and placer gold, among others.
Most of the rocks and minerals are housed in glass cases along the walls in the basement. Before opening to the public an elevator was added to the home. The museum includes a lapidary and arts gallery, agate gallery, petrified wood gallery, oddities gallery, crystal gallery, Northwest gallery, and fossil gallery. There is also an educational room and gift shop, while the outside grounds include a walk that features sandstone, columns of basalt, and a pile of rocks for children to climb over to find stones. This walk includes a 1,200 pound (540 kg) rock made of pumice.

</doc>
<doc id="21446657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446657" title="Acqua pazza (food)">
Acqua pazza (food)

The term acqua pazza (lit. "crazy water" in Italian) is used in Italian cuisine to refer to a recipe for poached white fish, or to simply refer to the lightly herbed broth used to poach it. There are many different variations of this sauce, from light broths, to thick tomato based sauces, which have been found on all types of seafood (not just the traditional white fish), and even chicken.
This dish is comparable to other Italian dishes, such as: Cioppino, cacciucco and brodetto.
Origin.
While the dish originated from fishermen of the Neapolitan area, who would sautée the catch of the day in seawater together with tomatoes and extra virgin olive oil, the term itself most likely originated from Tuscany; "Mezzadria" peasants would make wine, but had to give most to the landlord, leaving little left for them to drink. The peasants were resourceful, however, and mixed the stems, seeds, and pomace leftover from the wine production with large quantities of water, brought it to a boil, then hermetically sealed in a terracotta vase and fermented it for several days. Called "l'acquarello" or "l'acqua pazza", the result was a water barely colored with wine, which the fisherman may have been reminded of when seeing the broth of the dish, colored slightly red by the tomatoes and oil.
Acqua pazza became a very popular dish with tourists on Capri Island in the 1960s.
Ingredients.
Aside from the white fish (bass, cod, halibut, sea bream, sea bass, sea perch, etc.) the standard ingredients are: 
However, a large variety of other ingredients can be used and substituted—for instance red snapper, shrimp, or even Maine lobster instead of white fish; vegetables such as garlic, celery, carrots, and scallions; and herbs and spices like pepper, capers, bay leaves, olives, parsley, fennel, and lemon. Some recipes also call for bread (for dipping in the broth).
Other uses.
Many restaurants, such as the Acqua Pazza in San Marco, known for seafood and neapolitan pizzas, and Acqua Pazza in Bologna, which specializes in seafoods and sauces, either share the name with or are named after this dish.

</doc>
<doc id="21446658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446658" title="Emil Kieffer">
Emil Kieffer


</doc>
<doc id="21446666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446666" title="Castilleja nana">
Castilleja nana

Castilleja nana is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name dwarf alpine Indian paintbrush. It is native to the western United States from the Sierra Nevada of California east to Utah, where it grows in dry, rocky alpine habitat. 
This is a small, hairy perennial herb growing up to about 25 centimeters tall but often remaining much smaller. The leaves are narrowly lance-shaped and up to about 3.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a cluster of pointed yellow-green, pink, or pale purple, hairy bracts. Between the bracts appear the small purple-spotted yellow flowers, which are pouched with tiny, protruding stigmas.

</doc>
<doc id="21446681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446681" title="Garniss Curtis">
Garniss Curtis

Garniss H. Curtis, (born May 27, 1919 ~ died December 19, 2012) was a professor emeritus of geology at the University of California, Berkeley, geochronologist, volcanologist, geophysicist, and founder of the Berkeley Geochronology Center. In 1960, Curtis and fellow UC Berkeley geophysicist Jack Evernden used potassium-argon dating methods developed by UC Berkeley physicist John Reynolds on minerals found in tephra deposits collected by Evernden to date Mary Leakey's 1959 Olduvai Gorge Bed I hominin "Zinjanthropus" ("Paranthropus boisei") to 1.89 to 1.57 Mya. The great age of the fossil hominid and associated stone tools in the bed pushed back the then accepted age of the Pleistocene another million years, causing a stir in the geology community. The dating of these fossil finds is considered a starting point for the collaboration of paleoanthropology and geochronology.
Garniss Curtis died December 19, 2012, in Orinda, California.

</doc>
<doc id="21446694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446694" title="Predmeja">
Predmeja

Predmeja () is a settlement in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies on the edge of a karst plateau north of the town of Ajdovščina, overlooking the Vipava Valley.
Mass graves.
Predmeja is the site of four known mass graves associated with the Second World War. The Rob Shaft Mass Grave () is located on the Trnovo Forest plateau, east of Predmeja. It contains the remains of German soldiers and unidentified civilians. The Medvedovše Shaft Mass Grave () is located on the Trnovo Forest plateau, about 1 km northeast of Predmeja. It contains the remains of unidentified victims. The Medvedovše Grave () is located on the Trnovo Forest plateau, at a small level spot on the slope left of the road branching off to the north at the Medvedovše farm (Predmeja no. 83). It contains the remains of a Partisan soldier murdered by other Partisans during the war. The Bratin Shaft Mass Grave () is located on the edge of the Trnovo Forest plateau, east of Predmeja, and the top of a headwall above the cliff over the Lokavšček Springs. The entrance is on a cliff shelf. The grave contains the remains of seven partisans killed by Italian troops.

</doc>
<doc id="21446707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446707" title="Sinan Pasha Mosque (Damascus)">
Sinan Pasha Mosque (Damascus)

The Sinan Pasha Mosque (, transliteration: "Jami al-Sinaniya", ) is an early Ottoman-era mosque in Damascus, Syria, located along Suq Sinaniyya Street.
History.
The mosque was built in 1590 by Sinan Pasha, the Ottoman-appointed governor of Damascus from 1589 to 1593. It stands on the site of an older mosque called the Mosque of Basal to the southwest of the walled city. The donor, Sinan Pasha, also served as the governor of Cairo and as the grand vizier to the sultan, and is known for his role in the Ottoman conquest of Yemen.
Architecture.
The Sinan Pasha Mosque is built with an alternating course of black and white stone. In addition to the mosque itself is a "madrasa" an ablution fountain. 
The arched entrance of the western mosque portal is topped by a glazed tile panel composed of floral motifs above the marble panel with Arabic inscriptions anchored by square mosaic panels on both sides. The circular, green-enameled brick minaret rises above the southern pier of the portal, carried on a circular stone base of black and white stone. Its single balcony is supported by three rows of muqarnas and is protected by a carved stone balustrade below wooden eaves. The minaret ends at a pointed conical crown.
Interior.
The mosque consists of a prayer hall covered with a large dome situated on the southern side of the courtyard, accessed through a portico elevated by two steps and covered by seven small domes supported on marble columns. The columns of the central bay have a spiral molding. The arched entryway is flanked by marble mosaic panels and the two windows of the portico façade, as well as the two side entrances are topped by arches whose tympana display Damascene tiles. 
The "mihrab" niche to the right of the entrance is covered with a semi-dome that is supported on marble colonettes. The entire portico façade is built with alternating strips of yellow, white and gray stones. The "mihrab" is situated on the southern wall facing the entrance. Its niche is covered with stone mosaics and its semi-dome displays an intricate zigzag layering of black and white stones. Above its frame of tile and stone bands is a Quranic inscription. The ensemble is topped by two arched windows and a rosette made of stained glass. The "minbar", to the left of the "mihrab", is made of marble carved with floral motifs and inscriptions and roofed by a conical dome. 
Courtyard.
The prayer hall is preceded by a courtyard, accessed through a tall muqarnas portal on the western wall, once flanked by a bathhouse, a bakery and shops. The courtyard is also entered from Suq al-Sakkaniyya Street to the north. The courtyard is roughly rectangular and has an octagonal ablution basin at its center. Its floor is paved with colored stones arranged in a geometric layout. 
A two-bay iwan occupies the northwest corner of the courtyard that has two arched windows facing the street. The north wall of the courtyard has an archway leading to Suq al-Sukkariyya and a tall panel flanking a water fountain to its right. The fountain is in the form of an arched niche decorated with carved marble panels and glazed tiles and was renovated in 1893, according to an inscription above its arch. A wooden overhang shades the west and south sides of the courtyard, carried on carved stone brackets. The east and north walls of the courtyard are topped with a crenelated parapet.

</doc>
<doc id="21446724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446724" title="Joshua Kaeo">
Joshua Kaeo

Joshua Kaeo (c. 1808 – June 27, 1858), was a Hawaiian high chief or nobleman of Big Island descent, the uncle of Queen Emma of Hawaii, and an early Hawaiian politician and advisor of Kamehameha III.
His father was Asa Kaeo, a grandson or son of Manoua, the daughter of King Kalaniōpuu and one of his wives, Mulehu, from a noble family of the Kaū district; Mulehu was also the grandmother of Abner Pākī (one of Kaeo's own contemporaries) through a second marriage and great-grandmother of Bernice Pauahi Bishop.
His mother is named Paaluanui. 
He was distant cousin to Kamehameha I since his great (great) grandfather Kalaniōpuu was Kamehameha I's half-uncle. 
He was member of the King's Privy Council from 1845 to 1850 and a member of House of Nobles from 1845 to 1856. At one time, he was the Judge of the Supreme Court of Hawaii.
He married Jane Lahilahi Young, the "hapa-haole" (part-Hawaiian) daughter of John Young and his wife Kaʻōanaʻeha, the niece of Kamehameha I. Kaeo and Lahilahi had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="21446741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446741" title="Citywalk, Hong Kong">
Citywalk, Hong Kong

Citywalk () is one of the largest shopping centres in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is located at Yeung Uk Road, beneath Vision City () and opposite to Nina Tower, one of the tallest buildings in Hong Kong. It is jointly developed by Sino Land and Urban Renewal Authority. It was opened in December 2007.
The shopping mall offers shops on fashion, accessories, jewelry, lifestyle, food and beverage. It is the first "green" shopping mall in Hong Kong. It has "Citywalk Piazza" () and "Vertical Garden" () at the centre of the mall, with landscaped water features and a hybrid chiller system to improve air quality and recycles waste water respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="21446744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446744" title="Alyth (singer)">
Alyth (singer)

Alyth McCormack, better known as Alyth (born c. 1970) is a Scottish singer and actress. She was brought up on the Isle of Lewis in the Scottish Outer Hebrides.
Biography.
As a young child in the 1970s, Alyth was immersed in the culture of Hebridean Scotland. She went on to study classical singing and drama at the RSAMD in Glasgow. Since then, she has worked on a string of collaborations, with folk, jazz, classical and indie musicians.
During this time she recorded with various artists, appearing on over 16 albums between then and 2007, and in 2000 released her début solo album 'An Iomall' () on Vertical records.
In 2004, she began touring with "On Eagles' Wings", and toured again in 2007. Throughout 2007 and 2008, she performed worldwide with The Chieftains, appearing at venues such Boston Symphony Hall and Carnegie Hall. She toured with Moving Hearts during their UK Tour in 2008, and appeared at the Liverpool Philharmonic. 
Alyth performed a concert for Sanctuary alongside Moya Brennan and Nóirín Ní Riain. She is a member of The Island Tapes, Shine and other bands. In 2009, Alyth released her second solo album, "People Like Me", which featured members of the Scottish band Lau. 

</doc>
<doc id="21446745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446745" title="Erich Brauneis">
Erich Brauneis

Erich Franz Brauneis (16 March 1894 – 20 August 1954) was a Fregattenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21446750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446750" title="1999 BC Lions season">
1999 BC Lions season

The 1999 BC Lions finished in first place in the West Division with a 13–5 record. They appeared in the West Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21446770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446770" title="The Mountain (Heartless Bastards album)">
The Mountain (Heartless Bastards album)

The Mountain is the third album by American blues-rock band Heartless Bastards. It is their third release on Fat Possum Records and their first album without original drummer Kevin Vaughn and bassist Mike Lamping. The album was produced by Spoon producer Mike McCarthy and was released on February 3, 2009.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Erika Wennerstrom.

</doc>
<doc id="21446771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446771" title="London Clubs International">
London Clubs International

London Clubs International (LCI) is a British gambling company that was bought by Harrah's Entertainment in 2006. At the time of purchase, LCI operated casinos in London, Southend and Brighton as well as in Egypt and South Africa. It also had licenses to build five additional casinos.
Before being bought by Harrah's, LCI was in negotiations with Stanley Leisure (England's largest casino operator) about a possible merger, but the latter were outbid by Harrah's. Genting, a Malaysian gaming giant, was also interested in LCI. "London Clubs is an important strategic asset for foreign gaming companies wanting to establish a footprint in the UK ahead of deregulation," said Matthew Gerard of Investec Securities. Interest in British casinos had increased in 2006 due to legislation that allowed for larger "Vegas style" casinos.
LCI is best known for being the host of the World Series of Poker Europe (WSOPE). The World Series of Poker is the most prestigious poker tournament in the world, and the WSOPE was the first time it held an event outside of Las Vegas, Nevada. In 2007, Thomas Bihl became the first person to ever win a WSOP bracelet outside of Vegas. Bihl won the £2,500 World Championship H.O.R.S.E. at the World Series of Poker Europe at LCI. Days later, Annette Obrestad became the youngest player to ever win a WSOP bracelet at 18 years, 364 days, also becoming the first woman to win a World Series Main Event (Unlike Nevada, English gambling laws do not prohibit 18 year olds from participating). Harrah's Casinos, the owner of the WSOP, considers the WSOP Europe bracelet to be the same in prestige as those awarded every year in Las Vegas.
While no definitive plans have been announced, Pollack indicated in February 2007 that other venues may start holding WSOP events. Egypt and South Africa were mentioned as possible expansion sites because Harrah's owns casinos, via LCI, in those two locations.
LCI had developed severe financial problems back in 2001, after its failed venture in the Aladdin Casino. A combination of cost overruns, declining tourism, and poor design led to the casino filing bankruptcy in September 2001 and eliminating LCI's equity in the casino.

</doc>
<doc id="21446777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446777" title="Castilleja parviflora">
Castilleja parviflora

Castilleja parviflora is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name mountain Indian paintbrush. It is native to western North America from Alaska to California, where it grows in high mountain habitat, including areas of alpine climate. 
Description.
This wildflower is a perennial herb up to about 40 centimeters tall and coated in glandular and nonglandular hairs. The leaves are a few centimeters long and lance-shaped to oblong. The inflorescence is made up of layers of bracts tipped in shades of pale yellow to bright red or pink. Between the bracts emerge the yellow-green, sometimes red-tinted, tubular flowers. 
Varieties.
There are several varieties of "Castilleja parviflora":

</doc>
<doc id="21446825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446825" title="SLNS Parakrama">
SLNS Parakrama

SLNS "Parakrama" is a Sri Lanka Navy shore establishment sited on Flagstaff Street in Colombo, in close proximity to the Colombo Lighthouse. It functions as the naval headquarters of the Navy. In this capacity it has the offices of the Commander of the Navy, Chief of Staff, the Board of Management (BOM) and Board of Directors (BOD) of the Sri Lanka Navy. All naval operations are directed from SLNS "Parakrama". The base was formally known as HMCyS "Parakrama" prior to 1972 and traces it establishment to World War II when the Royal Navy first established a shore establishment HMS "Lanka". 

</doc>
<doc id="21446834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446834" title="Herbert Nau">
Herbert Nau

Herbert Georg Nau (8 April 1913 – 28 August 1944) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Herbert Nau was killed in an automobile accident in Yvetot, France

</doc>
<doc id="21446879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446879" title="Sablatnig SF-1">
Sablatnig SF-1

__NOTOC__
The Sablatnig SF-1 was a reconnaissance seaplane built in Germany during the First World War. 
Development.
It was a conventional two-bay biplane with staggered wings of unequal span and a fuselage of particularly sleek design. The pilot and observer sat in open cockpits in tandem, and the undercarriage consisted of twin pontoons braced to the underside of the fuselage and to wings. 
Operational history.
Sablatnig delivered the SF-1 prototype to the SVK ("Seeflugzeug Versuchs Kommando" – "Seaplane Testing Command") in October 1915 under the naval serial number 490. It was finally accepted into active naval service a full two years later, in October 1917. Although accepted for service with the Imperial German Navy, only the prototype was built, and no production order was forthcoming. 

</doc>
<doc id="21446907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446907" title="Reidar Kjellberg">
Reidar Kjellberg

Anders Reidar Kjellberg (19 April 1904– 22 February 1978) was a Norwegian art historian
and museum director.
Biography.
Anders Reidar Kjellberg was born in Fredrikstad in Østfold county, Norway. Kjellberg took his final exams in 1924 and began studying theology. However, he soon found out that he was more interested in the history of science, art history and literary history. In 1934 he took an Masters degree in art history.
In 1934, he was hired as an assistant keeper at the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History ("Norsk Folkemuseum"), a large open air museum located on Bygdøy in the Frogner borough of Oslo. He was promoted to deputy director in 1940. He became Director of the museum in 1947 as a replacement for the founding director, Hans Aall (1867- 1946). He remained museum director until he retired in 1974. 
In 1951, the Sami collection in the Ethnographic Museum of the University of Oslo was transferred to thr Norsk Folkemuseum. Kjellberg chaired the Broadcasting Council ("Kringkastingsrådet"), the advisory board to the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1951 to 1958 and the Association of Museums of Art and Cultural History ("Norske Kunst- og Kulturhistoriske Museer") from 1957 to 1966.
In 1957, Kjellberg was elected a member of the Royal Gustavus Adolphus Academy and in 1962 of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, where during the period 1964-1968 he was also a member of the Board. Reidar Kjellberg received the 1973 Oslo City Culture Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21446908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446908" title="Marmala waterfall">
Marmala waterfall

Marmala waterfall lies a few kilometres away from Erattupetta, in Kottayam district, Kerala, India inside a private estate. It is exactly 7 km from Teekoy rubber estate. From here a private vehicle can take you further 2 km after which the road is not motorable. Only a four-wheel drive (4x4) Jeep can go through the narrow path, often passing over the uneven rocky terrain where no car would go. Even the jeep will not take you to the bottom of the falls. To reach the falls one has to get off the jeep and trek through the estate over the slippery rocky path. The waterfall is about 60 metres in height, falling into a 12-meter deep pool and joins the River Teekoy way down.

</doc>
<doc id="21446911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446911" title="Acqua pazza">
Acqua pazza

Acqua pazza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21446928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446928" title="Case Closed (season 4)">
Case Closed (season 4)

The fourth season of the "Case Closed" anime was directed by Kenji Kodama and produced by TMS Entertainment and Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation. The series is based on Gosho Aoyama's "Case Closed" manga series. In Japan, the series is titled but was changed due to legal issues with the title "Detective Conan". The episodes' plot continues Jimmy Kudo's life as a young child named Conan Edogawa.
The episodes use six pieces of theme music: two opening theme and two closing themes in the Japanese episodes and one opening theme and one ending theme in the English adaption. The first Japanese opening theme is by Miho Komatsu up to episode ninety-six. The second opening theme is by Zard is for the rest of the season. The first ending theme is by Deen for the first episode of the season. The second is by Miho Komatsu for the rest of the season. The English opening is Mystery, "Nazo" with English lyrics sung by Stephanie Naldony until episode 102. The second opening is, "Unmei no Ruuretto Mawashite" by Zard, is used onwards. The first English ending theme is "Summer Without You" with lyrics by Carl Finch until episode eighty-seven. The second English ending is "Negaigoto Hitotsu Dake" by Miho Komatsu onwards.
The season initially ran from December 1, 1997 through June 22, 1998 on Nippon Television Network System in Japan. Episodes eighty-six to one hundred-six were later collected into seven DVD compilations by Shogakukan and were all released on March 24, 2006. The season was later licensed and dubbed by Funimation Entertainment and released in a DVD box set containing episodes eighty to one hundred-five, seventy-seven to ninety-nine in the Japanese numbering. The Viridian edition of the season was released on March 23, 2010.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21446931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446931" title="Sébastien Basson">
Sébastien Basson

Sébastien Basson was a French physician and natural philosopher of the early seventeenth century. He was an early theorist of a matter theory based both on atoms and compounds. To the modern reader, his natural philosophy looks eclectic, as it draws on several currents of thought, including Italian Renaissance naturalism, alchemy and Calvinist theology. Together with Isaac Beeckman he is sometimes considered the inventor of molecular theory.
Life.
Basson was born in the area of Metz in Lorraine around 1573 and studied at the Jesuit college of Pont-à-Mousson, where he took philosophy courses under Petrus Sinsonius. Where he obtained his doctorate in medicine is unknown. At some stage, but before 1610, he converted to Calvinism and got married in Lausanne, Switzerland. From 1611 to 1625, he taught rhetoric at the small Calvinist academy at Die-en-Dauphiné. In 1620, he had to appear before the board of theologians at Geneva in order to defend his anti-Aristotelian treatise, whose printing the censors had stopped. After tensions with the academic senate at Die had been rising for some years, he left the town in anger in 1625. Where he went and when he died is unknown.
Works.
Basson's "Philosophiae naturalis adversus Aristotelem libri XII in quibus abstrusa veterum phisiologia restauratur, et Aristotelis errores solidis rationes refelluntur" of 1621, was, as its title suggests, strongly against the conception of natural philosophy as based on Aristotle; it attacked in particular the concept of continuous magnitude. Leclerc considers this work the fullest expression of the “new conception of nature” that had arisen in Europe by the 1620s, at the hands of Francis Bacon, Galileo Galilei, David van Goorle, and Daniel Sennert.
For Basson, atoms may combine as "mixta", but they are not in a void, but rather in an ether. They are moved by it; in this suggestion Basso contradicts the teleology of the Jesuit view of causation. The theory of his time on the classical elements tended towards a version with five principles, but Basso rejected earth and water in his book, leaving his elemental theory as three Paracelsian principles. He opposed, though, the theory of "compounds", as admitted by Sennert, in the sense of mixtures having properties that were not properties of their atomistic constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="21446950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446950" title="Haagen Krog Steffens">
Haagen Krog Steffens

Haagen Krog Steffens (30 April 1873 – 9 May 1917) was a Norwegian historian, archivist and genealogist.
Haagen Krog Steffens was born in Christiania, the son of physician Henrich Steffens (1841-1984) and Asta Falch. Steffens belonged to a family originating in Holstein. Both his father and grandfather were doctors and his family fostered a number of prominent individuals.
Steffens attended Christiania Cathedral School. Steffens graduated with a Candidate of Law degree in 1897. Later he had a series of studies at archives in Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Belgium. He was hired was an archivist in the National Archival Services of Norway and had a decisive influence on the archive system. He is best known as a very diligent genealogists. 
His most important works were "Norske slægter", released in two volumes in 1912 and 1915; "Den norske Centraladministrasjons Historie 1814-1914", released in 1914; and "Kragerø bys historie", released in 1916. He wrote genealogies of several families, including the Mogensen, Mathiesen, Rod and Aall families. He was a published in both "Morgenbladet" and "Aftenposten".

</doc>
<doc id="21446955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446955" title="Institute for Health Freedom">
Institute for Health Freedom

The Institute for Health Freedom (IHF) was a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit think tank. It monitored and reported on national policies that were perceived as affecting citizens' freedom to choose health-care treatments and providers, and sought to bolster health privacy. The president of the IHF was Sue A. Blevins, a former nurse. The IHF was disbanded on November 18, 2010.
Issues and ideology.
Issues promoted by the IHF included its opposition to the sharing of genetic information without patient consent, its belief that citizens should have greater privacy and control over their health information, and its belief that people should be free to choose not to participate in a national electronic health-records system. Blevins argued that the "ease of access and transferring of records electronically makes it easier to invade privacy" and that the monitoring of diabetics without patients' consent is "a recipe for invasion of privacy." She also criticised a health bill that could allow government access to personal financial records and other information, saying that it could lead to patients being less honest with their doctors in an effort to protect their medical privacy.
Blevins has also expressed concern about new ways in which health records are used, saying that customers should be notified when their health information is transferred. Following the passing of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Blevins, on behalf of the Institute, argued that the economic stimulus law's plans for every American to use an electronic health record and to allow those records to be sold for research and public-health purposes without patients' consent weakens individuals' control over the flow of their personal health information. Speaking at a press conference sponsored by the Institute in 2002, Blevins said that people in the United States "will soon have to choose between health care and privacy."

</doc>
<doc id="21446966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446966" title="2009 SAP Open – Doubles">
2009 SAP Open – Doubles

Scott Lipsky and David Martin are the defending champions, but lost in the First Round to Eric Butorac and Ashley Fisher.

</doc>
<doc id="21446998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21446998" title="Hans Kristian Hansson">
Hans Kristian Hansson

Hans Kristian Hansson (1895 – 1959) was a Norwegian jurist and civil servant.
He was born in Brunlanes. He graduated with the cand.jur. degree, and in 1929 he was hired as a head of department in the Ministry of Justice and the Police. From the same year he was a lecturer of theology at the University of Oslo. In 1945 he was promoted to deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Education and Church Affairs. He issued several books regarding the church and law, including "Norsk kirkerett" (1935), "Stat og kirke" (1945) and "Den kristne og retten" (1946).

</doc>
<doc id="21447006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447006" title="Switzerland women's national under-18 ice hockey team">
Switzerland women's national under-18 ice hockey team

The Swiss women's national under 18 ice hockey team is the national under-18 ice hockey team in Switzerland. The team represents Switzerland at the International Ice Hockey Federation's IIHF World Women's U18 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21447043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447043" title="Ellinor Ljungros">
Ellinor Ljungros

Ellinor Ljungros (born 19 May 1953) is a former female long-distance runner from Sweden, who won the Rotterdam Marathon on 19 April 1986 clocking 2:41:06. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447044" title="SLAF Colombo">
SLAF Colombo

SLAF "Colombo" is the Sri Lanka Air Force headquarters in Colombo. In this capacity it has the offices of the Commander of the Air Force, Chief of Staff, the Board of Management (BOM) and Board of Directors (BOD) of the Sri Lanka Air Force. All air and ground operations are directed from SLAF "Colombo". 
Apart from functioning as a headquarters, it is a limited air base for helicopter operations. Established soon after the formation of Royal Ceylon Air Forces was formed in 1951 at the former officers mess of the former Ceylon Rifle Regiment at Rifle green. The officer's mess was moved in the 1970s when the Trans Asia Hotel was made in its location. The mess is currently housed in the Cinnamon gardens area of Colombo. It is the only Officers' Mess to be located outside a SLAF Station premises. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447046" title="Maarssen railway station">
Maarssen railway station

Maarssen is a railway station in Maarssenbroek and on the opposite side of the Amsterdam Rijnkanaal to Maarssen, The Netherlands. The station opened on 18 December 1843 and is located on the Amsterdam–Arnhem railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
In 1953 the station was served by 2 trains to and 2 trains from Amsterdam per day, the service improved in the 1970s following the building of Maarssenbroek, and in 1974 the station had an hourly service. In 1975 the station had a half hourly service.
A (fourth) new station building was built in 2004. In a 2005 survey approximately 5,523 passengers use this station per day.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Maarssen:
Bus services.
The following bus services depart from the bus station outside the station:
All Bus Services, are operated by the U-OV - Utrecht Municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="21447048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447048" title="1998 BC Lions season">
1998 BC Lions season

The 1998 BC Lions finished in third place in the West Division with a 9–9 record. They appeared in the West Semi-Final, but lost to the Edmonton Eskimos.
Awards and records.
1998 Intergold CFLPA All-Stars.
OG – Jamie Taras, Intergold CFLPA All-Star

</doc>
<doc id="21447055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447055" title="Castilleja pilosa">
Castilleja pilosa

Castilleja pilosa is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name parrothead Indian paintbrush. It is native to the western United States from California to Wyoming, where it grows in mountain and plateau habitat across the Great Basin and surrounding regions. It is known from sagebrush scrub to high mountains in alpine climates. 
Description.
This wildflower is a perennial herb growing upright or along the ground with hairy stems up to about 35 centimeters long. It is quite variable in appearance. The inflorescence is made up of layers of greenish, purplish, or pink bracts sometimes edged in white. Between the bracts bloom the pouched yellow-green flowers with protruding stigmas.
Varieties.
There are several varieties of this species:

</doc>
<doc id="21447064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447064" title="1983 Dallas Open – Doubles">
1983 Dallas Open – Doubles

Nduka Odizor and Van Winitsky won in the final 6–3, 7–5 against Steve Denton and Sherwood Stewart.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21447072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447072" title="1986 Lipton International Players Championships">
1986 Lipton International Players Championships

The 1986 Lipton International Players Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 2nd edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix and the 1986 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. Both the men's and the women's events took place in Boca West, Florida from February 10 through February 24, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21447075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447075" title="Per Hansson (journalist)">
Per Hansson (journalist)

Per Hansson (24 July 1922 – 12 June 1982) was a Norwegian journalist.
He was born in Kragerø. He was the editor-in-chief of the newspapers "Sør-Trøndelag" from 1949 to 1954 and "Akershus Folkeblad" from 1954 to 1958. In 1958 he was hired as a journalist in "Dagbladet", where he stayed until 1970. He published several books on Norway during World War II; 1965's "Det største spillet" was made into a film in 1967, with the English title "The Greatest Gamble". The same year he was awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment.

</doc>
<doc id="21447084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447084" title="Here for the Party (song)">
Here for the Party (song)

"Here for the Party" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson. It was released in July 2004 as the second single and title track from her album "Here for the Party". The song was Wilson's second chart entry on the country charts. It has been certified Gold by the RIAA. Wilson wrote this song with Big Kenny and John Rich.
Music video.
A music video was released for the song, directed by Deaton Flanigen and Gary Halverson. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447087" title="Kenneth Farley">
Kenneth Farley

Kenneth A. Farley is a noble gas isotope geochemist, W. M. Keck Foundation professor of geochemistry and chairman of the 
Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences at the California Institute of Technology. Farley specializes in the study of the accumulation of cosmic dust on seafloor sediments through analysis of the presence of Helium-3 and in the isotopic composition of mid-oceanic volcanic island basalts. Farley earned a B.S. in chemistry at Yale University in 1986 and his Ph.D. in geochemistry at the University of California, San Diego in 1991 under the guidance of Scripps Institution of Oceanography geochemist Harmon Craig. In 2000, to recognize the innovative and potentially beneficial nature of his research, Farley was awarded the National Academy of Science Award for Initiatives in Research.

</doc>
<doc id="21447103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447103" title="Blake Pier">
Blake Pier

Blake Pier may refer to the following.

</doc>
<doc id="21447109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447109" title="Ravne, Ajdovščina">
Ravne, Ajdovščina

Ravne () is a settlement in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saints John and Paul and belongs to the Parish of Črniče.

</doc>
<doc id="21447129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447129" title="Badruddin Ajmal">
Badruddin Ajmal

Badruddin Ajmal () (born 12 February 1950) is a member of the Indian Parliament from Dhubri Lok Sabha constituency, born in the Indian state of Assam. He is an industrialist, activist, educationist and philanthropist.
He established the Assam United Democratic Front (AUDF), now the All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) and consolidated its position in Indian politics especially in Assam. He is also the president of the Assam State Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind and a member of the advisory board of Darul Uloom Deoband.
Social activities.
A Fazil-e-Deoband (Equivalent to Masters Degree in Islamic Theology and Arabic) from Darul Uloom Deoband, Moulana Badruddin Ajmal is an industrialist, a businessman and a social worker.
He is also the founding President of NGO Markazul Ma'arif which runs schools, orphanages, hospitals and other social, educational and economic developmental activities in the country. The organization was founded in 1982 and works in Assam and other northeast states in the fields of illiteracy, poverty and basic immunization.
He is the Managing Trustee of Haji Abdul Majid Memorial (HAMM) Public Trust, Hojai. This trust is best known for the charitable hospital, Haji Abdul Majid Memorial Hospital and Research Center at Hojai, Assam.
He is a member of Advisory Board (Shura) of Darul Uloom Deoband, Uttar Pradesh and Central Working Committee, Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind. He is also the President of Assam State Jamiat Ulama-e-Hind and Tanzim Madaris-e Quamia — All Assam Non-government Madrasa Board that prepares the curriculum and conducts examinations throughout the state for more than 600 madrasas. He is also related to other madrasas, schools, and orphanages either as Chairman or Secretary in various parts of northeast India.
He is the Chairman of Markazul Ma’arif Education and Research Centre (MMERC), Mumbai — an institution that by teaches English language to madrasa graduates and promotes research works on socio-religious and economic fields.
In 2006 the Ajmal family facilitated higher education for women in Assam through the Maryam Ajmal Women’s College of Science & Technology at Hojai.
Political activities.
Ajmal established and became the founding president of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) - a political party formed by different suppressed sections of society and under-privileged religious and linguistic minority groups in Assam aimed at protecting their democratic rights and to empower these segments - on 2 October 2005 in Assam. Later he relaunched the party in other states of India through a press meet in New Delhi on 2nd Feb 2009.
In 2006 election for Assam Legislative Assembly, he was elected simultaneously from two constituencies — South Salmara and Jamunamukh — by a large margin of votes, and was also elected as the leader of the AUDF Legislative Party which altogether won 10 seats in its maiden electoral fight.
In the general election May 2009, although his party managed to win only one seat, that is, Ajmal himself won from Dhubri Lok Sabha seat with a large margin defeating his nearest Congress rival and sitting member Anowar Hussain, but the AIUDF's vote share is improved and secured the highest number of votes in 25 Assembly segments in Assam.
In 2011 election for Assam Legislative Assembly, AIUDF won 18 seats and emerged as the largest opposition party in Assam.
An Assamese Muslim group, the Sadou Asom Gariya – Moria Desi (SAGMJ), along with the All Assam Students Union, blamed Ajmal for inflammatory comments following Assam violence in 2012.
Literary activities.
Ajmal was the president of Hojai session reception committee of Assam Sahitya Sabha, 2004 and Darul Hadith, Jayanagar Madrassa, Assam.

</doc>
<doc id="21447144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447144" title="Bendix Ebbell">
Bendix Ebbell

Bendix Ebbell (1865 – 1941) was a Norwegian theologian and physician.
He was born in Christiania. He took the cand.theol. degree in 1888 and the cand.med. degree in 1892. From 1893 to 1912 he worked as a physician for the Norwegian missionaries in Madagascar, and from 1917 to 1935 he was the county physician in Rogaland. He was also an amateur Egyptologist, working with the Ebers Papyrus and the Edwin Smith Papyrus, and published a book of psalms.

</doc>
<doc id="21447147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447147" title="Selo, Ajdovščina">
Selo, Ajdovščina

Selo (; ) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
It is made up of smaller clusters of the hamlets of Britih, Barkula, Mandrija, Na Vasi/Na Gorici, Bauč, Gornji Konc, and Maitov Hrib.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Michael and belongs to the Parish of Batuje.

</doc>
<doc id="21447170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447170" title="Cimatron">
Cimatron

Cimatron Group is an Israeli software company that produces CAD/CAM software, for manufacturing, toolmaking and CNC programming applications.
The company is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol CIMT. The company's major shareholder is DBSI, whose co-managing partner, Yossi Ben-Shalom, chairs the Cimatron board.
Headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel, the company has subsidiaries in the USA, Germany, Italy, China, South Korea, India and Brazil, as well as resellers in over 40 countries. It claims that its main software products - CimatronE and GibbsCAM - are used in over 40,000 installations worldwide. Its clients are largely from the automotive, aerospace, consumer electronics, toys, medical, optics and telecom industries.
One of the company's largest clients is China’s Haier Mould, a subsidiary of the Haier Group.
History.
The company was founded in 1982 as MicroCAD, releasing its first software products Multicadd and Multicam in 1984 for use by small- to medium-sized tool shops. In 1987 the company changed its name to Cimatron. 
In 1990, the company launched Cimatron IT, which it claimed was the world's first integrated CAD/CAM software.
In March 1996 Cimatron began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol CIMT.
In 1999 Cimatron launched its product for Windows, CimatronE.
In March 2011, Cimatron began trading on the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, becoming a dual listed company. However, in 2013 its board of directors voted to delist from the TASE.
In July 2005, Cimatron acquired an initial 27.5% interest in Microsystem Srl, its Italian distributor. By July 2008, Cimatron had completed the acquisition of 100% of Microsystem.
In January 2008, Cimatron merged with US CNC machining software company Gibbs and Associates. Former Gibbs head Bill Gibbs assumed the position of Cimatron President North America and Vice Chairman of Cimatron Ltd. and agreed to remain with the company for at least five years.
In 2010, Cimatron was listed by PLM consulting firm CIMdata as one of the leading suppliers of CAM software, based on CAM software and services direct revenue received. CIMdata also predicted that Cimatron would be one of the five most rapidly growing CAM software companies in 2011.
In the 4th quarter of 2010, Cimatron reported its highest ever quarterly revenue of $11 million and operating profit of $1.7 million.
In 2011, the company was listed as one of Israel's fastest growing technology companies in the Deloitte Fast 50 Awards' list.
For 2012 Cimatron reported revenues of $42.3 million, with a record non-GAAP operating profit of $6.1 million.
In February 2013, Cimatron CEO Danny Haran announced that the company had begun researching the additive manufacturing field. In March of that year Cimatron established a 3D Printing Advisory board, naming 3D printing expert Terry Wohlers as its first member.
Products.
CimatronE.
CimatronE is an integrated CAD/CAM solution for mold, die and tool makers and manufacturers of discrete parts, providing associativity across the manufacturing process from quoting, through design and delivery. The solution's products include mold design, electrode design, die design, 2.5 to 5-axis numerical control (NC) programming and 5-axis discrete part production. In 2010 the CimatronE SuperBox was launched, a combined hardware-software device for the offloading and acceleration of toolpath calculations in NC programming. The CimatronE 11 version was unveiled at the International Manufacturing Technology Show in September 2012.
GibbsCAM.
GibbsCAM specializes in 2- through 5-axis milling, turning, mill/turning, multi-task simultaneous machining and wire-EDM. It also provides integrated manufacturing modeling, including 2D, 2.5D, 3D wireframe, surface and solid modeling.

</doc>
<doc id="21447199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447199" title="Fifth Avenue Shoe Repair">
Fifth Avenue Shoe Repair

Fifth Avenue Shoe Repair is a Swedish fashion label founded in 2004 by Astrid Olsson and Lee Cotter. In January 2009 the label received the "Designer of the Year" at the Swedish Elle Style Awards.
The label carries two lines, a ready to wear line as well as a couture inspired line that goes under the name "By the no".

</doc>
<doc id="21447209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447209" title="William Campion (organist)">
William Campion (organist)

William Campion was the first Organist of Chichester Cathedral mentioned in the cathedral archives, and was paid 6 s. 8 d. for playing the 'organs in the choir' and 3 s. 4 d. for the 'organs in the Lady Chapel' in the last quarter of 1543 and twice again in 1544. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447212" title="Illickan mountain">
Illickan mountain

Illickal Mala, located in Kerala, India, measures approximately 6000 ft. above sea level. Numerous mountain streams in this peak, flow down to form the Meenachil River. Tourists must trek 3 km to reach the summit of the peak.
Illickal Kallu comprises three hills, each rising to 4000 ft. and above sea level. Each of the hills has a peculiar shape. One of them resembles a mushroom, which is why it is known as "Kuda Kallu" (umbrella shaped rock). It is said that the medicinal herb "Neela Koduveli" grows here. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447215" title="Jaz (island)">
Jaz (island)

Jaz is small uninhabited island in the Adriatic Sea, Croatia.
Jaz is situated only 55 m off coast, halfway between towns of Primošten and Rogoznica. Its area is . The highest peak of this island is approximately 44 m. Its famous by proximity of coast, so a tourist can cross over from the coast without the use of a boat, but with towel in their hands.

</doc>
<doc id="21447217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447217" title="Diego Mazquiarán">
Diego Mazquiarán

Diego Mazquiarán (born February 19, 1895 in Sestao, Vizcaya, Spain — died May 19, 1940 in Lima, Peru), often called simply Fortuna, was a Spanish matador.
Career.
Mazquiarán was made a full matador on September 17, 1916 by Rafael Gómez in Madrid, Spain.
On January 22, 1928 a bull escaped from its corral in Madrid, Spain. The bull roamed the city for three hours, injuring eleven and killing one. Mazquiarán and his wife encountered the bull on the Gran Via, which prompted Mazquiarán to send his wife back home to retrieve his sword while he used his overcoat as if it were a cape to pass the bull. When his wife returned with his sword, Mazquiarán killed the bull with a single thrust. The crowd that gathered awarded Mazquiarán both of the bull's ears for his performance. For his actions Mazquiarán was awarded the Cruz de Beneficencia.
Mazquiarán was the first matador to fight in the newly constructed Madrid bullring when he killed the bull "Hortelano" on June 17, 1931.
Mazquiarán's mental health deteriorated as he aged, and he died May 19, 1940 in a mental hospital in Lima, Peru.
Critical Response.
Ernest Hemingway said of Mazquiarán in "Death in the Afternoon" that he was "...a great killer...", but that he had no variety and knew "...only one way to work with a bull." Hemingway also noted that Mazquiarán was one of the few matadors who attended bullfights that he was not performing in.
Barnaby Conrad said of Mazquiarán that his volapiés were among the best ever performed.

</doc>
<doc id="21447225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447225" title="Marian Cozma">
Marian Cozma

Marian Cozma (8 September 1982 – 8 February 2009) was a Romanian handball player. He was born in Tei, Bucharest and died in Veszprém, Hungary after being attacked and stabbed in a nightclub fight. During his career he played for HC Dinamo Bucureşti and KC Veszprém and he was also a member of the Romanian national handball team.
Career.
Cozma began his handball career in HC Dinamo Bucureşti. His father, Petre was also a handball player, and he guided his son to the sport.
He played in the Dinamo first squad from 2002 to 2006 and won the Romanian championship with the club in the 2004-2005 season.
During his time at Dinamo, Cozma was once attacked and stabbed near his house by a group of fanatic supporters of a rival team. "They asked me if I'm Cozma from Dinamo and then one of them stabbed me in the back", he said. He got an 8 centimeters long and 3 centimeters deep wound near the spine, but he recovered and was back on the playing field shortly afterwards.
In 2006, he was transferred to MKB Veszprém. With his new team he participated in the EHF Champions League in the 2006-2007 season, scoring 17 goals in the tournament. In 2008, they won the Hungarian championship and also the EHF Cup Winners' Cup defeating Rhein-Neckar Löwen in the final.
At the time of his death, Cozma was allegedly in talks with several major handball clubs in Spain, including FC Barcelona. A few days before his death, he resigned from further participation in the Romanian national team after not getting enough opportunity to play on the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship from the federal captain, and it was mentioned that he might apply for Hungarian citizenship and play for Hungary in the future.
Death.
Cozma died on 8 February 2009 after a stabbing attack that happened in a bar in Veszprém, Hungary. The members of KC Veszprém were celebrating the birth of the son of a player and the birthday of another, when they got into an altercation with a gang of 25-30 Romani people. Cozma was stabbed to death, while two other teammates suffered critical injuries. As of 18 February, five people have been arrested in connection with the events.
Legacy.
Cozma was loved at Veszprém, on the day of his death a crowd of about 1,000 gathered in front of the town's sports arena for a torchlit vigil that was mirrored in several other towns and cities in across Hungary.
On 10 February 2009 his body has been first taken from the mortuary to the Veszprém sports hall, from where it was subsequently transferred to Szeged, the home town of KC Veszprém's greatest rivals, where the Hungarian authorities held a goodbye ceremony. Then a few hours later the convoy entered Romania and went through Nădlac, Arad, Deva, Sibiu, Braşov and Ploieşti to the applause of tens of thousands of people all the way along, before arriving to Bucharest after an 18-hour long journey. The body was placed within club Dinamo’s trophy room, where supporters were able to pay their respects, from where on 13 February 2009 it was transferred to the church of the Teiul Doamnei parish for the funeral service. Approximately a thousand people attended the service including his former teammates from Veszprém and the youth and sports minister as well as the state secretary for sports of Romania. Cozma was finally laid to rest in the Pipera cemetery.
The Romanian Handball Federation Board decided that the Olympic National Center of Excellence in Sighişoara will change name to Marian Cozma. The Handball Federations of Romania and Hungary have agreed to organize an annual commemoration match between the national teams of the two countries in the memory of him, both in Veszprém and Bucharest. His #8 jersey was retired by his club KC Veszprém as well as the shirt #82 worn by him in the national team of Romania.
He was posthumously appointed honorary citizen of Veszprém, and he is also set to be awarded the title of honorary citizen of Bucharest.
He was awarded the title of emeritus master of sports by the Romanian authorities.
The Nicolae Pârâu street where he lived in Bucharest will wear his name.
The City Hall of Bucharest Sector 2 decided to give the "Distinction of honor" to Marian Cozma post-mortem.
It was decided that the sports hall of the school, number 30 "Grigore Ghica Voivode" of Lăptari Tei no. 23 in Sector 2, where he and his father enrolled, will bear the name of Marian Cozma.
Peluza sud of Dinamo stadium will wear the name of Marian Cozma.
KC Veszprém played its first match after Cozma's death on 15 February, against Ademar León in the EHF Champions League. Fans paid their tribute to Cozma with a silent march through the city before the game. The Veszprém players entered the court for team presentations in white t-shirts, with Cozma's picture on the front and his #8 on the back. Several of the fans were dressed in black, and held farewell message transparents. Veszprém went on to pull out an emotional 28-26 victory in the game.
On 24 May, KC Veszprém won the Hungarian championship after defeating SC Pick Szeged in the third game of the championship finals. Team members, wearing their white t-shirts with Cozma's picture, were led up to the medal ceremony by Petre Cozma, who was also issued a gold medal by the Hungarian handball association, which he then hanged on to a giant photo of his son.
The handball match between "U" Transilvania and HC Odorheiu Secuiesc in February 2009 was dedicated to his memory.
A movie about the murder, "Szíven szúrt ország" ("A Country Stabbed in the Heart") premiered on May 7, 2009 in Veszprém.
The friendly football match from 12 August 2009 between Hungary and Romania was dedicated to his memory. Journalists nationals of Hungary and Romania, along with other guests from both countries have also organized a friendly match before the senior teams, a match against violence and in memory of Marian Cozma.
On 6 February 2010 a statue of Cozma was unveiled at the Veszprém Aréna in Veszprém, from money donated by the Hungarian public.

</doc>
<doc id="21447226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447226" title="1997 BC Lions season">
1997 BC Lions season

The 1997 BC Lions finished in fourth place in the West Division with an 8–10 record. Because of the "crossover" rule, they appeared in the East Semi-Final. The Lions became the first West Division team to appear in the East Division playoffs, but lost to the Montreal Alouettes.

</doc>
<doc id="21447227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447227" title="Don Quixote (1957 film)">
Don Quixote (1957 film)

Don Quixote (, translit. "Don Kikhot") is a 1957 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It is based on Evgeny Shvartz's stage adaptation of Miguel de Cervantes's classic novel of the same name. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival. It opened in the United States in 1961, beginning its U.S. run on January 20.
The film was exhibited in the mid-1960s by Australian University film clubs receiving the productions of Sovexportfilm. It was the first film version of "Don Quixote" to be filmed in both widescreen and color.
Changes to the storyline.
Although largely faithful to the storyline of the Cervantes novel, the film makes several significant changes and adopts an overall more outwardly serious tone than does the original book. The order of Quixote's adventures is completely changed, with the famous windmill scene occurring towards the end, just after Don Quixote has been completely humiliated and mocked by Altisidora, the "damsel" at the Ducal Palace who pretended to be dead out of love for him. Quixote then angrily leaves the palace, where he and Sancho have been repeatedly 'treated" to practical jokes, and at the same time, Sancho, who has been mockingly made governor of a nonexistent island, is "overthrown" by a staged revolt. The separated knight and squire encounter each other again on the road, and soon come upon the windmills. Immediately after tilting against them and being injured by being thrown to the ground by the sails, they encounter the Knight of the White Moon, who is really Sanson Carrasco in disguise. He challenges Quixote, who is now too weak to fight, to a joust and easily defeats him. Carrasco then reveals his true identity to Quixote and Sancho. The three of them make their way back to Don Quixote's village, where the old man is soon at death's door. As in several adaptations (but not as in the novel), Aldonza, the wench whom Don Quixote believes to be his lady Dulcinea, actually makes an appearance in the film. She appears at the beginning, when Don Quixote is first preparing to sally forth as a knight and "christens" her Dulcinea, and at the end, grieving with the knight's family at his deathbed.

</doc>
<doc id="21447229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447229" title="Jacqui Dankworth">
Jacqui Dankworth

Jacqui Dankworth (born 5 February 1963) is a British jazz singer. She is the daughter of the jazz musician, arranger and composer Sir John Dankworth and the singer Dame Cleo Laine.
Life and career.
Dankworth was born in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England. Before taking to the stage as a singer Jacqui Dankworth worked as an actress with the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal National Theatre and John Dexter's Company playing a multitude of critically acclaimed roles. The plays soon turned into musicals and before long Dankworth was playing in the West End. This in turn led her to her own recording career.
In 2003, Dankworth released her first album, "As The Sun Shines Down On Me" on Candid Records. This album brought her to the attention of Michael Parkinson and BBC Radio 2, and she appeared regularly on air throughout that year. More guest appearances followed, Dankworth featured on Courtney Pine’s album "Devotion", which was released on 6 October 2003. Tied in with the release, Dankworth performed alongside Pine at the Royal Festival Hall, as part of the London Jazz Festival.
This new found attention brought her a guest appearance in the film, "Shoreditch", starring Joely Richardson and Shane Ritchie. Dankworth appeared in the opening shot singing the Billie Holiday number, "My Man", and later sang "Body and Soul" as a featured track.
Dankworth followed the success of "As The Sun Shines Down On Me" with the 2004 release, "Detour Ahead". Her third album, "Back To You" was released in 2009. She is currently working on an album that she started with her late father, and appeared in the "Les Misérables" film.
Personal life.
Dankworth attended St. Christopher School in Hertfordshire and is married to Charlie Wood, a blues keyboardist and vocalist from Memphis, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="21447248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447248" title="Ole Falck Ebbell">
Ole Falck Ebbell

Ole Falck Ebbell (1839 – 1919) was a Norwegian architect. He worked primarily in Trondheim, but he was also responsible for the design of buildings in other parts of Norway. 
Biography.
Ole Falck Ebbell was born in Oslo, the son of a lawyer, Ole Falck Ebbell. He studied architecture in Germany and Switzerland and had several years of work in Oslo before he came to Trondheim. He was a teacher of mechanics and architecture at Trondheim Technical Learning Institution, the precursor to the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1871 and in 1891 he became the teacher of architecture and head of the architectural department. He was a member of the commission for the restoration of the Nidaros Cathedral in Trondheim (1882-1894). He is known for several works in different parts of the country.
Ole Falck Ebbell had a son Ole-Falk Ebbell (1879–1969), later: Ole-Falk Ebbell-Staehelin, who became civil engineer. His son contributed e.g. the Goetheanum in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="21447249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447249" title="Sona Ghazarian">
Sona Ghazarian

Sona Ghazarian (born September 2, 1945) is an Armenian-Austrian operatic soprano. A Kammersängerin of the Republic of Austria, she has sung over 70 roles in the major opera houses of both Europe and the United States.
Biography.
Sona Ghazarian was born in Beirut where she studied psychology at the American University of Beirut and singing at the National Conservatory. After further study at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena and the Accademia di Santa Cecilia in Rome, she joined the Vienna State Opera in 1972 and sang there for many years where her notable roles have included Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera" and Violetta in "La Traviata". She made her Salzburg Festival debut in 1973 as Barbarina in "Le nozze di Figaro" and subsequently sang there in 1975 as Blonde in "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" and in 1983 as Marzelline in "Fidelio". Her Metropolitan Opera debut came in 1987 as Adina in "L'elisir d'amore". She returned there in 1989 as Musetta in "La bohème". Sona Ghazarian is now a singing teacher in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="21447283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447283" title="Carl Just">
Carl Just

Carl Just (10 September 1897 – 16 October 1990) was a Norwegian journalist.
Early and personal life.
He was born in Kristiania to the wholesaler Carl Johan Beckman (1871–1931) and his wife Selma Augusta Just (1877–1946). Just grew up in Kristiania with foster parents. He never met his father, but met his mother once in his adult life. He married Margaretha Aximia Lundqvist (1894–1969) in 1919.
Career.
In 1917–19, he worked as a journalist in the Norwegian newspaper "Dagbladet". After that, he moved to Bergen, where he became editor-in-chief of "Folkets Avis". From 1921 to 1928, he was an editor of the Christian newspaper "Dagen". Thereafter, he worked in the news department of the broadcasting corporation in Bergen for two years. He edited "Morgenbladet" from 1928 to 1936. After a brief period in "Bergens Aftenblad", Just became the editor-in-chief of a number of weekly magazines and yearbooks.
Just was the rector of the Norwegian Journalist Academy throughout its existence, from 1951 to 1964. From 1950 to 1965 he was also the editor of the Norwegian Trekking Association yearbook. He has published several books about journalism as well as the city of Oslo. In 1966 he was the editor of the second edition of the Oslo City Encyclopedia.

</doc>
<doc id="21447294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447294" title="Aqsab Mosque">
Aqsab Mosque

The Aqsab Mosque (, transliteration: "Jami al-Aqsab") is an Ayyubid-era mosque in Damascus, Syria, located in the vicinity of Bab al-Salam, on Suq Sarouja.
History.
The mosque was built by Ayyubid king Al-Ashraf in 1234. It is believed to have been built over a Byzantine church. Under Mamluk rule, the mosque was enlarged to accommodate larger crowds in 1321, and in 1408 it was largely rebuilt on a larger scale by Nassir al-Din Muhammad bin Ibrahim Ben Manjak. Renovations took place in 1450 and 1495.
Architecture.
The mosque is composed of a prayer hall giving onto a courtyard and a square minaret attached to its east wall.
Interior.
The "mihrab" on the "qibla" wall is a pointed arched niche, covered with a semi dome set in an intricately decorated rectangular frame. Its semi dome and crown arch are built of alternating white and yellow stones, while the lower part of the niche is built with yellow stone only. Its arch rests on two marble columns on each side carrying muqarnas capitals. The lower part of the niche is decorated with three blind niches composed of porphyry and gray marble inlaid with turquoise ceramics and mother of pearl. A Quranic inscription painted in gold runs along the bottom of the "mihrab" semi-dome. A large inscriptive medallion framed in stone sits above the keystone of the "mihrab" arch, whose spandrels bear marble discs covered with gilt floral motifs on stone, surrounded by tile mosaics. Two similar golden discs adorn either side of the "mihrab", framed by geometric compositions. Above the "mihrab" are three windows with painted wooden frames and colored glass.
Courtyard.
The courtyard is paved with contemporary terrazzo tiles and framed with three-bay arcades on the north, east and western sides. Built of alternating limestone and basalt voussoirs, the arches rest on pink stone columns and pilasters with carved capitals. The east arcade houses a tomb dedicated to Aqsab al-Sadat, or the seven companions of the Prophet Mohammed, as indicated by an inscription above the mausoleum door. Entered from the courtyard, the prayer hall is composed of a row of four columns aligned in the east-west direction, supporting five arches below the flat roof. The walls are covered with white glossy paint.
Minaret.
Rising next to the east mosque wall is the "minaret" rectangular shaft terminating at a hexagonal turret. The shaft is built of courses of yellow stone interrupted by bands of basalt and limestone. Just below the balcony, the shaft is punctured at its four sides by double arched windows, each topped by a pointed arch built of alternating basalt and limestone voussoirs. Above, a roofed balcony built of metal and wood wraps around the shaft. The roof and its turret are later additions built with sheets of plywood and metal.

</doc>
<doc id="21447313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447313" title="Soso Grishikashvili">
Soso Grishikashvili

Ioseb "Soso" Irodis dze Grishikashvili (; born 25 December 1971 in Telavi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union now Kakheti, Georgia) is a Georgian goalkeeper. He has played for Russian club FC Alania Vladikavkaz and won Russian champion title in 1996. He also played for FK Ventspils, FK Baku, FC Dinamo Tbilisi. He has played for Georgia national football team and has won 10 caps, all in friendlies. He is the player of FC MIKA,since August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21447315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447315" title="The Harvest Month">
The Harvest Month

The Harvest Month () is a 1956 Finnish drama film directed by Matti Kassila. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21447324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447324" title="Elokuu">
Elokuu

Elokuu (August in Finnish) is a Finnish hip hop band founded in 2011 by reggae artist Nopsajalka, Kenyan-Finnish rapper Juno and producer Jonas W. Karlsson as a mix of Finnish swing and jazz. 
Their first official single "Soutaa huopaa" was released on 20 January 2012 with great success. It peaked at number 2 on the Finnish Singles Chart. Elokuu's debut album "Hääväki saapuu" released by Capitol / EMI Music entered the Finnish Albums Chart at number 2 in its first week of release.

</doc>
<doc id="21447332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447332" title="2009 in British music charts">
2009 in British music charts

This is a summary of the year 2009 in British music. 31 singles have occupied the number-one spot including 15 new entries. Due to the increase in downloads over physical sales, singles now tend to enter the chart at a lower position, before climbing to the top a few weeks later: a trend which was previously rarely seen in the later half of the 1990s and most of the 2000s.
Summary of UK chart activity.
January.
Alexandra Burke's "Hallelujah", the Christmas number-one single of 2008, remained at the top of the Singles Chart for a third week on 4 January. One week later, however, American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga's debut single "Just Dance" went to number one, and stayed there for the remainder of the month. Elsewhere in January, Girls Aloud scored their twentieth consecutive top ten single with "The Loving Kind", while Beyoncé returned to the top ten with "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", the second single from her "I Am… Sasha Fierce" album. American rapper Kid Cudi made his top ten debut with "Day 'n' Nite" which peaked at number two, whilst The Saturdays' third single "Issues" peaked at number four.
Kings of Leon's "Only by the Night" album, which spent two weeks at number one in 2008, returned to the top of the Albums Chart on 11 January on the strength of their recent single "Use Somebody", while The Script's eponymous debut album - another number one of last year - also returned to the peak of the chart. Indie rock band White Lies scored their first number one album when debut LP "To Lose My Life..." topped the charts on 25 January, while Lady Gaga's debut album "The Fame" entered at number three.
February.
Lady Gaga finally got knocked off the number one spot by Lily Allen, who scored her second number one with "The Fear". Alesha Dixon's second single, "Breathe Slow" from her album "The Alesha Show" climbed up to number six, two weeks before its CD release. It finally climbed up to number three two weeks later, her highest peaking solo hit.
White Lies got knocked off from the number one album spot by Bruce Springsteen with his new album, "Working on a Dream". Franz Ferdinand's third album, "", missed out at number two. Bruce Springsteen kept number one for another week, whilst The View's second album "Which Bitch?" entered at number four.
Rapper Eminem returned with "Crack a Bottle", which entered the singles chart at number four on downloads alone, his first hit in four years. This month also saw the re-entry of M.I.A. with her song "Paper Planes" due to the multi-BAFTA-winning film "Slumdog Millionaire". The lead single from the first The Prodigy album in five years, "Omen", peaked at number four on the singles chart.
BRIT Awards.
At the 2009 BRIT Awards, Welsh singer Duffy cleaned up, grabbing three out of the four she was nominated for. Coldplay didn't win a single award after also being nominated for four. Girls Aloud claimed their first BRIT for Best British Single ("The Promise"). Kings of Leon received two awards for Best International Group and Best International Album ("Only by the Night"). The night also saw first BRIT awards for Katy Perry for International Female Solo and Elbow for Best British Band.
March.
Kelly Clarkson, the winner of the first series of "American Idol", scored her first UK number one single on 1 March with "My Life Would Suck Without You", the lead single from her fourth studio album "All I Ever Wanted". Teenage country/pop singer Taylor Swift jumped 20 places to number two with "Love Story". Kelly Clarkson then got knocked down to number four by Flo Rida with "Right Round" who prevented The Saturdays from getting number one with "Just Can't Get Enough" which was the first time in 14 years that the Comic Relief song did not hit number one. The second Comic Relief song, "Barry Islands in the Stream" got to number one a week later and a week after that it got knocked off by Lady Gaga who gained a surprise second number one with "Poker Face". On 29 March, Noisettes entered the top forty for the first time with "Don't Upset The Rhythm (Go Baby Go)" at number two, Pussycat Dolls' new single "Jai Ho! (You Are My Destiny)" with A.R. Rahman climbed to number five and "Halo" by Beyoncé got to number four.
Kings of Leon got knocked off from the number one album spot by The Prodigy with their first studio album in five years, "Invaders Must Die". The Prodigy then got knocked off from number one by U2 with their first album in five years, "No Line on the Horizon" which outsold the rest of the top forty combined to claim the top spot. U2 kept the top spot the next week whilst Kelly Clarkson's album "All I Ever Wanted" went straight in at number four and Annie Lennox got to number two with "The Annie Lennox Collection". On Mother's Day week Ronan Keating topped the albums chart with "Songs For My Mother", while Annie Lennox stayed at number two.
April.
On the first chart of April, Lady Gaga stayed at number one on the singles chart with "Poker Face" which went on to become the UK's biggest-selling single of 2009.Metro Station's debut song "Shake It" climbed to number six and La Roux's song "In for the Kill" climbed up into the top ten after a fortnight at number eleven, reaching number seven. The next week La Roux climbed higher to number four, Calvin Harris knocked Lady Gaga off the top with "I'm Not Alone" and Ciara's new single, "Love Sex Magic" with Justin Timberlake entered at number six. On 19 April, Calvin Harris stayed at number one for a second week with "I'm Not Alone". La Roux climbed 2 places to number two, knocking Lady Gaga to number three, and Pussycat Dolls to number four. Eminem gained the highest new entry with "We Made You". On 26 April the abtly titled "Number 1" by Tinchy Stryder and N-Dubz went straight in at number one. Curiously, despite 23 releases since chart records began, no other single has ever reached number one, referencing its chart position in the title. They saw off competition from La Roux, who was a non mover at 2 whilst Calvin Harris dropped two places to number 3. Climbers included Eminem who rose three places to 5 and Lily Allen rose one place to 9. Lady Gaga however dropped one place to number 4 and Ciara Feat. Justin Timberlake also slightly dropped.
On the first albums chart of the month, Lady Gaga finally climbed to number one with "The Fame", knocking off Ronan Keating with "Songs For My Mother" and Flo Rida's second album "R.O.O.T.S." debuted at number five, becoming his highest charting album to date. The next week Lady Gaga kept number one with new albums from Doves at number two and Bat for Lashes with "Two Suns" at number five. On 26 April, Lady Gaga kept her reign over the albums chart keeping her album "The Fame" at the summit for a month despite heavy competition from Depeche Mode.
May.
On the first chart of May, the top two remained static, whilst at three, pushing Lady Gaga and Calvin Harris down one each, was Ironik and Chipmunk's remix of Elton John's "Tiny Dancer". Girls Aloud only managed to climb to number eleven, therefore breaking their run of consecutive top tens with "Untouchable". The next week Tinchy Stryder and N-Dubz got knocked down to number two as The Black Eyed Peas' comeback single "Boom Boom Pow" debuted at the top on downloads alone. Lily Allen and Eminem both benefited from physicals as they went to number five and four respectively. Black Eyed Peas were knocked from number 1 by another new entry, Dizzee Rascal with his new hit "Bonkers". Eurovision winner Alexander Rybak also had a top ten placing with "Fairytale".
Lady Gaga finally got knocked from the number one album spot by Bob Dylan with "Together Through Life", his first studio album in almost three years. The Enemy's new album "Music for the People" went straight in at number two. On 17 May Bob Dylan got knocked down seven places by Green Day's new album "21st Century Breakdown" which only had two days of sales to get to number 1. The long awaited comeback album from musician Eminem titled "Relapse" goes straight to the top becoming this year's fastest selling album with over 166,000 copies in its first week in the UK. Also in the top ten was Madness' new album and "Journal for Plague Lovers" by Manic Street Preachers at numbers five and three respectively.
June.
On the first chart of June, Black Eyed Peas regained the number one spot from Dizzee Rascal after "Britain's Got Talent" winners, Diversity danced to it in their winning routine. Agnes's debut single in the UK Release Me peaked at number three. Keri Hilson's follow-up single "Knock You Down" climbed to number six. On 14 June chart, Pixie Lott debuted at number one with her single "Mama Do (Uh Oh, Uh Oh)". Also on the singles chart, "When Love Takes Over" by David Guetta featuring Kelly Rowland charted at number seven after a rush release due to a "cover" version being released on iTunes, before climbing to the top spot a week later. The cover, by Airi L, charted at number twenty-two. The following week, David Guetta was knocked off the number one spot by a new entry from La Roux; the band's third single, "Bulletproof". Also this week, the top one hundred singles chart saw a staggering twenty-eight re-entries from Michael Jackson (six of which reached the top forty), following the singer's death, which included Earth Song, Thriller, Billie Jean and Man in the Mirror. Lady Gaga's third single, Paparazzi entered the top five at number four.
Paolo Nutini reached the number one albums spot with his second album "Sunny Side Up" whilst Daniel Merriweather's debut album went straight to number two. The next week Kasabian went straight in at number one on the albums chart with "West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum". Other high new entries on the albums came from The Black Eyed Peas with "The E.N.D." at three and Little Boots with "Hands" at five. Following the death of "King of Pop" Michael Jackson, his album "Number Ones" reclaimed the top spot after first reaching number one in 2003. His album, "Thriller", also re-entered the top-ten albums chart at number seven. Five other albums by Michael Jackson also re-entered the top one-hundred albums chart, "King of Pop", "Off the Wall", "The Essential Michael Jackson", "Thriller 25" and "Bad". In this otherwise fairly quiet week, the highest new entry was at number fifteen for "The Music Of My Life" by Neil Sedaka, while big climbers going back into the top 5 came from Take That with "The Circus" moving up 12 to 4, and Lady Gaga with "The Fame" moving up 18 to 5.
Oasis begins the summer stadium leg of their world tour with 3 sold-out homecoming concerts at the 70,000 capacity Heaton Park between 4 to 7 June.
July.
On 5 July, thirty-seven Michael Jackson songs reached the Top 100 (beating last week's record of twenty-eight), thirteen of which reached the Top 40, breaking Elvis Presley's record of seven, the highest of those was "Man in the Mirror" which reached number two, it was beaten to number one by Cascada with "Evacuate the Dancefloor", which knocked the previous week's number one "Bulletproof" by La Roux down to number three.
In the Album Chart, a total of eleven Michael Jackson albums reached the Top 100, with "The Essential Michael Jackson" making it to the top spot. "Number One's" and "King Of Pop" were also both in the top five and "Thriller" and "Off The Wall" made the top ten, the highest new entry was La Roux's self titled debut album which reached number two. With The Essential Michael Jackson knocking Number Ones off the top spot, Jackson became only the third act to ever manage two consecutive #1 albums - the first act to do it was The Beatles who achieved the feat twice, and later Mike Oldfield became the second. Florence and the Machine, with her debut album "Lungs", which was released on 6 July, spent five weeks at #2 behind Michael Jackson.
After two weeks at the top spot, "Evacuate the Dancefloor" was knocked to #2 by JLS' debut single "Beat Again." The second highest new entry that week came from Chicane, who reached #7 with his trance reworking of "Hoppípolla" by Sigur Rós, entitled "Poppiholla". 3OH!3 also released debut single "Don't Trust Me" in the UK and charted at #21, while "21 Guns" by Green Day reached #40 after a twenty place climb on physical release. The following week however, it climbed to #39 as Michael Jackson's songs dropped. This became the band's lowest peaking single to date, peaking 15 places lower than previous single "Know Your Enemy".
JLS continued on to spend a second week at the summit, fighting off competition from the week's highest new entry, Mr Hudson and Kanye West's Supernova at #2 and I Gotta Feeling by The Black Eyed Peas which stayed at #3. With the release of Now 73 that week, five 'older' songs re-entered the chart - the highest was Lily Allen with Not Fair at #28. The only other new entry that week was Frankmusik's Confusion Girl (Shame Shame Shame), and Beyoncé climbed up into the top ten with Sweet Dreams, the fourth top ten single from "I Am... Sasha Fierce".
August.
On 2 August, The Black Eyed Peas finally reached number one with I Gotta Feeling, seven weeks after it was first available. The highest new entry was I Made It Through The Rain by John Barrowman at #14, after a campaign on Chris Moyles' BBC Radio 1 breakfast show to get the song into the charts. The next week saw the Black Eyed Peas replaced by the second number 1 for Tinchy Stryder, Never Leave You (with Amelle Berrabah from girl band Sugababes). On the album chart Michael Jackson's greatest hits The Essential remained at #1 for a sixth week, with Florence + The Machine's Lungs at #2 for a fifth week. Tinchy Stryder's run only lasted one week as 16 August saw the Black Eyed Peas return to #1 on the singles chart with "I Gotta Feeling" climbing back to the top, and Michael Jackson's seventh and final week at #1 on the albums chart. This week (16 August) also saw Beyoncé's latest album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce", raise to its highest peak thus far of #2, after 39 weeks on the chart, due to the success of her latest top 5 single, "Sweet Dreams".
Both charts saw new number 1s the following week, with David Guetta achieving his second number 1 with Sexy Bitch, this time featuring Akon as the vocalist. Calvin Harris replaced Michael Jackson at the top of the albums chart with "Ready for the Weekend", with the single of the same name reaching #3, while Tinchy Stryder's album Catch 22 reached #2.
The final number 1 single of August saw Dizzee Rascal's third chart topper in a row with Holiday, which like his previous year's number 1 Dance Wiv Me was produced by Calvin Harris and also features R&B singer Chrome. The Arctic Monkeys entered at number 1 on the albums chart with "Humbug".
On 28 August a backstage fight before a concert, between brothers Noel Gallagher and Liam Gallagher led to the official splitting up of the Britpop band Oasis, announced by brother Noel on the band's website. Oasis was later said to be continuing without Noel under the new name Beady Eye.
September.
Another new number 1 single on 6 September, with Jay-Z teaming up with Rihanna and Kanye West for Run This Town. At number 2 was the Sugababes with Get Sexy, their biggest hit in two years, and at number 6, Kings of Leon made a surprising return to the top 10 with 2008 hit Sex on Fire, which regained popularity after the summer festival season and being covered on the ITV1 talent show The X Factor. On the albums chart the Arctic Monkeys spent a second week at #1, while Dame Vera Lynn's greatest hits album "We'll Meet Again" climbed to number 2. It was the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of World War II, when her career flourished, and at the age of 92, this made her the oldest ever living person to have an album chart that high. Kings of Leon repeated their success from the singles chart with their album Only By The Night climbing from outside the top 20 back to number 4.
On 13 September, Pixie Lott broke the record for the largest jump to number 1 within a top 75, with "Boys and Girls" climbing 72 places after being #73 the previous week. There was also competition from Mika, returning after two years with "We Are Golden", new dance group Mini Viva with "Left My Heart In Tokyo", rock band Muse returned with "Uprising", the lead single from new album "The Resistance" and Shakira returned after three years with "She Wolf", all entering at #4, #7, #9 and #25 respectively. Meanwhile, Lady Gaga's fourth single LoveGame peaked at number 19, despite the song's controversial music video and lyrics. However, it had already entered the charts earlier in the year thanks to download sales from her debut album The Fame.
October.
Taio Cruz's Break Your Heart remained at the top spot for the first week of November beating the likes of Madonna. The following week Chipmunk's third single Oopsy Daisy reached the top spot making it his first UK number one hit, and second hit inside the top 10. On 18 October Alexandra Burke's new song from her new album featuring Flo Rida 'Bad Boys' reached the number one spot. The final number one single of October was Cheryl Cole's debut solo single Fight For This Love which was the fastest selling single of the year.
November.
Robbie Williams and JLS battled for the No.1 spot in the UK Album Chart, but once it reached 15 November by a margin of less than 1% (around 2,000 copies), it was JLS & their self-titled debut album that reached the top, beating Robbies Reality Killed the Video Star. Their 2nd single, "Everybody In Love" also topped the chart for a week from 14 November. On 29 November, Susan Boyle has topped the UK album chart this week with her debut release "I Dreamed A Dream". Peter Kay's Animated All Star Band were up 17 places this week, topping the UK singles chart with The Official BBC Children In Need Medley. This was followed by last week's number one, The X Factor Finalists at number two with "You Are Not Alone". Having topped the download chart this week, Jason Derulo was a non mover at number three in the singles chart with "Whatcha Say". This was followed by The Black Eyed Peas at four with "Meet Me Halfway" and Lady Gaga up three places to number five with "Bad Romance". The highest new entry inside the top ten came from Rihanna, as her new single "Russian Roulette" came in at number six this week.
December.
The first week of the last month of the decade started with Peter Kay's Animated All Star Band remaining at number one for a second week, holding off Rihanna's "Russian Roulette" which climbed to number two. new entries in the top ten included Alicia Keys' "Doesn't Mean Anything" at number eight and Timbaland featuring SoShy and Nelly Furtado with "Morning After Dark" at number nine. Susan Boyle remained at the top of the album chart (where it has now been for three weeks). On 13 December, Lady Gaga's "Bad Romance" climbed to number one, therefore making chart history as Gaga now holds the title of most number one singles by a female artist in one year (tallying three). In the same week Kesha finally broke into the top five, and Timbaland climbed to number six. The Chart upset of the decade came in December, as the Christmas number one was achieved not by the X Factor winner, Joe McElderry but by 1990s rap metal band Rage Against the Machine. A Facebook group, set up to halt 'Simon Cowells stranglehold on the charts' by getting the 1992 'Killing in the Name' to the top of the charts, got 750,000 members and led Rage Against the Machine to the first download only Christmas number one, selling over 500,000 copies (50,000 ahead of Joe McElderry). In the final week of 2009, Joe McElderry made it to the number one spot knocking Rage Against The Machine off the top spot.
Best-selling albums of 2009.
Notes:
Total album sales.
Total sales for albums in 2009 amounted to 128,946,805 the lowest since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21447336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447336" title="Mudgegonga, Victoria">
Mudgegonga, Victoria

Mudgegonga is a locality in northeast Victoria, Australia. It is northeast of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Mudgegonga had a population of 384.
The localilty was affected by the Black Saturday bushfires, with two deaths in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="21447337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447337" title="2007 in British music">
2007 in British music

This is a summary of 2007 in music in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21447339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447339" title="Bendix Joachim Ebbell">
Bendix Joachim Ebbell

Bendix Joachim Ebbell (1869 – 1937) was a Norwegian author.
He was born in Christiania. He is known for his works of young-adult fiction; titles include "Vi på løkken" (1900), "Gutter som blev mænd" (1911), "Veien mot nord" (1925) and "De som drog ut" (1925). He also wrote the comedy "Menneskebørn" which was staged at the National Theatre in 1908.
He was married to Clara Thue Ebbell.

</doc>
<doc id="21447341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447341" title="2006 in British music">
2006 in British music

This is a summary of 2006 in music in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="21447351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447351" title="Jaipuria Institute of Management">
Jaipuria Institute of Management

Jaipuria Institute of Management, Lucknow, was established in 1995 followed by Jaipuria Institute of Management Noida in 2004, Jaipur in 2006 and Indore in 2010. All the campuses offer AICTE approved PGDM Programs with a total intake of 750 at all their campuses.
History.
Seth Anandram Jaipuria started the Seth Anandram Jaipuria College in Kolkata in 1945. It was inaugurated by Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru. They followed it up by opening Seth M.R.Jaipuria School, Lucknow in 1992. Seth M.R. Jaipuria was awarded the Padma Bhushan by Government of India in 1971 for his contribution to the society. Currently its chairman is Mr. Sharad Jaipuria.
Jaipuria Institute of Management is one of the premier group of B-Schools in the country. The first institute was set up in Lucknow in 1995 and within fifteen years, three other campuses have been set up in Jaipur, Noida and Indore. Jaipuria is an AICTE approved group of institutes and offers two-year full-time Postgraduate Diploma in Management (PGDM). 
With over 95 full-time eminent faculty members across the four campuses and around 55 visiting faculty members from top B-schools, Jaipuria today, is an alma matter to over 3,500 alumni, who are currently working in different sectors across various industries. The group of institutes has international collaborations with Universities of Applied Sciences, Finland (as a part of Finland Network for East and Southeast Asia) University of Illinois, United States (Technology Management Programme) and HEIG-VD, Switzerland (a member of University of Applied Sciences Western Switzerland (HES-SO) network), amongst others.
Academic Capital.
Jaipuria Institute of Management has a faculty strength of over 95 faculty members and over 55 visiting faculty members. They have student exchange programs with universities in USA, Finland, Switzerland, Thailand and Taiwan.
Dr. Pankaj Gupta is currently the Director General of Jaipuria Institute of Management.
Jaipuria Institute of Management, Lucknow.
It was established in 1995 and is situated in Gomtinagar area of Lucknow. Dr. Pankaj Gupta is currently the Director at Jaipuria Lucknow. It has been ranked 16th by industry and 28th in placements amongst India's private b-schools by Business World best b-school survey in 2011. Recently career360.com ranked Jaipuria Institute of Management as 5th best private b-school in north India and 34th best b-school in India by NHRDN and People Matters.
The programmes offered are approved by AICTE and recognized by Association of Indian Universities and equivalent to MBA.
Jaipuria Institute of Management, Noida.
It was established in 2004 and is situated in sector-62, Noida, Delhi NCR. Dr. Rajiv R Thakur is currently the Director at Jaipuria Noida. It has been rated A++ by Business India. Careers360 ranked Jaipuria Institute of Management Noida as 6th best private b-school in north India and 31st best b-school in India by NHRDN and Peoples Matter. 
Jaipuria, Jaipur.
A landmark in the emerging industrial and entrepreneurial hub in the country, Jaipuria, Jaipur was established in 2006. The institute is led by Dr.Prabhat Pankaj, and a pool of highly qualified, experienced full-time faculty, besides, a number of experienced visiting faculty from prominent industries. 
This institute offers two year full-time PGDM course with a dual specialization in two streams out of marketing, finance, human resource, operations and strategy. Innovative elective courses in Brand Marketing, Marketing Research, Project Finance, Analytical Models in Finance, Leadership and Change, Performance Management, e-commerce and others, equip the students with an edge over the other graduates.
Jaipuria, Jaipur has a sprawling campus in the pink city which is wi-fi enabled and offers comfortable hostels with the facilities of a library, computer labs, and other recreational areas. This institute has been ranked A+ by Business India, Best B School Survey and is ranked 5th in the Top 10 B-Schools of Rajasthan by CSR GHRDC Survey.
Jaipuria, Indore.
Established in 2010, Jaipuria, Indore is situated in the picturesque location in Indore. The campus is fully equipped having modern amenities to facilitate learning in a digital based business learning environment. Spearheaded by Dr. J. P. Upadhyay, the institute goes beyond conventional education methodologies where students are not merely learners but also contributors.
The curriculum and the unique teaching-learning processes ensure transformation of its students and empower them with capabilities to build innovative business models and formats. The integration of digital business management (DBM) to the traditional PGDM programme, makes Jaipuria, Indore, the only institute in South East Asia to offer such a programme. The institute is AICTE approved and offers a unique enterprise mentorship programme, CHISEL for hands on experience of the industry. Jaipuria, Indore also offers summer and winter immersion learning swil for experimental learning.
Rankings and Accreditation.
Jaipuria Institute of Management, one of the premier group of B-Schools in the country, has four state-of-the-art campuses in Lucknow, Noida, Jaipur and Indore. The group of institutes after an inspection by the NAAC team got accreditation for its Lucknow and Noida campuses as an ‘A’ grade institution. This is the highest ranking given by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC). 
Significantly, the NAAC is an autonomous entity under the University Grants Commission (UGC) and usually ranks the college on parameters like infrastructure,
qualitative aspects of research and education, teacher-taught ratio (TTR), students’ amenities and placements. Currently, the NAAC follows a grading model which is: Grade A (very good), B (good), C (threshold) and D (not accredited). Being awarded the highest ranking means that Jaipuria Institute of Management has fulfilled its goal of delivering and promoting the all-round development of its students.
Jaipuria, Lucknow is not only NAAC accredited but also ranks 27 th, by recruiters, amongst best private B School in India Business World, 2012. The institute ranks 5th in North India amongst best private B-schools. Jaipuria, Noida is also NAAC Accredited 'A' grade institute and is ranked 6th in North India amongst best private B School by Outlook Career 360 and A++ by Business India Best B School survey.
Jaipuria, Jaipur has been ranked A+ by Business India, Best B School Survey and is ranked 5th in the Top 10 B-Schools of Rajasthan by CSR GHRDC Survey.
Jaipuria, Indore offers the unique digital business management (DBM) to the traditional PGDM programme, making it the only institute in South East Asia to offer such a programme. The institute is AICTE approved and offers a unique enterprise mentorship programme, CHISEL for hands on experience of the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="21447377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447377" title="Jimmy Gardner">
Jimmy Gardner

Jimmy Gardner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21447380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447380" title="Khansar">
Khansar

Khansar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21447388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447388" title="Seagrove Bay">
Seagrove Bay

Seagrove Bay is a bay on the north east coast of the Isle of Wight, England. It lies to the east of the village of Seaview. It faces east towards Selsey Bill and its shoreline is 1 km in length. It stretches from Nettlestone Point in the north to Horestone Point in the south.
Roughly at the centre is a public slipway. To the south of the slipway is a curved concrete seawall protecting the shoreline, properties and boat houses. In addition there are four 30m groynes made of rock piles running out perpendicularly from the seawall into the bay. Each one has a post with a red can marking its seaward end. The beach between the groynes is predominantly sand but is completely covered at high water.
At the southernmost end of the bay is a wooden walkway which give access from the end of the seawall to Horestone Point and Priory Bay beyond even during the high tide. 
To the north of the slipway is a straight peeble beach. Further coastal protection measures are planned for this section if they can be justified environmentally and financially.
The sea bottom is sandy and gently shallowing. There are many shallow private mooring buoys out in the bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21447393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447393" title="Quality Chess">
Quality Chess

Quality Chess is a chess publishing company, founded in 2004 by International Master Ari Ziegler, Grandmaster Jacob Aagaard and Grandmaster John Shaw. The company is based in Glasgow.
The company focuses on quality of publications rather than quantity of books. In 2005, the book "Learn from the Legends: Chess Champions at Their Best" by Grandmaster Mihail Marin won the ChessCafe.com "Book of the Year" award. In 2007 "San Luis 2005: How Chess Found Its Champion" by Alik Gershon and Igor Nor won the English Chess Federation's "Book of the Year 2007" award. Aagaard's "Attacking Manual 1 & 2" won the 2010 English Chess Federation book of the year prize.

</doc>
<doc id="21447400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447400" title="Clara Thue Ebbell">
Clara Thue Ebbell

Clara Thue Ebbell (1880 – 1971) was a Norwegian author.
She was born in Grimstad. She is known for her works of young-adult fiction; titles include "Hun som skrev Onkel Toms hytte" (1916), "Da Mayflower drog" (1920), "Fire på egen hånd" (1935, 1959), "Maja" (1960) and "I ungdomsbyen med Henrik Ibsen" (1966). She also biographed Katharina von Bora (1917), Catherine Booth (1929) and Cathinka Guldberg (1940), and took part in feminist work.
She was married to Bendix Joachim Ebbell. She was eleven years his junior, and outlived him by 34 years.

</doc>
<doc id="21447401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447401" title="1996 BC Lions season">
1996 BC Lions season

The 1996 BC Lions finished in fifth place in the West Division with a 5–13 record and failed to make the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="21447405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447405" title="Toivo Mäkelä">
Toivo Mäkelä

Toivo Mäkelä (26 September 1909, Loviisa – 20 April 1979) was a Finnish film actor. He appeared in 54 films between 1951 and 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="21447407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447407" title="Santa Giusta Cathedral">
Santa Giusta Cathedral

Santa Giusta Cathedral, now a minor basilica () is the former cathedral of the abolished Diocese of Santa Giusta, in Santa Giusta, province of Oristano, Sardinia, Italy. The dedication is to Saint Justa of Cagliari who, according to the tradition, was martyred here at the time of the Roman emperor Diocletian, with her companions Saints Justina and Aenidina. Almost entirely built in sandstone, it is considered one of the most important examples of Sardinian Romanesque architecture.
History.
The cathedral was erected in the early 12th century by local and Pisan workers, the latter with experience from Pisa Cathedral. Some art historians have supposed that another church existed on the site previously, but this has not been definitely proven.
In the 16th-17th centuries the south wall was demolished to allow creation of two chapels. In 1503 the Diocese of Santa Giusta was abolished and annexed to that of Oristano. In 1847 a marble enclosure was built to encircle the presbytery, while a pulpit was added in 1876. In 1860 the former sail-shaped bell tower collapsed, and was replaced by a square bell tower in neo-Romanesque style, finished in 1906.
Overview.
The basilica has a façade in undecorated sandstone, with three bays corresponding to the interior's nave and two aisles. The central one has the main portal, surmounted by a triple mullioned window. The façade is topped by a tympanum also divided into three parts, the central one featuring a lozenge. Near the pilasters flanking the portal are two old columns, leading to the hypothesis that the church once had a portico or similar structure.
The side walls are divided into blind arches with Lombard bands, but have few decorations otherwise. More numerous are the features of the apse, with semi-columns supported by plinths and ending in leaf-shaped capitals, Lombard bands and six single-mullioned windows (the three lower ones lighting the church's crypt).
In the interior the aisles and the nave are divided by seven columns with arcades, made of material from ancient settlements of the area. The aisles are covered by groin vaults, while the nave has trusses. The columns in the crypt are original.

</doc>
<doc id="21447416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447416" title="Amber Neilson">
Amber Neilson

Amber Neilson (born 14 December 1984) is a retired Australian football (soccer) player.
Playing career.
Club career.
Neilson plaued for Newcastle Jets in the Australian W-League.
Neilson retired from football after the final game of the 2010-11 W-League season.
International career.
She played three matches at the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Canada. 
Neilson has also represented Australia at senior international level.

</doc>
<doc id="21447434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447434" title="Laisrén">
Laisrén

Laisrén may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21447440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447440" title="Vavuniya Airport">
Vavuniya Airport

Vavuniya Airport (, ) is an air force base and domestic airport in Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka. Located approximately south of the centre of Vavuniya, the airport is also known as SLAF Vavuniya. Originally built by the Royal Air Force during World War II, it was taken over by the Sri Lanka Air Force in 1978.
History.
During World War II the British Royal Air Force built an airfield in Vavuniya in northern Ceylon. A number of RAF squadrons (17, 22, 47, 60, 89, 132, 176, 217) and other units were stationed at the airfield during and immediately after the war. The airfield was also used by the Fleet Air Arm.
A Sri Lanka Air Force detachment moved onto the site on 1 August 1978. The airfield become one of the air force's air bases. The airport is part of a large military complex in Vavuniya that includes Security Forces Headquarters - Wanni.

</doc>
<doc id="21447443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447443" title="Emma Väänänen">
Emma Väänänen

Emma Väänänen (22 December 1907 – 20 February 1970) was a Finnish film actress. She appeared in 49 films between 1941 and 1969. She was a member of the jury at the 1st Moscow International Film Festival in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="21447450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447450" title="Ipil Airport">
Ipil Airport

Ipil Airport (Filipino: "Paliparan ng Ipil", Cebuano: "Tugpahanan sa Ipil", Chavacano and Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Ipil") is an airport serving the general area of Ipil, the capital of the province of Zamboanga Sibugay in the Philippines. It is the only airport in the province. The airport is classified as a community airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
Future expansion.
A ninety-million peso expansion project was launched by the Philippine government in February 2009 to upgrade and improve the airport's facilities. The project is divided into two stages, with the end result being a 1.2-kilometer runway with a taxiway, apron and terminal building, with the possibility of the runway being as long as two kilometers. Once complete, the airport will be able to support small passenger and cargo planes, while at the same time serving as a reliever airport for Zamboanga International Airport in Zamboanga City.

</doc>
<doc id="21447461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447461" title="Victoria Hall (Geneva)">
Victoria Hall (Geneva)

The Victoria Hall is a concert hall located in downtown Geneva, Switzerland.
It was built in 1891–1894 by the architect John Camoletti and financed by the consul of England, Daniel Fitzgerald Packenham Barton, who dedicated it to Queen Victoria and gave it to the city of Geneva.
Currently, the Victoria Hall is mostly used for classical music performances.

</doc>
<doc id="21447463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447463" title="Rabid (band)">
Rabid (band)

Rabid are a punk rock band from Leicester, England, initially active between 1979 and 1986. A new lineup of the band was reformed in 2013.
History.
Rabid formed in 1979, undergoing several line-up changes before settling on Nick Edwards (vocals), Dean Grant (bass), and Paul Rayner (guitar), and Keith Penny (drums). After recording a 5-track demo in 1981, they released their debut EP, "Bloody Road to Glory", on their own 'Blank Label' imprint. The EP was a hit in the UK Indie Chart after receiving airplay from John Peel in his BBC Radio 1 show, reaching number 47, and it also reached No. 14 in the NME Punk chart. After the EP's distributor, Fresh, went out of business, owing money to Fall Out Records, Fall Out reissued the EP later in 1982.
Rabid appeared on national British television in 1982 on "Newswatch U.K." and in a Canadian documentary on the youth of England. During 1983 they played on the same bill as bands such as G.B.H., The Exploited, and the U.K. Subs. Fall Out issued the band's next release, the 8-track "Bring Out Your Dead" 12-inch mini-LP, which reached number 45 in the indie chart in 1983, and No. 10 in the NME Punk Chart. By 1983, Rayner had been replaced. The final line-up of the band had Grant joined by Troy (vocals), Steve (guitar), and Max (drums), this line-up recording the tracks "Bloody Road to Glory" and "Black Cat", which were included in the "Punk Lives! - Let's Slam" compilation in 1986. A third track, "Destined to Decay" was recorded but not included. The band split up in 1986.
In 2006, Fall Out released a 12-track CD collection of the band's work, as "Bloody Road to Glory", adapting the artwork from the original EP.
Grant formed a new lineup of the band in 2013 with Grant himself on vocals, Steve Ward on bass guitar, Colin Bennett on guitar, and Gaz Johnson on drums. A new compilation, "Bloody History" was released in August 2013. A new 5 track CD is due to be released in December 2013.
Rabid have played numerous shows this year supporting GBH - 999 headlined @ the shed leicester & have headline date set up for 2014 @ the hairy dog derby & the musician Leicester -

</doc>
<doc id="21447465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447465" title="Rauni Luoma">
Rauni Luoma

Rauni Luoma (15 October 1911 – 12 January 1996) was a Finnish film actress. She appeared in 25 films between 1935 and 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21447473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447473" title="Kinangop Constituency">
Kinangop Constituency

Kinangop Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Nyandarua District. The constituency has five wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nyandarua County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
See the constituency website for more information:- www.kinangopconstituency.com
It is not to be confused with Kinango Constituency located in Kwale District.

</doc>
<doc id="21447475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447475" title="Hingurakgoda Airport">
Hingurakgoda Airport

SLAF Hingurakgoda is a Sri Lanka Air Force station located in Hingurakgoda, Sri Lanka. It is also the fourth largest airport in Sri Lanka and has the fourth longest runway in Sri Lanka.
History.
This base was an RAF airfield, RAF Minneriya during the World War II from 1942 to 1946, which was renovated and re-established by the Sri Lanka Air Force in 1978. 
Facilities.
SLAF Hingurakgoda is the fourth largest airport in Sri Lanka and has the fourth longest runway in Sri Lanka. The runway can easily accommodate narrow-body aircraft like Airbus A320 family, Boeing 737 and Boeing 757. It can also tightly handle wide-body aircraft like Airbus A300, Airbus A330, Boeing 767, Boeing 777 or even at emergencies a Boeing 747.
The airport's sole runway is not equipped with ILS (Instrument Landing System), thus all approaches and takeoffs are performed visually.
Airlines and destinations.
Mihin Lanka (planned)

</doc>
<doc id="21447483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447483" title="Elise Kellond-Knight">
Elise Kellond-Knight

Elise Kellond-Knight (born 10 August 1990) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Fortuna Hjørring in the Danish Elitedivisionen and the Australian national team.
At the annual Westfield W-League awards dinner in 2009, Kellond-Knight was jointly awarded the Young Player of the Year Award with Canberra United's Ellyse Perry.
Honours.
With Brisbane Roar:
After an outstanding performance at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany she made the tournament's All Star Team.

</doc>
<doc id="21447490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447490" title="Camillo Jerusalem">
Camillo Jerusalem

Camillo Jerusalem (3 April 1914-1 August 1979) was an Austrian football player.
He played for Austria Wien, Sochaux, Roubaix-Tourcoing, Colmar, Besançon and Servette.
He coached Grenchen.

</doc>
<doc id="21447494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447494" title="Aino-Maija Tikkanen">
Aino-Maija Tikkanen

Aino-Maija Tikkanen (2 November 1927 – 3 March 2014) was a Finnish film actress. She appeared in 15 films between 1954 and 2010. She died on 3 March 2014 from natural causes at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="21447510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447510" title="Impey River">
Impey River

The Impey River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia which rises south of Mount Murchison and flows east-north-east until it merges with the Murchison River of which it is a tributary.
The first European to discover the river was surveyor Robert Austin during an expedition in 1857. In 1858 the river was named by explorer Francis Gregory after the prominent geologist, Sir Roderick Impey Murchison.

</doc>
<doc id="21447515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447515" title="List of health care journals">
List of health care journals

This is a list of health care journals.

</doc>
<doc id="21447523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447523" title="Karla Reuter">
Karla Reuter

Karla Reuter (born 14 June 1984) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Queensland Roar in the Australian W-League.
Honours.
With Brisbane Roar:

</doc>
<doc id="21447531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447531" title="Rauni Ikäheimo">
Rauni Ikäheimo

Rauni Ikäheimo (21 July 1924 – 28 July 1997) was a Finnish film actress. She appeared in twelve films between 1951 and 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21447534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447534" title="Kate McShea">
Kate McShea

Kate McShea (born 13 April 1983) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Queensland Roar in the Australian W-League.
Honours.
With Brisbane Roar:

</doc>
<doc id="21447536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447536" title="Ndaragwa Constituency">
Ndaragwa Constituency

Ndaragwa Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Nyandarua District. The constituency has four wards, all of which elect councillors for the Nyandarua County Council. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
Members of Parliament.
Francis Waweru Nderitu 2013/2018

</doc>
<doc id="21447552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447552" title="EON Bank">
EON Bank

EON Capital Berhad is a company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia (formerly known as the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange or Oriental Bank) on 23 December 2002. It is the holding company of EON Bank Group. It is now part of Hong Leong Bank Group.
EON Bank Berhad is a licensed banking and finance company operating under the regulations of Bank Negara Malaysia under the provisions of the Banking and Financial Institutions Act, 1989. EON Bank is principally engaged in the provision of a comprehensive range of both conventional and Islamic banking services and products.
Branches transformation.
The bank has adopted the fruit symbol as a part of its Project Quantum Leap (PQL) initiated in the last quarter of 2007. A total of RM 180 million has been allocated over three years of the PQL to refurbish its branches. The fruit concept is aimed to symbolise the refreshing change of the branches for better banking experience of its customers. The fruit symbol also signifies financial health. The introduction of the fruit theme is accompanied by branches transformation including allocating 70% of the bank to customer space, new ATMs at the bank, improvements of risk management practices, and a complete redesign of the bank’s layout.

</doc>
<doc id="21447563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447563" title="Faustina (1957 film)">
Faustina (1957 film)

Faustina is a 1957 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21447576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447576" title="Pontsticill Reservoir">
Pontsticill Reservoir

Pontsticill Reservoir or Taf Fechan Reservoir is a large reservoir on the Taf Fechan lying partly in the county of Powys and partly within the county borough of Merthyr Tydfil in south Wales. It lies within the Brecon Beacons National Park and Fforest Fawr Geopark.
The 110 ft high embankment has, since its completion in 1927, been holding back 3400 million gallons of water for supply to industry and population to the south. The modern reservoir incorporates the earlier Pentwyn Reservoir (sometimes referred to as Dol-y-gaer Reservoir or Lake) which suffered major water losses after completion due to the presence of major fractures in the bedrock beneath its dam relating to the Neath Disturbance, a major geological fault which runs northeast to southwest through the area.
The reservoir is popular with sailors, anglers and picnickers. The Taff Trail has been developed for walkers and cyclists and runs through the woods on the western side of the Reservoir. Merthyr Tydfil sailing club is based on the eastern bank and the Brecon Mountain Railway which runs up its eastern side from Pant Station to Dolygaer with plans to extend its run to Torpantau. This steam railway runs on the route of the former Brecon and Merthyr Railway.
Most of the banks of the reservoir have been heavily afforested by Welsh Water though management of these woods is undertaken by the Forestry Commission on behalf of the company.
Part of the 2011 film "Submarine" was filmed on the reservoir walkway.

</doc>
<doc id="21447581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447581" title="Choir of Chichester Cathedral">
Choir of Chichester Cathedral

The musical foundation of Chichester Cathedral consists of the Organist and Master of the Choristers, the Assistant Organist and the organ scholar; together with six singing men (called lay vicars), eighteen choristers, six probationers - and including a head chorister and a senior chorister (deputy head) who both wear a notable medallion on a red ribbon according to their office held. The choristers and probationers are all boarders at the Prebendal School, the cathedral's choir school. The lay vicars are professional singers who all have everyday jobs.
During school term, the cathedral has eight sung services a week. As well as singing, choristers learn the piano and an orchestral instrument, spending at least eighteen hours a week on musical performance.
Appearances.
Evensong is sung by the choir every day, with the exception of Wednesday. Additionally, on Sunday, Mattins and Eucharist are sung in the morning. 
Each year, the choir appears at the Chichester Festival Theatre at Christmas where they sing Christmas concerts alongside local school choirs, including the Bishop Luffa School Choir, and are accompanied by the Band of HM Royal Marines, Portsmouth. They sing a variety of carols and are directed by the organist and master of the choristers. They have been considered the highlight of the show for years. The choristers return to the Prebendal School in the interval and Close Company perform.
The choir sing at the Chichester Festivities each year in a concert called "Chichester Cathedral Choir By Candelight". The programme normally consists of music by composers who are being commemorated that year. As tradition follows, the choir leave the stage and exit the cathedral, carrying candles and singing a hymn, "The Day thou Gavest Lord is Ended". It is one of the festival’s perennial favourites. In the concert, there are also solo items played by the Assistant Organist and organ scholar. The ensemble accompanying the choir also performs its own piece.
They also participate in the Southern Cathedrals Festival with the choirs of Winchester and Salisbury. They have taken part in this annual festival since it was first established in 1904. The choir stays at the hosting cathedral's choir school. The choir perform concerts, sing Evensong and participate in masterclasses.
The choir has appeared with many different artists including Petula Clark, Richard Stilgoe, the King’s Singers, the Cambridge Buskers, the Philip Jones Brass Ensemble and Cantabile. Television appearances have included Placido’ Domingo’s Christmas Choice and Rumpole of the Bailey. 
In 2009 their recording of Christmas music won the "Critics Christmas Choice of the Year" award in both Gramophone Magazine and BBC Music Magazine.
Tours.
Each year, the choir visits churches in the diocese and sing Evensong. They also frequently tour other countries with links to Chichester Cathedral.
Choir tours since 1998 include:
Recordings.
Recordings since 1976 include:
Close Company.
Close Company is the name used by the Lay Vicars of Chichester Cathedral when they sing the men's voices barbershop repertory made popular in the United Kingdom by the King's Singers. As well as being professional singers, most of them work everyday jobs. Every evening they are back in the cathedral with the choristers for Evensong at 5.30 pm. The Lay Vicar who has been in the Cathedral Choir for the longest is given the title of Senior Lay Vicar.
Their duties with the Cathedral Choir also include singing concerts and making concerts in the UK and abroad, but they are perhaps best known for their performances at the annual Christmas Carols, having been part of that tradition since 1993 when they first stepped out in their white jackets.
Throughout the rest of the year, Close Company performs in a variety of venues and recent performances include an evening at the Alexandra Theatre, Bognor Regis, the Assembly Rooms in North Street, St John's College, West Dean College and the Tudor house of St Mary's House, Bramber. On the choir's 2005 tour of South Africa, Close Company had the honour of performing for Archbishop Desmond Tutu.

</doc>
<doc id="21447591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447591" title="Tynron">
Tynron

Tynron is a village and civil parish in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland, lying in a hollow of the Shinnel Water, from Moniaive. 
Tynron Doon.
At Tynron Doon there can be seen the ditches and ramparts of a Roman Iron Age hillfort. 
For detailed information see "Tynron Glen" by John Shaw, available in Dumfries Ewart Library, a new version on tynronglenshaw.com. 

</doc>
<doc id="21447593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447593" title="Adjusted current yield">
Adjusted current yield

The adjusted current yield is a financial term used in reference to bonds and other fixed-interest securities. It is closely related to the concept of current yield.
The adjusted current yield is given by the current yield with addition of 
formula_1
Here "clean price" is the clean price of the bond (i.e. present value of the bond with accrued interest subtracted).
Formula for adjusted current yield.
In total the "adjusted current yield" is given by
formula_2

</doc>
<doc id="21447594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447594" title="1995 BC Lions season">
1995 BC Lions season

The 1995 BC Lions finished in third place in the North Division with a 10–8 record. They appeared in the North Semi-Final but were defeated by the Edmonton Eskimos, denying the team a chance to defend their Grey Cup title.

</doc>
<doc id="21447598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447598" title="Ciné Fx">
Ciné Fx

Ciné FX is a French television channel, owned by AB Groupe.
The channel was originally only available via AB Sat and as an option on CanalSat, but is now available through contract on the cinema option from AB, on cable, on ADSL, and on digital television packages.
At its start, in 1996, the cinema package of the AB group comprised five channels, but none which dealt with science-fiction films. When the cinema package was reformatted on 15 September 2002, the channel created three others: Ciné Comic, Ciné Polar and Ciné Box to replace the former CINEBOX. Today, the package is named CINERAMA and comprises this channel, as well as Ciné Polar, Ciné First and Ciné Pop.
The programming comprises science fiction films from the 1950s to today, covering every sub-genre, including programming the classics, "Forbidden Planet", the films of Roger Corman, the studio Troma and films such as "".

</doc>
<doc id="21447599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447599" title="Novinite">
Novinite

Novinite is a Bulgarian English-language news provider based in Sofia. "Novinite" () means "The News" in Bulgarian. It is also sometimes referred to as SNA by its forum users.
Through its website novinite.com/sofianewsagency.com and its "Breaking News" newsletter, Novinite.com provides coverage of events and developments in Bulgaria and around the world.
Novinite publishes "Sofia Morning News", an online daily newspaper with paid subscription, and "The Sofia Weekly", a free online weekly newspaper which comes out every Saturday.
Its website includes a forum, a free archive with more than 101,000 articles, a search engine, and news alerts.
Novinite is part of One Click Media Group.
History.
Novinite was founded in 2001 by the Bulgarian journalist, businessman, and public relations expert, Maxim Behar. It was formally launched on March 11, 2001.
In addition to the website, Novinite's first online daily newspaper, "Sofia Morning News" (called "Bulgarian Breaking News" at the 
time), was launched on June 1, 2001.
Coverage.
The editorial team of Novinite provides news coverage in English of every aspect of contemporary Bulgaria including business and economy, politics, sports, society, culture, and lifestyle. Novinite features headlines covering the major world events and developments.
Novinite uses American English.
Readership.
Novinite's readers include foreign businessmen and managers of multinational corporations doing or planning to do business in Bulgaria, diplomats in foreign embassies in Sofia and from all over the world, foreign citizens living in Bulgaria, foreign tourists, members of the Bulgarian immigrant communities around the world, and Bulgaria lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="21447617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447617" title="Ol Kalou Constituency">
Ol Kalou Constituency

Ol Kalou Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Nyandarua District. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21447629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447629" title="Hatton Promotions">
Hatton Promotions

Hatton Promotions is a promotional company headed by former two-weight world champion Ricky Hatton with Richard Poxon as Director of Boxing. 
Starting up.
On 4 February 2009, Hatton Promotions was officially launched at a press conference in which Ricky Hatton's fight with Manny Pacquiao was also announced. 
The company is based at a former printers in Hyde, Manchester and comprises a state of the art fitness suite, a large boxing gym with two full size rings and offices. 
In July 2009 having staged only four boxing events Hatton Promotions signed a deal with Sky to broadcast eight shows. Hatton said at the time: "Sky have been fantastic to us in handing us eight dates so early and we want to pay them back for their support by improving in everything we do".
Notable boxers.
Hatton promotions have had a large roster of boxers on their books, many of which are champions. These include;
welterweight and light-middlweight.

</doc>
<doc id="21447635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447635" title="Basilica di Santa Giulia">
Basilica di Santa Giulia

The Basilica di Santa Giulia is a medieval former church in Bonate Sotto, Lombardy, northern Italy. Built in the early 12th century, only its apse area remain today in a short plain outside the town.
History.
According to local tradition, it would have been founded by St. Julia of Corsica herself, or by the Lombard queen Theodelinda. It is mentioned in a letter from 1129 by Pope Honorius II as "... the church in Lesina which has not been consecrated yet". An abbey had its centre here, being abandoned together with the church around the 14th century.
Overview.
The church had a basilica plan, with a nave and two aisles with three apses; the interior was divided into five bays, of which only the last one preceding the apse area survives. The area without the ceiling is now home to a cemetery. The central apse was frescoed in 1795 by the Swiss painters Baldassarre and Vincenzo Angelo Orelli. 
Notable are the sculpted capitals, with geometrical, animal or human figures, while the residual exterior decoration include small columns and Lombard bands.

</doc>
<doc id="21447645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447645" title="Old Colony Housing Project">
Old Colony Housing Project

The Old Colony Housing Project is a 16.7-acre public housing project located in South Boston, Massachusetts. First built in 1940 as a cluster of 22 three-story brick buildings housing 873 low-income units, it is one of the Boston Housing Authority's oldest developments. 
Location.
Old Colony is roughly a triangle, bordered by East 8th Street, Dorchester Street, Old Colony Avenue and Columbia Road. It adjoins a traffic circle to the southwest, and Babe Ruth Park, a youth park with baseball fields, to the south.
Across the street from Old Colony, on the rotary to the southwest, is where James "Whitey" Bulger and associates Buddy Francis and Kevin Weeks owned a liquor store and where Bulger headquartered his organized crime ring. He grew up in the nearby Mary Ellen McCormack housing project, renamed the Old Harbor housing project. Buddy Francis was later murdered by Stephen "The Rifleman" Flemmi and John Martorano, on the orders of Bulger. The liquor store, formerly South Boston Liquor Mart, is now Kippy's Wine and Spirits.
Prominent residents.
This project is where author Michael Patrick MacDonald grew up. He chronicled his Old Colony experiences in his memoir "All Souls: A Family Story From Southie". Other former Old Colony dwellers included U.S. Representative Stephen F. Lynch and the late Boston City Councilor Joseph M. Tierney, father of actress Maura Tierney of "ER" and "NewsRadio" fame. 
Redevelopment.
Old Colony is currently in the middle of a three-phase redevelopment that is moving most of its tenants from the original large multi-family complexes to mixed housing in newly constructed townhouse rows and apartment buildings that will replace the 1940s structures, in keeping with the modern US philosophy for low-income housing. Phase I, which replaced rows of brick buildings containing 164 units with 116 new affordable townhouse units along Old Colony Avenue and Columbia Road, commenced in late 2010 and was finished in March 2012. Phase II, which was partially financed by a $22 million HOPE VI Revitalization grant from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development, is under construction, targeted for completion by winter 2014. Phase III, which will add 364-464 housing units, does not yet have the funding it needs to proceed.

</doc>
<doc id="21447647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447647" title="Cindy Jefferies">
Cindy Jefferies

UK children's writer with sixteen books in print. She is best known for her series "Fame School" (Usborne Publishing) about a group of children who are singing, playing and dancing their way to success in the music industry. This very English approach to the subject found a wide and enthusiastic audience, and has so far (2010) been translated into 15 languages. She also contributes to titles published for charity, including "Lines in the Sand" (2003, edited by Mary Hoffman) – a response to the allied invasion of Iraq, with all funds raised donated to UNICEF in Iraq. 
Her first book, "Sebastian's Quest", was a fantasy based on the ancient stone circle at Avebury in Wiltshire. It was published in 2000 by the discoverer of J. K. Rowling, Barry Cunningham. 
She has also collaborated with her son Sebastian Goffe on the series "Stadium School" for A & C Black. The four books in this series follow the exploits of Roddy Jones, a young, aspiring footballer, who wins a place at a specialist, football school. The series was chosen by the National Literacy Trust in 2009 for their Reading the Game initiative.
Cindy Jefferies was born in 1951 in Cirencester, Gloucestershire, and after some years in Scotland she returned to the county, where she still lives and continues to write for children. 
She is a member of The Society of Authors, the Scattered Authors Society, the Federation of Children's Book Groups, and is a life member of the Friends of the Cheltenham Festival of Literature. She is agented by Patricia White of Rogers Coleridge and White.

</doc>
<doc id="21447654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447654" title="Carl-Friedrich Mohr">
Carl-Friedrich Mohr

Carl-Friedrich Mohr (10 May 1907 – 29 January 1984) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his role leading the Granville Raid.

</doc>
<doc id="21447662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447662" title="Mildred Persinger">
Mildred Persinger

Mildred Emory Persinger (born in Roanoke, Virginia, April 28, 1918) is an American feminist and international activist for non-governmental organizations (NGO). In the early 1960s Persinger served as a public member on the U.S. Presidential Commission on the Status of Women, and on the Committee Against Discrimination of the
American Civil Liberties Union. From 1969 to 1972 Persinger was chairwoman of the Conference of the US Conference of NGOs. Persinger was the United States' World YWCA observer at the United Nations from 1968 to the present. Persinger chaired the planning and management of the 1975 NGO Forum parallel to the first UN World Women's Conference in Mexico City, the first of the series ending with Beijing 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21447663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447663" title="1992 Maceió Open – Doubles">
1992 Maceió Open – Doubles

Gabriel Markus and John Sobel won in the final 6–4, 1–6, 7–5 against Ricardo Acioly and Mauro Menezes.
Seeds.
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="21447665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447665" title="Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill">
Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill

Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill (; born 1955) is an Irish traditional singer from Kells, County Meath. Known for her work with the short-lived, but very highly regarded Skara Brae and her collaborations with sister Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill, as well as other traditional musicians. Most recently she has recorded and performed with the West Ocean String Quartet (WOSQ).
Maighread is also, along with her sister Tríona, Moya Brennan, and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh, part of a new Celtic supergroup T with the Maggies, who have released a new CD as of October 2010.
Background.
Maighread was brought up in Kells, County Meath. (In the 1930s some Irish-speaking families were relocated to Meath as part of a government scheme to create a new Gaeltacht area near Dublin). Her father's family were native Irish-speakers from Ranafast, County Donegal and Maighread was therefore brought up speaking the language, along with her sister Tríona and brothers Éamonn, Mícheál and Conall.
Maighread comes from one of Ireland's best-known musical families. Her father was a well-known song collector and songwriter and her aunt, Néillí Ní Dhomhnaill, was a collector of traditional songs.
Musical career.
Maighread first came to prominence as a member of the group Skara Brae. The other members of the group were Mícheál Ó Domhnaill (her brother), Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill (her sister) and Derry's Dáithí Sproule. The only recording that the group made still remains a classic. " They were the first traditional songs done to guitars - it was the first time the pop music thing was brought to the Irish language. It would be lovely if people knew where it all started. I pressurised Gael Linn to reissue the album. I was on a mission."
The songs on her solo albums are mostly sung in Irish. Mícheál and Triona accompanied her on the albums "No Dowry", and on 'Idir an da Sholas'.
Her 1976 debut album was issued under the name "Mairéad Ní Dhomhnaill", but since then she has reverted to the original spelling of her first name to "Maighread". She has also previously used the spelling "Maighréad", but has since removed the accented "e".
Personal life.
Maighread studied nursing and raised a family, giving up music for a while Maighréad was looking after her two children in Dublin, and working part-time on nights as a theatre nurse in Mount Carmel hospital in Dublin: "I loved theatre," she says, with passion.
Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill is married to Cathal Goan, former Director-General of Raidió Teilifís Éireann.
Discography.
Solo albums

</doc>
<doc id="21447671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447671" title="French Polynesian presidential election, February 2009">
French Polynesian presidential election, February 2009

An indirect presidential election was held in French Polynesia on 11 February 2009, after defections from the ruling pro-autonomy faction and a scheduled constructive vote of no confidence planned for 12 February 2009 caused the incumbent Gaston Tong Sang to step down on 7 February 2009.
This presidential election was the third in less than a year since the 2008 general election, which had been called by France to promote political stability. In total, there have been seven changes of government in French Polynesia since the 2004 general election.
The President is chosen by members of the Assembly.
Election background.
Six of the members of President Gaston Tong Sang's governing coalition had quit in the months proceeding the 2009 presidential election, leaving his government open to potential challengers. In January 2009, Tong Sang had opened negotiations with Oscar Temaru to try to create a union government and set the stage for new elections. The negotiations failed to produce any tangible results, and were deemed as a failure.
President Tong Sang announced on 7 February 2009, that he would step down ahead of a proposed censure motion against his government by a coalition of pro-separatist parties led by Temaru. Tong Sang's resignation, which he described as "immediate" was widely expected in the French Polynesian media, which characterized the move as a "strategy of resignation".
The censure motion proposal against the Tong Sang government was supported by the Union for Democracy (UPLD), Tahoera'a Huiraatira, and Rautahi political parties. Together these parties put Temaru forward as their candidate for president as part of the no confidence measure. Supporters of the censure motion claimed that they could guarantee the support of 31 of the 57 members in the Assembly.
Following his announcement of his intent to resign, Tong Sang immediately left Tahiti for Bora Bora, where he also serves as the mayor.
Temaru, who also served as the President of the Assembly at the time, accepted Tong Sang's resignation, paving the way for a new presidential election.
Election.
Oscar Temaru appeared likely to be elected President, but shortly before the election, there were reports that the accord between Temaru, Gaston Flosse and Jean Christophe Bouissou had broken up again, calling into question Temaru's chances.
Four candidates were nominated:
First round.
In the first round of voting in the morning, Temaru received 24 votes, Tong Sang 20, Fritch 12 and Levy Agami one. The first round thus proved inconclusive, leading to a second round in the afternoon.
Second round.
The second round of the election was held later on the afternoon of February 11, 2009. Temaru and Tong Sang advanced from the morning's first round. The Assembly elected Oscar Temaru as the next President during the second round. Temaru won 37 votes in the Assembly, which was 17 more votes than outgoing former President Tong Sang's 20. Temaru was elected thanks to support from the Tahoera'a Huiraatira party. The Tahoera'a Huiraatira candidate, Edouard Fritch, was defeated in the first round, and later support to Temaru. Temaru became President of French Polynesia for the fourth time in less than five years.
The coalition which allowed Temaru to return to power consisted of Temaru's Union for Democracy, Flosse's and Fritch's Tahoeraa Huiraatira and Bouissou's Rautahi party.
In his nomination speech to the Assembly, Temaru described the current tourism situation in French Polynesia as "catastrophic". Temaru noted that hotel occupancy rates in Bora Bora and Moorea are currently less than 20% on certain days due to the world financial crisis. He explained that the huge drop in foreign visitors may cause the government to cut the work hours of government employees, lay off workers or close state-owned hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="21447682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447682" title="Grennan Hill">
Grennan Hill

Grennan Hill is the site of an Iron Age hill fort outside Penpont in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="21447686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447686" title="Old Harbor Housing Project">
Old Harbor Housing Project

The Old Harbor Housing Project, formally known as the Mary Ellen McCormack Project, is a housing project opposite Carson Beach in South Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
Built in the 1930s, and opened on May 1, 1938, the Old Harbor Village was the first public housing development in New England and it remains one of the largest. It comprises more than 1,000 apartments in 22 three-story buildings and 152 row houses. The complex was renamed after the mother of John W. McCormack, former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, who championed housing and human rights.
The Project is best known for being the housing project where Jim "Whitey" Bulger grew up, and a neighborhood "where court-ordered desegregation of schools through busing led to hostility and violence in the 1970s".

</doc>
<doc id="21447693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447693" title="Gotoma the Buddha">
Gotoma the Buddha

Gotoma the Buddha is a 1956 Indian documentary film directed by Rajbans Khanna. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival, where it won a Special Mention for Best Director and was nominated for the Golden Palm (Best Film).

</doc>
<doc id="21447694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447694" title="List of companies of Azerbaijan">
List of companies of Azerbaijan

This is a list of notable companies based in Azerbaijan, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector.

</doc>
<doc id="21447715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447715" title="Concert à quatre">
Concert à quatre

Concert à quatre ("Quadruple concerto") is one of the final works of the French composer Olivier Messiaen. It is written for four solo instruments (piano, cello, flute, oboe) and orchestra.
Composition.
Messiaen first considered writing an oboe concerto for Heinz Holliger then a piece for oboe, cello, piano, harp and orchestra on the subject of Grace.
In its final form (oboe, cello, piano, flute and orchestra), "Concert à quatre" was conceived in 1990 and begun in the summer of 1991. Messiaen worked on it steadily until December of that year. He originally intended the piece to have five movements but at the beginning of 1992, his decline in health slowed the piece's progress and ultimately prevented him from completing it before his death.
As it stands, the work is in four movements, in which Messiaen draws inspiration from Mozart, Scarlatti and Rameau as well as from his usual birdsong transcriptions. His notes also mention Dutilleux and the orchestration of Ravel's "Gaspard de la Nuit" by Constant.
Of the completed movements, Messiaen's widow, Yvonne Loriod, in conjunction with the composers George Benjamin and Heinz Holliger, orchestrated the second half of the first movement and the whole of the fourth. Messiaen described the latter in the draft score as "completely reviewed - "good" in terms of sonority, length and dynamics". Furthermore, Messiaen had intended to include a free meter sequence based on various birdsongs. To write it, Loriod used similar sketches discarded from his opera Saint François d'Assise and included them in that last movement. She also added a chorus of bells from the same source.
Messiaen had intended the fifth movement to be a fugue but as he had not even sketched it, it could not be completed and was thus left out of the final version.
It was written for five musicians he felt particularly grateful to: the pianist Yvonne Loriod (his wife), the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, the oboist Heinz Holliger and the flautist Catherine Cantin as well as the conductor Myung-Whun Chung.
The score was published by Editions Leduc in 2003.
Music.
The first movement ("Entrée") is bipartite and juxtaposes several musical ideas: a theme inspired by Susanna's aria "Venite inginocchiatevi" in Act 2 of Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro", birdsong transcriptions (Garden Warbler as well as birds of New Zealand like the Blue-Wattled Crow, the Bush Canary and the Kakapo), a call and response of short melodic cells, a section for wind machine, strings and cymbal and two conclusive chords. That sequence is then repeated and amplified in the second part.
The second movement is an orchestral transcription of Messiaen's own "Vocalise" of 1935. This transcription was written first and was the impetus for the whole work.
The third movement, as its title suggests ("Cadenza"), focuses almost exclusively on the four soloists. It features the Lyrebird (cello), the Musician Wren (flute) and the Garden Warbler in dialogue with the Natal Robin on pitched percussion.
The final completed movement, titled "Rondeau", is the longest and most complex. An energetic refrain is followed by a verse which features a wide range of birds including the Bell Bird, the Golden Oriole, the Capercaillie and the Black-Throated Diver amongst many others. That refrain-verse sequence is presented twice. After that comes a free meter section, then a chorus of bells before the refrain is stated one last time. The piece ends on an A Major chord, a key that Messiaen associated with joy.
Premiere.
"Concert à Quatre" was premiered by the dedicatees with the Orchestre de l'Opéra Bastille in Paris on 26 September 1994. The same forces recorded the work for CD the following day.

</doc>
<doc id="21447726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447726" title="D Street Projects">
D Street Projects

The D Street projects, built in 1949 as the West Broadway Housing Development, are a housing project located in South Boston, Massachusetts. The D Street projects stretch 4 city blocks from West Broadway to West Seventh street and 3 city blocks from B street to D street, forming a perfect square.
The land for the West Broadway Housing Development was cleared in 1941, and the project opened in 1949 with 972 units intended for white veteran families. It was the first state development under Chapter 200 of the Massachusetts legislature's Acts and Resolves of 1948 to open and the only one built on a slum-clearance site, having originally been planned as a privately financed project in 1934.
It was one of the Boston projects which remained predominantly white well into the 1990s, despite a largely non-white waiting list for public housing. By the early 1980s, it was one of the most troubled projects in the city, and when Lewis "Harry" Spence was appointed receiver of the Boston Housing Authority, was chosen as one of the three demonstration projects for renovations. The plan, which won urban design awards, involved breaking up the 27-acre development into seven "villages" containing 675 apartments, reintroducing the street grid and replacing the original landscaping with courtyard spaces, and transforming the architecture by adding design elements such as pitched roofs, at a total estimated cost of over $60 million. Although the project is in a rough neighborhood, South Boston was rapidly gentrifying, and in 2000 the remaining quarter of the housing was instead turned over to redevelopment for mixed-income housing and businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="21447727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447727" title="Budalangi Constituency">
Budalangi Constituency

Budalangi Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Busia District. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21447732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447732" title="Belgorod Kievsky">
Belgorod Kievsky

Bilhorod Kyivsky (; , "Belgorod Kievsky") was a city-castle of Kievan Rus' on the right bank of Irpin River. The city was quite prominent in the 10th-12th centuries but ceased to exist after 1240 destruction of Kiev by the Mongols. Currently there is a small village of Bilohorodka, Kiev Oblast near the location of the defunct city. 
The city is first mentioned in chronicles in 980. In 991 Vladimir I of Kiev built there his castle. According to the chronicle Bilhorod was the favourite residence of Vladimir I who moved there a lot of his people including his three hundred concubines. The right bank of the Irpin River was the land of Drevlyans who resisted Kievan Princes, thus, establishing of the castle might be intended to consolidate the power of Kiev over the drevlians. The castle also protected Kiev from the nomads of the Great Steppe.
In 997 the new castle survived the long siege by the Pechenegs and protected Kiev from Pecheneg conquest. According to the Primary Chronicle there was a famine in the city during the siege and the residents assembled a veche or assembly to decide whether they should surrender to pechenegs. Veche decided to continue the defence of the city that eventually led to the victory. It was the first mention of veche in Russian chronicles. Later veche became the main form of government in Novgorod Republic and other states in the Northern Rus.
In the 11th century the city became a bishop seat. Belgorod bishop was first mentioned in Primary Chronicle in 1088. In the 12th century the city plays the same role as earlier Pereyaslav and Novgorod: it became the seat of the heir of the Grand Duke of Kiev. Since Belgorod was very close to Kiev the Grand Duke could control his heir and the heir could move to Kiev on a very short notice if required. The tradition started with Vladimir II Monomakh who transferred there his son Mstyslav in 1117. Mstyslav became the Grand Duke of Kiev is 1125. In 1140 the city was taken by Vsevolod II of Kiev who gave it to his brother, Sviatoslav Olgovich. In 1146 Bilhorod was taken by Iziaslav II of Kiev who became the Grand Duke of Kiev in 1151. In 1159 Bilhorod became the seat of Mstislav II of Kiev who became the Grand Duke of Kiev in 1167. 
The most prosperity the city achieved under Rurik Rostislavich, the ruler of Kievan Rus, who made the city his capital. In 13th century after the Mongol invasion of Rus' Bilhorod degraded and after destruction of Kiev in 1240 Bilhorod ceased to exist. There is still a small village Bilohorodka near the ruins of the city that keeps its name. 
The ruins of the city (the Horodyshche) is a place of important archaeological excavation. Most of it is not excavated yet. The area of Horodyshche is 110 hectares. According to historian A. Chlenov the place is particularly important as it is: 1) The only drevlian fortress surviving almost intact (with its walls, etc.); 2) The only fortress of 10th century Rus of such preservation; 3) The biggest survived fortress of that epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="21447744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447744" title="Bloody Spear at Mount Fuji">
Bloody Spear at Mount Fuji

It is a "gruelling cruel tale" from the Edo period.
Daisuke Katō won the 1956 Blue Ribbon Award for best supporting actor.
Plot.
The samurai Sakawa Kojūrō is on the road to Edo with his two servants Genta and Genpachi. Kojūrō is a kindly master, but his character totally changes when he consumes alcohol. On the road, they encounter many different people: a traveling singer with her child, a father taking his daughter Otane to be sold into prostitution, a pilgrim, a policeman searching for a notorious thief, and Tōzaburō, the suspicious man the officer has his eyes on. Genpachi, the spear carrier, is also followed by an orphaned boy named Jirō who wants to be a samurai. When Kojūrō and Genpachi inadvertently capture the thief—who was the pilgrim in disguise—Kojūrō is disgusted when the authorities praise him and not his servant, even though Genpachi probably contributed more. He is also upset that he does not have the money to save Otane from being sold. In the end it is Tōzaburō who saves Otane, using the money he saved to rescue his own daughter, but decided to use for Otane after finding out his daughter had died. Depressed, Kojūrō takes Genta out drinking, despite the protests of the latter. When a band of boisterous samurai complain of Kojūrō drinking with someone of lower birth, Kojūrō gets upset. The samurai pull their swords and kill both the servant and his master. Genpachi arrives too late, but in a fury kills all the samurai with the spear. Authorities do not charge him with a crime, so he heads home carrying the ashes of Kojūrō and Genta. When Jirō tries to follow him, he shoos him off, telling him never to become a samurai.

</doc>
<doc id="21447748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447748" title="Design-based research">
Design-based research

Design-based research (DBR) is a type of research methodology commonly used by researchers in the learning sciences. Within design-based research methodology, interventions are conceptualized and then implemented iteratively in natural settings in order to test the ecological validity of dominant theory and to generate new theories and frameworks for conceptualizing learning, instruction, design processes, and educational reform. Data analysis often takes the form of retrospective, cross-iteration comparisons.
Role of design-based research within the learning sciences.
Methodologically, the learning sciences is distinguished from other fields that study learning in humans in its methodological treatment of the subjects of its study, learners, their localities, and their communities. The design-based research methodology is often employed by learning scientists in their inquiries because this methodological framework considers the subject of study to be a complex system involving emergent properties that arise from the interaction of more variables than are initially known to researchers, including variables stemming from the researchers themselves (Brown, 1992). As such rather than attempting to isolate all the various factors that impact learning as in traditional research, the learning sciences employ design based research methodologies which appeal to an approach to the study of learning – in particular human learning both inside and outside of school – that embraces the complex system nature of learning systems. Learning scientists often look at the interactions amongst variables as key components to study yet, acknowledge that within learning environments the interactions are often too complex to study all or completely understand. This stance has been validated by the findings of Cronbach and Snow (1977) which suggest that Aptitude-Treatment Interactions, where variables are isolated in effort to determine what factors “most” influence learning, will not be informative but rather inaccurate and potentially misleading if used as a ground for educational decisions or educational research of complex learning situations such as those characteristic of human beings in their lived experiences.
History and controversy.
Design-based research methodologies are often viewed as "non-scientific" by circles in the post-positivist learning research tradition due to the ongoing changes and interactions that are made by researchers who neither do purely empirical observational ethnographic research or purely empirical experimental research in which "fixed and isolated variables" will be measured and not tinkered with mid-experiment but rather use "quasi-experimental methods" in which the experimental design is always going through changes and modifications during the middle of "experimental" interventions. The method was first proposed as 'design-experiments' as Allan Collins in 1990 and 'design experiments' by Ann Brown in 1992. Collins originally proposed design-experiments as contributing to a design science, like aeronautics or artificial intelligence, rather than towards analytic science, such as physics or psychology. Ann Brown famously defended these “quasi-experimental” methods in her final, seminal deathbed paper which outlines the rationale for design-experiments primarily as a way to develop new theories and hypotheses, explicitly suggesting design experiments were for exploratory research only, and this limited applicability was echoed in the 2002 US National Research Council Report on Scientific Methods in Education.
In the mid-1990s, a group called the National Design Experiment Consortium was founded by the late Jan Hawkins, then of Educational Development Corporation, to refine the method. In 1999, Christopher Hoadley founded the Design-Based Research Collective, funded by the Spencer Foundation, and coined the modern term for the method. In 2000, Charles Desforges famously called design experiments 'neither designed, nor experiments'. Special issues exploring the methods, their epistemology, and models for rigor came out in "Educational Researcher" (2003), "Educational Psychologist" (2004), "Journal of the Learning Sciences" (2004), and "Educational Technology" (2005). Currently, researchers debate whether design-based research methods are primarily useful as an exploratory research method geared towards producing designed artifacts, or whether the method are valid for testing robust social science theories that are contingent on designed artifacts or interventions.
Varieties and forms of design-based research methodologies.
As mentioned in the conclusion to the 2008 ICLS keynote([http://www.isls.org/icls2008/]), there are several forms of design based research now in use in education research. These are associated with papers from:

</doc>
<doc id="21447757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447757" title="Rahîm Er">
Rahîm Er

Rahîm Er (born in 1950 in Harput, Elazığ, Turkey) is a Turkish author, lawyer, and a daily columnist for "Türkiye" daily.
Biography.
After graduating from Adana Erkek Lisesi in 1969, he graduated from the Faculty of Law of İstanbul University in 1974. He is a member of the İstanbul Bar Association and the Union of Turkish Bar Associations. In 1970 he joined "Türkiye" daily newspaper and started to write daily columns. Er was the founding general manager of "Türkiye Çocuk", weekly magazine for children; TGRT, a national Turkish television channel which was bought by Fox Broadcasting Company and changed to its current name Fox Türkiye; and İhlas Databank which was changed to its current name "ihlas.net", one of the first internet service providers in Turkey. He hosted television and radio programs on TGRT and TGRT FM from 1996. He was also the chairman of board of BKY-Babıali Kültür Yayıncılığı A.Ş from 12 November 1999 until 15 April 2013.
Rahîm Er is the author of books entitled "Sevgili Peygamberim", "İmparatorluk Coğrafyasında Diplomasi Koşturmak", "Örsteki Ülke Türkiye", and "Hayatın Rengi İnsan". He currently has a column which is entitled "Entellektüel Boyut" (English: "Intellectual Dimension") in "Türkiye" daily newspaper.
In the year of 2008, Er was prosecuted within controversial Article 301 of the Turkish Penal Code because of his opinions criticising the Court of Cassation of Turkey. Even though he was criticising the Court of Cassation because of the length of trials, heavy backlog, and its hidden resistance to the establishment of regional courts of appeals in Turkey, Er was charged with insulting an institution of the Republic of Turkey by chief public prosecutor's office in Bakırköy. However, since a series of changes were made on the Article 301 on April 30, 2008, including a new amendment which makes it obligatory to get the approval of the minister of justice to file a case regarding the Article 301, this prosecution was stroke out by the dismissal of the minister of justice.

</doc>
<doc id="21447762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447762" title="Guendalina">
Guendalina

Guendalina is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Alberto Lattuada. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21447767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447767" title="Matsuhidai Station">
Matsuhidai Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447786" title="Ōmachi Station (Chiba)">
Ōmachi Station (Chiba)


</doc>
<doc id="21447797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447797" title="Butula Constituency">
Butula Constituency

Butula Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Busia District. The constituency was established for the 1997 elections. The constituency has four wards, all electing councillors for the Busia County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="21447802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447802" title="Vat Phou">
Vat Phou

Vat Phou or Wat Phu (Lao: ວັດພູ "temple-mountain") is a ruined Khmer temple complex in southern Laos. It is located at the base of mount Phu Kao, some 6 km from the Mekong river in Champasak province. There was a temple on the site as early as the 5th century, but the surviving structures date from the 11th to 13th centuries. The temple has a unique structure, in which the elements lead to a shrine where a linga was bathed in water from a mountain spring. The site later became a centre of Theravada Buddhist worship, which it remains today.
History.
Wat Phou was initially associated with the city of Shrestapura, which lay on the bank of the Mekong directly east of mount Lingaparvata (now called Phu Kao). By the latter part of the 5th century the city was already the capital of a kingdom which texts and inscriptions connect with both Chenla and Champa, and the first structure on the mountain was constructed around this time. The mountain gained spiritual importance from the linga-shaped protuberance on its summit; the mountain itself was therefore considered the home of Shiva, and the river as representing the ocean or the Ganges River. The temple was naturally dedicated to Shiva, while the water from the spring which emerges directly behind the temple was considered sacred.
Wat Phou was a part of the Khmer empire, centred on Angkor to the southwest, at least as early as the reign of Yashovarman I in the early 10th century. Shrestapura was superseded by a new city in the Angkorian period, located directly south of the temple. In the later period, the original buildings were replaced, re-using some of the stone blocks; the temple now seen was built primarily during the Koh Ker and Baphuon periods of the 11th century. Minor changes were made during the following two centuries, before the temple, like most in the empire, was converted to Theravada Buddhist use. This continued after the area came under control of the Lao, and a festival is held on the site each February. Little restoration work has been done, other than the restoration of boundary posts along the path. Wat Phou was designated a World Heritage Site in 2001.
The site.
Like most Khmer temples, Wat Phou is orientated towards the east. although the axis actually faces eight degrees south of due east, being determined primarily by the orientation of the mountain and the river. Including the barays it stretches 1.4 km east from the source of the spring, at the base of a cliff 100 m up the hill. 6 km east of the temple, on the west bank of the Mekong, lay the city, while a road south from the temple itself led to other temples and ultimately to the city of Angkor.
The two palaces stand on a terrace on either side of the axis. They are known as the north and south palaces or, without any evidence, the men's and women's palaces (the term "palace" is also a mere convention — their purpose is unknown). Each consisted of a rectangular courtyard with a corridor and entrance on the side towards the axis, and false doors at the east and west ends. The courtyards of both buildings have laterite walls; the walls of the northern palace's corridor are also laterite, while those of the southern palace are sandstone. The northern building is now in better condition. The palaces are notable chiefly for their pediments and lintels, which are in the early Angkor Wat style.
The next terrace has a small shrine to Nandin (Shiva's mount) to the south, in poor condition. The road connecting Wat Phou to Angkor ran south from this temple. Continuing west, successive staircases lead up further terraces; between them stands a dvarapala which has come to be worshipped as king Kammatha, mythical builder of the temple. On the narrow next terrace are the remains of six small shrines destroyed by treasure-hunters.
The path culminates in seven sandstone tiers which rise to the upper terrace and central sanctuary. The sanctuary is in two parts. The front section, of sandstone, is now occupied by four Buddha images, while the brick rear part, which formerly contained the central linga, is empty. The entire roof is missing, although a makeshift covering has been added to the front. Water from the spring which emerges from the cliff about 60 m southwest of the sanctuary was channeled along stone aqueducts into the rear chamber, continuously bathing the linga. The sanctuary is later than the north and south palaces, belonging to the Baphuon period of the later 11th century. The east side has three doorways: from south to north, their pediments show Krishna defeating the naga Kaliya; Indra riding Airavata; and Vishnu riding Garuda. The east wall bears dvarapalas and devatas. Entrances to the south and north bear have inner and outer lintels, including one to the south of Krishna ripping Kamsa apart.
Other features of the area are a library, in poor condition, south of the sanctuary, and a relief of the Hindu trinity to the northwest. There are other carvings further north: a Buddha's footprint on the cliff-face, and boulders shaped to resemble elephants and a crocodile. The crocodile stone has acquired some notoriety as being possibly the site of an annual human sacrifice described in a 6th-century Chinese text; the identification is lent some plausibility by the similarity of the crocodile's dimensions to those of a human.
The Present.
Global Heritage Fund, in association with the Lerici Institute (Italy) and the government of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, is providing emergency conservation of temple structures at this largest of archaeological sites in Laos. The stabilization and sustained conservation of "Nandin Hall" is the primary focus of these efforts, however the GHF-led team is working with local communities for training and development.
Within the framework of French – Lao cooperation project : " Priority solidarity funds Vat Phu Champassak. Historic and Cultural site arrangement and development ". The project has for objectives:
The Indian Team from Archaeological survey of India, headed by Er. R. S. Jamwal arrived again in June 2009 at Vat Phou and conducted studies of foundations, drainage problems, super structural elements as well as did the documentation, recording, survey work etc. for the Northern Quadrangle of temple complex. The conservation and Restoration work of Northern Quadrangle is likely to be commenced from ensuing working season.

</doc>
<doc id="21447824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447824" title="Nar Mobile">
Nar Mobile

Nar Mobile is a brand for commercial activities of Azerfon, a mobile telecommunications company, located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Company background.
Azerfon LLC launched its commercial activities in 21 March 2007 under brand name Nar Mobile. 
Today the network coverage of Azerfon claims to reach 80% of the territory of the Azerbaijan Republic (essentially all given that some 15% of the territory is under occupation). In certain remote areas (e.g. Qarxun and Sohub villages of Quba district). Nar is the only provider offering service. Currently, over 2,000,000 subscribers use the network. In 2009 a non-stock partnership agreement was signed between Azerfon LLC and Vodafone Company. In December 2009 Azerfon released its 3G (UMTS) network, the first GSM operator in Azerbaijan to do so.
Marketing.
Nar in Azerbaijani means pomegranate and that fruit is commonly used in the company's advertising which, it has been claimed, is a 'symbol of the relationship between Azerbaijan’s rich cultural heritage and modern life'. In 2011, Nar Mobile advertisements prominently featured Ell & Nikki, Azerbaijan's Eurovision Song Contest 2011 winners.

</doc>
<doc id="21447839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447839" title="Shin-Kamagaya Station">
Shin-Kamagaya Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447853" title="Nishi-Shiroi Station">
Nishi-Shiroi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447863" title="Shiroi Station">
Shiroi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447866" title="Complete spatial randomness">
Complete spatial randomness

Complete spatial randomness (CSR) describes a point process whereby point events occur within a given study area in a completely random fashion. It is synonymous with a homogeneous Spatial Poisson Process. Such a process is modeled using only one parameter formula_1, i.e. the density of points within the defined area. The term complete spatial randomness is commonly used in Applied Statistics in the context of examining certain point patterns, whereas in most other statistical contexts it is referred to the concept of a spatial Poisson process.
Model.
Data in the form of a set of points, irregularly distributed within a region of space, arise in many different contexts; examples include locations of trees in a forest, of nests of birds, of nuclei in tissue, of ill people in a population at risk. We call any such data-set a spatial point pattern and refer to the locations as events, to distinguish these from arbitrary points of the region in question. The hypothesis of complete spatial randomness for a spatial point pattern asserts that the number of events in any region follows a Poisson distribution with given mean count per uniform subdivision. The events of a pattern are independently and uniformly distributed over space; in other words, the events are equally likely to occur anywhere and do not interact with each other.
"Uniform" is used in the sense of following a uniform probability distribution across the study region, not in the sense of “evenly” dispersed across the study region. There are no interactions amongst the events, as the intensity of events does not vary over the plane. For example, the independence assumption would be violated if the existence of one event either encouraged or inhibited the occurrence of other events in the neighborhood.
Distribution.
The probability of finding exactly formula_2 points within the area formula_3 with event density formula_1 is therefore:
The first moment of which, the average number of points in the area, is simply formula_6. This value is intuitive as it is the Poisson rate parameter.
The probability of locating the formula_7 neighbor of any given point, at some radial distance formula_8 is:
where formula_10 is the number of dimensions, formula_11 is a density dependent parameter given by formula_12 and formula_13 is the gamma function, which when its argument is integral, is simply the factorial function.
The expected value of formula_14 can be derived via the use of the gamma function using statistical moments. The first moment is the mean distance between randomly distributed particles in formula_10 dimensions.
Applications.
The study of CSR is essential for the comparison of measured point data from experimental sources. As a statistical testing method, the test for CSR has many applications in the social sciences and in astronomical examinations. CSR is often the standard against which data sets are tested. Roughly described one approach to test the CSR hypothesis is the following:
In cases where computing test statistics analytically is difficult, numerical methods, such as the Monte Carlo method simulation are employed, by simulating a stochastic process a large number of times.

</doc>
<doc id="21447872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447872" title="Komuro Station">
Komuro Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447880" title="Chiba New Town Chūō Station">
Chiba New Town Chūō Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447886" title="Nambale Constituency">
Nambale Constituency

Nambale Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Busia District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="21447892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447892" title="Inzai-Makinohara Station">
Inzai-Makinohara Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447903" title="Inba-Nihon-Idai Station">
Inba-Nihon-Idai Station

Service pattern.
The current typical hourly off-peak train service is two trains per hour to Haneda Airport, running local on Hokusō, Keisei and Toei and express on Keikyū (all stations to Shinagawa, Aomono-Yokochō, Tachiaigawa, Heiwajima, Keikyū-Kamata, then all stations).

</doc>
<doc id="21447911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447911" title="Aleš Ušeničnik">
Aleš Ušeničnik

Aleš Ušeničnik (born 3 July 1868 - 30 March 1952) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest, philosopher, sociologist and theologian. He was one of the main philosophers of neo-Thomism in Slovenia and in Yugoslavia.
Ušeničnik was born in the village of Poljane near the Upper Carniolan town of Škofja Loka, in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire (now in Slovenia). He studied theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. In 1897, he became professor at the Theological Semminary in Ljubljana. In 1919, he became professor at the Faculty for Theology at the University of Ljubljana, where he taught philosophy. In the years 1922 and 1923, he served as the fourth rector of the University of Ljubljana. In 1937, he became a member of the Pontifical Academy of St. Thomas Aquinas and in 1938 one of the founding members of the Academy of Sciences and Arts in Ljubljana (later renamed to Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts). In 1948, he was expulsed from the Academy by the new Communist regime.
He died in Ljubljana in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="21447929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447929" title="Mogusaen Station">
Mogusaen Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447933" title="Jøkulkyrkja Mountain">
Jøkulkyrkja Mountain

Jøkulkyrkja Mountain ("the Glacier Church"), also known as Massiv Yakova Gakkelya, is a broad, ice-topped mountain with several radial rock spurs, standing east of Lunde Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, East Antarctica.
Discovery and naming.
Jøkulkyrkja Mountain was plotted from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named "Jøkulkyrkja". The first element is "jøkul" m 'small glacier', the last element is the finite form of "kyrkje" f 'church'. (Like other names in the Norwegian Arctic and Antarctic islands and areas the Nynorsk form of Norwegian is used in the name - the Bokmål form would have been *"Jøkelkirken".)
Mountaineering significance.
The first ascent of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain was in January 1994, by a team of 13 mountain climbers led by Ivar Tollefsen. The first woman to reach the top was Merete Asak, November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21447934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447934" title="Darwish Pasha Mosque">
Darwish Pasha Mosque

The Darwish Pasha Mosque (, transliteration: "Jami Darwish Pasha", ) is an early Ottoman-era mosque in Damascus, Syria, located along the Street Called Straight. The mosque was erected in 1574 by the Ottoman governor of Damascus "Darwish Pasha".
Architecture.
The building is built with alternating courses of black and white stones and is composed of a prayer hall preceded by a portico and a rectangular courtyard.
Courtyard.
The mosque courtyard is entered from the east through an arched doorway set inside a high portal along Darwish Street. Above the door is an Arabic inscription carved in marble stating the name of the mosque’s patron and its erection date. On each side of the portal arch are two medallions of polychrome stone. The cylindrical minaret, crowned by a conical roof above a single balcony supported on muqarnas corbels, rises directly above the portal and is accessed by a spiral staircase entered from the courtyard.
The courtyard is rectangular and has a sixteen-sided fountain in its center. Its walls are decorated with numerous "Kashani" tile panels and its floor is paved with polychrome stones. The northern and western walls of the courtyard are pierced with two and three windows, respectively, that have floral and inscriptive tiles in their tympana.
Interior.
To the south side of the courtyard, is the five bay portico of the prayer hall. Its domes are carried on white stone columns with black capitals. Doorways at the east and west ends of the portico lead out to the streets. 
The prayer hall is accessed through a door centered on the portico and flanked by windows with arched tympana. Adjoining the windows on both sides of the portico are three tile panels. The first panel on the east side is a tiled "mihrab" niche followed by a flat tiled panel depicting a niche. A similar panel is found on the west side of the entrance.
Inside, the prayer hall has a tri-partite plan centered on a square domed space that is flanked by aisles covered with three smaller domes. The central dome is supported by pendentives marked with inscriptive medallions. It is pierced by sixteen arched windows that help illuminate the hall that only has windows on its western and northern walls. The "qibla" wall is entirely covered with polychrome marble laid out in geometric patterns. The arch of the "mihrab" is supported by two marble columns with Corinthian capitals and set within a rectangular frame of star and diamond niche motifs made of colored stones. The niche itself is covered with vertical strips of black and white marble whereas its semi-dome is decorated with a zigzag pattern made of black, white and red marble. To the right of the "mihrab" is the plain marble "minbar" with a muqarnas lintel above its doorway. The north, east and west walls of the prayer hall are decorated with "Kashani" tile panels and the windows are covered with colored glass.

</doc>
<doc id="21447947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447947" title="Nakagawara Station (Tokyo)">
Nakagawara Station (Tokyo)


</doc>
<doc id="21447958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447958" title="Minamidaira Station">
Minamidaira Station

Layout.
The station has two side platforms on two tracks. The station is on ground level.

</doc>
<doc id="21447976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447976" title="List of awards and nominations received by Leona Lewis">
List of awards and nominations received by Leona Lewis

Leona Lewis is a British pop singer-songwriter. She is the winner of the third series of "The X Factor" in the UK and has released two studio albums, "Spirit", in 2007 and "Echo", in 2009. She has released ten singles, Four of which have reached number one in various singles charts.
Lewis has received nominations in a variety of awards, including seven nominations for BRIT Awards, three nominations for Grammy Awards, three MOBO Awards, five MTV Europe Music Awards and two Teen Choice Awards. Her debut single, a cover version of "A Moment Like This", gave Lewis her first award win, an Ivor Novello Award for Best Selling British Single. Her international breakthrough single, "Bleeding Love", has received a five awards from 11 nominations. "Spirit" has won two awards from five nominations. Overall, Lewis has received 12 awards from 30 nominations.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. Lewis has received seven nominations across four years, including three nominations in the British Single category. In 2008, Lewis was the favourite to win the most awards.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. Lewis has received three nominations.
MTV Awards.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Lewis has received one nomination.
MTV Asia Awards.
MTV Asia Awards is another annual award established in 2002 by MTV. Lewis has won one award.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards is an awards show presented annually by the Fox Broadcasting Company. They are voted for by teenagers. Lewis has received two nominations.
VEVOCertified Awards.
The VEVOCertified Awards is an rewarding the music videos that reached the mark of 100 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="21447977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447977" title="Hirayamajōshi-kōen Station">
Hirayamajōshi-kōen Station


</doc>
<doc id="21447981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447981" title="2002–03 Slovak Extraliga season">
2002–03 Slovak Extraliga season

The Slovak Extraliga 2002-03 was the tenth regular season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of professional ice hockey in Slovakia.
Regular season.
Final standings.
Key - GP: Games played, W: Wins, OTW: Over time wins, T: Ties, OTL: Over time losses, L: Losses, GF: Goals for, GA: Goals against, PTS: Points.
Scoring Leaders.
Regular season
Key - GP: Games played, G: Goals, A: Assists, PTS: Points.

</doc>
<doc id="21447985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447985" title="Naganuma Station (Tokyo)">
Naganuma Station (Tokyo)

Layout.
Naganuma station has two elevated side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="21447986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447986" title="Carl Hoff">
Carl Hoff

Carl Hoff (11 January 1915 – 10 July 1951) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21447990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21447990" title="Baile Bricín">
Baile Bricín

Baile Bricín ("The Vision of Bricín") is a late Old Irish or Middle Irish prose tale, in which St Bricín(e), abbot of Túaim Dreccon (Tomregan), is visited by an angel, who reveals to him the names of the most important future Irish churchmen. The text can be regarded as an ecclesiastical counterpart to "Baile in Scáil", which provided a model for the structure of the tale and which is referred to in § 58.
Summary.
One night, Bricín of Túaim Dreccon heard the noise of an Easter celebration in heaven and asked God for any news. An angel descended from heaven and revealed to him the names of the most famous future churchmen in Ireland as well as the outlines of Bricín's future career. Most of the text is occupied by this list, which includes a variety of details about the clerics in question. The text ends with a brief note on St Patrick's intervention for the Irish on Judgment Day.
References.
Eugene O'Curry: Lectures on the Manuscript Materials of Ancient Irish History, pp. 48–51 and 418-419.

</doc>
<doc id="21448009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448009" title="Old Pine Street Station">
Old Pine Street Station

Old Pine Street Station, also known as the Old Western District Police Station House, is a historic police station located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a freestanding brick building of two stories raised on a partially exposed basement in the quintessential brick Victorian Gothic style. It was constructed 1877-78.
The station was to be torn down to make way for a highway, but was saved through the efforts of preservationists and the demise of the highway project. The building is now used as a police station for the University of Maryland, Baltimore Police.
Old Pine Street Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21448011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448011" title="Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society">
Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society

Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/1997/28.html UKHL 28 is the most cited English contract law case, and one of the most cited contract cases today. It laid down that a contextual approach must be taken to the interpretation of contracts. Lord Hoffmann set out five principles for interpreting contracts.
Facts.
Investors were given negligent advice by their financial advisers, building societies and solicitors and had claims for breach of statutory duty. The Securities and Investments Board (now under the FSA) started a compensation scheme. To get compensation, investors contracted with the Investors Compensation Scheme to assign their claims. ICS would then sue on the investors' behalf. The claims were assigned, excluding "Any claim (whether sounding in rescission for undue influence or otherwise)" against a building society which would abate sums otherwise owed to that society. The question was whether ICS, and not the investors, had a right to claim damages and rescission against the building societies.
Judgment.
Lord Hoffmann stated,

</doc>
<doc id="21448014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448014" title="Kamihongō Station">
Kamihongō Station

History.
Kamihongō Station was opened on April 21, 1955.
Layout.
Kamihongō Station has a single island platform, with an elevated station house. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448021" title="Matsudo-Shinden Station">
Matsudo-Shinden Station

History.
Matsudo-Shinden Station was opened on April 21, 1955. A new station building was completed in 2007.
Layout.
Matsudo-Shinden Station has a dual opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448028" title="Minoridai Station">
Minoridai Station

History.
Minoridai Station was opened on April 21, 1955. 
Layout.
Minoridai Station has a dual opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448039" title="Hypsilurus spinipes">
Hypsilurus spinipes

The southern angle-headed dragon or southern forest dragon (Hypsilurus spinipes) is native to eastern Australian rainforests and rainforest margins from around Gosford in New South Wales to near Gympie in Queensland. It is also present in Barrington Tops National Park, New South Wales.
The southern angle-headed dragon has a large and continuous nuchal crest with a moderately large vertebral crest. The angular brow is pronounced on both adults and juveniles. The snout to vent length is around 110 to 150 mm, additionally there is a long tail which takes the total length to 35 cm.
The colour varies from shades of brown, grey and green. Patterns where present consist of various irregular mottling, blotches and variegations. The southern angle-headed dragon is cryptic, slow moving and well camouflaged. Sometimes encountered basking in sunlight after rain. Often perching on buttresses, sapling stems or old stumps. They tend not to dash for cover, but slide discreetly out of view.
The diet includes insects and other arthropods such as spiders and centipedes. Eggs are laid in shallow nests in rainforest clearings, including road edges and walking tracks. There is some evidence that they will occasionally lay communal nests. The eggs are vulnerable to predation, particularly by goannas. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448040" title="Yabashira Station">
Yabashira Station

History.
Yabashira Station was opened on April 21, 1955. A new station building was completed in 2003.
Layout.
Yabashira Station has a dual opposed side platforms, with an elevated station building. The station is adjacent to, but not directly connected to the Shin-Yahashira Station of the JR East’s Musashino Line. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448050" title="Tokiwadaira Station">
Tokiwadaira Station

History.
Tokiwadaira Station was opened on April 21, 1955 as It changed its name to its present name on February 1, 1960.
Layout.
Tokiwadaira Station has a single island platforms, with an elevated station building.

</doc>
<doc id="21448057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448057" title="Tony Dean (civil servant)">
Tony Dean (civil servant)

Anthony "Tony" Alexander Dean, (born August 19, 1953) is a former Ontario civil servant. He was Secretary of the Cabinet, Head of the Ontario Public Service, and the Clerk of the Executive Council from 2002 to 2008. 
Dean received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology and Social Anthropology from University of Hull and a Master of Arts degree in Sociology from McMaster University. He worked for ten years in the public sector in collective bargaining before joining the Ontario Public Service in 1989. He was Deputy Minister of Labour and Deputy Minister and Associate Secretary of Cabinet, Policy. In 2002, he was appointed by Ontario Premier Ernie Eves Secretary of the Cabinet and Clerk of the Executive Council. He retired in 2008 and is currently a Professor at the University of Toronto’s School of Public Policy and Governance. In 2010 Dean was a Senior Research Fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School. He advises governments, domestically and internationally, on public administration, public policy and implementation.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty described him as "the ultimate public servant, exhibiting on a daily basis the drive to get things done, and the diplomacy required to have them done well".
In 2009, he was made a member of the Order of Ontario in recognition for having "transformed the Ontario Public Service".

</doc>
<doc id="21448058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448058" title="Gokō Station">
Gokō Station

History.
Gokō Station was opened on April 21, 1955.
Layout.
Gokō Station has a single island platform, with an elevated station building. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448076" title="Motoyama Station (Chiba)">
Motoyama Station (Chiba)

History.
Motoyama Station was opened on April 21, 1955.
Layout.
Motoyama Station has two opposed side platforms, with an elevated station building. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448088" title="Kita-Hatsutomi Station">
Kita-Hatsutomi Station

History.
Kita-Hatsutomi Station was opened on April 21, 1955. On March 9, 1979, the Hokuso Line connected this station with Komuro Station. However, on July 8, 1982 the Hokuso Line discontinued operations from Shin-Kamagaya Station to Kita-Hatsuomi Station, and the junction station between the Hokuso Line and the Shin-Keisei Line was shifted to Shin-Kamagaya Station.
Layout.
Kita-Hatsutomi Station has a two opposed side platforms, with an elevated station building. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448105" title="United States Parcel Post Station">
United States Parcel Post Station

United States Parcel Post Station, also known as the Railway Express Building, is a historic post office structure located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is two stories high with the first floor at the St. Paul Street level and is supported by concrete piers that extend 35 feet down to the level of the Jones Falls Expressway (I-83). It was constructed in 1929 in a Classical Revival style and built of reinforced concrete with brick walls and limestone and terra cotta trim, the building is a parallelogram in plan, measuring 142 feet on the east and west and 269 feet deep. The principal facade features a 4 foot high limestone base and terra cotta capitals molded in the form of an American bald eagle within a wreath. The St. Paul Street facility and its location next to the Pennsylvania Railroad according to the U.S. Post Office Department in 1928 "would affect handling of parcel-post matter in Washington and delivery points as far as New York and Canada." Finally, the station was the first air rights development in the city.
United States Parcel Post Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. It is included in the Baltimore National Heritage Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21448110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448110" title="Futawamukōdai Station">
Futawamukōdai Station

History.
Futawamukōdai Station was opened on March 16, 1949.
Layout.
Futawamukōdai Station has a two opposed side platforms. 

</doc>
<doc id="21448117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448117" title="Eric Anson">
Eric Anson

Eric Anson (22 November 1892 – 5 June 1969) was New Zealand's first specialist anaesthetist. He was the first President of the New Zealand Society of Anaesthetists (NZSA) and a member of the NZ Committee of the Faculty of Anaesthetists.
Early life and education.
Anson was born in Wellington and educated at Wangurai Collegiate School. He went to Trinity College, Cambridge, and then to St Thomas's Hospital St Thomas's Hospital Medical School now part of King's College London, from which he graduated in January 1916.
Career.
He served in the Royal Navy in World War I, and in May 1917 was wounded in action. After the war, he worked as an anaesthetist in Birmingham before returning to New Zealand in 1922 to practise anaesthetics as a specialty — the first New Zealander qualified to do so.
Between the wars Anson practised in Wellington and was a key figure in the New Zealand Branch of the British Medical Association. During World War II he served in the New Zealand Army Medical Corps, both in Egypt and on the hospital ship Oranje. From late 1945 to 1957 he was Director of Anaesthetics to the Auckland hospitals, where he was a pioneer in cardiothoracic anaesthesia. He was especially well regarded by Sir George Douglas Robb for his ability to have his patients wake up promptly enough to say "Thank you, Mr. Robb" before leaving theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="21448121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448121" title="Iveco EuroStar">
Iveco EuroStar

The EuroStar was a heavy-duty truck model produced by Iveco Magirus. It replaced the 1980s-designed Turbostar.
Different performance levels from three different capacity variants were initially available:
Starting from 1995, Eurostar could mount the new 8210.42S, a 6-cylinder 13.8 l with a power output of 469 HP. In correspondence with, also the possibility to use EuroTronic gearbox, having full or semiautomatic modes, was introduced. In 1998-1999 the Eurostar line received the new Cursor engines (initially limited to the Cursor 10, 10.3 l for 40 HP, later expanded to the more fortunate Cursor 13 with 460 HP or 480 HP).

</doc>
<doc id="21448126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448126" title="I Am Your Gummy Bear">
I Am Your Gummy Bear

I Am Your Gummy Bear is the debut album by Gummibär released on the Gummybear International label. It contains 20 songs interpreted by Gummibär including the big hit "I'm A Gummy Bear (The Gummy Bear Song)"

</doc>
<doc id="21448128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448128" title="Misaki Station (Chiba)">
Misaki Station (Chiba)

History.
Misaki Station was opened on January 8, 1949. The current elevated station building was completed in 1987.
Layout.
Misaki Station has a two opposed side platforms, with an elevated station building.

</doc>
<doc id="21448135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448135" title="Maja e Risklit">
Maja e Risklit

Maja e Risklit is a mountain in Albania. Maja e Risklit is part of the Prokletije mountain range. It is high.

</doc>
<doc id="21448143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448143" title="Takifudō Station">
Takifudō Station

History.
Takifudō Station was opened on August 26, 1948. 
Layout.
Takifudō Station has a two opposed side platforms, with an elevated station building.

</doc>
<doc id="21448152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448152" title="Prométhée">
Prométhée

Prométhée ("Prometheus") is a "tragédie lyrique" (grand cantata) in three acts by the French composer Gabriel Fauré with a French libretto by Jean Lorrain and Ferdinand Hérold, based on the Greek myth of Prometheus. The first performance at Arènes de Béziers on 27 August 1900 involved almost 800 performers (including two wind bands and 15 harps) and was watched by an audience of 10,000. Between 1914 and 1916, Jean Roger-Ducasse reworked the score for a reduced orchestra. This version (which was later revised by Fauré) made its debut at the Paris Opéra on 17 May 1917 but never became popular.
Designated as a "tragédie lyrique", the work resists easy categorisation. It was intended to be on a large-scale with spoken and musical sections. Warrack & West call it a grand cantata, arguing that since "only some of the characters participate in the stage action it is scarcely an opera, though Fauré's conception of the work is at times more operatic than merely choral ... the clearest example to date of Wagner's influence on his music."
Synopsis.
Act 1.
The mortal men, led by Andros and Aenoë, are waiting for Prometheus' arrival. Prometheus comes with a gift for them. Gaia appears and warns the titan not to desobey Zeus' orders and then leaves. Prometheus does not listen to her and gives them the gift, the fire. The mortal men leave and soon arrive Kratos (power) and Bia (violence), sent by Zeus to punish him; with them is Hephaestus, the divine forger, who is a friend of Prometheus. The three tell Prometheus his sentence: he will be chained forever to a rock and every day a black eagle shall drink from his veins.
Act 2.
Aenoë and the other girls lament for Prometheus' fate and then leave. Prometheus is back with Kratos, Bia and Hephaestus. Hephaestus laments for his friend but still has to make his chains and bind him to the rock. Bia and Kratos are there to make sure Hephaestus will do what he has to do, he delays but finishes his duty. Kratos, Bia and Hephaestus leave, Prometheus remains chained to the rock.
Act 3.
Pandora suffers for Prometheus, the nymphs try to comfort her. Bia and Kratos tell Pandora she should not suffer and warn her she can be punished for this. Hermes arrives with a gift from Zeus, a box. Prometheus warn the men not to accept a gift from Zeus, but Pandora doesn't listen and take it. The opera ends with a praise to Zeus and his benevolence, besides Prometheus' suffering.
Productions.
This opera has been presented very rarely, but in July 2011 there was a Brazilian production by the Núcleo Universitário de Ópera (NUO), in São Paulo. This Brazilian production included recitatives instead of spoken lines and a new orchestration by their conductor and director, Paulo Maron.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="21448158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448158" title="Takanekido Station">
Takanekido Station

History.
Takanekido Station was opened on October 8, 1948.
Layout.
Takanekido Station has an island platform, with an elevated station building.

</doc>
<doc id="21448166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448166" title="Pisak">
Pisak

Pisak is a small tourist settlement within the city of Omiš, Croatia, in Split-Dalmatia County.
The settlement had a population of 208 in 2001. The majority of the population are Croats. Pisak is located south of the Adriatic Highway on the Dalmatia coast, approximately 18 km from central Omiš, and 40 km from Split. Pisak is a small and peaceful settlement, once a fishermen's port and now a modern tourist destination. Vrulja under-sea springs are located southeast of Pisak.
The beaches consist mainly of clifs, rocks and pebble.

</doc>
<doc id="21448173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448173" title="Tisserdmine">
Tisserdmine

The village is located on the bottom of Erg Chebbi, a Saharan erg in south-east Morocco near the Algerian border.
It most famous well known nearby village is Merzouga. Other villages around the dunes are: Hassilabied, Tanamoust, Takoujt, Khamlia, Tisserdmine.

</doc>
<doc id="21448174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448174" title="Khamlia">
Khamlia

Khamlia is a village located near Erg Chebbi, a Saharan erg in southeast Morocco near the Algerian border.
It most famous well known nearby village is Merzouga. Other villages around the dunes are: Hassilabied, Tanamoust, Takoujt, Tisserdmine.

</doc>
<doc id="21448175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448175" title="Takoujt">
Takoujt

The village is located on the bottom of Erg Chebbi, a Saharan erg in south-east Morocco near the Algerian border.
It most famous well known nearby village is Merzouga. Other villages around the dunes are: Hassilabied, Tanamoust, Takoujt, Khamlia, Tisserdmine.

</doc>
<doc id="21448176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448176" title="Tanamoust">
Tanamoust

The village is located on the bottom of Erg Chebbi, a Saharan erg in south-east Morocco near the Algerian border.
It most famous well known nearby village is Merzouga. Other villages around the dunes are: Hassilabied, Tanamoust, Takoujt, Khamlia, Tisserdmine.

</doc>
<doc id="21448178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448178" title="Hassilabied">
Hassilabied

The village is located on the bottom of Erg Chebbi, a Saharan erg in south-east Morocco near the Algerian border.
It most famous well known nearby village is Merzouga. Other villages around the dunes are: Tanamoust, Takoujt, Khamlia, Tisserdmine..

</doc>
<doc id="21448181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448181" title="Jakob Sverdrup">
Jakob Sverdrup

Jakob Sverdrup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21448184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448184" title="Kita-Narashino Station">
Kita-Narashino Station

History.
Kita-Narashino Station was opened on April 11, 1966 as a station on the Shin-Keisei Railway Line. The Tōyō Rapid Railway Line connected to the station on April 27, 1996. The Shin-Keisei Line completed a new station building in 2009.
Layout.
Shin-Keisei Kita-Narashino Station has a single island platform, with an elevated station building. The Tōyō Rapid Railway Line is an underground station with a single island platform.

</doc>
<doc id="21448189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448189" title="Maja e Vallamarës">
Maja e Vallamarës

Maja e Vallamarës is a mountain peak belonging to the Gramos mountain in southern Albania as well as in northern Greece. Maja e Vallamarës reaches a height of above sea level. It is 3 km north of the highest peak of Gramos, which is high.

</doc>
<doc id="21448195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448195" title="Ralph Hudson">
Ralph Hudson

Ralph Hudson (died January 22, 1963) was the last person to be executed by New Jersey.
A native of Coatesville, Pennsylvania, Hudson was tried and convicted of stabbing his estranged wife Myrtle Hudson to death as she worked in an Atlantic City, New Jersey, restaurant on December 27, 1960. Hudson had been convicted of assault and battery four months earlier and was sentenced to six months in jail but had been let out for Christmas.
Hudson was executed by electric chair in the Trenton State Prison. Although other prisoners were sentenced to death by New Jersey after Hudson, no prisoner has been executed since Hudson.
The New Jersey Legislature voted to abolish the death penalty in 2007, and the measure was signed into law by Governor Jon S. Corzine.

</doc>
<doc id="21448201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448201" title="Narashino Station">
Narashino Station

History.
Narashino Station was opened on October 8, 1948.
Layout.
Narashino Station has two opposed side platforms, connected to the station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="21448211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448211" title="Yakuendai Station">
Yakuendai Station

History.
Yakuendai Station was opened on December 27, 1947. The station relocated to its present location and a new station building was completed by July 29, 2000.
Layout.
Yakuendai Station has a single island platform, with an elevated station building.

</doc>
<doc id="21448221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448221" title="Maebara Station">
Maebara Station

History.
Maebara Station was opened on April 21, 1955. From 1961-1968, a spur line extended from Maebara Station to Shin-Tsudanuma Station via . The line was discontinued in 1968.
Layout.
Maebara Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. The station is somewhat unusual in that each platform has a separate exit.

</doc>
<doc id="21448228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448228" title="Nielsenia">
Nielsenia

Nielsenia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="21448242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448242" title="Shin-Tsudanuma Station">
Shin-Tsudanuma Station

Lines.
Shin-Tsudanuma Station is served by the Shin-Keisei Line, and is located 25.3 km from the terminus of the line at Matsudo Station. The station is 400 meters from Tsudanuma Station on the JR East Sobu Main Line.
Station layout.
Shin-Tsudanuma Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass.
History.
Shin-Tsudanuma Station opened on December 27, 1947, although it was originally located 300 m from the current station. From 1953-1968, a spur line was extended from Maebara Station to Shin-Tsudanuma Station via , which replaced Shin-Tsudanuma Station from 1953 until it was closed to passenger service in 1961, at which point the original Shin-Tsudanuma Station was re-opened. The line was demolished in 1968 along with Fujisakidai Station; the current station was opened the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21448243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448243" title="Walter Robinow">
Walter Robinow

Walter Robinow (15 August 1867 – 15 July 1938) was a German chess functionary and organizer.
In 1908, he became the President of the Hamburg Chess Club ("Hamburger SK"), and was a main organizer of the Hamburg 1910 chess tournament (the 17th DSB Congress). In 1914, he was appointed a Vice President of the German Chess Federation (DSB). After World War I, he was a fifth "Präsident des Deutschen Schachbundes" (DSB) from 1920 to 1933. Among others, he had organized the 24th DSB Kongress at Breslau 1925, the first international congress after the war. 
In April 1933, due to Nazi Machtergreifung, Robinow had to resign his chairmanship of the "Deutschen Schachbundes" and the "Hamburger Schachklubs", because of his Jewish origin.

</doc>
<doc id="21448254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448254" title="Johnston Building">
Johnston Building

Johnston Building may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21448257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448257" title="Crown Jewels of Württemberg">
Crown Jewels of Württemberg

The Crown Jewels of Württemberg (German: "Kronjuwelen des Königreichs Württemberg") are a historical jewel collection belonging to the Kings and Queens of Württemberg.
The original crown jewels were made in 1806 for Frederick I of Württemberg to celebrate Württemberg achieving kingdom status. The Crown of Württemberg consists of Gold, Diamonds, Pearls and Emeralds. Many of the diamonds were donated by the jewel collector Duke Carl Alexander. The crown was never traditionally worn at celebrations. Rather, it was carried during ceremonies such as weddings, New Year's Day celebrations and funerals. The appearance of the crown was last modified during 1749–1827 by the court jeweller August Heinrich Kuhn for King William I of Württemberg. In 1945 the crown was confiscated by French troops from a bank vault in Biberach an der Riß. The crown was later returned to Württemberg-Hohenzollern Parliament.
The crown jewels also include the Diamond Diadem created for Queen Pauline of Württemberg in 1820. Queen Pauline's husband King William I even had several large diamonds transferred from the Crown of Württemberg to the Diamond Diadem. The collection also includes a golden dinner set given to the Württemberg king in 1816 by Grand Duchess (and later Queen) Catherine Pavlovna of Russia.
After monarchy ended in Württemberg the royal family and the State of Württemberg split the crown jewels. Today some of the collection including the Crown and Diadem can be viewed at the State Museum of Württemberg (Landesmuseum Württemberg).

</doc>
<doc id="21448264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448264" title="Strathewen, Victoria">
Strathewen, Victoria

Strathewen is a town in Victoria, Australia, 45 km north-east of Melbourne's Central Business District. Its local government area is the Shire of Nillumbik. At the 2011 Census, Strathewen had a population of 147.
Strathewen is located near the Kinglake National Park. It is an apple and pear producing area and is home to small local vineyards and wineries.
History.
Strathewen Post Office opened on 20 September 1909 and closed in 1964.
The town was substantially destroyed during the Black Saturday bushfires on February 7, 2009, which destroyed the primary school, the old fire station, the community hall, and most of the houses in the area. 27 of its 200 residents died in the fires.

</doc>
<doc id="21448265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448265" title="Ginn Hale">
Ginn Hale

Ginn Hale is an American writer of speculative fiction.
Early life.
Hale spent a portion of her early childhood living in an off the grid cabin in California. Her father was fond of inventing humorous story-based games around figures from American History, including the game "Assassinate President Taft."
Career.
Her debut book, "Wicked Gentlemen" (2007, Blind Eye Books), a book made up of two closely connected novellas blending elements of the steampunk, paranormal, gay romance and suspense genres, won the 2008 Gaylactic Spectrum Award for best novel, in addition to being selected as a finalist for the Lambda Literary Award the same year. She then collaborated with Astrid Amara and Nicole Kimberling on two shared-world anthologies for Loose Id, called "Hell Cop" and "Hell Cop 2". In 2010 she returned to Blind Eye Books to release "Lord of the White Hell" Books One and Two. In 2011 she released a 10 part serialized novel titled "The Rifter".
Personal life.
Hale now resides on the Pacific Northwest coast of the USA with her wife. She is an avid supporter of Best Friends Animal Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21448272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448272" title="Jimmy Lawlor">
Jimmy Lawlor

James Joseph Lawlor (10 May 1933 – 5 April 2012), also known as Jimmy Lawlor or Jim Lawlor, was an Irish former professional footballer who played in both Ireland and England as a centre half.
Career.
Born in Finglas Bridge, Dublin, Ireland, Lawlor spent his early career with Transport, Shamrock Rovers and Drumcondra. In August 1952, he was signed for English club Doncaster Rovers by manager Peter Doherty. He made his debut for Doncaster on 16 October 1954 in a 5-1 defeat against Lincoln City, and made a total of nine appearances in the Football League for Doncaster during the 1954–55 season. He also scored two goals in a friendly match against Scottish club Celtic on 18 November 1952. After leaving Doncaster, Lawlor had a spell in Northern Ireland with Coleraine, before signing with English club Bradford City in March 1957. After scoring five goals in 153 appearances in the Football League for them, and 176 appearances in all competitions, Lawlor retired at the age of 28 in 1962, due to a broken leg injury.
Later life and death.
Lawlor died on 5 April 2012, at the age of 78, following a period of illness.

</doc>
<doc id="21448289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448289" title="Noel Edison">
Noel Edison

Noel Edison, (born November 16, 1958) is a Canadian conductor. He is the conductor of the Elora Festival Singers, Artistic Director of the Elora Festival and the conductor of the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, the son of George and Marian Clarissa (Frost), Edison graduated from Jarvis Collegiate in 1978 and Wilfrid Laurier University in 1985. He then moved to Elora, Ontario to study piano with Victor Martins. He studied conducting with Robert Shaw, Helmuth Rilling, Sir David Willcocks, Wayne Riddle and John Alldis. In 1997, he was appointed conductor of the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir.
In 2009, he was made a member of the Order of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="21448292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448292" title="United Lanka Congress">
United Lanka Congress

The United Lanka Congress was a political party in Ceylon. K.V. Dalpadatu was the Secretary of the party. The party contested two seats in the 1947 legislative election. The combined votes for the two candidates of the party was 3,953.

</doc>
<doc id="21448295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448295" title="List of barracks in Munich">
List of barracks in Munich

The Bavarian capital Munich was home to many military barracks. The first ones were located near the historical center of Munich. At the end of the 18th century a lot of military installations were built to the north of the historical center. Most of the installations were renamed during Nazi Germany, once more during the occupation of Germany after World War II when the installations were used by the United States Army, and once more when the Bundeswehr got them for use. Only three of them are currently used. The barracks of Munich are listed on a memorial stone which is located in Bayern-Kaserne.

</doc>
<doc id="21448296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448296" title="The Image (1990 film)">
The Image (1990 film)

The Image is a 1990 film drama that originally premiered on HBO. It starred Albert Finney, John Mahoney, Kathy Baker and Marsha Mason.
Minor characters were played by Swoosie Kurtz and Wendie Jo Sperber. Brad Pitt also has a small role. It was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Special for Finney and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Special for Kurtz.
Plot.
Jason Cromwell (Finney) is a leading TV newsman whose investigation of a bank scandal drives a wrongly accused executive to suicide and forces him to make important decisions about his life and career.

</doc>
<doc id="21448297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448297" title="James Lawlor">
James Lawlor

James Lawlor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21448325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448325" title="La naissance de la lyre">
La naissance de la lyre

La naissance de la lyre ("The Birth of the Lyre") is an opera (styled a "conte lyrique") in one act by the French composer Albert Roussel. The libretto, by Théodore Reinach, is based on the satyr play "Ichneutae" by Sophocles. It was first performed at the Paris Opéra on 1 July 1925 with choreography by Bronislava Nijinska.
Synopsis.
The newborn god Hermes steals his brother Apollo's cattle. The satyrs, led by Silenus, track him down and find Hermes has made a new musical instrument, the lyre, from the horns of one of the cattle. Apollo is so pleased with the lyre that he adopts it as his own and forgives his young brother.

</doc>
<doc id="21448343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448343" title="Stuart O'Keefe">
Stuart O'Keefe

Stuart Antony Alan O'Keefe (born 4 March 1991) is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Barclay's Premier League club Crystal Palace.
Career.
Stuart O'Keefe began his career at Ipswich Town before being released in 2007.
Southend United.
O'Keefe made his debut for Southend on 18 November 2008, at home to Telford United in the 2–0 win in the FA Cup first-round replay. He made his debut in the Football League against Leyton Orient on 20 January 2009 in the 1–1 away draw, coming on as a substitute in the 84th minute.
O'Keefe made his first league start for Southend United against Leeds United at Elland Road on 27 January 2009. He went on only made a handful of appearances for Southend.
Crystal Palace.
On 18 August 2010, O'Keefe signed for Crystal Palace after being recommended by former Southend player Dougie Freedman. In his first season O'Keefe was only a back up player and made four appearances. In the 2011–12 season, O'Keefe was given a chance to impress early on in the season in the League Cup, he was an important part of the team that went on to play in the semi-final. He started in the quarter final 2–1 win against Manchester United on 30 November 2011 at Old Trafford. Later on the season, O'Keefe was part of the end of season run in due to injuries.
On 31 August 2013, O'Keefe sealed a 3-1 victory in Palace's first three points of their Premier League campaign in the 92nd minute at home to Sunderland with a curling 20 yard shot after coming on as a late substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="21448351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448351" title="Magic Kid 2">
Magic Kid 2

Magic Kid 2 is a 1994 film sequel of "Magic Kid" directed by Stephen Furst.
Plot.
Kevin Ryan is a film star named Ninja Boy. David Wadsworth is a film producer who expects big money from his new film starring Ninja Boy. Meanwhile, Kevin has to study to pass on to the 10th grade but he won't succeed if he keeps on starring in movies. Kevin's agent is his uncle Bob Ryan, who plays poker all day with his friends. Kevin is home-schooled by his tutor Suzanne, who wants Kevin to finish school. When Kevin visits Suzanne's home, he asks her daughter Maggie on a date. Maggie agrees and soon Kevin falls in love with her.
Meanwhile, Uncle Bob, who is concerned about the millions of dollars he will owe if Kevin breaks his movie contract, supports Kevin choosing the film. Kevin then runs away from home. David gives Uncle Bob 24 hours to find Kevin. Uncle Bob doesn't find him and David sends Luther (his bodyguard) after him. After a motorcycle chase, Bob gets arrested. Luther bails him out and takes him back to his house. Then Uncle Bob finds Kevin's school book and goes to Suzanne. When Kevin returns from a date with Maggie, he hears that Uncle Bob and Suzanne had a long talk and both decided that Kevin must go to school first. That brings Uncle Bob in conflict with David, who makes a plan to kill the Ninja Boy character.

</doc>
<doc id="21448372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448372" title="István Havasi">
István Havasi

István Havasi (born December 21, 1930 in Dánszentmiklós, Pest – died February 16, 2003 in Budapest) was a male race walker from Hungary. He competed for his native country at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21448377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448377" title="Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar">
Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar

The Priory of Santa Maria del Vilar at Villelongue-dels-Monts in the department of the Pyrénées-Orientales, France, houses the Romanian Orthodox Monastery of the Dormition of the Mother of God. It falls under the jurisdiction of the Romanian Orthodox Metropolitan of Western and Southern Europe.
History.
Its former hegumen was Father Timotei Lauran, now bishop of Spain and Portugal under the jurisdiction of the Romanian Orthodox Metropolitan of Western and Southern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="21448383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448383" title="David Gray (footballer born 1923)">
David Gray (footballer born 1923)

David D. Gray (born 1923) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played league football for Bradford City between 1948 and 1956, making over 200 appearances. He also played non-league football with Queensbury and Ossett Town.

</doc>
<doc id="21448384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448384" title="Novo Basquete Brasil">
Novo Basquete Brasil

Novo Basquete Brasil (NBB) is the Brazilian premier professional men's basketball league. Organized by the Liga Nacional de Basquete (LNB), in a new format of the Campeonato Brasileiro de Basquete, this league is managed for the first time by the Brazilian basketball associations, all LNB founding members.
Format.
The NBB is the annual championship promoted by the national Brazilian league (LNB), and endorsed by the Brazilian Basketball Confederation. The first phase of the season consists of fifteen teams playing against each other, on a home and away basis. Then the top eight teams go to the playoffs, where the top ranked team plays against the one in the eighth place, the second from the top plays the seventh, and so on. Each playoff series is a best-of-five, apart from the championship final, which is a single game. In all of those, the best placed team has the home court advantage. Finally, the best placed teams in the league qualify to the FIBA Americas League and the Liga Sudamericana.
Seasons.
2009.
The NBB inaugural season didn't have the participation of founding-members Iguaçu, Londrina, Ulbra/Rio Claro, and Uberlândia.
2009–10.
For the second NBB edition, the LNB confirmed the participation of 14 teams. Limeira and Bira-Lajeado could not keep their squads, thus did not join the season. On the other hand, Londrina joined the League, while an Araraquara/Palmeiras deal brought back to the national competition one of the most traditional Brazilian clubs.
2010–11.
The 15 teams from the previous season confirmed their participation. The third NBB edition also featured former national and South American champions Uberlândia, who managed to gather a strong squad sponsored by Brasília's former partner, Universo. After a one-year hiatus, Limeira returned to the League. Besides that, first-timers Rio Claro and Iguaçu joined as well.
2012–13.
For the first time, the NBB had eighteen participating teams, a record in the NBB's history. The three-time champion Brasília, came once again as the title favorite. But their greatest rival Flamengo, assembled a team to break this hegemony, and thus win the NBB after four years. Uberlândia emerged as one of the favorites for the title, as well as São José. The rookies were the teams of Suzano, Mogi das Cruzes, Palmeiras, and Basquete Cearense. Of the four, the only team to qualify for the playoffs was Basquete Cearense. The last two were Tijuca and Suzano. Suzano, due to financial difficulties, dismounted their team to the championship final, while Tijuca played a small promotion tournament with Fluminense and Macaé, respectively champion and runner-up of Supercopa Brasil de Basquete. In the playoffs, a surprise: the champions of the past three editions were eliminated in the quarterfinals by São José. In the semifinals, Flamengo eliminated São José 3–2, and Uberlândia swept Bauru by 3–0. The final, played in one game in Rio de Janeiro, was won by the super-team of Flamengo, who after four years, won their second title of the NBB.
2013–14 season teams.
Joinville (15th in 2012–13) and Tijuca (17th) did not entered for not having the prerequisites needed to compete in the competition, as well as Fluminense and Vitória Basquete.

</doc>
<doc id="21448391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448391" title="Survival of the Fittest (The Headhunters album)">
Survival of the Fittest (The Headhunters album)

Survival of the Fittest is the debut album by the Jazz/Funk quintet The Headhunters. The album was released by Arista Records in 1975. The album features the stand out track "God Make Me Funky", which has been sampled numerous times by prominent rappers. 
Labeled as "the best space-funk album" in the CD version, released by BMG France, in 2001.
A digipack that includes liner-notes in English and French. This CD version was digitally remastered from the original master tapes in 24-bit by Jean-Pierre Chalbos
Track listing.
All songs by Bennie Maupin, Bill Summers, Paul Jackson, Mike Clark and Blackbird McKnight.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="21448404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448404" title="Can You Rock It Like This">
Can You Rock It Like This

"Can You Rock It Like This" is a 1985 single by Run–D.M.C.. It is the second single from their album, "King of Rock". The lyrics were written by LL Cool J. The song was sampled for the song "Can You Move It Like This" by Baha Men without credit.

</doc>
<doc id="21448432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448432" title="Zhao Yongsheng">
Zhao Yongsheng

Zhao Yongsheng (; born April 16, 1970 in Jinzhou, Liaoning) is a retired male race walker from PR China. He competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21448433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448433" title="List of songs recorded by Free">
List of songs recorded by Free

This is a list of all songs performed by Free.
Songs recorded by Free.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21448436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448436" title="George Hill Detlor">
George Hill Detlor

George Hill Detlor (1794–1883) was a merchant and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented Lennox and Addington in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1836 to 1841 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Upper Canada, the son of John Detlor and Jerusha Simons, both United Empire Loyalists. He was educated by the Reverend John Strachan. Detlor married Maria Roblin, the sister of David Roblin. He lived first at Kingston, then later at Napanee and Brighton. Detlor served in the militia later becoming captain. He was a justice of the peace and coroner for the Midland District.

</doc>
<doc id="21448455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448455" title="Eccentric Club">
Eccentric Club

The Eccentric Club was the name of several London gentlemen's clubs, the best-known of which existed between 1890 and 1986. For much of its history it was based at 9–11 Ryder Street, St James's.
First Eccentric Club.
The first Eccentric Club had its roots in the Society of Eccentrics which existed from 1781 to the 1820s. They were an offshoot of The Brilliants and were described as a convivial Club who met at a tavern in Chandos Street, Covent Garden. They were later renamed into The Eccentric Society Club, meeting at Tom Ree's in May's Building, St. Martin's Lane, as well as several other addresses around Covent Garden until the Club was finally dissolved in 1846.
At May's Building they 'flourished at all hours' and among their members were many celebrities of the literary and political world; they were always treated with indulgence by the authorities. An inaugural ceremony was performed upon the making of a member, which terminated with a jubilation from the president. The books of the Club, up to the time of its removal from May's Buildings, are stated to have passed into the possession of Robert Lloyd, a hatter of The Strand who was well known in his day as a writer, inventor and keen appreciator of philosophy.
From 1781 through to 1846, the Eccentrics numbered upward of some 40,000 members, many of them holding high social position, such as Charles James Fox, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Lord Melbourne and Lord Brougham. On the same memorable night that Sheridan and Lord Petersham were admitted, Theodore Hook was also enrolled; and through this Club membership, he is believed to have obtained some of his high connections. In a novel published in numbers, F. W. N. Bayley sketched with graphic vigour the meetings of 'The Eccentrics' at the old tavern in May's Buildings.
Second Eccentric Club.
A second Eccentric Club, considered to be unrelated, was founded in 1858, and disbanded in 1881. It existed in the Leicester Square area.
Third Eccentric Club.
The third and longest-lived Eccentric Club was established by the theatrical costumier Jack Harrison on 21 November 1890 and disbanded in 1986. Immediately upon its foundation, it occupied the old premises of the Pelican Club in Denman Street, Soho. In 1893 it moved to 21 Shaftesbury Avenue. In 1914, the club moved to the former Dieudonné's Hotel at 9–11 Ryder Street, where it remained until its closure.
The club adopted the night-owl as its symbol. It was noted for the generosity of its members, who raised £25,000 for limbless soldiers during World War I, and every Christmas, Westminster's poor would queue up outside the Eccentric club for free meals.
Like many London clubs, it went through a period of financial hardship in the 1970s. The club closed its doors in 1984, ostensibly for a period of renovation, but was forced into liquidation in 1986.
In 1985, many of the club's membership were elected to the East India Club, where some of them continue to meet occasionally to this day in the American Bar which has a backward-running clock (a replica of the original which was once at the Eccentric Club). This is in keeping with numerous other London clubs of the nineteenth century which have lost their premises, but continue to meet as a society in an existing club; other examples include the Authors' Club now meeting in the Arts Club, the Portland Club meeting in the Savile Club, and the Canning Club now meeting in the Naval and Military Club. However, a considerable number of members refused to join the East India Club and instead joined the Royal Automobile Club and the Oxford and Cambridge Club, almost all members of the Eccentric Golfing Society went to the Ealing Golf Club.
Notable members.
The third Eccentric Club's members included
Current club.
A number of members of the old Club and some new enthusiasts from other London clubs, with a blessing of Lord Montagu, the last President of the old club, in August 2008 founded the Eccentric Club UK. In November 2008, the Club successfully secured the patronage of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, who was a Patron of the Eccentric Club between 1980 and 1986. Prince Philip has since dined twice with the club.
The re-founded club now has regular meetings at the Savile Club and the Oriental Club and has recently resumed its traditional annual activities, including a snooker match and cricket match with the Savile Club. The revived club has registered the words "Eccentric Club", "Nil Nisi Bonum" and the old club logo as own trademarks.
Continuity between the clubs.
Its committee claims to be able to prove continuity between the earlier Eccentric Clubs, and thus, claims a foundation date of 1781, although the Committee of the disbanded club and a number of authors claimed a foundation date of 1890.
On the other hand, a number of Victorian and Edwardian books and newspapers discussing the Eccentric Club in 1890 referred to the earlier Eccentric Clubs in London. In the only recorded interview with J.A.Harrison of the time, he also admits that the club is not new, although brought back in a new form and hence – established on 21 November 1890. At the Third Anniversary Dinner in 1893, J.A.Harrison "traced back its origin to the Eccentric Club of 1800, which included Sheridan Knowles... Mr Harrison explained that the white owl was the crest of the old club, and had been adopted by the present one". Before the Second World War, a list of most treasured possessions of the Eccentric Club included the "Ancient Book of the Eccentric Society" presented to the Club by S.J.Pallant. Similarly, there are references by Sir Charles Wyndham and other founding members to the earlier club they were reviving.
The Eccentric Club UK, founded in 2008 and claiming to maintain the traditions since 1781, is conducting an in-depth research of the Eccentric Club's history. Its Committee managed to uncover many previously-thought lost records and documents related to the 1780s–1860s and the 1890s–1940s. The last President of the old Eccentric Club, disbandoned in 1986, Lord Montagu of Beaulieu, has entrusted his personal archive of documents related to the old club to the committee.

</doc>
<doc id="21448457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448457" title="Starfucker">
Starfucker

Starfucker (sometimes stylized as STRFKR), briefly known as Pyramiddd, is an American electronic band from Portland, Oregon. Formed in 2007, the band was initially started as a solo project by Joshua Hodges.
History.
Members include Joshua Hodges aka Sexton Blake (vocals, keyboards, guitar, drums), Shawn Glassford (bass, keyboards, drums), Keil Corcoran (drums, keyboards, vocals), and Patrick Morris, formerly of Strength (guitar, keyboard, vocals). Hodges describes the goal of the band's music as "dance music that you can actually listen to, that's good pop songs, but also you can dance to it."
Prior to forming Starfucker, Hodges released a solo album titled "Sexton Blake" and followed up with an album released under the band name "Sexton Blake" entitled "Plays The Hits!" Both albums were released on Expunged Records. During this time Corcoran was the drummer for Vegas-based grindcore band The Weirding Way.
In 2010, Starfucker announced that they would be signing with Polyvinyl Records, releasing a two-song EP, and a full album in preparation for March 2011.
Samples from lectures by Alan Watts are featured in the intros or endings of several of their songs, including "Florida," "Isabella of Castile," "Medicine," "Pistol Pete," "Mystery Cloud," "Hungry Ghost," and "Quality Time".
On August 2, 2011, Starfucker announced that Ryan Biornstad would be leaving the band.
The band, notably bassist Shawn Glassford, has earned a reputation for wearing women's clothing during live performances. This was prominently displayed in the band's music video for the song "German Love," directed by Rebecca Micciche.
Use in other media.
Starfucker's song, "Rawnald Gregory Erickson the Second" (2008) was notable for its use in Target's "Pink Pepto" commercial in 2009 created by the Portland ad agency Wieden+Kennedy. The promotion was selected as the "AdWeeks" "Ad of the Day" on September 4, 2009. "Rawnald Gregory Erickson the Second" was also featured in the TV series "Weeds" in a scene where Andy and Audra are in a minivan, as well as their song "Boy Toy" in the final episode of the series (episode 12 of season eight). "Rawnald Gregory Erickson the Second" also recently was featured in the TV series "The Blacklist" near the end of episode 14 of season 1 in 2014.
Their song "Bury Us Alive" was featured in the 2012 film "Chronicle".
Starfucker's cover of Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" from "Jupiter" was featured in a Juicy Couture ad directed by Terry Richardson starring Candice Swanepoel in 2012, and in the pilot episode for the MTV series Faking It in 2014.
The song "Millions", off of the album "Reptilians", was played on the American version of the television show "Skins".
The song "Mona Vegas", off of the album "Reptilians", was played in the 2013 film "21 & Over".
"While I'm Alive", from the band's latest album "Miracle Mile" will be featured in the film adaptation of "The Fault in Our Stars".
Discography.
Albums
EPs
Singles
Other

</doc>
<doc id="21448477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448477" title="Amy Macdonald discography">
Amy Macdonald discography

The discography page of Amy Macdonald, a Scottish rock/folk singer and songwriter from Bishopbriggs, East Dunbartonshire. Her debut album, "This Is the Life," was released on 30 July 2007 and has sold more than 3 million copies, mainly in Europe. The album charted at number one on the UK Album Charts as well as various other European countries like Switzerland. Her second album "A Curious Thing" was released in March 2010.
Her first single, "Poison Prince", was released on 7 May 2007. Other singles released from "This is the Life," "Mr Rock & Roll" and the album's title track, were also successful, reaching the UK Top 40 Singles charts and enjoying success elsewhere in Europe, particularly Germany. "L.A." and "Run" did not chart on the UK Top 40 but were hits elsewhere in Europe.
Macdonald's second studio album, "A Curious Thing," was released in March 2010. The album's lead single, "Don't Tell Me That It's Over," was a modest hit in the United Kingdom, charting at forty-eight on the UK Singles Charts, but did better in Continental Europe, charting as high as six in Germany and two in Belgium. The second single, "Spark" failed to chart in the UK, but charted elsewhere in Europe. Further singles were released from the album which saw success in Europe. Macdonald released her third album, "Life in a Beautiful Light" was released in June 2012. The album's lead single, "Slow It Down" was a modest hit in the United Kingdom, charting at forty-five on the UK Singles Charts, it also charted in Austria, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="21448490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448490" title="Aleksandar Raković">
Aleksandar Raković

Aleksandar Raković (born 13 April 1968, in Niš, Nišava) is a retired male race walker from Serbia. He competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for Serbia and Montenegro, starting in 1996.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21448503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448503" title="Timus">
Timus

Timus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21448519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448519" title="High Tide at Noon">
High Tide at Noon

High Tide at Noon is a 1957 British drama film directed by Philip Leacock. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21448522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448522" title="Portsmouth Rugby Football Club">
Portsmouth Rugby Football Club

Portsmouth Rugby Football Club (PRFC) is a rugby union club located in Portsmouth, England.
History.
PRFC was formed in 1886 from an amalgamation of two of the leading seven local clubs in the Portsmouth area. The club grew strongly over the next 15 years with a crowd of 7000 attending their match with Devonport Albion RFC. However it suffered a considerable setback in 1901 when due to a cash crisis the club folded at the end of the season. The Club restarted in 1909 and began to attempt to retrieve its former status. After an enforced hiatus due to WW1 the club restarted slowly but developed over time with the club acquiring a permanent ground firstly at Paulsgrove and then moving to Rat Lane just behind their present location.
The club remained in this location until World War II when the club was stopped for the duration of the war. After the end of the hostilities Portsmouth was left with no ground, as Rat Lane had been taken over by the War Office, and found temporary accommodation at a pitch in Denmead with changing rooms being provided by the Fox and Hounds Public House.
It slowly rebuilt a good reputation and attracted a number of high level players including a future Welsh and an Irish International. Matches depended upon the generosity of the Local Council who provided a pitch at Alexandra Park.
In the mid 1950s the Local Council mooted a ground share on a 50/50 basis with Portsmouth Football Club at a location behind the Authority Central Depot which had previously been a greyhound track. However despite local volunteers' efforts to provide drainage to the site this was ultimately unsuccessful and the ground share never came about.
The club finally had a permanent clubhouse and two pitches in Copnor but due to drainage issues this was sold and the club became nomadic for the next few years with various bars doubling up as a clubhouse.
In 1965/6 the club moved to its current location at the rugby camp in Hilsea behind what had been its original ground in Rat Lane. A clubhouse was built by the members after considerable negotiation with the Ministry of Defence who owned the rugby camp at the time opening in 1975.
The current club.
PRFC now has 4 senior men's teams, a colts, a veterans team, a women's team (including U16) and a large and thriving junior and mini section.
Portsmouth's First XV are currently playing in London division 1 South.
The club is run from a purpose built clubhouse which opened in 2000 with full disabled access which is currently managed by royale caterers. There is also a junior club house on the same site.

</doc>
<doc id="21448532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448532" title="Early Graves">
Early Graves

Early Graves is a metal band from San Francisco, California that includes aspects of thrash and hardcore in their music. The band formed in 2007 from the ashes of tech metal band Apiary. They have toured the U.S. extensively with The Handshake Murders, Gaza, The Funeral Pyre and Unearth, amongst many others. Their debut album "We: The Guillotine" was released worldwide August 19, 2008 on Ironclad/Metalblade Records. On June 22, 2010, they released a second album, "Goner".
Accident.
Early on Monday, August 2, 2010, vocalist Makh Daniels was killed in a van accident while traveling from Oregon to Reno, Nevada.
Ironclad Recordings, who in June 2010 released Early Graves’ second full-length album titled "Goner", has issued the following statement:

</doc>
<doc id="21448558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448558" title="Sorcerer's Orb">
Sorcerer's Orb

The film is based on the 1814-1842 novel "Nansō Satomi Hakkenden" by Kyokutei Bakin.
Its sequels include:
Cast.
The fate of the Satomi Clan lies in the hands of 8 warriors of prophecy, each of
whom were born with a crystal orb. The monk, Daisuke, embarks on a journey to
find these warriors and reunite the 8 orbs they carry so that they may fulfill their
destiny. The original story was the signature work of Edo period author Takzawa
Bakin, called "Nanso Satomi Hakkenden". It was first published nearly 200 years
ago in 1815. "Nanso" in the title refers to an area that is today southern Chiba
Prefecture. Takizawa’s Tale combines stories of the Satomi Clan, an actual
family that controlled an area centered in southern Chiba from about 1450 until
the early Edo period, with elements from the Chinese story known as "Suikoden".
"Nanso Satomi Hakkenden" is a master-work that took Takizawa 106 volumes
and 28 years to complete

</doc>
<doc id="21448574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448574" title="David Thorburn (politician)">
David Thorburn (politician)

David Thorburn (1790 – November 1862) was a Scottish-born merchant and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented 3rd Lincoln in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1835 to 1844 as a Reformer.
He was born in Roxburghshire and came to Upper Canada in 1817. He served in the militia and was a justice of the peace for the Niagara District. After the election of John Johnston Lefferty in 1834 was appealed, Thorburn was declared elected in February 1835. He was reelected in 1836. He also served as warden for the Niagara District. Thorburn was a director of the Suspension Bridge Bank, which failed in 1844. He was later named Indian superintendent. He died at Queenston, Canada West.
He was the father of Dr James Thorburn.

</doc>
<doc id="21448591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448591" title="Florian Abrahamowicz">
Florian Abrahamowicz

Florian Abrahamowicz (born 7 April 1961), in Italian Floriano Abrahamowicz, is an Austrian-born priest who was formerly the Prior of the Society of St. Pius X in northeastern Italy. He was expelled from the Society in February 2009 for expressing numerous conspiracy theories, including Holocaust denial.
Early life and ordination.
Florian Abrahamowicz was born in Vienna, where his father, Alexander Abrahamowicz, was a Protestant pastor of Jewish background. Alexander's father, Jakob Abrahamowicz, had moved to Vienna from Pozorita/Pojorâta, Romania before Alexander's birth on 10 September 1926. 
Several members of that family, residents of Siret (Romania), were murdered during the Holocaust. Because of his mother, Maria Teresa Amantea an Italian pianist, Florian Abrahamowicz also has Italian citizenship. He is one of five siblings, three of whom became Catholic priests. The other two priests are not linked with the Society of St Pius X or any similar organization. 
One of them, Dom Johannes Paul Abrahamowicz, was prior (under-abbot) of the Benedictine Abbey of Saint Paul Outside the Walls from 2005 to 2009. He was webmaster of the ATLAS of the Benedictine Order OSB-International website until January 2008. At Saint Paul outside the Walls he composed the official hymn of the Pauline Year, and gave interviews on ecumenical aspects of the Year. In December 2009 he returned to his monastery in Austria.
An aunt, Elfriede Huber-Abrahamowicz (1922–2001) wrote poetry, stories, novels and philosophical treatises and lectured on the philosophy of feminism in Zürich.
Controversial pronouncement.
In 2001, Florian Abrahamowicz spoke at a ceremony in honour of those who died in support of Benito Mussolini's Italian Social Republic, fighting, he said, for motherland and religion, "innocent victims because their murderers belonged to no legitimate army", a reference to the partisans whom he described as "poor ignorant fellows fighting for what Pius XI called the perverse sect of communism".
Views.
Political views.
In 2006, he said in a television interview that he viewed Erich Priebke, a German SS officer convicted of war crimes for a 1944 massacre in Rome, in which 335 Italian civilians were killed in reprisal for the deaths of 33 German soldiers, not as an "executioner", but rather a soldier who acted "with regret and a heavy heart".
He is seen as unofficial chaplain of Italy's regional party Lega Nord. In 2007, Umberto Bossi, the leader of the party, accepted his invitation to his celebration of a Tridentine Mass and said there were affinities between his party and the followers of Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre.
In 2008, Cardinal Dionigi Tettamanzi of Milan deplored the lack of worship facilities for Muslims in that city. In December 2008, speaking on the weekly programme of Mario Borghezio's Padania Association on Radio Padania Libera (Radio Free Padania), Abrahamowicz attacked Cardinal Tettamanzi's views on the matter. He called on his listeners to put no trust in the Cardinal Archbishop, whom he called "the latest example of the infiltrators who try in every revolution - the English, the French, the Bolshevik and, now, the globalist - to subvert the Church from inside". He added: "Do not think that Tettamanzi represents the left wing of a Church led by the conservative Ratzinger, because in reality it is the whole Conciliar Church that is allied to those powerful forces that by Islamizing Europe aim at world domination in accordance with an anti-Christian design".
Religious views.
Just the evening before, on 4 February 2009, Abrahamowicz declared on television: "The Second Vatican Council was worse than a heresy ... Saint Pius X tells us that modernism is the main sewer of heresies. ... So I say that the Second Vatican Council is a main sewer".
Perhaps the most likely catalyst for the decision to expel Abrahamowicz was the sermon he preached twice on Sunday 25 January 2009, the day after the publication of the decree lifting, at their request, the excommunication of the four bishops of the Society of St. Pius X. Abrahamowicz denied that there had been any excommunication to lift, and said: "A traditionalist Catholic "cannot" ask for or accept such a decree". Quoting words of Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre, he declared:"Those who have "lifted" the pseudo-excommunication are "long since excommunicated. Why? Because they are modernists!" Being of modernist spirit, they have created a Church that is in conformity with the spirit of the world. For the person who gave orders for the insulting decree of "lifting" is Joseph Ratzinger, who continues unperturbed the modernist ecumenism of the Second Vatican Council, which he calls "a beacon we cannot renounce", thus incurring the excommunication Saint Pius X issued against the modernists. An excommunicate lifts a non-existent censure!"
In March 2010, after a Mass in Treviso, Italy, he publicly burned a volume of the documents of Vatican II.
Holocaust denial controversy.
In January 2009, in the midst of a worldwide controversy over Bishop Williamson's denial of the reality of the Holocaust, Abrahamowicz said he was not sure the Nazis had used gas chambers for anything other than disinfection, claimed that the number of six million Jews killed was derived from a number fired off by the head of the German Jewish community without knowledge of the facts, complained that the Holocaust had wrongly been exalted, by Jews in particular, above other genocides and said that the people of Israel "initially were the people of God, ... then became the people of deicide, and ... at the end of time will reconvert to Jesus Christ."
Flavio Tosi, an Italian Venetist, politician responded to the statements of Abrahamowicz as "unconceivable, unacceptable and monstrous", while his party colleague Luca Zaia told the press that "no revisionism is possible".
On 5 February 2009 the Italian chapter of the Society of St. Pius X issued a notification that from the following day Abrahamowicz was expelled from the Society "for serious disciplinary reasons": "Father Florian Abrahamowicz has for some time been expressing opinions differing from the official views of the Society of St. Pius X. The painful decision to expel him has become necessary in order to avoid having the image of the Society of St. Pius X further distorted with consequent harm to its work at the service of the Church."

</doc>
<doc id="21448599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21448599" title="Teşvikiye">
Teşvikiye

Teşvikiye is one of the four neighbourhoods (together with Maçka, Osmanbey and Pangaltı) within the Nişantaşı quarter of the Şişli district in Istanbul, Turkey. 
According to the 2000 census, the population of the neighbourhood was 11,598.

</doc>
