<doc id="21389226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389226" title="Duchesne High School (Utah)">
Duchesne High School (Utah)

Duchesne High School is a secondary school in Duchesne, Utah, USA, and is part of the Duchesne County School District. The school not only serves all of Duchesne City but also the communities of Bridgeland, Utahn, Strawberry, and Fruitland.
Name.
Duchesne High school is named after the city in which it resides and after the river that runs through the town. The river was probably named by trappers in the 1820s after Saint Philippine Duchesne.
Facilities.
The current structure was built in 2004-2005. The facility has two gymnasiums, one college sized basketball court and one smaller gymnasium left from the 1965 structure. English department with classrooms and separate writing lab. Science department with classrooms and separate lab. Utah State University provides onsite professors and distance education classes at the school so all students have the opportunity to graduate from high school with an Associates degree. Wood and metal shops. Auditorium, lunch room, and administrative offices.
Sports.
Duchesne High school colors are blue,white, and gray; the mascot is the eagle. Duchesne high school sponsors a men's football team, men's and women's basketball teams, men's wrestling, women's volleyball, as well as a track and field team and cross country team. Duchesne High competes in the 1A division of the UHSAA. Men's teams have won state titles in basketball (1989), football (2006, 2010, 2011, 2012), wrestling (1981, 2008), and track and field (1993, 2004, 2005, 2011, 2012). Duchesne has sponsored athletes that have achieved all-region, all-state, all-American, and even a finalist for the High School Heisman in 2007.
History.
1905 – Duchesne city has hosted grades 1–8 since 1905. 
1907-08 The first official school building was built.
1921- Ninth grade curriculum was added. More curriculum on the 10th grade level was added through the late 1920s.
1926 The original 1907 building was abandoned and a new Duchesne Public School was built that housed Kindergarten - 10th grades. 
1931 On May 17, 1931 the Duchesne Public school held a graduation ceremony for four students that composed the first senior class.
1936–1937 – After acquiring land on the corner of 200 West and 100 North, construction starts on a separate high school building in June 1936. Ground water issues caused problems with pouring the foundation but was alleviated by installing tiles and channeling the ground water to the basement of the 1912 building, where it was pumped out to the street. The high school was finished in the late fall of 1936 and final payment was made to the Tolboe and Tolboe company for construction. The 1907 structure was torn down and materials used to construct the 40' × 60' "Manual Arts building" just west of the new high school.
1965 100 North street was closed down between 200 West and 400 West and a gymnasium, class rooms, science labs, and administrative offices expanded the old 1935 structure and the old 1926 building was torn down that hosted the elementary school. A new elementary was built North of the new high school and is still in use today. The new high school building included science labs, classrooms, library, and a new gymnasium. The old track was moved to the west of the high school. 
1980~ – The old 1936 structure was torn down and replaced with a "wrestling" gymnasium, art room, wood and metal shop, more classrooms, and an auditorium. 
2004 – 200 West street was closed between Main street and 100 North street. Most of the 1965 structure was torn down, except for the gymnasium, and replaced by the current two-story structure. 
2011 – Houses along Main street and 300 west street were purchased and demolished to make way for the reconfiguration of the athletic field from an east–west configuration to a north–south configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="21389230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389230" title="Standard Flowgram Format">
Standard Flowgram Format

Standard flowgram format (SFF) is a binary file format used to encode results of pyrosequencing from the 454 Life Sciences platform for high-throughput sequencing. SFF files can be viewed, edited and converted with DNA Baser SFF Workbench (graphic tool), or converted to FASTQ format with sff2fastq or seq_crumbs.
Further reading.
NCBI reference for SFF format

</doc>
<doc id="21389237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389237" title="Torrens state by-election, 1994">
Torrens state by-election, 1994

The Torrens state by-election, 1994 was a by-election held on 7 May 1994 for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Torrens, centred in the inner north-eastern suburbs of Adelaide. This was triggered by the death of Liberal MHA Joe Tiernan on 31 March 1994, only four months after winning the seat at its first contest in the 1993 state election on a two-party vote of 56.22 percent.
Timeline.
Tiernan died, vacating the seat of Torrens.
Writ of election issued by Speaker of the House of Assembly.
Close of nominations and ballot paper order draw conducted.
Polling day, between the hours of 8am and 6pm.
Results.
The Democrats, Call to Australia, and Natural Law, who contested the previous election and gained 9.7 percent, 2.6 percent, and 1.9 percent respectively, did not contest the by-election. Labor won the seat from the Liberals.

</doc>
<doc id="21389251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389251" title="1937 Chicago Cardinals season">
1937 Chicago Cardinals season

The 1937 Chicago Cardinals season was their 18th in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 3–8–1, winning five games. Playing their first eight games on the road, they failed to qualify for the playoffs for the 12th consecutive season. 

</doc>
<doc id="21389255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389255" title="Bay Area Puma Project">
Bay Area Puma Project

The Bay Area Puma Project is the first major study of pumas (also called mountain lions or cougars) in the south San Francisco Bay Area. Launched in May 2008 in the Santa Cruz Mountains, the study is currently underway (in late 2009) with nine cats being tracked using GPS-accelerometer collars. This project is the first phase of a projected ten-year conservation effort to preserve and protect the Bay Area puma population. The study is being conducted by researchers at UC Santa Cruz in partnership with Felidae Conservation Fund, with coordination from the California Department of Fish and Game and California State Parks.
Background.
The puma is a close neighbor of many communities in the San Francisco Bay Area. In recent years, the rapid pace of development in the region has caused settled areas to expand into puma territory, resulting in more frequent human-puma encounters and creating serious challenges for habitat connectivity and the sustainability of the puma population. Moreover, because pumas are the top predator in the local ecosystem, a decline in the health of the puma population would affect the health of many other species and that of the ecosystem as a whole. In order to successfully address these challenges, greater understanding about the puma population is needed to enable more informed dialog among decision makers, so that the issues can be resolved effectively and healthy co-existence can be achieved between human communities and puma populations.
Research objectives.
The study is designed to reveal basic facts about the Bay Area's puma population, such as range, density, movement, feeding patterns, and the effects of roads and other human development. In addition, a novel feature of the study is an accelerometer on the collar that records precise data on activity and movement, measuring the acceleration behind each footstep. This feature will offer new insights into puma behavior and physiology, especially regarding interactions with habitat, prey, humans, and residential communities.
Conservation goals.
The information and insights gained from this study will help scientists and the public to better understand the critical role that pumas play in the region's natural ecosystem. The findings will be the basis for outreach and education programs that will help convince local communities and regional decision makers of the need to preserve habitats, stave off further extinctions, and promote healthy ways for humans to co-exist with wild cats.
Specific conservations goals that will be supported by the study include:

</doc>
<doc id="21389257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389257" title="Polyosma">
Polyosma

"Polyosma" is a genus of about 60 species of trees native to south-east Asia. They occur from China south through south-east Asia to the east coast of Australia, and also in New Caledonia.
Its taxonomic placement has long been uncertain: it was traditionally placed in Grossulariaceae, but in the APG II system it was given its own family, Polyosmaceae, which was unplaced as to order within the euasterids II (campanulids) clade. More recent research found Polyosmaceae to be a sister to the Escalloniaceae, so for simplicity's sake the Angiosperm Phylogeny Website now recommends the latter family be expanded to include this genus.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="21389283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389283" title="Karolina of Legnica-Brieg">
Karolina of Legnica-Brieg

Karolina of Legnica-Brieg (2 December 1652 – 24 December 1707) was the eldest daughter of Christian, Duke of Legnica-Brzeg-Wołów-Oława, and his wife, Louise of Anhalt-Dessau.
Life.
Youth.
Karolina was born in Brzeg as the first child of her parents. They gave her an unusual first name, which had never been given to another member of the Piast dynasty (and never was after her death). She was baptized on 1 January 1653. Her godfather was a senior member of the family, Duke George Rudolf of Liegnitz, but he was seriously ill at the time of her birth. He died thirteen days later on 14 January, so he was replaced during the ceremony by her paternal uncle, Louis IV of Legnica.
During her early years, Karolina, as an only child, witnessed the rule of her father. In 1653 after the death of Duke George Rudolf, her uncles George III and Louis IV, and her father Christian, together inherited Legnica and Brzeg, for one year as co-rulers, until they decided to divide their domains in 1654. In the division, Christian received the poorest parts of the Duchy, Wołów and Oława. However, in 1664, after the death of his only surviving brother, George III, Karolina's father united the whole Duchy of Legnica-Brzeg under his rule.
Christian and his wife raised their daughter as a Calvinist. On 29 September 1660, Duchess Louise gave birth to a son and heir, George William. Of the four children born to Karolina's parents, only she and George William survived infancy.
Marriage.
Duke Christian died on 28 February 1672 and was succeeded by his only surviving son, George William, who was placed under the regency of his mother. A few months later, Karolina married Frederick, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg. He was a great-great-grandson of King Christian III under the paternal line. The groom was from a Catholic family and served in the Imperial army as a Colonel Cuirassier. Karolina probably met him through a Jesuit close to her mother. Motivated by love rather than for dynastic reasons, she adopted the Catholic faith. On 4 July 1672 Karolina and Frederick married secretly and almost one year later, on 3 May 1673, the official wedding took place. On 12 January 1674 their only child, Leopold, was born. However, the marriage proved unsuccessful and with the consent of Emperor Leopold I in August 1680 they became formally separated. In accordance with the legal arrangement of the separation, their son remained under the custody of the father.
George William's death and last years.
On 21 November 1675, Karolina's brother George William, the last Piast ruler of Legnica-Brzeg, died underage and without male heirs. The Princess explored the possibility of succeeding him in his domains. However, the Emperor Leopold I, despite the fact that he was a Catholic, objected to her plans. Only by an Imperial decree, dated 14 September 1680, did she receive an annual salary of 6,000 talers during her lifetime (later, the sum was reduced to 4,000 talers). Karolina settled his residence in Wrocław, the old city of her ancestors. She lived there alone, leading a devout life and giving to charitable activities.
Death.
Karolina died on 24 December 1707 in Wrocław. Her heart was placed in a silver urn in the local church of St. Klara (in the chapel of St. Hedwig), and her body was buried in the monastery of Trzebnica. This happened against her mother's wishes, who before her own death in 1680 had prepared her place in the mausoleum of the Dukes of Legnica, called "Piasteum". In the place which was supposedly to contain Karolina's remains, only an empty place was left.
Legacy.
Leopold of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg, Karolina's only child, succeeded his father as duke when he died in 1724. He had five daughters from his marriage with Marie Elisabeth, daughter of Hans-Adam I, Prince of Liechtenstein:

</doc>
<doc id="21389287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389287" title="Judy Green (volleyball coach)">
Judy Green (volleyball coach)

Judy Green is an American volleyball coach. She is the former head coach of the volleyball team at the University of Alabama (1996–2010), and was formerly the head coach at the University of Montevallo from 1986-1995. She is a graduate of Tuscola High School in Waynesville, NC and of Western Carolina University in Cullowhee, NC where she lettered in 12 varsity sports, the only WCU athlete to ever do so.

</doc>
<doc id="21389297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389297" title="Neil McKinlay">
Neil McKinlay

Neil McKinlay (born April 25, 1981 in Langley, British Columbia) was a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers with the 33rd pick in the fourth round of the 2004 CFL Draft. McKinlay announced his retirement after six seasons with the Bombers, but was signed by the Lions after they had several players injured. He played CIS Football for Simon Fraser.
As of 2012, is a firefighter with the Winnipeg Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="21389299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389299" title="Loggerhead musk turtle">
Loggerhead musk turtle

The loggerhead musk turtle (Sternotherus minor) is a species of turtle native to the United States.
Geographic distribution.
The loggerhead musk turtle can be found in the states of Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Tennessee.
Description.
It gets its name from its unusually large head, compared to the common musk turtle ("Sternotherus odoratus"). Adults can be 8–13 cm (3-5 inches) in carapace length. Barbels are present on the chin only, not on the throat.
Habitat.
They live in clean freshwater habitats.
Subspecies.
Two subspecies are recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies.
"Sternotherus minor minor" (Agassiz, 1857)<br>
"Sternotherus minor peltifer" H.M. Smith & Glass, 1947

</doc>
<doc id="21389312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389312" title="Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron">
Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron

Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron (30 December 1631 – 13 April 1688) was the grandson of Thomas Fairfax, 1st Lord Fairfax of Cameron. His father was the Honourable Henry Fairfax, of York, and his mother was Lady Mary Cholmondeley.(1593-1649). 
He married Francis Barwick, and they had ten children:

</doc>
<doc id="21389321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389321" title="Rotational mouse">
Rotational mouse

A rotational mouse is a type of computer mouse which attempts to expand traditional mouse functionality. The objective of rotational mice is to facilitate three degrees of freedom (3DOF) for human-computer interaction by adding a third dimensional input, yaw (or Rz), to the existing "x" and "y" dimensional inputs. There have been several attempts to develop rotating mice, using a variety of mechanisms to detect rotation [http://www.cylo.com.au/research/3_DOF_Mouse_report_final.pdf].
Mechanisms to detect rotation.
Mechanisms using relative measures of rotation: These devices are able to detect that the mouse has rotated by so many degrees, but cannot accurately identify where the rotation started or ended, increasing their tendency to lose orientation.
• 2-balls or 2-sensors
In 1989 we saw the first mention of actually rotating objects on screen by rotating the mouse, with a US patent for a cursor display apparatus, US patent number 4,887,230. This led to a succession of refinements of the 2-ball / 2-sensor mouse concept. Notable examples include:
1. Multi-dimensional input device; US 5,298,919
2. Positioning device reporting X, Y and Yaw motion; US 5,477,237
3. Twin mouse digitizer; US 6,081,258
4. Pointing device having rotational sensing mechanisms; US 6,618,038
5. Multiple sensor device and method; US 6,847,353
Unlike the conventional mouse which senses z-axis and y-axis displacement only, these 2-ball or 2-sensor mice are also able to sense z-axis angular motion, calculated by the two sets of x-y displacement data [http://www.sigchi.org/chi97/proceedings/short-talk/sm2.htm].
• Mechanical ring & rotary encoder
Within these devices rotation is detected by a mechanical ring (US 5,936,612). This mechanism was promoted by the Canadian company Handview Inc; however it apparently never made it to production.
• Gyroscopes or accelerometers
US Patent 6,130,664, named Input Device was the first known application of gyros to a rotating mouse.
Mechanisms using absolute measures of rotation.
• Tablet/Digitiser Puck
The patent for an Absolute position controller, US 4,814,533, is the earliest know reference to this type of input device. However, it was the patent for an orientational mouse computer input system, US 5,162,781, which suggested using a tablet with a detectable pattern or grid and sensors in the puck for computer navigation.
The Wacom Intuos 4D Mouse puck was the first commercial rotating “mouse.” The product was not a standalone mouse but rather a tablet accessory.
• Compass
The Orbita mouse is the first commercially released non-tablet rotating mouse. Licensed and commercialized by Australian company Cyber Sport, the Orbita is equipped with a patented compass mechanism which solved the problems which plagued earlier rotating mechanisms. The inbuilt compass provides the mouse with ability to detect rotation based on the Earth’s magnetic field so that it can accurately maintain orientation once the ‘up’ direction is specified. The round design makes it completely rotatable, spinning freely on ball bearings, and is usable at any angle due to the ‘push and squeeze’ button configuration encased in a silicone soft shell. The mouse reports rotation as scroll wheel commands so compatible with most applications.
Due to the round shape the Orbita mouse is commonly confused as being similar to the original, circular USB iMac mouse. However, the two mice are functionally different, primarily because the iMac's mouse is not a rotating mouse. The Orbita, unlike the Puck mouse, is designed to be ergonomic, with the round shape lending practical aid to the mouse's spinning action, and is not a purely æsthetic trait.
Related devices.
• Rockin’ mouse: A 3D mouse that rocks, rather than rotates.
• 3D Controllers used as a complement for a mouse:
1. 3D Connexion Space Navigator : A USB motion controller for navigating 3D applications.
2. Spatial Freedom Astroid: A rotating orb input device used to move 3D graphics objects.
• Trackballs. For example, the Kensington Expert Mouse: A large track ball surrounded by a scroll ring.
• Gyroscopic mice:
1.Logitech Air mouse: A wireless mouse that can control a computer cursor by being moved through the air, equipped with media features.
2. Wii Remote: A motion sensing wand which is the primary controller for Nintendo’s Wii console.

</doc>
<doc id="21389335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389335" title="Miss Latin America 1998">
Miss Latin America 1998

Miss América Latina 1998 was the thirteenth international edition of the Miss América Latina contest, and the fifteenth overall. The final event was held on July 26, 1998 in Costa del Sol, El Salvador. At the conclusion of the pageant, Aline Resende of Brazil was crowned by outgoing titleholder, Jeannette Chávez of Costa Rica. Miss América Latina 1999 was renamed Miss América Latina 2000, so that the titles could be postdated (a trend that held until 2006). For that reason, Resende's title was extended to Miss América Latina 1998-99.

</doc>
<doc id="21389357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389357" title="Life Is Good (Gord Bamford album)">
Life Is Good (Gord Bamford album)

Life Is Good is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Gord Bamford. It was released on October 19, 2004 by GWB Records and distributed by Royalty Records. Six singles were released from the album: "Heroes," "My Heart's a Genius," "All About Her," "Life Is Good" and "I Would for You."
Critical reception.
Jared Majeski of "Canadian Online Explorer" gave the album a positive review. He calls the album "a very personal and intimate look into Bamford's life." He goes on to say that Bamford "sings about his parents, his past and his passions. With the recent birth of his first child, Bamford's life isn't just good - it's great."

</doc>
<doc id="21389375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389375" title="Salvia longispicata">
Salvia longispicata

Salvia longispicata is a perennial shrub native to southwestern Mexico, growing between 1,000-6,500 feet elevation. The specific epithet "longispicata" gives the impression that the plant has "long spikes", but instead refers to the many projecting clusters of short flowering spikes that resemble small ears of corn.
"Salvia longispicata" is a large, fast growing "Salvia", reaching 4-5 feet high and 3-4 feet wide in one season. While not particularly showy, it has unusual dark purple flowers and an upright habit—both qualities are valued by salvia hybridizers. The mid-green ovate leaves are many sizes, and connected to the petiole at the broader end. Small (less than .5 inch) dark purple flowers begin appearing in summer and bloom into late autumn. The pale green calyces are about the same length as the flower. The 6-8 inch inflorescences have tight whorls of flowers, which do not rise above the foliage as many other species of "Salvia" do.
In 1979 a spontaneous sterile hybrid was found at Huntington Botanical Garden that was believed to be from a cross between "Salvia longispicata" and "S. farinacea". It was introduced as the highly popular "Salvia farinacea" × "longispicata" 'Indigo Spires'. Other hybrids include "Salvia longispicata" × "farinacea" 'Mystic Spires Blue'.

</doc>
<doc id="21389388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389388" title="Elizabeth state by-election, 1994">
Elizabeth state by-election, 1994

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Elizabeth on 9 April 1994. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Labor MHA Martyn Evans, who moved to the federal seat of Bonython at the 1994 by-election. The seat, created at the 1969 redistribution and first contested at the 1970 state election, was held by Labor from 1970 until 1984, when Evans won it as an independent Labor candidate. In 1993, he rejoined the Labor Party.
Results.
The Labor opposition retained the seat despite a small two-party preferred swing.

</doc>
<doc id="21389394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389394" title="2004–05 ULEB Cup Regular Season Group A">
2004–05 ULEB Cup Regular Season Group A


</doc>
<doc id="21389410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389410" title="Wilhelm Reiss">
Wilhelm Reiss

Wilhelm Reiss (13 June 1838 – 29 September 1908) was a German geologist and explorer born in Mannheim. Along with Angel Escobar, he was the first person to scale Cotopaxi (1872), and with vulcanologist Alphons Stübel, he was the first to ascend Tungurahua (1873).
He initially took business courses in Antwerp, but his interest soon turned towards geology. In 1858-60 he performed scientific research in Madeira, the Azores and Canary Islands. He studied sciences at several German learning institutions, earning his doctorate in 1864 from the University of Heidelberg. In 1866, with Stübel and geologist Karl von Fritsch, he conducted research in Santorini.
In early 1868, with Stübel, he embarked on an exploratory trip to Hawaii. However, during a stopover in Colombia, the two men became fascinated with the Andes, and spent the next several years performing vulcanological, geological, ethnographical and archaeological research in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. In April 1876 Reiss returned to Germany from Rio de Janeiro, with Stübel continuing scientific investigations in Uruguay, Argentina, Chile and Bolivia.
From 1885 to 1887 he was director of the "Gesellschaft für Erdkunde zu Berlin" (Society for Geography in Berlin), and in 1888 became director of the "Berliner Gesellschaft für Anthropologie, Ethnologie und Urgeschichte" (Berlin Society for Anthropology, Ethnology and Prehistory). In 1892 he moved to Könitz, near the town of Saalfeld, where he died on 29 September 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="21389413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389413" title="Nahlin Plateau">
Nahlin Plateau

The Nahlin Plateau is a plateau in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located between the Sheslay River and Tuya River on the west and east and the Nahlin River and the Stikine River to the north and south. It is a subplateau of the Stikine Plateau; adjoining parts of the same larger plateau are the Taku Plateau to the northwest, the Tahltan Highland to the southwest and south, the Kawdy Plateau to the north, and the Spatsizi Plateau to the southeast. The Nahlin Plateau is the location of the Level Mountain Range and Heart Peaks, two small mountain ranges consisting of large shield volcanoes.

</doc>
<doc id="21389447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389447" title="List of reptiles of Florida">
List of reptiles of Florida

This is a list of reptiles which are found in the U.S. state of Florida. This list includes both native and introduced species. Introduced species are put on this list only if they have an established population (large breeding population, numerous specimens caught, invasive, etc.). Three out of the four orders of reptiles can be found in Florida, with the Tuatara order being absent. Though many sources has different amounts (due to introduced species), this lists 118 species, which is about right.
Testudines.
This order includes all the freshwater and sea turtles, as well as the land tortoises. Overall, 26 species can be found. Florida has many turtles, but only one species of tortoise.
Crocodilians.
There are officially 2 large species of Crocodilians and one introduced species found in Florida. They are the largest reptiles and the largest predators of the state. The Spectacled Caiman was introduced in the 1960s by pet traders who sold them privately as pets, but once the caiman matures they become aggressive towards their owners and would release them into the wild. These non-native species are found in four counties: palm beach, seminole, miami-dade, and broward. In these Southern Florida counties they are often found in or near urban areas. They are found in lakes and canals in the miami area and in swamps, but the caimans are also competing with Florida's native species.
Squamates (suborder Lacertilia).
The squamates are by far the largest reptile order. It is therefore divided into suborders. Lizards may be the most numerous reptiles in the state, though many species were introduced.
Squamates (suborder Serpentes).
This suborder includes all kinds of snakes. There are many snakes in Florida, some venomous and others non-venomous, and unlike lizards, nearly all are native. Two species are introduced, including the Burmese Python, which was introduced when Hurricane Andrew destroyed a holding facility full of imported snakes, and which created a huge media storm and fears it would become widely invasive, but this species has proven unable to withstand colder weather outside of extreme South Florida.
Squamates (suborder Amphisbaenidae).
This is the smallest and least known squamate suborder. It contains the wormlike amphisbaenids. Florida has one species.
Squamates (suborder Scleroglossa).
This is the largest and now best known squamate suborder. It contains the huge Anguimorpha, the monitor lizard, common to South Florida, especially the Everglades. Florida has now at least one species.
Sources.
Reptile Database
Florida Herpetology Center

</doc>
<doc id="21389452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389452" title="Michigan Conservation Officers">
Michigan Conservation Officers

Michigan Conservation Officers are conservation officers who are the enforcement branch of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources. Their primary duty is to enforce the environmental laws in the State of Michigan. Michigan Conservation Officers are fully commissioned peace officers and are empowered to enforce all the laws of the state of Michigan. 
The Michigan Conservation Officers work with local police departments, sheriff's departments, the Michigan State Police, the U.S. Coast Guard, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the U.S. Forest Service Law Enforcement Division and other state, federal, and foreign agencies.
History.
"Early Michigan citizens recognized the rich and vast natural treasures surrounding them and the need for their conservation and protection. The result was the nation's first salaried game warden, William Alden Smith, who was appointed in 1887.
Warden Smith was charged principally with appointing deputies for the enforcement of fish and game regulations. The mission of the DNR Law Enforcement Division has expanded substantially since Smith's appointment and now includes protection of all natural resources and the environment, as well as the health and safety of the public.
Today, "Conservation Officers" and other noncommissioned support staff direct their efforts to a wide array of responsibilities designed to support this broad mission. Enforcement, Education, Recreational Safety and Public Outreach represent some of the general categories of services.
Department Overview.
Structure.
Michigan Conservation Officers fall under the Law Enforcement Division of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources. Some states including Oregon and Alaska include environmental law enforcement under the Department of State Police. This allows resources to be combined and saves the states money by eliminating duplicate services. Combining the two departments also has some disadvantages. Most states don't combine the two departments. The Law Enforcement Division is broken down into a number of subsections. The subsections include: 
Personnel.
The Law Enforcement Division of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources has approximately 192 officers.
They are represented in collective bargaining by a union, the Michigan Conservation Officer Association.
The last time the Law Enforcement Division (LED) of the Michigan Department of Natural Resources held a recruit academy was in 2007. The academy concluded February 2007. At that time they added 14 new conservation officers.
Vehicles.
The conservation officers use the Chevrolet Silverado and Chevrolet Tahoe as patrol vehicles. They also use patrol boats that range in size when they patrol the Great Lakes, inland lakes, rivers, and streams. Other motorized vehicles used include snowmobiles and All Terrain Vehicles or (ATV).
Fallen Officers.
From 1908 to date the Michigan Conservation Officers have lost 12 officers in the line of duty. The sacrifice of these officers are customarily recognized on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial or at North American Game Warden Museum on the Jurisdictional Plaque. There are also individual memorials scattered around the state.
Training.
In January of 2014 the MDNR Law Enforcement Division commenced its first academy since 2007 with 31 recruits. This ended a nearly 7 year gap in recruit schools. During the gap, caused by budgetary issues, once an individual was selected for the position of Conservation Officer and the individual was not certified by MCOLES the MDNR paid the individual to complete the required MCOLES Academy. They then would complete the MDNR Environmental Law Enforcement courses. If the individual was MCOLES certified the individual would go through training courses focusing on Environmental Law Enforcement. 
Once selected by the Department of Natural Resources through a rigorous selection process the recruits go through an intense 22-week live in training period. The live-in training is held at the Michigan State Police training facility in Lansing. Once completed, the recruits are then fully commissioned conservation officers. After the training, the new officers will be assigned a field-training officer for 18 weeks at a variety of locations around the state. Once the probation period is completed, the officers will be assigned to one of the 83 counties in Michigan. Michigan Conservation Officers are certified by the Michigan Commission on Law Enforcement Standards or MCOLES. [http://www.michigan.gov/dnr/0,1607,7-153-42199-45375--,00.html]
Other.
MDNR Report All Poaching Hotline RAP 1-800-292-7800

</doc>
<doc id="21389464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389464" title="God's Green Earth">
God's Green Earth

"God's Green Earth" is the first studio album by Canadian country music artist Gord Bamford. It was released in January 2001 by GWB Records and distributed by Royalty Records. Five songs were released from the project - "God's Green Earth," "24 x 24," "Where a Cowboy Likes to Roam," "Man of the House" and "Classic Country Song."
Critical reception.
Fish Griwkowsky of "Canadian Online Explorer" gave the album a positive review. He said that Bamford has "put out a good album, one which can honestly be called country music." He calls the song "24 x 24" an obvious hit and states that Bamford sounds "alive and energetic." He goes on to say that he "wastes a little time on the ballads, a fact of life in this business, but uses the talented Duane Steele to certain advantage as the songwriter on "Starting All Over Again". Peter North of "Edmonton Journal" gave the album a positive review. He said that "if you didn't have a clue who this rugged looking singer and sometime songwriter was, all you would have to do is take a quick glance down the back cover of his God's Green Earth disc to understand that he's been plugged into the scene. For instance, names like Duane Steele, Gil Grand, Ray Griff and Steve Fox (not to mention Vernon Rust, Byron Hill and Odie Blackmon) are prominent on the songwriting credits, and none of those gentlemen hand their material over to just anyone."

</doc>
<doc id="21389466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389466" title="New Plymouth (disambiguation)">
New Plymouth (disambiguation)

New Plymouth may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21389469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389469" title="Fairchild J44">
Fairchild J44

The Fairchild J44 was a small turbojet developed in the 1940s by the Fairchild Engine Division.
Design and development.
The Fairchild Engine Division (previously the Ranger Aircraft Engine Division of the Fairchild Engine & Aircraft Corporation) began development of the J44 in 1947. It was used in target drones, missiles, and as jet boosters on several aircraft types.

</doc>
<doc id="21389472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389472" title="Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron">
Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron

Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron (16 April 1657 – 6 January 1710 N.S.) was an English politician.
Life.
Fairfax was the great-grandson of Thomas Fairfax, 1st Lord Fairfax of Cameron. His father was Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, and his mother was Francis Barwick. 
Fairfax graduated from Magdalen College, Oxford, in 1675. In 1688, he was Colonel of the Yorkshire Militia, under Sir Thomas Osborne, Earl of Danby. In 1690 and 1695, he was a member of Parliament as a Tory and Court supporter.
In 1704 Fairfax obtained from Queen Anne a patent to search for wrecks and treasure in the West Indies, exclusive for three years. A company was formed, and three salvage vessels were sent. But the expedition was a financial failure. In 1707 he was in parliament again, elected for Yorkshire in a by-election. But the 1707 Act of Union disqualified him as an MP, since Scottish peers could no longer be in the House of Commons.
Family.
In 1685, Fairfax married Catherine Colepepper, daughter of Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper, and they had seven children: Thomas Fairfax, Henry Colpepper Fairfax, Katherine Fairfax, Margaret Fairfax, Frances Fairfax, Mary Fairfax, Robert Fairfax.

</doc>
<doc id="21389485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389485" title="Unknown Soldier's Square">
Unknown Soldier's Square

Soldier's Square or Square of the Unknown Soldier ( "Midan al-Jundi al-Majhool") is a city square in Gaza City, situated along Omar Mukhtar Street in the Rimal district. It is currently a large public garden popular with unemployed Gazans during the day and promenading families in the evenings. 
History.
Soldier's Square receives its name from an unknown native Palestinian Arab soldier ("feda'i") who died during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War and was buried at the site. Prior to Israel's occupation of Gaza in 1967, the center of the site bore a statue pointing north to the rest of Palestine commemorating the soldier. It was pulled down by Israeli authorities and until the 1990s, Soldier's Square was a patch of sand with a white plinth (remnant of the statue) in the center. A public garden was later developed at the site with financial help from Norway, along with a coffeehouse serving visitors to the square.

</doc>
<doc id="21389497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389497" title="SS Mopang">
SS Mopang

Mopang was a Sub Boats type (EFC Design 1023) cargo steamship built in 1920 by the Submarine Boat Co shipyard in Newark, New Jersey owned by Electric Boat Company /later General Dynamics/. The ship was produced as part of a special program of the US Shipping Board that provisioned 150 identical ships to compensate for the losses from the war. The vessel sank on July 1, 1921 after hitting a mine near the port of Burgas.
The wreck lies largely intact on its starboard side at a depth between and of water. Height from the bottom is . The main damage from the explosion is to the bow section of the ship. Clearly discernible are the superstructures, parts of the funnel and deck. The holds and some of the cabins are freely accessible. Parts of the cargo – a heap of boots, wooden boxes with spare parts, etc. are visible in the holds. The screw with a diameter of around three meters and the stern hoist are in place. The anchor chain slides along the hull and sinks into the silt on the bottom. Probably the anchor came loose at the time of sinking and wound itself about the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="21389521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389521" title="Andrew Wylie (judge)">
Andrew Wylie (judge)

Andrew Wylie (February 25, 1814 - August 1, 1905) was a United States federal judge.
Born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, Wylie was the eldest son of Andrew Wylie first president of Indiana University. Wylie attended Transylvania University and the University of Indiana, graduating from the latter in 1832. He read law to enter the bar in 1837, and was in private practice in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1837 to 1848, serving at some point on the Pittsburgh City Council and acting in 1845 as Pittsburgh city attorney. In 1848, he moved his practice to Alexandria, Virginia until about 1861, and thereafter to Washington, D.C. until 1863.
He received a recess appointment from President Abraham Lincoln on March 18, 1863, to a new seat on the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (then called the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia) created by 12 Stat. 762. He was formally nominated to the seat on January 5, 1864, and on January 20, 1864 he was confirmed by the United States Senate and received his commission. He retired from the bench on May 1, 1885, and resumed private practice until his death in Washington, D.C. in 1905, at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="21389528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389528" title="To Venus in Five Seconds">
To Venus in Five Seconds

To Venus in Five Seconds: An Account of the Strange Disappearance of Thomas Plummer, Pillmaker is a science fiction satire written by Fred T. Jane, the author of the original "Jane's Fighting Ships" and the founder of what would in time become the Jane's Information Group. Published in 1897, the novel pokes fun at several of the main sub-genres of speculative fiction that had become popular in the final years of the nineteenth century.
In one aspect of his multifarious career, Jane spent much of the 1890s illustrating popular novels of speculative fiction, including Edgar Fawcett's "Hartmann the Anarchist" (1893) and books by George Griffith. When he turned to writing his own novels, Jane parodied the types of fiction he illustrated — what were then called "scientific romances," and the novels of future war that were such a characteristic feature of popular literature in Britain in the decades before World War I — books like Griffth's "The Angel of the Revolution" (1893) and "Olga Romanov" (1894). The title of Jane's book both pokes fun and alludes to other works of romances of travel like Jules Verne's "From The Earth To The Moon, Direct Course In 97 Hours 20 Minutes" (1865), Around The Moon (1870), "Around The World In Eighty Days" (1873), and their imitations.
Synopsis.
The hero of Jane's story is a superb physical specimen of English manhood named Thomas Plummer. He is being sent to medical school by his father, a medical entrepreneur (pill manufacturer) — despite the fact that the younger Plummer is, well, not very bright. At medical school Plummer meets a young, dark-skinned woman called Miss Zumeena. The young woman invites him to tea, which takes place in her summer house (which is oddly full of machinery). A few seconds later, she informs the young Englishman that he is now on Venus. The machinery in Zumeena's gazbo operates a matter transmitter that allows almost instantaneous transport between the two planets.
(This constitutes "One of the earliest uses of the matter transmitter for interplanetary travel" in science fiction. Jane does not spend much effort on explaining how a matter transmitter might actually work; the technology is merely a given, like the titular device in H. G. Wells's "The Time Machine" of 1895.) 
Closer to the Sun than Earth, Venus is hot and jungle-covered; the glare of the Sun both blinds the eyes and affects the mind. The planet is inhabited by two developed species, the human Sutenraa and the decidedly non-human Thotheen. Zumeena is a Sutenraa, a people from Central America via ancient Egypt, which are closely related in Jane's imaginary domain. (This incorporates another sub-genre of fantastic fiction of Jane's era, books on Egypt, the pyramids, and related matters.) These highly-advanced ancients developed a matter transmitter in their distant past, and used it to travel back and forth between the pyramids of Egypt and Central America; in the process they sometimes found themselves on Venus, apparently due to interference with the similar matter transmitter technology of the Thotheen. The latter are the dominant indigenous species of the planet; Jane both describes and draws Thotheen as a cross between a small elephant and a large horse-fly.
Some of the Central-American/Egyptians settled on Venus to form a growing human community; they often served as physicians to the Thotheen. At the time of Plummer's arrival on Venus, the long co-existence between the two species is breaking down; Zumeena predicts that conflict will soon erupt between them, which the Thotheen will win due to their superior intelligence. Plummer also learns that he has been brought to Venus as a subject for vivisection, because of his excellent physique. Zumeena has taken a fancy to him, though; she makes romantic advances to him, which he spurns. She reluctantly consigns him to vivisection (though she allows him the option of anesthesia).
Plummer meets two other English people on Venus, a young woman named Phyllis Alson and a clergyman. He and Phyllis quickly fall in love; the convenient clergyman marries them. War breaks out, first a civil war among the Thotheen and then the conflict between the Thotheen and Sutenraa anticipated by Zumeena. Plummer and Phyllis escape to Earth with Zumeena (the clergyman is by now dead) via matter transmitter; they land on the pinnacle of the Great Pyramid at Giza. There, Plummer finds one of his father's agents stenciling an advertisement in white paint. The young English couple return home, while Zumeena goes south to become a "goddess" for some primitive people. This is a reference to another popular sub-genre of Victorian fantastic fiction, the "lost world" or "lost race" stories like H. Rider Haggard's "She" (1886) and its many imitations.
"To Venus in Five Seconds" has been called "The most readable and entertaining of Jane's books." Jane wrote other works of speculative fiction, notably "The Incubated Girl" (1896) and "The Violet Flame" (1899).

</doc>
<doc id="21389538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389538" title="Phil Brassington">
Phil Brassington

Phillip Brassington (born 19 April 1970, in Canberra, Australia) is an Australian right-handed pitcher.
After a year of college baseball with the Lamar University Cardinals, Brassington was drafted by Kansas City Royals in 5th Round (133rd overall) of 1993 amateur entry draft and played the 1993 season with the Eugene Emeralds as a starting pitcher where he finished with a season ERA of 2.42.
For ten years, Brassingtons professional career was plagued by elbow, shoulder and rotator cuff injuries, but still managed to make the 1999 and 2000 US Northern League All-Star teams and play in the Australian Baseball League on and off throughout its existence. He also debuted for the Australian national baseball team in 1996. Brassington played his last full season of professional baseball until 2003 with Allentown in the independent Northeast League.
After Brassington tore his labrum in half, he was told his pitching career may be over. However, instead of giving away his career, Brassington worked on his knuckleball to keep him in the sport and after tinkering with it in a year of local club ball with Tuggeranong Vikings in Canberra, Brassington was selected for the 2006 World Baseball Classic and pitched against Venezuela.
Brassington wasn't selected for the 2009 World Baseball Classic, however he played for Australia Provincial in Claxton Shield 2008 and South Australia in Claxton Shield 2009.
Brassington played for the Canberra Cavalry in the 2011–12 ABL season and plays locally for the Tuggeranong Vikings in Canberra.
Brassington made one appearance in the 2012–2013 ABL season for the Perth Heat against the Cavalry.

</doc>
<doc id="21389542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389542" title="Norwegian Ibsen Award">
Norwegian Ibsen Award

The Norwegian Ibsen Award (Norwegian: "Ibsenprisen") is awarded to promote Norwegian drama and is awarded only to playwrights. The prize is awarded by Skien municipality, the hometown of playwright Henrik Ibsen, and has been awarded every year since 1986. 
The prize is awarded to a Norwegian playwright who has published a new work in the past year which has been produced by a professional theater, radio theater, or on television. It may also be awarded for the cumulative work in authoring dramatic works. 
Formerly, the prize was awarded annually in Skien on March 20th, in commemoration of the birthday of Henrik Ibsen there. Since 2008 it has been awarded in September at the International Ibsen Conference held in Skien, together with the newly established International Ibsen Award, first awarded to the British playwright Peter Brook.
Since 2005 the prize has consisted of a monetary award of 150,000 kroner and a statuette of Ibsen designed by Nina Sundby. 
The jury consists of six members, one from each of these organizations: 

</doc>
<doc id="21389553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389553" title="Debreceni Vadkakasok">
Debreceni Vadkakasok

Debreceni Vadkakasok was a professional basketball team in Debrecen, Hungary. The team participated in Korać Cup twice and in ULEB Cup once.

</doc>
<doc id="21389585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389585" title="List of South Australian state by-elections">
List of South Australian state by-elections

This is a list of by-elections and scheduled by-elections for the South Australian House of Assembly.
A by-election may be held when a member's seat becomes vacant through resignation, death or some other reasons. These vacancies are called casual vacancies.
Gains for the Australian Labor Party are highlighted in red; for the Liberal Party of Australia and its predecessors in blue; and others in grey. 

</doc>
<doc id="21389600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389600" title="Philip Harper">
Philip Harper

Philip, Phillip, or Phil Harper may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21389618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389618" title="Cedric C. Smith">
Cedric C. Smith

Cedric Crawford "Pat" Smith (March 12, 1895 – April 23, 1969) was an American football fullback who played for the University of Michigan (1915–1916), the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, and the Buffalo All-Americans (1920–1921, 1923). He was either the second or third leading scorer in the inaugural season of the NFL (then known as the American Professional Football Association).
Early years.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Smith moved with his family to Bay City, Michigan, where he attended high school.
University of Michigan.
In 1914, Smith enrolled at the University of Michigan and played on the Michigan Wolverines freshman football team. Smith was a standout on the freshman team, being compared with Michigan State star George "Carp" Julian: "Smith weighs 190. He rips up the line in about the same manner as the Aggie terror." As a sophomore in 1915, Smith started five games at fullback. As a junior in 1916, he started seven games at fullback. Michigan's legendary coach, Fielding H. Yost, said of Smith: "Pat was a brilliant player ... fast, brainy and an excellent punter and passer. I would call him an all-around star. He was unfortunate in being injured on a number of occasions, but the following Saturday he was usually ready to put on another stellar performance." After the 1916 season, Smith's teammates selected him as captain of the 1917 Michigan football team. 
Smith was also a member of the Michigan track and field team in 1916, 1917 and 1919. He won the Big Ten Conference shot put title in 1919.
World War I.
After submarines sank seven U.S. merchant ships and the publication of the Zimmermann Telegram, the United States declared war on Germany on April 6, 1917. Even before the formal declaration of war, Smith enlisted with the Ann Arbor naval reserves and by the end of April 1917, he was reported to be "somewhere in the east" serving his country. In honor of Captain Smith's actions, the Michigan football team voted to preserve his status as captain of the 1917 team, even though he spent the fall at the Great Lakes Naval Training Station. For the first time in the history of football at Michigan, the team had no active captain. 
At the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, Smith was assigned to play on the unit's football team with other leading football players who were enlisted in the Navy. Smith was the captain and fullback for the Great Lakes team, a squad that beat the University of Iowa 14-7. For Thanksgiving, a special all-star match was played at Stagg Field in Chicago between players who were serving in the Army and Navy. Smith was the leader of the Navy team that defeated the Army 27-0. Newspaper accounts of the game report that Smith played a "brilliant game," as he "smashed his way over for two touchdowns."
With most of college football's top performers in the military service, Walter Camp did not select an All-American team in 1917. Instead, he selected an All-America Service team and named Smith as the fullback on that team.
After the war, Smith returned to Michigan where he received his degree in 1919.
Professional football.
Smith played professional football for Masillon Tigers in 1919 and for the Buffalo All-Americans in the fledgling National Football League (then known as the American Professional Football Association) from 1920–1921 and 1923. In 1920, the first season of the NFL's existence, Smith led Buffalo with four touchdowns. Though individual records from the 1920 NFL season are difficult to verify, sources indicate that Smith's 24 points placed him as either the second or third leading scorer in the league. In 1921, Buffalo's backfield included Smith at fullback, Elmer Oliphant at halfback, Ockie Anderson, and Tommy Hughitt at quarterback. With what was said to be the best backfield in the league, Buffalo finished in first place in 1921, compiling a 9-1-2 record and outscoring opponents 211-29. In November 1921, Buffalo played a game at Chicago's Cub Park in front of a large crowd, including "scores of Michigan men" who yelled for former Wolverine favorites, Smith and Hughitt. Smith played in only one NFL game after the 1921 season, a single game for Buffalo in 1923.
Later years.
In 1943, Smith was working at Ford Motor Company's Rouge plant in Detroit. At the time, the United Press reported on the assemblage of football greats who were then working at the plant, including Smith, Jim Thorpe, Harry Newman, Chuck Bernard, Jack Blott and Stan Fay. 
Smith died in 1969 at age 74.

</doc>
<doc id="21389619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389619" title="British Latin">
British Latin

British Latin or British Vulgar Latin was the Vulgar Latin spoken in Great Britain in the Roman and sub-Roman periods. While Britain formed part of the Roman Empire Latin became the principal language of the elite and in the Romanized southern and eastern parts of the island. However, it never fully replaced the Brittonic language of the indigenous Britons, especially in the less Romanized north and west. In recent years, scholars have debated the extent to which British Latin was distinguishable from its continental counterparts, which developed into the Romance languages.
With the end of Roman rule, Latin was displaced as a spoken language by Old English in most of what became England during the Anglo-Saxon settlement of the fifth and sixth centuries. It survived in the remaining Celtic regions of western Britain until about 700, when it was replaced by the local Brittonic languages.
Background.
At the inception of Roman rule in AD 43, Great Britain was inhabited by the indigenous Britons, who spoke the Celtic language known as Brittonic. "Britannia" became a province of the Roman Empire and remained part of the empire for nearly four hundred years until 409, spanning at its height in 160 the southern three-quarters of the island of Britain. 
Historians often refer to Roman Britain as comprising a "highland zone" to the north and west of the country and a "lowland zone" in the south and east, with the latter being more thoroughly Romanized and having a Romano-British culture. Particularly in the lowland zone, Latin became the language of most of the towns-people, of administration and the ruling class, the army, and, following the introduction of Christianity, the church; Brittonic remained the language of the peasantry, which was the bulk of the population; and the rural elite were probably bilingual. In the highland zone, there was only limited attempts at Romanization, and Brittonic always remained the dominant language.
Throughout much of western Europe, from Late Antiquity, the Vulgar Latin of everyday speech developed into locally distinctive varieties which ultimately became the Romance languages. But in Britain, following the end of Roman rule in the early 5th century, Vulgar Latin died out as an everyday spoken language. The time by which Vulgar Latin died out as a vernacular in Britain, and the nature and distinctiveness of British Latin before it did so, have been points of scholarly debate in recent years.
Sources of evidence.
An inherent difficulty in evidencing Vulgar Latin is that, as an extinct spoken language form, no source provides a direct account of it. There is, therefore, reliance on indirect sources of evidence such as "errors" in written texts and regional inscriptions. These are held to be reflective of the everyday spoken language. Of particular linguistic value in this regard are private inscriptions made by ordinary people, such as epitaphs and votive offerings, and "curse tablets" (small metal sheets used in popular magic to curse people). 
In relation to Vulgar Latin specifically as it was spoken in Britain, Kenneth H. Jackson put forward in the 1950s what became the established view, which has only relatively recently been challenged. Jackson drew conclusions about the nature of British Latin from examining Latin loan-words which had passed into the British Celtic languages. From the 1970s John Mann, Eric P. Hamp and others used what Mann called "the sub-literary tradition" in inscriptions to identify spoken British Latin usage. In the 1980s Colin Smith used stone inscriptions in particular in this way, although much of what Smith has written has become out of date as a result of the large amount of Latin inscriptions found in Britain in recent years. The best known of these are the Vindolanda tablets, the last two volumes of which were published in 1994 and 2003, but also include the Bath curse tablets, published in 1988, and other curse tablets found at a number of other sites throughout southern England from the 1990s onwards.
Evidence of a distinctive language variety.
Kenneth Jackson argued for a form of British Vulgar Latin, distinctive from continental Vulgar Latin. In fact, he identified two forms of British Latin: a lower-class variety of the language not significantly different from continental Vulgar Latin and a distinctive upper class Vulgar Latin. This latter variety, Jackson believed, could be distinguished from continental Vulgar Latin by 12 distinct criteria. In particular, he characterised it as a conservative, hypercorrect "school" Latin with a "sound-system was very archaic by ordinary Continental standards". 
In recent years, research into British Latin has led to modification of Jackson's fundamental assumptions. In particular, his identification of 12 distinctive criteria for upper class British Latin has been severely criticised. Nevertheless, although British Vulgar Latin was probably not substantially different from the Vulgar Latin of Gaul, it is likely that over a period of 400 years of Roman rule, British Latin would almost certainly have developed distinctive traits. This and the likely impact of the Brittonic substrate means that a specific British Vulgar Latin variety most probably did develop.
However, if it did exist as a distinct dialect group, it has not survived extensively enough for diagnostic features to be detected, despite much new sub-literary Latin being discovered in England in the 20th century.
Extinction as a vernacular.
It is not known when Vulgar Latin ceased to be spoken in Britain, but it is likely that it continued to be widely spoken in various parts of Britain into the fifth century. In the lowland zone, Vulgar Latin was replaced by Old English during the course of the fifth and sixth centuries, whereas in the highland zone, it gave way to Brittonic languages such as Primitive Welsh and Cornish. But there have been a variety of views amongst scholars as to when exactly it died out as a vernacular, a question that has been described as "one of the most vexing problems of the languages of early Britain."
Lowland zone.
In most of what was to become England, the Anglo-Saxon settlement and the consequent introduction of Old English appears to have caused the extinction of Vulgar Latin as a vernacular. The Anglo-Saxons, a Germanic people, spread westward across Britain in the fifth to seventh centuries, leaving only Cornwall and Wales in the southern part of the country and Hen Ogledd in the north under British rule. The demise of Vulgar Latin in the face of Anglo-Saxon settlement is very different from the fate of the language in other areas of western Europe subject to Germanic migration, for example France, Italy and Spain where Latin and the Romance languages continued. The likely reason is that in Britain there was a greater collapse in Roman institutions and infrastructure, leading to a much greater reduction in the status and prestige of the indigenous romanized culture: this meant that the indigenous population was more likely to abandon their languages in favour of the higher status language of the Anglo-Saxons.
There are, however, sporadic indications of its survival amongst the Celtic population. Pockets of spoken Latin may have survived as isolates amongst the Anglo-Saxons. As late as the 8th century the Saxon inhabitants of St Albans near the Roman city of Verulamium were aware of their ancient neighbour, which they knew alternatively as "Verulamacæstir" (or, under what H. R. Loyn terms "their own hybrid", "Vaeclingscæstir", "the fortress of the followers of Wæcla") interpretable as a pocket of Romano-Britons that remained within the Anglo-Saxon countryside, probably speaking their own local neo-Latin.
Highland zone.
Prior to the end of Roman rule, Brittonic had remained the dominant language in the highland zone. However, the numbers of speakers of Vulgar Latin were significantly, but temporarily, boosted in the fifth century by the influx of Romano-Britons from the lowland zone fleeing the Anglo-Saxons. These refugees are traditionally characterised as being "upper class" and "upper middle class". Certainly, Vulgar Latin maintained a higher social status than Brittonic in the highland zone into the sixth century. 
Although Latin therefore continued to be spoken by many of the British elite in western Britain, by about 700 it had died out. The incoming Latin-speakers from the lowland zone seem to have rapidly assimilated with the existing population, and adopted Brittonic. The continued viability of British Latin may have been negatively affected by the loss to Old English of the areas where it had been strongest: the Anglo-Saxon conquest of the lowland zone may have indirectly ensured that Vulgar Latin would not survive in the highland zone either. This assimilation to Brittonic appears to have been the exact opposite to the situation in France, where the collapse of towns and migration of large numbers of Latin-speakers into the countryside apparently caused the final extinction of Gaulish.

</doc>
<doc id="21389649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389649" title="The Pluto Files">
The Pluto Files

"The Pluto Files: The Rise and Fall of America's Favorite Planet" is a book written by astrophysicist and Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson. The book is about Pluto, which was demoted to the status of dwarf planet in August 2006 by the International Astronomical Union, thereby relinquishing it of its planet-hood. The book also focuses on the fact that many Americans rallied their support for this icy dwarf on the edge of the Solar System because it was discovered by an American.
The book was given a good review by Jon Stewart in a guest segment with Tyson on The Daily Show. During the interview, Stewart humorously lauded the book as "the most exciting book about Pluto you will ever read in your life," as well as "the compelling story of how destroyed Pluto's life."
The book explains in full detail the journey of Pluto's life from its days as Planet X, to its discovery in the early 20th century and all the way to its current title as a Trans-Neptunian object.

</doc>
<doc id="21389664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389664" title="Raquel Argandoña">
Raquel Argandoña

Raquel Eliana Argandoña de la Fuente (December 5, 1957 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean former beauty pageant contestant, TV presenter, actress and mayor of Pelarco. She is best known for her role as the La Quintrala in the 1986 TV mini-series of the same name. Raquel Argandoña was also the 1975 Miss Universo Chile. Raquel is the mother of the actress-singer Raquel Calderón.
Electoral Resume.
Municipal Elections 1996.
Pelarco's mayoralty
Municipal Elections 2000.
Pelarco's mayoralty
Municipal Elections 2004.
San Joaquín's mayoralty

</doc>
<doc id="21389691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389691" title="Vienna Biennale">
Vienna Biennale

The Vienna Biennale is a biannual international art exhibition that takes places in Vienna, Austria. It was founded in 2006.
History.
The first Vienna Biennale was held in October 2006. 
The office of the Chancellary of Austria issued a news release:
The Biennale liaised with established galleries, as well as cultural institutes and artists' studios, alongside less conventional locations. 
The second Biennale showed a juxtaposition of minimal art and new media art, in collaboration with the Slovenian Cultural Institute and the Italian Cultural Institute. There were also public installations, such as films shown on billboards in the city, with a view to providing more democratic access to the arts.

</doc>
<doc id="21389693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389693" title="Hsinchu Campaign">
Hsinchu Campaign

The Hsinchu Campaign (11 June – 2 August 1895) was an important military campaign during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan (1895). The Japanese capture of Hsinchu on 22 June 1895 was succeeded by several weeks of intense guerilla activity, and marked the emergence of a significant Formosan resistance movement to the Japanese invasion.
Background.
The Japanese had hoped that their occupation of Taipei on 8 June 1895 would end the fighting in Taiwan. It did not. The Republic of Formosa tottered on for another five months of existence, as its presidency was assumed by Liu Yung-fu on 26 June in Tainan. Liu's assumption of the presidency stiffened the will of ordinary Formosans to resist the invaders. The result was a perceptible growth in guerilla activity against the Japanese, and as the month of June wore on it became clear that all the island's main towns would have to be occupied forcibly before opposition to the Japanese invasion collapsed. From now on, the capture of Tainan became a political as well as a strategic imperative for the Japanese. During the next four months the Japanese would direct their efforts towards occupying Tainan and snuffing out the nascent Formosan Republic.
Capture of Hsinchu.
On 11 June the Imperial Guards Division left Taipei and began to march south. Its immediate objectives were the towns of Tokoham (Taoyuan) and Tek-cham (Hsinchu). The Japanese captured Hsinchu with little trouble on 22 June. The Chinese troops of the Hsinchu garrison removed their uniforms and handed over their weapons to the Japanese as soon as they entered the city.
Tokoham area.
One of the most successful insurgent attacks was made on 11 July on a party of 35 Japanese infantrymen who were conveying supplies by boat from Taipei to Tokoham. The Japanese were ambushed, and although they fought bravely, all but one of the party were either killed or so badly wounded that they committed suicide rather than fall alive into the hands of the enemy. One soldier, Private Tanaka, escaped to bring the news of this disaster to his comrades. The Japanese responded by sending a detachment of cavalry to scout Tokoham. En route to Tokoham the troopers were warmly welcomed by the villagers of Pankiu (Panchiao, 板橋), the home of the extremely wealthy Lin family, but as soon as they left the village they were ambushed. Some of the troopers were able to return to Pankiu and were given shelter by the Lin family servants. The Japanese now dispatched two strong columns to the area, and on 12 July fought a major action with the insurgents for possession of the village of Long-tampo.
Another serious attack was made on 12 July by a strong force of insurgents on a Japanese column under the command of Major Bojo, which was also marching towards Tokoham. Bojo's column included three infantry companies and a small force of combat engineers, and was surrounded and ambushed by the insurgents. The Japanese fought bravely, and the Formosans were unable to break their resistance. At the same time, Bojo's men were completely cut off from the Japanese main body. Finally, four Japanese soldiers volunteered to disguise themselves as Chinese and go for help. They reached Major-General Yamane’s main body on 16 July. Relief was at once dispatched, but when rescued Bojo's column was on the verge of exhaustion, with hardly any food or ammunition left.
Battle of Mount Chienbishan.
While the Japanese were trying to clear their supply lines back to Taipei, Formosan militia units continued to demonstrate around Hsinchu. On 10 July the Japanese attacked the Hakka militias on the heights of Chienbishan (Traditional Chinese: 尖筆山) near Miaoli. The Formosans were entrenched, but had no modern artillery. The Japanese attacked from two sides and defeated them. Japanese casualties were only 11 killed or wounded, while the bodies of 200 dead Formosans were recovered from the battlefield. The Japanese also took 110 prisoners, one of whom was the guerrilla leader Chiang Shao-tsu. On 11 July Chiang committed suicide by taking opium. Wu Tang-hsing thereupon assumed command of the Hakka militias, and on 23 July led them back in retreat to Miaoli (苗栗).
Sankakeng operation.
In the last week of July the Japanese conducted a major sweep of the districts between Taipei and Hsinchu, with the aim of clearing the insurgents away from their supply lines. Three columns were involved. The first and largest column, 2,000 men under the personal command of Major-General Yamane, was formed at Tokoham. The second and third columns, 1,000 men under the command of Colonel Naito and 600 men under the command of Colonel Matsubara, assembled at Haisoankau (Kaisanko) and Taipei respectively. All three columns were to converge on Sankakeng, where it was believed the insurgents were assembling a large force. Yamane’s column set off from Tokoham on 22 July, engaged a force of around 500 insurgents five miles from Sankakeng, and drove them back. On 23 July, however, the column was counterattacked by the insurgents, who made good use of the ground. Although the Japanese defeated the counterattack, their casualties were 2 killed and 22 wounded. Chinese casualties were 40 killed and probably many more wounded. On the evening of 23 July Yamane was reinforced by the other two columns, and on 24 July, the insurgents having been dispersed, all three columns returned to their starting points.
Capture of Sinpu.
A second sweep was carried out a week later by the same three columns, to subdue some scattered bands of insurgents. Naito and Matsubara’s columns set off from Haisoankan and Taipei on 29 July, while Yamane’s column left Tokoham on 31 July. This time the objective was the large village of Sinpu (Sinpo). On 29 July Naito’s column fought a fierce action against a force of 400 insurgents near Haisoankan. The insurgents were defeated and Naito’s column continued its westward march, towards Tiongleck. Japanese losses were 5 killed and wounded, while 64 Chinese bodies were recovered from the battlefield. On the same day Yamane’s column drove an insurgent force from a defensive position on a plateau between Si-si and Yang-mei-leck. Meanwhile, Matsubara’s column advanced without meeting the insurgents, and on 30 July occupied Tiongleck.
On 1 August Naito’s column replaced Matsubara’s column at Tiongleck, while Matsubara’s men advanced towards Sinpu. On the same day Yamane’s column drove the insurgents from Niu-lan-wa and advanced to Sinpu. The Japanese scouted Sinpu and defeated a force of insurgents near the village’s eastern gate. As the Japanese prepared to enter the village, the gate was closed against them and they were fired on when they attempted to scale the walls. It was clear that the invaders would have to fight a major action to capture Sinpu, and Yamane fell back and bivouacked at San-kap-tsui on the night of 1 August. 
On 2 August the three Japanese columns combined, and bombarded and stormed Sinpu. The insurgents had barricaded themselves within the village’s houses, but the Japanese were able to smash down the walls with their artillery. The Japanese fought their way through the village, capturing large numbers of insurgents. Some of the insurgents refused to surrender, and the Japanese were forced to take a number of barricaded houses by storm. Chinese casualties during this engagement were around 150 dead; Japanese casualties were only 7 men killed and wounded. The capture of Sinpu marked the end of the sweep, and the three Japanese columns again returned to their bases.

</doc>
<doc id="21389763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389763" title="North Shore Synagogue">
North Shore Synagogue

The North Shore Synagogue is a Modern Orthodox Synagogue in Lindfield, New South Wales Australia. Founded in 1947, and having built its synagogue in 1950, it is the oldest synagogue on Sydney's North Shore. The Masada College Primary school is located at the North Shore Synagogue as well as the Jewish preschool Victor Smith. 
For thirty years the Rabbi at the North Shore Synagogue was Rabbi David Rogut OAM who retired in 2003. The current Rabbi is Rabbi Paul Lewin. North Shore Synagogue also has a Chazan Zvi Teichtahl who came to the synagogue in 2008. Past Chazans have been Rabbi Binyamin Tanny and Danny Sloman. The North Shore Synagogue contains a Choir and a Ladies Guild. The acting President of the North Shore Synagogue is Ken Wolfsohn who has been the President previously. Past presidents have included, Sarah Zukerman, Calvin Stein and David Blitz. On Friday nights, Saturdays and religious festivals the Synagogue conducts a children's service which is led by various youth over the age of fourteen. As of 2009 the Synagogue boasts a Junior Choir for boys aged 6–12.
The North Shore Synagogue runs a madrichim program on Tuesday evenings known as the 'Jewth Group'. They run activities on all the major festivals and hold children services on Friday evenings.
On Sundays the North Shore Synagogue runs a Hebrew school run by the co-ordinator Maureen Ravia. The school currently has sixteen students and three teachers. 
The North Shore Synagogue office is open five days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="21389778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389778" title="List of Q&amp;A panelists">
List of Q&amp;A panelists

A list of panellists who have appeared on the ABC1 television program Q&A. Each episode usually consists of five panellists, usually one Federal Labor politician, one Federal Liberal politician and three other politicians, authors, journalists or personalities. However there are a few notable exceptions to the panels, as shown in the tables below.
Season 1: 2008.
This was the first season of the program, comprising 20 episodes. The most any one person appeared in this series was twice. The first episode featured Prime Minister Kevin Rudd as the only guest, and was announced as a one-off special. However, on episode 19 Q&A again featured just one panellist, the new leader of the Liberal Party Malcolm Turnbull, who had won a leadership ballot just 9 days before.
Season 2: 2009.
This was the second season of the program, totalling 16 episodes. As with season one, no panellist appeared in this season more than twice. Episode 7 of this series was broadcast live from Melbourne, the first time the program was filmed outside its Ultimo studio in Sydney. Episode 14 was also broadcast from another location, this time from the National Museum of Australia in Canberra for an Australian federal budget special with the finance minister and shadow treasurer.
Season 3: 2009.
The third season of "Q&A" began on 23 July 2009. Episode 6 was broadcast from the Melbourne Writers Festival with three writers on the panel. Episode 10 was broadcast from Adelaide. Episode 11 had no politician on the panel.
Season 4: 2010.
The fourth season of "Q&A" began on 8 February 2010, and will be a full season consisting of 40 episodes on the new night, Monday, on ABC1. Episode 1 was broadcast from Old Parliament House, Canberra, with an audience of 16 to 25 year olds. Episode 4 was broadcast from the Adelaide Festival of Arts, and had a total of 6 panellists making it the largest panel in the program's history. The following episode also had 6 panellists.
Episode 9 featured Opposition Leader Tony Abbott as the only panellist. Episode 12 was a 'politician-free' episode, where no current or former politicians were on the panel. Also in episode 12, a Twitter feed was introduced, where selected tweets discussing "Q&A" are shown on screen. Episode 18 featured six panellists and was broadcast from Casula in south west Sydney. On episode 24, Tanya Plibersek became the first panelist to appear in on Q&A more than twice in one season, and would go on to appear a fourth time this season.
Episode 27 and 28 each featured the two leaders alone on the panel, in the final two episodes before the election. Episode 29 was the first episode following the election, and was controversial in that at the last minute Julia Gillard pulled Mark Arbib from appearing on the panel, and an empty chair was left on the panel for the entire episode. Episode 30 was broadcast from the Melbourne Writers Festival.
Episode 37 featured former Prime Minister John Howard as the only panellist, co-inciding with the launch of his memoirs. Episode 38 was the first time the program was broadcast from Western Australia in Perth.
Nick Minchin was originally supposed to be the Coalition panellist on the season finale, but bad weather prohibited his plane from landing in Sydney on time. Minchin was replaced on the panel by George Brandis.
Season 5: 2011.
The fifth season of "Q&A" began on 7 February 2011, continuing in its Monday night timeslot. The exceptions to this were the twelfth and twenty-third episodes, which aired on Thursday 28 April and 7 July respectively. The first special was a special discussion preceding the Wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, which the second special was entitled "Stopping The Boats" and was centred on the topic of asylum seekers.
Season 6: 2012.
The sixth season of "Q&A" began on 6 February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21389800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389800" title="Tatsuruhama Station">
Tatsuruhama Station


</doc>
<doc id="21389802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389802" title="Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1908">
Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1908

A prohibition referendum was held in Iceland on 11 April 1908, the first referendum to be held in the country. Voters were asked whether they approved of a ban on importing alcohol. It was approved by 60.1% of voters. The ban was overturned by a second referendum in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="21389843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389843" title="Huggy Bear">
Huggy Bear

Huggy Bear may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21389845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389845" title="Kasashiho Station">
Kasashiho Station


</doc>
<doc id="21389861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389861" title="Noto-Nakajima Station">
Noto-Nakajima Station


</doc>
<doc id="21389863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389863" title="Shred (Unix)">
Shred (Unix)

shred is a Unix command that can be used to securely delete files and devices so that they can be recovered only with great difficulty with specialised hardware, if at all. It is a part of GNU Core Utilities.
Background.
For efficiency, erasing a file usually only erases the file system entry and keeps the content of the file intact. This frequently allows the file to be recovered using commonly available software. Even if the file is overwritten, residual magnetic fields may allow data recovery using specialist hardware equipment. To prevent this, shred overwrites the file multiple times using patterns chosen to maximize destruction of the residual data. The articles "data erasure" and "data remanence" have additional information.
Features.
shred can be invoked either on ordinary files or on devices (such as hard disk partitions), which are represented as files in Unix. By default, the command overwrites the file three times with multiple patterns, but the number is user configurable. It has an option to do an additional final overwrite with zeroes, which may help to hide the fact that it was used.
By default, shred also shreds "file slack" (unused space in file allocations). For example, a 5 KB file on a file system with 4 KB clusters actually requires 8 KB of storage. Shred has an option to overwrite only the file itself, as well as an option to delete the file after it has completed operation.
Limitations.
A limitation of shred when invoked on ordinary files is that it only overwrites the data in place without overwriting other copies of the file. Copies can manifest themselves in a variety of ways, such as through manual and automatic backups, file system snapshots, copy-on-write filesystems, wear leveling on flash drives, caching such as NFS caching, and journaling. All limitations imposed by the file system can be overcome by shredding every device on which the data resides instead of specific files. However, since wear leveled devices do not guarantee a fixed relationship between logical blocks addressable through the interface and the physical locations in which the data is stored, shredding may not provide adequate security. If available, the SATA secure erase command, issued through hdparm or a similar utility, may be helpful in this situation. Even for magnetic devices, SATA secure erase will be faster and more reliable than shredding. Physical destruction may be necessary to securely erase devices such as memory cards and unusable hard disks.

</doc>
<doc id="21389869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389869" title="Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1933">
Icelandic prohibition referendum, 1933

A prohibition referendum was held in Iceland on 21 October 1933. Voters were asked whether they approved of the ban on importing alcohol imposed following a 1908 referendum should be lifted. It was approved by 57.7% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="21389881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389881" title="Nishigishi Station">
Nishigishi Station

Layout.
The station possesses a passing loop on the single track Nanao Line. It has two side platforms.
In fiction.
Nishigishi Station served as inspiration for Yunosagi Station which features prominently in the 2011 anime Hanasaku Iroha. A symbolic Yunosagi station sign was unveiled on April 29, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21389898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389898" title="East Asia Forum">
East Asia Forum

The East Asia Forum (EAF) is a policy forum directed by Emeritus Professor Peter Drysdale of the Crawford School of Public Policy, Australian National University (ANU). The EAF was launched in 2006 by Australia’s former Treasurer, the Hon. Peter Costello
The Forum provides a platform for dialogue on Asian economic and public policy, publishing two articles a day at www.eastasiaforum.org, and releasing a highly regarded quarterly magazine, the East Asia Forum Quarterly (EAFQ).
The EAF offers daily analysis of economics, politics and public policy in East Asia and the Pacific. Articles focus on a wide range of public policy issues including trade, economic policy, governance, international relations and political developments. Content includes Australian, East Asian and Asia Pacific regional perspectives, with expert contributors from around the region. It is edited by Shiro Armstrong and Peter Drysdale who are economists at the ANU.
The East Asia Forum is operated by the East Asian Bureau of Economic Research (EABER).
Contributors.
Contributors to the online publication include:

</doc>
<doc id="21389903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389903" title="Noto-Kashima Station">
Noto-Kashima Station


</doc>
<doc id="21389920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389920" title="Anamizu Station">
Anamizu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21389941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389941" title="Sony Creative Software">
Sony Creative Software

Sony Creative Software (originally Sony Media Software upon the purchase of Sonic Foundry) is a subsidiary of Sony, focused primarily on their line of media production software. Additionally, they produce a series of audio loops, sound effects and other media for use with their software.
Software.
The software produced by Sony Creative Software include:

</doc>
<doc id="21389944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389944" title="Vaughn Walker">
Vaughn Walker

Vaughn Richard Walker (born 1944) served as a district judge in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California from 1989 to 2011.
Biography.
Vaughn Walker was born in Watseka, Illinois, in 1944. He graduated from the University of Michigan (1966) and Stanford Law School (1970). During 1966–67, he was a Woodrow Wilson Fellow in economics at the University of California, Berkeley.
After clerking for United States District Court for the Central District of California Judge Robert J. Kelleher (1971–72), he practiced in San Francisco at Pillsbury, Madison & Sutro.
Walker was originally nominated to the bench by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. However, this nomination stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee because of controversy over his representation of the United States Olympic Committee in a lawsuit that prohibited the use of the title "Gay Olympics". Two dozen House Democrats, led by Rep. Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco, opposed his nomination because of his perceived insensitivity to gays and the poor.
On September 7, 1989, Walker was re-nominated by President George H. W. Bush to the seat on the federal district court vacated by Spencer M. Williams. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on November 21, 1989, on unanimous consent and received his commission on November 27, 1989.
On September 29, 2010, Walker announced he would retire at the end of 2010 and return to private practice. He retired at the end of February 2011. On April 6, 2011, Walker told reporters that he is gay and has been in a relationship with a male doctor for about ten years. He was the first known gay person to serve as a United States federal judge, though he did not publicly confirm his sexual orientation until after retiring from the federal bench.
Since retiring from the bench, he has operated a private practice in San Francisco focusing on arbitration and mediation services, as well as lecturing at Stanford University Law School and the University of California, Berkeley School of Law.
Views.
Walker generally believes in a legal approach known as law and economics.
Walker has been called an "unorthodox" and "independent-minded conservative" judge; he has called for policies including the auctioning of lead counsel status in securities class action suits and the legalization of drugs. In a 2003 case, "United States v. Gementera", as a condition of supervised release, Walker required a defendant who had pled guilty to mail theft to stand in front of a San Francisco post office wearing a sandwich board that read: "I stole mail. This is my punishment." The condition was upheld on appeal.
A "San Francisco Chronicle" columnist and reporter wrote in a commentary that Walker has an "aversion to harsh sentences for well-educated, well-heeled criminals and, in particular, perpetrators of securities fraud."
"The New York Times" at the time of his initial Reagan nomination stated he was active in Republican politics; "Wired" magazine describes Walker as having libertarian leanings.
Cases.
Walker has presided over such notable cases as lawsuits over NSA warrantless surveillance; the "Apple Computer, Inc. v. Microsoft Corporation" copyright infringement case; the breach of TD Ameritrade's customer information database Clint Reilly's antitrust litigation over the Hearst Corporation's purchase of the "San Francisco Chronicle"; and Oracle's merger/hostile takeover of PeopleSoft, which was approved despite Justice Department opposition.
On January 11, 2010, Walker began hearing arguments in "Perry v. Brown". The case was a federal-constitutional challenge to California Proposition 8, a voter initiative constitutional amendment that eliminated the right of same sex couples to marry, a right which had previously been granted after the California Supreme Court found that Proposition 22 was unconstitutional. On August 4, 2010, Walker ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional "under both the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses" and prohibited its enforcement.
On April 25, 2011, supporters of Proposition 8 filed a motion in district court to vacate Walker's decision, citing Walker's own post-trial statement that he has been in a long-term relationship with another man. They argued he should have recused himself or disclosed his relationship status, and unless Walker "disavowed any interest in marrying his partner", he had "a direct personal interest in the outcome of the case." District Court Judge James Ware heard arguments on the motion on June 13 and denied it the next day, writing that "the presumption that Judge Walker, by virtue of being in a same-sex relationship, had a desire to be married that rendered him incapable of making an impartial decision, is as warrantless as the presumption that a female judge is incapable of being impartial in a case in which women seek legal relief." Legal experts noted that similar efforts to remove Hispanic judges from immigration cases or female judges from gender-discrimination cases have also failed in the past.
The Supreme Court of the United States's June 26, 2013, decision left Walker's 2010 ruling as the final decision on Proposition 8.

</doc>
<doc id="21389945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389945" title="Hidden Valley Ski Area">
Hidden Valley Ski Area

Hidden Valley Ski Area is a ski resort in the St. Louis, Missouri suburb of Wildwood, Missouri.
Tim Boyd bought the Wildwood Golf Course for $250,000 in 1977. In 1982 he converted the hills to a ski resort while maintaining the golf course. The resort would be the first of several resorts throughout the Midwest and Northeast United States he developed or acquired through his company Peak Resorts.
The resort is in the bluffs above the Meramec River. The area is an upscale St. Louis suburb and the resort is Boyd's least profitable. In 2008 Boyd threatened to close the resort after Wildwood officials balked at his plans to create a snow tubing area (which is now in operation) and add an additional 250 parking spaces. Hundreds of supporters were to attend Wildwood town meetings in support of him.
Boyd ultimately entered an agreement to place the ski resort in a conservation easement in exchange for permission to build 80 homes on the golf property (which he has closed).
At the beginning of the 2012-2013 season, Hidden Valley opened two additional runs on an adjacent hill. They dubbed this new area "West Mountain". With this expansion, one additional chair lift was added to allow access to these runs.

</doc>
<doc id="21389974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389974" title="Insectia">
Insectia

Insectia is a nature documentary program on the Discovery Channel. The show's host, Georges Brossard, explains the life of insects by traveling around the world and introducing specimens in their natural habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="21389995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21389995" title="Noto-Mii Station">
Noto-Mii Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390007" title="Noto-Ichinose Station">
Noto-Ichinose Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390014" title="Icelandic sovereignty referendum, 1918">
Icelandic sovereignty referendum, 1918

A referendum on the Act of Union was held in Iceland on 19 October 1918. Voters were asked whether they approved of the Act, which would lead to Iceland becoming a separate kingdom under the Danish Crown, making the country a sovereign state in a personal union with Denmark. It was approved by 92.6% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="21390020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390020" title="Reef Gecko">
Reef Gecko

The Reef Gecko, also known as the Florida Reef Gecko, is a small species of gecko from the United States. 
Habitat and range.
This is one of the few geckos found in the United States. It can also be found in Cuba and the Bahamas. It can be found in both natural and man-made habitats.
Ecology.
This is a small lizard, about 2 inches long. It feeds on insects and spiders.

</doc>
<doc id="21390022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390022" title="Wajima Station">
Wajima Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390031" title="Ficana">
Ficana

Ficana was an ancient city of Latium, which figures in Roman history only on the occasion of its conquest by Ancus Marcius, who is said to have removed the inhabitants to Rome, and destroyed the city itself. (Livy i. 33; Dionys. iii. 38, where the editions have "Fidenae", but there is little doubt that the event referred to is the same related by Livy.) It is certain that it was never repeopled: its name is found in Pliny's list of the extinct cities of Latium (iii. 5. s. 9), and is noticed also by Festus ("v. Puilia Saxa") as a place no longer in existence. The latter passage, however, affords us a clue to its position; according to Marcus Antistius Labeo there cited, it was situated on the Via Ostiensis, eleven miles from Rome, and apparently immediately adjoining the Tiber, on which it had a port, at a place called by Fabius Pictor the "Puilia Saxa". The city's site is within the "comune" of Aricia, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="21390033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390033" title="Alan Jara">
Alan Jara

Alan Edmundo Jara Urzola (born 17 July 1957) is a Colombian civil engineer, and current Governor of the Department of Meta. He was kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on July 15, 2001, and remained in captivity until he was released on February 3, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21390044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390044" title="Nakai Station (Ishikawa)">
Nakai Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390045" title="Aussie Ladette to Lady">
Aussie Ladette to Lady

Aussie Ladette to Lady is an Australian reality-based television series, based on the format of the successful British series "Ladette to Lady". The premise of the series sees eight Australian women sent to Eggleston Hall Finishing School in England (the same venue as the British series), where the staff will attempt to transform them into ladies. The series debuted in Australia on 16 February 2009 on the Nine Network.
A second season began on 20 October 2009.
Episode guide - Series One (2009).
Episode One — The Arrival (Boot Camp).
As the finishing touches are made in preparation to welcome the class of '08 at Eggleston Hall, expectation soon turns to dread. The teachers fear the worst when news arrives that the police have been called to the local airport following complaints of disruptive behaviour on board.
Hearing the raucous chant of "Aussie! Aussie! Aussie!" coming up the drive, their worst fears are confirmed. Vice-principal, Mrs Shrager, confronts the drunken rabble at the school's entrance and uses all her authority and volume to shout them down. The stage is set for an epic battle of wills.
The Aussie ladettes are stripped down to their ill-fitting undies and it's soon all too obvious that these are tattooed recruits of the rawest kind. Dispensing with niceties, the staff get to work and, as lessons begin in earnest, it soon becomes clear that the ladettes are up against formidable opposition.
Before long rebellion gives way to something approaching cooperation and the painful process of change begins. By week's end they will host a cocktail party and entertain some of England's most eligible bachelors, which included young etiquette expert William Hanson. At the end of Episode One, ladette Maria was expelled.
Episode Two — The Hunt (The Thrill of the Chase).
With one disgraced ladette already on her way home, week two sees a chastened band of Aussie ladettes face up to a daunting challenge. They must play host to the prestigious Zetland Hunt. But it's not all sausage rolls and stirrup cups.
First the girls must literally face a test of guts, and acclimatise to the unsavoury realities of country life. Picking shotgun pellets from pheasants is one thing, but feeding "fallen stock" to the foxhounds is quite another.
Emotions are stirred when the ladettes challenge some local lasses to a midnight steeple chase. Success goes to Nicole's head and she treats everyone to a strip tease.
Sarah triumphs when chosen to ride out with the hunt, but blots her copybook, and brings the school into disgrace, when she unfurls an Aussie pennant at full tilt. Sarah's act of rebellion brings her before the principal, and it seems she is destined for expulsion. But a dramatic change of heart radically alters the picture and, as expulsion day approaches, the field is wide open. At the end of Episode Two, ladette Emily was expelled.
Episode Three — Swimming with Sharks.
If the Aussie ladettes thought being transformed into demure young ladies would be a walk in the park, this is the week they learn how wrong they were. "We take them and we break them," says finishing school principal, Ms Harbord.
In week three, the "tough love" treatment produces some unexpected results. There are tears as the ladettes' emotional defences give way to storms of emotion. But the tables are turned when stripper Nicole tells the story of her troubled past and even stern Ms Harbord sheds a tear.
But emotion must be put aside as the ladettes face their weekly challenge: to make and serve afternoon tea to the aristocratic mothers of some of the bachelors. There's much work to be done before the ladettes have a hope of passing muster under the critical eyes of these society ladies (and prospective mother-in-laws).
Girl turns on girl in this episode of the series which sees an old-fashioned English finishing school struggling to turn Australia's worst binge-drinking "ladettes" into ladies. At the end of Episode Three, ladette Bianca was expelled.
Episode Four — The Dinner Party.
This week they must cook haute cuisine for 20 society guests. But, when Skye is promoted to school prefect, cooking is the last thing on their minds. Furious that this honour has been given to the bad girl of the group, the others decide to make Skye's life hell.
At the pre-dinner wine tasting all decorum flies out of the window and the old habits return. The ladettes don't taste, they guzzle and, to add insult to injury, they steal more bottles of wine for a secret binge, right under Skye's nose. Former mistress of mayhem, Skye, does her best to cover for their appalling behaviour, but principal Ms Harbord is not taken in.
With a punishment to contend with on the morning of the party, the dinner for 20 looks set for disaster. The guests are perplexed and more than a little hungry when dinner is served an hour and a half late. But in spite of the pressures one ladette raises her game by embarking on a mission to stay sober throughout. At the end of Episode Four, ladette Zoe was expelled.
Episode Five — A Royal Visitor.
Eggleston Hall Finishing School is preparing to entertain royalty for the first time in its history, and the teachers want their girls to make a good impression on the visiting prince — a dashing Italian from Venice.
There's no margin for error when, after last week's appalling lapse in standards, Ms Harbord announces a zero-tolerance policy on bad behaviour. But, when the four surviving ladettes are forced to wear a body harness to improve their deportment, one of them decides that enough is enough. Tough mine-worker, Sarah has fought hard to earn her place as an equal in a man's world, and she's not about to curtsey to anyone — not even a prince.
The show must go on, and the girls have just days to prepare for a wildly ambitious event — a masked ball in honour of their royal visitor. And, as if that weren't enough, the girls must also contend with some amorous bachelors who will be staying over the night of the ball. Whether it's the prospect of a genuine Italian prince or of the return of the now familiar bachelors, the sausage-making lesson provokes a very unladylike response in the girls. At the end of Episode Five, ladette Sarah was expelled.
Episode Six — Coming of Age.
Three girls have survived to the final week and have reached the climax of their journey — the graduation ball. But there's no time to relax. There can be only one winner and the girls will come under greater scrutiny than ever. The remaining contestants will have their parents flown to England to join them for the graduation ball.
Now the girls must put into practise everything they have learned — from constructing a towering cake, to tying a presentation bouquet of fresh flowers, and sewing the final touches to their graduation ball gowns. Finishing school principal, Ms Harbord, tells them that if they don't qualify, they'll be flying home to Australia ahead of time. But if they do, their parents will be flying to England to join them.
The glamorous awards ceremony is to be hosted at one of Britain's finest country houses where the girls are expected to parade their newfound looks, elegance and good manners. Throughout, they will be judged under the exacting standards of the teachers and by others from the ranks of high society. And they will face their toughest challenge yet — to write and deliver a speech about their journey from ladette to lady.
You can cut the atmosphere with a knife as the teachers retire to decide which one is this year's winner, and when Sarah makes a surprise appearance to wish all three of her fellow ladettes the very best of luck, there is relief and genuine joy. After all the deliberations, the trials and tribulations, Ms Harbord finally emerges to announce that this year's winner is Nicole and there isn't a dry eye left in the house.
Episode Seven — Reunion.
In the season final catch up with the girls back in their home environments where they're surprised by a visit from the Headmistress Gill Harbord and cooking teacher Rosemary Shrager.

</doc>
<doc id="21390059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390059" title="Andrew Mitchell (diplomat)">
Andrew Mitchell (diplomat)

Sir Andrew Mitchell (1708–1771) was a British diplomat noted for his service as envoy to the court of Frederick the Great during the Seven Years' War.
Early Career and Interests.
Mitchell was the son of a minister who opted for a career in the law. His profession and intellectual interests took him frequently abroad, and in 1735 he formed a close friendship with Montesquieu in Paris. He took up a broad spectrum of intellectual pursuits that encompassed ancient and modern history, art, literature, and moral philosophy; in 1736 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society .
He was elected at the 1747 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberdeenshire, and held the seat until the 1754 general election. He was elected as MP for Elgin Burghs at a by-election in January 1755, and held that seat until his death in 1771.
Envoy to Prussia.
In May 1756, Mitchell arrived in Berlin, and was enthusiastically received by Frederick. Prior to this, antagonism had steadily been building between France and England over shipping and territory rights, and the British king, concerned with the exposure of his Hanoverian territories should war arise, wished to draw closer to Prussia. It was Mitchell's task to negotiate the Alliance and allay Frederick's fears of an Austro-Russian counter-alliance. Frederick, who resented the broken promises and secret diplomacy of the French court during the Silesian Wars, was amenable, and England remained his only steady ally throughout the Seven Years' War.
Mitchell stayed with Frederick, recording his observations of the king at war in his journals, until his recall in 1764. He returned to Berlin two years later, having been knighted in the interim, and remained until his death in 1771. Though the relationship between Mitchell and Frederick had suffered from Frederick's dissatisfaction with English policy at the end of the war and Mitchell's disenchantment with Frederick's "impatience of contradiction", Frederick wrote in tribute that, "His talents and character had wholly gained my esteem and he retained it to the end of his days."

</doc>
<doc id="21390060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390060" title="Bira Station">
Bira Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390070" title="Revelations (Alvin Ailey)">
Revelations (Alvin Ailey)

Revelations is the signature choreographic work of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater. It was first produced by Alvin Ailey Dance Theater in New York City, New York on January 31, 1960. "Revelations" tells the story of African-American faith and tenacity from slavery to freedom through a suite of dances set to spirituals and blues music.
Overview.
Ailey intended for the dance to be the second part of a larger, evening-length survey of African-American music which had been begun in 1958 with his work "Blues Suite" though this was never fully realized. At its premiere, the piece initially had 15 sections, a live vocal chorus, and was an over an hour in duration, and included 2 soloists. Sections were removed as the work evolved, and an extensive tour sponsored by the U.S. Department in 1962 forced Ailey to commit the music for "Revelations" to recording. The dance then solidified into the three-part format seen today. The original score included parts for guitar, percussion and violin and voice. The piece was expanded to include parts for keyboards, drums and electric bass.
Ailey did not dance in the world premiere, but as early company personnel shifted, he performed some of its group sections as solos.
"Revelations" is divided into three sections "Pilgrim of Sorrow", "Take Me to the Water" and "Move Members, Move"
Pilgrim of Sorrow.
The opening section of Revelations. Ailey described this section as "songs that yearn for deliverance, that speak of trouble and of this world's trials and tribulations." The mood is reflected in unique gestures with heads bowed down and forward and heavy bodies reaching powerfully upward. The sombre music and the lighting effects (by lighting designer Nicola Cernovitch) and brown and skin toned costuming help with this. In "I've Been Buked!!" nine dancers work in hushed accord, performing a ritual of communal introspection. In "didn't my lord deliver Daniel", the second part of the piece, the trio of two women and one male are showing their pain they have faced through sudden pulsing of the upper torso, and contractions and releases. The "Fix Me Jesus" duet conveys the strength of faith between a woman and her minister, through a subtle unfolding of leanings, balance and leg extensions that speak of trust and conviction of belief.
Take Me to the Water.
The second section features an enactment of a ceremonial baptism. A large group of dancers clad in white sweep onto the stage as baptismal agents—a tree branch to sweep the earth and a white cloth to cleanse the sky—lead a processional to the stream of purification. To the strains of "Wade in the Water" a devotional leader bearing a large umbrella baptizes a young couple at a river, represented by yards of billowing blue silk stretched across the stage. A raucous ceremony is followed by the meditative solo "I Wanna Be Ready", which communicates a devout man's preparations for death. Created by Ailey in collaborations with its original dancer James Truitte, the solo builds on exercises derived from the Horton modern dance technique.
Move Members, Move.
The final section celebrates the liberating power of 20th-century gospel music. This section includes the propulsive men's trio "Sinner Man" and the famous "Yellow" section, set in a southern Baptist rural church. Eighteen dancers in yellow costumes enact a church service with fans and stools. Stretched across the stage with torsos proudly lifted, the dancers embody the joy of faith contained by complex stepping patterns performed in unison.
Original Dancers.
Joan Derby, Merle Derby, Jay Fletcher, Gene Hobgood, Natheniel Horne, Herman Howell, Minnie Marshall, Nancy Redi and Corene Richardson, Don Martin.

</doc>
<doc id="21390079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390079" title="Kanami Station">
Kanami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390083" title="Brown Bears men's lacrosse">
Brown Bears men's lacrosse

The Brown Bears men's lacrosse team represents Brown University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's lacrosse. Brown competes in the Ivy League and plays its home games at Meister-Kavan Field and Stevenson Field in Providence, Rhode Island.
History.
The Brown University men's lacrosse program was founded in 1926. Brown continued to compete in intercollegiate lacrosse until 1937 when the sport was discontinued. The lacrosse program resumed play in 1961 under legendary head coach Cliff Stevenson. Since 1961, Brown has won seven Ivy League championships and has made 11 NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament appearances, including nine NCAA Quarterfinal appearances. In 1994, Brown became the first program from New England to play in the NCAA Final Four, a record that remained until the UMass made a Final Four appearance in 2006.
National Awards.
The Brown lacrosse program has garnered numerous national collegiate lacrosse awards. Darren Lowe '92 was named 1992 NCAA Division I Player of the Year, as well as 1992 Division I Attackman of the Year. Standout goalie Greg Cattrano, was named Division I Goalie of the Year. Brown has also had two coaches selected as Division I Coach of the Year: Dom Starsia in 1985 and 1991, and Peter Lasagna in 1994.
Ivy League Awards.
Brown has also won numerous Ivy League awards since All-Ivy teams were first selected in 1957. Since the award's inception in 1974, nine Brown Bears have been named Ivy League Player of the Year and four Bears have been named Men's Lacrosse Ivy League Rookie of the Year since the Rookie award was established in 1981. Since 1957, two Bears have been chosen First Team All-Ivy three times (Darren Lowe 1990, '91, '92) and Bill Aliber 1981, '82, '83), while 14 Bears have been named First Team All-Ivy two times.

</doc>
<doc id="21390092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390092" title="Kabuto Station (Ishikawa)">
Kabuto Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390099" title="Funky T. Cool T.">
Funky T. Cool T.

Funky T. Cool T. is the fifth album Lester Bowie recorded for the Japanese DIW label and the second album by his "New York Organ Ensemble". It was released in 1991 and features performances by Bowie, Steve Turre, Amina Claudine Myers James Carter, Phillip Wilson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Don Snowden awarded the album 2½ stars stating "it really seems like Lester Bowie threw this group away -- too bad, because the combination of his sensibility, this genre, and these players had a lot of potential". 

</doc>
<doc id="21390108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390108" title="Okinami Station">
Okinami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390113" title="Dichloro(cycloocta-1,5-diene)platinum(II)">
Dichloro(cycloocta-1,5-diene)platinum(II)

Dichloro(1,5-cyclooctadiene)platinum(II) (Pt(cod)Cl2) is an organometallic compound of platinum. This colourless solid, which is a commercially available, is an entry point to other platinum compounds through the displacement of the cod and/or chloride ligands. It is prepared from potassium tetrachloroplatinate and the diene:

</doc>
<doc id="21390119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390119" title="Maenami Station">
Maenami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390137" title="Furukimi Station">
Furukimi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390139" title="2001 Kishtwar massacre">
2001 Kishtwar massacre

2001 Kishtwar massacre was the killing of 17 Hindu villagers in village Ladder near Kishtwar in Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir by alleged militants of Lashkar-e-Taiba on 3 August 2001 .
The attack.
According to the police, a group of 10 militants swooped on the village and dragged 20 males belonging to the Hindu community out of their houses. They were taken to the adjacent rocky mountain belt and shot. Five villagers were wounded.
The aftermath.
These killings were subsequently discussed in Indian parliament with opposition criticizing the Government. Lashkar-e-Taiba militant Mujib-ur-Rahman was shot dead 3 days later. His logbook had an entry dated 3 August, "The warriors of the Lashkar-e-Toiba have killed 19 unbelievers. This is our challenge to the Indian government." A complete bandh was observed in Jammu the following day in protest. Groups of demonstrators protesting against the Kishtwar carnage torched Pakistani flags and effigies of Gen Pervez Musharraf in Jammu, Kathua and Udhampur.

</doc>
<doc id="21390149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390149" title="Fregenae">
Fregenae

Fregenae (; ), was a maritime town of ancient Etruria, situated between Alsium and the mouth of the Tiber. The modern Fregene is an Italian hamlet ("frazione") of Fiumicino, in the Province of Rome, Lazio. As of 2012 its population was of 6,445.
History.
Ancient Fregenae.
It is mentioned by Livy among the "coloniae maritimae" (xxxvi. 3); and there is every reason to suppose that it was established at the same time with Alsium, in 245 BCE, and that we should read Fregenae for Fregellae in Velleius Paterculus, where he speaks of the foundation of these two colonies. This is confirmed by the Epitome of the 19th book of Livy, where, though Alsium is not mentioned, the foundation of Fregenae is coupled with that of Brundusium, which Velleius refers to the following year. No subsequent notice of it occurs in history: its marshy and unhealthy situation probably prevented its rising to prosperity; and, after the construction of the Portus Augusti on the right bank of the Tiber, it seems to have gradually sunk into insignificance. Hence, though its name is found in Strabo, Pliny, and the Itineraries, it is not noticed by Rutilius in his description of the coast of Etruria, and no ruins now mark the site. But the distances given in the Itinerary of 9 M.P. from Alsium, and the same from Portus Augusti at the mouth of the Tiber, enable us to fix its position with certainty at a spot now called "Fregene" in the "comune" of Fiumicino.
Modern Fregene.
The modern town was created in 1928 as part of a large drainage project along the coasts of Lazio, near Maccarese, to create a sea resort. From the 1970s Fregene grew as part of the urban expansion of Rome metropolitan area. Until 1992 It was part of the municipality of Rome, when Fiumicino was erected as independent municipality.
Geography.
Fregene is located on Tyrrhenian coast, 31 km in north of Fiumicino, near its international airport and the villages of Maccarese, Focene and Passo Oscuro. It is 24 km far from Ladispoli, 42 from Rome and 55 from Civitavecchia. Nearest railway station is Maccarese-Fregene on Rome-Pisa line.

</doc>
<doc id="21390154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390154" title="Ukawa Station">
Ukawa Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390169" title="Shichimi Station">
Shichimi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390186" title="Yanami Station">
Yanami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390204" title="Hanami Station">
Hanami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390211" title="Fujinami Station (Ishikawa)">
Fujinami Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390227" title="Ushitsu Station">
Ushitsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390238" title="Hane Station (Ishikawa)">
Hane Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390244" title="Mimic glass lizard">
Mimic glass lizard

Ophisaurus mimicus, the mimic glass lizard, is a species of glass lizard found in the Southeastern United States. 
Habitat and habits.
It is found only in the Carolinas, Georgia, and, occasionally, northern Florida. It feeds on insects and other invertebrates.
Source.
http://www.uga.edu/srelherp/lizards/ophmim.htm

</doc>
<doc id="21390248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390248" title="Oura Station (Ishikawa)">
Oura Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390258" title="Kavel state by-election, 1992">
Kavel state by-election, 1992

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Kavel on 9 May 1992. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Liberal MHA Eric Roger Goldsworthy. The seat had been retained by the Liberals since it was created and first contested at the 1970 state election. The by-election was held on the same day as the Alexandra by-election.
Results.
Call to Australia, who contested the previous election and gained 5.1 percent, did not contest the by-election. The Liberals easily retained the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21390261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390261" title="Jōmon-Mawaki Station">
Jōmon-Mawaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390270" title="Tsukumowan-Ogi Station">
Tsukumowan-Ogi Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390281" title="Shiromaru Station (Ishikawa)">
Shiromaru Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390289" title="Kuri-Kawashiri Station">
Kuri-Kawashiri Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390291" title="Kingsbridge, Ontario">
Kingsbridge, Ontario

Kingsbridge, Ontario is a small rural community in southwestern Ontario. It is approximately 22 kilometers north of Goderich on the Bluewater Highway where it intersects with Kingsbridge Line. The area around Kingsbridge was settled in 1839 by Irish immigrants from County Kerry, Ireland. During the 1840s and 1850s many more Irish families, mostly from Kerry although some from Counties Clare, Cork, and Tipperary had settled in the vicinity. Kingsbridge was named for John King who had constructed a bridge in the area in the 1850s. The communities primary landmarks include St. Joseph's Church, the elementary school and the former St. Josephs convent. The community overlooks Lake Huron and is surrounded by rich farmland.
History.
Religion.
The first priest to visit the area was missionary Father Giveney, baptizing children and holding the first mass in what is now Port Albert. Mass was said in Morgan King's cabin until the first church was erected Father Wassereau built the first church, a white frame structure without a floor around 1860, and it stood until the church was rebuilt in 1887. As the population in the area greatly increased, more capacity was needed and the new church was larger and included a belfry. The current red brick church was completed in 1905, and held its first mass on October 22, a tradition that ended in 2012. When the church was closed by the London diocese due to the building being "unsafe". 
School.
A small Catholic school was built next to the Church, and was running for many years, but closed in June 2006, due to the low number of students. The building still stands, but is privately owned.
Kingsbridge Wind Power Project.
The Kingsbridge Wind Power Project is a 39.6 MW wind farm that is located in and around the area of Kingsbridge. It consists of 22 turbines and provides power for approximately 12,500 homes. [http://www.epcor.ca/SiteCollectionDocuments/Environment/pdfs/KingsbridgeWindPowerProject.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="21390292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390292" title="Compass Cope">
Compass Cope

Compass Cope was a program initiated by the United States Air Force to develop an upgraded reconnaissance Unmanned aerial vehicle. The two aircraft that participated in the program were:

</doc>
<doc id="21390298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390298" title="Matsunami Station">
Matsunami Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390311" title="Koiji Station">
Koiji Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390313" title="Avenida del Libertador">
Avenida del Libertador

Avenida del Libertador is one of the principal thoroughfares in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and in points north, extending 25 km (16 mi) from the Retiro District of Buenos Aires to the northern suburb of San Fernando.
History.
Inspired by Parisian urbanist Baron Haussmann's renowned modernization of the City of Lights, Mayor Torcuato de Alvear took office with a similar mandate in 1880. Inheriting a rapidly growing city hamstrung by a typically colonial grid of narrow streets, his most ambitious project would be a boulevard connecting the Retiro section (north of downtown) to the growing neighborhoods of Recoleta and Palermo to the northeast (at the time merely suburbs). Bella Vista Street was widened and lengthened, reaching 7 km (4.5 mi) northwest into Palermo and, upon its inaugural in 1885, was renamed in honor the Mayor's father, Carlos María de Alvear (one of Argentina's early leaders).
Soon becoming among the most coveted addresses in Buenos Aires, Avenida Alvear was graced by numerous mansions (a few of which survive), though it quickly also became among the most transited in the fast-growing Buenos Aires of the late 19th century. Planned with a future railway terminal in Retiro in mind, Mayor Adolfo Bullrich had a multilane boulevard developed between Retiro and Palermo, roughly parallel to the Mitre rail line and east of Alvear Avenue, giving Palermo commuters easy access to the station and freeing Alvear of its heavy traffic. 
Opened in 1906, Avenida Viceroy Vértiz was renamed "Avenida del Libertador" in 1950 in honor of the Liberator of Argentina, Chile and Perú, General José de San Martín, by order of President Juan Perón and to commemorate the hundredth anniversary of San Martín's passing. A 15 km (9 mi) thoroughfare (Route 195) connecting Buenos Aires to San Fernando was built in the late 1930s and was likewise renamed in 1950. The subsequent automobile boom and the growth of northside neighborhoods and suburbs led Mayor Manuel Iricíbar in 1968 to order the extension of the avenue northwards into the Belgrano and Núñez neighborhoods. 
The extension was facilitated by a tunnel and by the widening of Blandengues Street, which became part of Avenida del Libertador. Thus connected to the avenue of the same name north of Buenos Aires, Libertador's entry into the suburb of Vicente López via a roundabout was replaced by a freeway underpass and its boulevard medians, removed. Severe rush hour traffic congestion along the avenue was alleviated by the 1996 opening of the Arturo Illia Freeway, running parallel to the avenue and providing a (toll road) alternative to the busy junction at Libertador and Avenida 9 de Julio.
Itinerary.
Avenida Leandro Alem at its northern end becomes Libertador Avenue at the southeast corner of San Martín Plaza. Continuing northwards along the Retiro district, it passes by the important Retiro railway terminal and in parallel to the Mitre rail line. Past the Railway Museum, it travels under the Illia Freeway overpass and through the intersection with the massive Ninth of July Avenue. Entering the Recoleta district, the avenue affords a view of Alvear Plaza and the Recoleta Cultural Center before a fork leads to Figueroa Alcorta Avenue, a parallel throroughfare opened in 1910. The National Museum of Fine Arts is located at this junction. Its Palermo district stretch takes the avenue past the Argentine Automobile Club, the National Museum of Decorative Arts, the Buenos Aires Japanese Gardens, Tres de Febrero Park, and the Palermo Hippodrome. Its route along both these neighborhoods is surrounded by some of the most valuable residential real estate in Buenos Aires. 
A tunnel opened in 1971 takes the avenue past the Municipal Golf Course and into the Belgrano district. In Núñez, it passes by the infamous Navy Mechanics School, which housed the most important of the 340 detention centers operated by Argentina's last dictatorship in the late 1970s. The ESMA is today the National Museum of Remembrance. An underpass then leads into the northern suburb of Vicente López, beginning the avenue's 15 km (9 mi) stretch in Buenos Aires Province. The scenery of high rises and shopping areas there and in neighboring Olivos gradually blends into leafy San Isidro, passing by the Neogothic Cathedral of San Isidro. A detour via Primera Junta Avenue continues the interrupted thoroughfare into San Fernando until its city limit with the Paraná Delta city of Tigre, where it ends past a bridge over one of the area's numerous canals.
Avenida del Libertador

</doc>
<doc id="21390319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390319" title="Island glass lizard">
Island glass lizard

The island glass lizard is a species of glass lizard found in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21390328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390328" title="Ushima Station">
Ushima Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390340" title="Minami-Kuromaru Station">
Minami-Kuromaru Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390349" title="Ukai Station (Ishikawa)">
Ukai Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390361" title="Uedo Station">
Uedo Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390362" title="Abeyratne Ratnayaka">
Abeyratne Ratnayaka

Abeyratne Ratnayaka was a Sri Lankan politician. He was the first Cabinet Minister of Food, Co-operatives and Home Affairs in independent Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and the last President of the Senate of Ceylon, a Member of Parliament & State Council. He received his primary education at Dharmaraja College Kandy and secondary education at Royal College Colombo. His granddaughter Professor Kshanika Hirimburegam, was the Vice Chancellor of the University of Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="21390368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390368" title="Iida Station (Ishikawa)">
Iida Station (Ishikawa)


</doc>
<doc id="21390374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390374" title="Alexandra state by-election, 1992">
Alexandra state by-election, 1992

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Alexandra on 9 May 1992. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Liberal MHA Ted Chapman. The seat had been retained by the Liberals since it was created and first contested at the 1973 state election. The by-election was held on the same day as the Kavel state by-election.
Results.
The Liberals easily retained the seat after preferences.

</doc>
<doc id="21390375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390375" title="Red Hen Press">
Red Hen Press

Red Hen Press is an American non-profit press specializing in the publication of poetry, literary fiction, and nonfiction. Founded in 1994, Red Hen is now located in Pasadena, California. The mission of Red Hen Press is to publish work of literary excellence, support diversity, and promote literacy in the local schools and community. The press holds the belief that it is essential to our society to promote a readership that remains open and critically engaged in reading a variety of well-written, thought-provoking work.
There are two imprints of Red Hen Press, Arktoi Books and Boreal Books.
History.
Red Hen Press was founded by Mark E. Cull and Kate Gale in 1994. It began as a collective, and now publishes a number of notable authors.
The press was reorganized as a non-profit 501(c)3, getting its federal exemption in 2004. Red Hen Press established a Writing in the Schools program in 2003, which has received funding from the Los Angeles County Arts Commission, the Los Angeles Department of Cultural Affairs, the Kinder Morgan Foundation, the City of Pasadena Cultural Affairs, Sony Pictures Entertainment, the Rose Hills Foundation, the Dwight Stuart Youth Fund, the Macy's Foundation, and the Ahmanson Foundation. Its reading series at the Ruskin Art Club, Boston Court Performing Arts Center, Annenberg Beach House, and the Geffen Playhouse has hosted such writers as Anne Carson, B.H. Fairchild, Billy Collins, Carolyn See, C.D. Wright, Chris Abani, Li-Young Lee, Nikky Finney, T.C. Boyle, Terrance Hayes, and Yusef Komunyakaa.
The press began with a mission to discover, publish, and promote works of literary excellence that have been overlooked by mainstream presses, and to build audiences for literature by fostering the literacy of youth and by bringing distinguished and emerging writers to the public stage. In 2011, the mission evolved into the commitment to publish work of literary excellence, support diversity, and promote literacy and a community of readers and writers who are actively engaged in the essential human practice known as literature.
Award-winning books and authors.
Red Hen Press has published several notable, award-winning books:
Promoting literacy.
To promote both literacy and creative expression among young people, Red Hen Press' Writing in the Schools(WITS) program brings published authors into Title-1 schools in the Los Angeles and Pasadena Unified School Districts to run writing workshops and to read and discuss their work. The program strives to present creative writing and contemporary literature to Los Angeles County students in new and interesting ways while still upholding California State Standards for Education. The instructing author conducts at least four writing workshops at a classroom participating in the program. The lesson plans vary, but tend to begin with an open reading of selected texts, followed by classroom discussions and student writing. Students receive a textbook designed by Red Hen for the program, and at the end of their program, the press collects one poem from each student and compiles them into professionally bound student anthologies, which the students also receive.
The press also organizes readings in schools, universities, libraries, and literary organizations, and donates books to a variety of organizations, including schools and facilities that educate at-risk youth.
Imprints.
Arktoi Books was established in 2006 by Eloise Klein Healy and publishes literary fiction and poetry by lesbian writers. Its mission is to give lesbian writers more access to “the conversation” that having a book in print affords. Arktoi publishes at least one book every year, by new and established authors. Arktoi titles include: "Interpretive Work" by Elizabeth Bradfield, "The Heart's Traffic" by Ching-In Chen, "Cut Away" by Catherine Kirkwood, and "The Alphabet Conspiracy" by Rita Mae Reese.
Boreal Books was established in 2008, focuses on fine literature and fine art from Alaska, and is edited by the State Laureate Writer of Alaska, Peggy Shumaker. Boreal titles include: "Leaving Resurrection" by Eva Saulitis, "Double Moon: Constructions and Conversations" by Margo Klass and Frank Soos, and "A Measure's Hush" by Anne Coray.
Literary awards.
Red Hen Press offers several literary awards each year, including the Benjamin Saltman Award, the Red Hen Press Short Story Award, Ruskin Art Club Poetry Award, and the Letras Latinas/Red Hen Poetry Prize in partnership with Letras Latinas.
Previous winners of the Benjamin Saltman Award.
The winner of the Benjamin Saltman Award receives a cash prize in addition to publication of the winning poetry collection. Past judges include: Claudia Rankine, Robin Becker, Wanda Coleman, B.H. Fairchild, Nick Flynn, Eloise Klein Healy, David St. John, Dorianne Laux, Thomas Lux, Philip Levine, Alicia Ostriker, James Ragan, Peggy Shumaker, Quincy Troupe, David Mason, and Katharine Coles as the judge for 2012.
Notable authors.
Notable writers and poets published by Red Hen include:
Poetry
Chris Abani, Tony Barnstone, Willis Barnstone, John Barr, Ron Carlson, Katharine Coles, Camille Dungy, Percival Everett, Judy Grahn, Eloise Klein Healy, Ernest Hilbert, Cynthia Hogue, Doug Kearney, Ron Koertge, David Mason, Sebastian Matthews, Irene McKinney, Deena Metzger. Robert Peters, Rainer Maria Rilke (translation), Rob Roberge, Peggy Shumaker, Maurya Simon, Jim Tilley, William Trowbridge, Charles Harper Webb
Fiction
Summer Brenner, Brian Doyle, Janice Eidus, Andrew Lam, David Maine, Ellen Meeropol, Cecile Rossant, Greg Sanders, Antje Ravic Strubel, Marcos M. Villatoro
Non-Fiction & Memoir
Blase Bonpane, Paul Cummins, Jack Foley, Sam Hamill, Tom Hayden
Advisory board.
The advisory board for Red Hen Press contains many notable names: Sherman Alexie, Janet Fitch, Carolyn L. Forché, Judy Grahn, Michael S. Harper, Garrett Hongo, Lawson Fusao Inada, X. J. Kennedy, Galway Kinnell, Gina Knox, Yusef Komunyakaa, Beverly Lafontaine, Li-Young Lee, Robert Peters, Ishmael Reed, Amy Tan, Helena María Viramontes, Karen Tei Yamashita, and Ray A. Young Bear.

</doc>
<doc id="21390379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390379" title="Suzu Station">
Suzu Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390396" title="KT Manu Musliar">
KT Manu Musliar

K.T. Mohammed Musliyar, who was known as K.T. Manu Musliyar was an Islamic scholar, orator, and writer and General Secretary of Samastha Kerala Islam Matha Vidyabhyasa Board, which is the biggest organisation for giving Islamic education to children in Kerala. He also was a great scholar in Islamic belief and was a great leader of Samastha Kerala Jamiyyathul Ulama. 
Career.
Musliyar became a member of the Central Mushawara of Samastha Kerala Jam-iyyathul Ulema in 1974. He quickly rose to become an office secretary, and finally a joint secretary for the organization.
Death.
He died on 1 February 2009 at Calicut where the golden jubilee of Samastha Kerala Jam'iyyathul Mu'allimeen is celebrated.

</doc>
<doc id="21390402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390402" title="Yaakov Banai">
Yaakov Banai

Yaakov Banai () born Yaakov Tunkel, Alias Mazal () (March 30, 1920 – January 7, 2009) served as the commander of the Lehi movement's combat unit. Banai was a senior Lehi member who masterminded numerous military encounters against British and Arab targets during the Mandate period and the Israel War of Independence.
Early life.
Yaakov Banai (Tunkel) was born on March 20, 1920 in Baranovichi, Poland. He was the third child of four children. His father was Shraga (Feivel) Tunkel and his mother Brakha née Sokolovsky. The family owned a barber shop and his father served as the head of the town's volunteer fire department. His father was the first cousin of Yosef Tunkel, the Yiddish humorist known as Der Tunkeler. Both of his parents and two of his siblings perished in the Holocaust. 
As a youth, Banai was a member of Betar, the Revisionist Zionist youth movement and was a founding member of the Irgun in Poland and leader of the Eastern Poland branch of the party. He graduated from the state Gymnasium high school in 1938 and studied law for one year at Vilnius University (1939–1940). In 1941, following the Soviet invasion and shortly before the German invasion of Lithuania, Banai obtained a Sugihara visa and made his way to Israel via Turkey with other members of the Betar.
Combat operations.
On his way to Israel he was informed of the internal split within the Irgun and chose to join forces with Abraham Stern (Yair) to help form the Lehi. Once in Israel he was ordered to distance himself from Tel Aviv to avoid the attention of the authorities and he enlisted as a watchman in the Jezreel Valley where he commenced forming a local branch of the Lehi.
In early 1943 he relocated to Haifa where he enlisted members, among whom was Eliahu Hakim (whose alias was Benny). Hakim was later hanged for carrying out the assassination of Lord Moyne in Cairo. In Haifa, Banai received the alias Mazal (meaning "Luck") after he managed to successfully evade capture during a surprise inspection conducted by British detectives. After a shoot-out with British detectives, he moved to Tel Aviv, where he joined the Executive Committee of Lehi. He changed his last name to Banai in order to confuse British detectives who were on the look out for a "Polish Jew". 
Banai participated in a long list of combat missions including the preparations and attack on the British high commissioner in Palestine, Sir Harold MacMichael. This attack was claimed to be retaliation for the Struma disaster. He also took part in the assassination of Thomas Wilkin, the head of the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) Jewish Affairs Bureau. Wilkin was assassinated for his involvement in the killing of Abraham Stern. In his memoirs, Banai recalled that the order to assassinate Wilkin came directly from Yitzhak Shamir, the head of Lehi who eventually became the Prime Minister of Israel. 
Banai was appointed to head the Lehi’s combat forces which was renamed under him as the "Fighting Brigade". He masterminded and participated in combat operations such as attacks on military units and police, demolition of bridges, an attempt to free jailed prisoners in Jerusalem that was coordinated with the Irgun, the capture of weapons from a military base in Holon and a British military warehouse on HaYarkon Street in Tel Aviv.
Following Shamir’s imprisonment, Banai remained in the underground from where he oversaw all of Lehi’s department’s and branches in Israel. Under his direction, dozens of combat operations were planned and carried out, a portion of them as part of the Jewish Resistance Movement during which the three underground movements (Haganah, Irgun, Lehi) joined forces against the British. During this period, the railyards near the Haifa port were attacked, the Sarona military headquarters (today HaKirya in Tel Aviv) was bombed, Sarafand (today Tzrifin military base) was attacked, the CID offices in Haifa were attacked, airplanes at the Kfar Sirkin air base were destroyed, hospitalized prisoners were freed as were female prisoners from the Petah Tikva police station, and he participated in a bank robbery at the Tel Aviv branch of the Barclays Bank. Banai pioneered the use of explosive vehicles, which were used against the CID offices in Haifa, the Sarona military headquarters and the Jaffa Sarai.
Service in the Israel Defense Forces.
Following the United Nations decision on the partition plan, Lehi's turned its attention to the confrontation with the Arabs. During this period Banai participated in numerous combat operations that included the bombing of homes in Arab villages, the bombing of the Sarai in Jaffa (the Arab gathering point for attacks on Tel Aviv), the bombing of the Arab gangs' headquarters in Haifa, and an attempt to bomb the Arab headquarters in Nablus. 
With the formation of the Israel Defense Forces, Banai enlisted as a captain in the 8th Brigade, commanded the Lehi Battalion and served as the liaison officer between the army's Lehi units and Brigadier Yitzhak Sadeh, the commander of the Palmach. Banai quickly rose to become the battalion's Chief of Staff. Following the war, he served for ten years as a battalion commander in charge of the Dan district in the Civil Defense Forces.
Post-military career.
Banai authored the book "Hayalim Almonim" (, "Anonymous Soldiers") based on his experiences in the Lehi. The book is considered the most comprehensive account of the underground movement. In 2006 he edited "Mekorot LeToldot Tnu'at Lohmei Herut Israel (Lehi)" (, "Sources on the History of the Lehi Movement", published by Yair Publishing House).
Banai frequently lectured to soldiers in the Israel Defense Forces, in schools, to youth groups, at community centers, and throughout the country. Banai worked for the Egged bus company and was a member of its Secretariat as well as a manager. Prior to his retirement in 1997, he served as the director of an assisted living facility in Ramat Gan. In 2000, he was awarded the key to the city of Ramat Gan and was the Chairman of an NGO that worked to preserve the historical legacy of the Lehi.
Personal life.
Banai married Hanna Kruger in 1945. They had two children—a son named Shraga and a daughter named Nili.

</doc>
<doc id="21390415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390415" title="Shōin Station">
Shōin Station


</doc>
<doc id="21390421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390421" title="Takojima Station">
Takojima Station

History.
This station was opened on September 21, 1964, by Japanese National Railways as the terminus of the Noto Line. After the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station as well as the line was operated by West Japan Railway Company, which transferred the line and the station to Noto Railway on March 25, 1988.
Noto Railway abandoned the Noto Line and closed the station on April 1, 2005.
Layout.
The station had only one platform serving one track. (See picture)

</doc>
<doc id="21390589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390589" title="Custance state by-election, 1990">
Custance state by-election, 1990

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Custance on 23 June 1990. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Liberal leader and MHA John Olsen.
Results.
The Liberals easily retained the seat after preferences.

</doc>
<doc id="21390597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390597" title="Suessa Pometia">
Suessa Pometia

Suessa Pometia (; also Pometia) was an ancient city of Latium, which had ceased to exist in historical times. Although the modern city of Pomezia is named after it, the exact location of the ancient city is unknown.
It bordered on the Pomptinus ager or Pomptinae Paludes, to which it was supposed to have given name. Virgil reckons it among the colonies of Alba, and must therefore have considered it as a Latin city ("Aen." vi. 776): it is found also in the list of the same colonies given by Diodorus (vii. Fr. 3); but it seems certain that it had at a very early period become a Volscian city. It was taken from that people by Tarquinius Superbus, the first of the Roman kings who is mentioned as having made war on the Volscians (Livy i. 53; Strabo v. p. 231; Vict. "Vir. Ill." 8): Strabo indeed calls it the metropolis of the Volscians, for which we have no other authority; and it is probable that this is a mere inference from the statements as to its great wealth and power. These represent it as a place of such opulence, that it was with the booty derived from thence that Tarquinius was able to commence and carry on the construction of the Capitoline temple at Rome. (Liv. "l. c."; Dionys. iv. 50; Cic. "de Rep." ii. 2. 4; Plin. vii. 16. s. 15). This was indeed related by some writers of Apiolae, another city taken by Tarquin (Val. Antias, "ap. Plin." iii. 5. s. 9), but the current tradition seems to have been that connected with Pometia (Tac. "Hist." iii. 72). The name of Suessa Pometia is only once mentioned before this time, as the place where the sons of Ancus Marcius retired into exile on the accession of Servius. (Liv. i. 41). 
It is clear also that it survived its capture by Tarquin, and even appears again in the wars of the Republic with the Volscians, as a place of great power and importance. Livy indeed calls it a "Colonia Latina", but we have no account of its having become such. It, however, revolted (according to his account) in 503 BCE together with Cora and with the assistance of the Aurunci, and was not taken until the following year, by Sp. Cassius, when the city was destroyed and the inhabitants sold as slaves. (Liv. ii. 16, 17). It nevertheless appears again a few years afterwards (495 BCE) in the hands of the Volscians, at which time children of the leading men of the city were offered as hostages to prevent war, but when war broke out soon afterwards the city was again taken and pillaged by the consul Publius Servilius Priscus Structus ("Ibid." 25; Dionys. vi. 29). This time the blow seems to have been decisive; for the name of Suessa Pometia is never again mentioned in history, and all trace of it disappears. Pliny notices it among the cities which were in his time utterly extinct (Plin. iii. 5. s. 9). and no record seems to have been preserved even of its site. We are, however, distinctly told that the Pomptinus ager and the Pomptine tribe derived their appellation from this city (Fest. s. v. Pomptina, p. 233), and there can therefore be no doubt that it stood in that district or on the verge of it.

</doc>
<doc id="21390603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390603" title="Pometia">
Pometia

Pometia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21390638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390638" title="Louisa Jane Hamilton">
Louisa Jane Hamilton

Louisa Jane Hamilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21390640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390640" title="Chronology of turn-based tactics video games">
Chronology of turn-based tactics video games

This is a comprehensive index of turn-based tactics video games, sorted chronologically. Information regarding date of release, developer, platform, setting and notability is provided when available. The table can be sorted by clicking on the small boxes next to the column headings.

</doc>
<doc id="21390643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390643" title="Elizabeth state by-election, 1984">
Elizabeth state by-election, 1984

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Elizabeth on 1 December 1984. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Labor MHA Peter Duncan, who moved to the federal seat of Makin. The seat had been retained by Labor since it was created and first contested at the 1970 state election.
Results.
Independent Labor candidate Martyn Evans won the seat from Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="21390644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390644" title="Cornish Australian">
Cornish Australian

Cornish Australians are citizens of Australia whose ancestry originates in Cornwall, in England in the United Kingdom, sometimes described as one of the six Celtic Nations. They form part of the worldwide Cornish diaspora, which also includes large numbers of people in the US, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, Mexico and many Latin American countries. Cornish Australians are thought to make up around 4.3 per cent of the Australian population and are thus one of the largest ethnic groups in Australia.
Cornish people first arrived in Australia with Captain Cook, most notably Zachary Hickes, and there were some Cornish convicts on the First Fleet, James Ruse, Mary Bryant, along with several of the early governors. The creation of South Australia, with its emphasis on being free of convicts and religious discrimination, was championed by many Cornish religious dissenting groups and Cornish people comprised a sizeable proportion of settlers to that colony. Large scale Cornish emigration to Australia did not begin until the 1840s, coinciding with the Cornish potato famine and slumps in the Cornish mining industry. The gold rushes and copper booms were major draws on Cornish people, not just from Cornwall itself, but also from other countries where they had previously settled.
In recent years the story of the "Lost Children of Cornwall", child migrants sent from Cornwall to Australia up until the early 1970s, has come under intense scrutiny. The practice of sending apparently unwanted or orphaned Cornish children abroad continued long after it had ceased, after being discredited, in other areas. It has been the subject of apologies by both the Australian and British prime ministers.
Number of Cornish Australians.
A 1996 study by Dr. Charles Price gives the total ethnic strength of Cornish Australians as 269,500 with a total population of 768,100. This is made up by 22,600 of un-mixed origin and 745,500 of mixed origin and equates to 4.3 percent of the Australian population. This makes the Cornish the fourth largest Anglo-Celtic group in Australia after the English, Irish and Scottish, and the fifth largest ethnic group in Australia.
Approximately 10 percent of the population of South Australia, and over 3 percent of Australia as a whole, has significant Cornish ancestry. In the 1986 Australian Census 15,000 people reported their ancestry as Cornish, however, no figure from the 2006 Australian census has been published as to how many reported their ancestry as such in that year.
In 2011 a campaign was launched to increase the number of people writing in their Cornish ancestry on the 2011 Australian Census.
Culture.
Festivals.
The Cornish who moved to Australia brought with them many festivities and holidays. The most important being at Christmas and Midsummer.
The Kernewek Lowender (Cornish for "Cornish happiness"), held biennially since 1973 in the South Australian towns of Moonta, Kadina and Wallaroo, is the largest Cornish festival in the world, attracting tens of thousands of visitors each year.
There have been four Cornish festivals held in the City of Bendigo since 2002. The most recent was held at Eaglehawk in March 2010 and was entitled 'Welcome Back Cousin Jack'(We welcome you 'One and All').
Food and drink.
Cornish food like the Cornish pasty is still popular amongst the Cornish Australian communities. Former premier of South Australia, Don Dunstan, once took part in a pasty-making contest. Swanky beer and saffron cake were very popular in the past and have been revitalised by Kernewek Lowender and the Cornish Associations.
In the 1880s Henry Madren Leggo, whose parents came from St Just, Cornwall, began making vinegar, pickles, sauces, cordials and other grocery goods based on his mother’s traditional recipes. His company, now known as Leggo's, is wrongly believed by many to be Italian.
Angove Family Winemakers, formerly Angove's, was founded by Dr W.T. Angove, a Cornish doctor who migrated to South Australia with his family in 1886. He planted vines in the outer Adelaide suburb of Tea Tree Gully, though 125 years on most of its wines are based on Riverland grapes. They have recently started producing wines from their new vineyard purchased in 2002 in McLaren Vale. The distribution company wholesales not only Angove wines and St Agnes Brandy but also Nicolas Feuillatte Champagne and a dozen other companies' wines and spirits.
Matt Wilkinson of Pope Joan in Brunswick East, Melbourne, won the Southern Final of the Great Australian Sandwichship in 2011 with his lunch roll The Cornish which won an award in its category.
Language.
The Cornish language is spoken by some enthusiasts in Australia.
Members of the Gorsedh Kernow make frequent visits to Australia, and there are a number of Cornish Australian bards.
South Australian Aborigines, particularly the Nunga, are said to speak English with a Cornish accent due to the fact that they were taught English by Cornish miners. Most large towns in South Australia had newspapers at least partially in Cornish dialect. At least 23 Cornish words have made their way into Australian English, these include the mining terms "fossick" and "nugget".
Literature.
Not Only in Stone by Phyllis Somerville is the story of emigrant Cornishwoman, Polly Thomas, who faces many trials and tribulations in the pioneering era of South Australia. The book won the South Australian Centenary novel award in 1936.
Kangaroo is D. H. Lawrence's semi autobiographical novel based on his wartime experiences in Cornwall and subsequent visit to Australia.
D. M. Thomas is an internationally renowned Cornish author who spent part of his childhood in Australia, drawing upon his experiences in his work.
Rosanne Hawke is an award winning author of children's books from Kapunda in South Australia.
Bruce Pascoe, half Cornish, half Aboriginal, writer who takes his wry humour from his ethnic roots.
"The Gommock. Exploits of a Cornish Fool in Colonial Australia." is a historical novel by Marie S. Jackman based around the lives of a Cornish emigrant miner Yestin Tregarthy and his wife Charlotte, set at the Burra Burra copper mine in South Australia.
Nobel-Prize-winning author Patrick White wrote many novels with Cornish characters and themes. His fifth novel"Voss", includes a character by the name of Laura Trevelyan. "A Fringe of Leaves" portrays Cornishwoman Ellen Roxburgh née Gluyas shipwrecked on an island and living amongst the aboriginal population.
The celebrated Australian poet John Blight's ancestors arriving in South Australia on the Lisander, in 1851. In the 1987 recording, "John Blight", he describes his Cornish background and its influence on his style.
Music.
Cornish Christmas carols are still traditionally sung in parts of Australia, just like in Grass Valley, California. Cornish Australians have a place in the transnational Cornish carol writing tradition. "The Christmas Welcome: A Choice Collection of Cornish Carols," published at Moonta in 1893, was one of several such collections published between 1890 and 1925 from Polperro to Johannesburg. The Cornish also used to decorate their houses with greenery for Christmas, a tradition that was transported with them to Australia.
Cornish male voice choirs and brass bands were once a popular part of Cornish Australian culture, but this has waned somewhat. 
Religion.
Many Cornish settlers in Australia were Methodist and many chapels were built in the places that they settled. Others were Anglican, while few were Roman Catholic. Their Methodism was a badge of distinctive Cornishness and also gave them their trade unionist convictions. Most of the 22000 Wesleyan Methodists, 6000 Primitive Methodists and more than 6000 Bible Christians in South Australia in 1866 were Cornish.
Sport.
There has been much involvement of Cornish Australians in sport over the years. Many playing rugby and cricket at an international level. This has led to the Cornish chant of "Oggie, Oggie, Oggie, Oi, Oi, Oi," taken on by all Australians as "Aussie, Aussie, Aussie."
The Cornish took some of their own sports with them to Australia. Cornish wrestling matches were a regular occurrence, held at festivities throughout the year, particularly Midsummer, Easter and Christmas. Thousands attended these contests, which were sometimes spread over several days and with wrestlers representing different mining regions.
Politics.
The Cornish miners founded the first trade unions, and were instrumental in the formation of the Australian Labor Party.The first Labor party minority government in Tasmania (1909) was led by premier John Earle. The first Labor party majority government in South Australia (1910–12) was led by premier John Verran, a Cornishman from Gwennap. The first Labor party majority government in Western Australia (1911–16) was led by premier John Scaddan, a Cornishman from Moonta. Sir Robert Menzies founded the Liberal Party of Australia in 1944.
Heads of Government.
Prime Ministers.
Two of Australia's prime-ministers and one Acting prime Minister are known to have Cornish ancestry.
Premiers.
Fourteen state premiers are known to have strong Cornish connections. At least six Premiers of South Australia, and four Premiers of Western Australia, have been of Cornish descent or birth.
Other Politicians.
There have been many other Australian politicians of Cornish birth or descent. Some of these are listed below, starting with perhaps the most important, Sir John Quick, Founding Father of the Australian Federation.
Immigration.
Early settlers.
During the 18th century many Cornishmen were employed by the Royal Navy. People like Admiral Edward Boscawen and Edward Pellew, conscious of their Cornish identity, recruited heavily from their fellow Cornishmen. Samuel Wallis, from Lanteglos-by-Camelford, was one of Boscawen's protégés and the first European to discover Easter Island and Tahiti in 1767. Cornish naval officers played a major role in the early years of the Australian colony.
Governors.
After its founding in 1788 two of the first Governors of the New South Wales colony were Cornish.
Philip Gidley King – 3rd Governor, who arrived on the First Fleet as First Lieutenant in Captain Phillips' ship. One of those who went ashore to look for water, he had his first encounter with the Aborigines, offering them beads and mirrors. Botany Bay proving a disappointment, King recommended the location at Port Jackson as an alternative. Ralph Clark, an officer of Marines, compared the new location with the River Tamar in Cornwall, 'I cannot compair any think to come nearer to it than about 3 miles above Saltash on the Wair.' King and 22 others were sent to colonise Norfolk Island. This eventually came to nothing and the island was abandoned in 1806. After a traumatic time on the island King went back to Britain to recuperate, leaving Nicholas Nepean, from Saltash, in charge. He returned in November 1791 and in 1800 he became governor of New South Wales. In 1803 he ordered the occupation of Van Diemen's Land as a convict settlement, there he founded Launceston named after the town of his birth.
William Bligh – 4th Governor, most famous as the victim of the Mutiny on the Bounty, he was also unfortunate enough to be the victim of a "coup d'etat" at the hands of the infamous Rum Corps on 26 January 1808. He had tried to reign them in, something King had failed to do, but instead spent the next two years in exile on Van Diemen's Land while the colony was ruled by a military junta. He returned in 1810 when Lachlan Macquarie was appointed as governor. Shortly afterwards he left Australia for good.
Sir George Arthur – Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land, now the State of Tasmania, 1823–1837. At the time Van Diemen's Land was the main British penal colony and it was separated from New South Wales in 1825. It was during Arthur's time in office that Van Diemen's Land gained much of its notorious reputation as a harsh penal colony. He selected Port Arthur as the ideal location for a prison settlement, on a peninsula connected by a narrow, easily guarded isthmus, surrounded by shark-infested seas. He failed in his attempts to reform the colony and the system of penal transportation with Arthur's autocratic and authoritarian rule leading to his recall. By this time he was one of the wealthiest men in the colony. He returned to Britain in 1837.
Convicts.
On the First Fleet 21 Cornish convicts arrived in Australia aboard the Charlotte and Scarborough in 1788. A further twelve were sent in the Second Fleet of 1790, though six died on the way, and sixteen were carried on the Third Fleet of 1791. Some 600 convicts were transported from Cornwall to Australia between 1787 and 1852, 78 per cent of whom were male. Some of the most famous of these included:
Mining.
The greatest waves of Cornish immigrants to Australia came to mine various minerals including copper, silver and gold. Some of the greatest areas of Cornish settlement are listed below. During the late 18th and early 19th centuries over a third of the Cornish workforce was employed in the mining industry. A mixture of famine and collapses in the mining industry in their native Cornwall forced many thousands of Cornish people to leave their homes from the 1840s. However their skills in hard-rock and metalliferous mining were so sought after that tens of thousands more were sent for over the following decades to build the growing Australian mining industry. This was added to during the gold-rushes, when even more Cornish arrived to seek their fortune.
South Australia.
Samuel Stephens became the first adult colonist to put foot on South Australian soil when he landed at Nepean Bay on 27 July 1836. He was followed by hundreds of other Cornish people over the following five years. His brother, John Stephens, was active in promoting the new colony within Britain, publishing his book, "The Land of Promise", in 1839.
Ten percent of the South Australian population has significant Cornish ancestry. Cornish surnames are more heavily concentrated in South Australia where six of the top ten surnames are Cornish.
Internationally renowned Cornish author D. M. Thomas, who spent part of his childhood in Melbourne, visited the town of Truro, South Australia in the late 20th Century. There, he found that, ""Cornwall seemed close ... Cornish miners had come in droves in the last century, and played a large part in founding the state. A High School class to which I read and talked had three children with solidly Cornish names, who knew all about their ancestry.""
Copper Triangle.
In its heyday Moonta was South Australia's second largest town after Adelaide and was predominately settled by Cornish miners and their families. Today it is known as 'Australia's Little Cornwall'. Along with the other principal towns of Kadina and Wallaroo in the northern Yorke Peninsula this mining area became known as the Copper Triangle and was a significant source of prosperity for South Australia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Today Moonta is most famous for its traditional Cornish pasties and its Cornish style miner's cottages and mine engine houses such as Richman's and Hughes engines houses built in the 1860s. Many streets and houses have Cornish names. Many descendants of these Cornish families bearing their Cornish surnames still live in the Copper Triangle and the area is intensely proud of its Cornish heritage. Many of the original miners cottages made from wattle and daub still stand and are still lived in by local residents. Many Cornish subsequently left the area during the Victorian and Western Australian gold-rushes.
Kapunda.
Copper was discovered in Kapunda in the 1840s, coinciding with the Cornish potato famine which led to many Cornish people emigrating to the town.
Adelaide Hills.
Copper was discovered at Montacute, in the Adelaide Hills, soon after Kapunda, and Cornish miners were in the forefront of this development.
Burra Burra.
The Burra mine, or 'the Monster' as it was colloquially known, acted like a magnet to the Cornish in Australia. Discovered in 1845, it proved to be an incredibly rich mine, sparking a new wave of immigration to South Australia. The main township is called Redruth after Redruth in Cornwall.
Victoria.
The Cornish played an important role in the development of the Victorian goldfields.
Bendigo.
In 1881 46.9 percent of fathers and 41.4 percent of mothers in Bendigo were born in Cornwall. This was in addition to those Cornish who were born in Australia or places as far afield as Mexico or Brazil. The Cornish in Bendigo outnumbered the combined strength of their Irish and Scottish counterparts.
Ballarat.
Along with Bendigo, Ballarat was one of the major Cornish mining settlements in Victoria.
Geelong.
Many Cornish settled in Geelong, especially after the decline of the gold-fields.
New South Wales.
Broken Hill.
Many Moonta and Bendigo Cornish took up mining in Broken Hill. The Cornish presence in Broken Hill was bolstered by Cornish American miners from Nevada, who brought with them better technology for working in the silver-lead sulphide deposits.
Western Australia.
There were Cornish mining copper in Western Australia from the 1840s, but this was increased with the discovery of gold.
Coolgardie.
Once the third largest town in Western Australia, Coolgardie attracted the Cornish during the 1890s to mine gold.
Kalgoorlie-Boulder.
The city of Kalgoorlie with Boulder attracted great numbers of Cornish both from within and outside Australia, due to their extensive goldfields.
Murchison River.
Cornish miners worked at the Geraldine mine in Western Australia and the nearby town of Northampton. Their produce was shipped out of Port Gregory, Western Australia in small vessels like the tramp steamer SS Xantho and then transhipped to the port of Geraldton where it was loaded onto wool ships bound for England as a form of 'paying ballast'.
Cornish associations.
There are many Cornish associations in Australia, as there are around the world. The Cornish Association of South Australia is the oldest, being run continuously since 1890. Others include The Cornish Association of Bendigo and District, The Cornish Association of New South Wales, Southern Sons of Cornwall inc., The Cornish Association of Queensland, The Cornish Association of North Yorke Peninsula, The Cornish Association of Tasmania, The Cornish Association of Victoria, and The Cornish Association of Western Australia.
Names.
There are many names of businesses and places in Australia that are named after Cornish people and places.
Places.
Named after Cornish people.
Places named after Evan Nepean, a Cornish politician in the late eighteenth century. The name "Nepean" is thought to come from Nanpean ("the head of the valley"), in Cornish:
Places named after Henry Dangar:

</doc>
<doc id="21390652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390652" title="Louisa Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn">
Louisa Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn

Lady Louisa Jane Russell, VA (8 July 1812 – 31 March 1905) was the wife of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn, and the daughter of John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford, by his second wife, Lady Georgiana Gordon. She was the mother of Louisa Montagu-Douglas-Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch, and therefore the paternal great grandmother of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the maternal 2nd great-grandmother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester. She was also the mother of James Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Abercorn, and therefore the paternal great-grandmother of Cynthia Spencer, Countess Spencer, and the paternal 3rd great-grandmother of Diana, Princess of Wales, and the maternal 4th great-grandmother of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry. Through her daughter Lady Louisa Jane Hamilton she also is the maternal 3rd great-grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York.
Early Life, Marriage, and Family.
Lady Louisa Jane Russell was born on Wednesday, 8 July 1812. She was the sixth child of eight, and a second daughter for John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford and Lady Georgiana Gordon.
On Thursday 25 October 1832, at Gordon Castle, Fochabers, Morayshire, Scotland, Louisa married James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Abercorn, the son of James Hamilton, Viscount Hamilton, and Harriet Douglas. Louisa and James had fourteen children:
Louisa was still living at the time of the birth of her great-great-grandson, the future Prime Minister Alec Douglas-Home, on 2 July 1903.
Death.
The Duchess of Abercorn died at Coates Castle, Coates, West Sussex, England on Friday, 31 March 1905, aged 92. She survived her husband by almost twenty years.
She was interred on Wednesday, 5 April 1905, in Chenies, Buckinghamshire; she left an Estate worth over £24,000.

</doc>
<doc id="21390676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390676" title="Manx Australian">
Manx Australian

Manx Australians are Australians of Manx descent.
According to the Census 2006, there were 1,854 Manx Australians while 46,600 people have Manx origins. 

</doc>
<doc id="21390690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390690" title="Chaowa Pawa (1959 film)">
Chaowa Pawa (1959 film)

Chaowa Pawa (, English:To Want And To Receive) is a 1959 Indian Bengali comedy drama film directed by Yatrik. The film is starring Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen.

</doc>
<doc id="21390703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390703" title="Bragg state by-election, 1983">
Bragg state by-election, 1983

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Bragg on 14 May 1983. This was triggered by the resignation of former Premier and state Liberal MHA David Tonkin. The seat had been retained by the Liberals since it was created and first contested at the 1970 state election.
Results.
The Liberals easily retained the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21390726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390726" title="Nishi-Kokubunji Station">
Nishi-Kokubunji Station

Lines.
Nishi-Kokubunji Station is served by the Chūō Line (Rapid) from to , and by the orbital Musashino Line from to and Tokyo.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks at ground level for the Chūō Line (Rapid), and two elevated side platforms at right angles to these serving two tracks for the Musashino Line. A third track lies between these two tracks for use by non-stop freight trains.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket counter.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 26,804 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21390742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390742" title="Florey state by-election, 1982">
Florey state by-election, 1982

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Florey on 4 September 1982. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Labor MHA Harold O'Neill. The seat had been retained by Labor since it was created and first contested at the 1970 state election.
Results.
Labor easily retained the seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21390747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390747" title="Liocarcinus depurator">
Liocarcinus depurator

Liocarcinus depurator, sometimes called the harbour crab or sandy swimming crab, is a species of crab found in the North Sea, Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, and Black Sea. It grows up to in width and long, and can be distinguished from other crabs, such as the shore crab "Carcinus maenas", by the curved rows of white spots on its carapace.
The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1758, in his 10th edition of "Systema Naturae". It has a synonym, "Portunus plicatus", which was given by Antoine Risso in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="21390765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390765" title="John Montagu Douglas Scott, 7th Duke of Buccleuch">
John Montagu Douglas Scott, 7th Duke of Buccleuch

John Charles Montagu Douglas Scott, 7th Duke of Buccleuch and 9th Duke of Queensberry KT GCVO (30 March 1864 – 19 October 1935) was a Scottish Member of Parliament (MP) and peer.
Early life, marriage and family.
Buccleuch was born in 1864, the son of William Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch and Lady Louisa Hamilton. He was the second of eight children. His elder brother, Walter Henry, Earl of Dalkeith, was accidentally killed in a deer-hunting accident in Achnacary Forest, at the age of 25. Walter was unmarried, and the title of Earl of Dalkeith passed to John. He is a descendant of Charles II.
On Monday 30 January 1893, John married Lady Margaret Alice "Molly" Bridgeman, daughter of George Bridgeman, 4th Earl of Bradford and Lady Ida Frances Annabella Lumley, daughter of Richard Lumley, 9th Earl of Scarbrough. They had eight children:
Career.
Buccleuch held the following posts:
Death.
Buccleuch died from cancer at Bowhill, Selkirkshire, Borders, Scotland, on 19 October 1935, aged 71, less than a month before his daughter Lady Alice Christabel Montagu Douglas Scott was to wed HRH The Prince Henry, the third son of King George V and Queen Mary. The marriage was to take place at Westminster Abbey, but given the circumstances, the event was scaled back and the venue changed to The Private Chapel, Buckingham Palace.
Buccleuch was buried on 22 October 1935 in the family crypt of the Buccleuch Memorial Chapel in St. Mary's Episcopal Church, Dalkeith, Midlothian. The church is located on Dalkeith's High Street, at the entrance to Dalkeith Country Park. He was succeeded by his son, Walter.

</doc>
<doc id="21390773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390773" title="Trinidad and Tobago women's national football team">
Trinidad and Tobago women's national football team

The Trinidad & Tobago women's national football team is nicknamed the 'Soca Princesses'. They are one of the top women's national football teams in the Caribbean region along with Jamaica and Haiti. Trinidad & Tobago women's national football team is currently coached by Randy Waldrum who is also the head coach of the Houston Dash. As of June 14, 2014 the team is currently Not-Ranked by FIFA due to inactivity of at least 18 months.
Home ground.
The national team plays their home games generally in one of three stadia in the country. Games of significant importance are usually played at the Hasely Crawford Stadium. However, many World Cup qualification matches have been played at the Queen's Park Oval, a multipurpose, but primarily cricket, stadium. Low profile games, such as international friendlies against other islands in the Caribbean, are played at the Marvin Lee Stadium.
Current squad.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |

</doc>
<doc id="21390776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390776" title="Abraham Higginbotham">
Abraham Higginbotham

Abraham Higginbotham is a writer, producer, and occasional actor for popular comedy series such as "Arrested Development", "Will & Grace", "Back to You" and "Do Not Disturb".
Higginbotham got his big break after submitting a spec script for "Will & Grace". He served as executive producer of Fox's "Do Not Disturb" and is currently a consulting producer for Fox's "Family Guy". He has also written for and produced "Ugly Betty", and is currently working on the ABC comedy "Modern Family".
He is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="21390789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390789" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisa County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisa County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisa County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21390793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390793" title="Big Bethel AME Church">
Big Bethel AME Church

The Big Bethel AME Church is the oldest African-American congregation in the Sweet Auburn neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia, and is the mother church of AME in North Georgia. It is located at 220 Auburn Avenue NE in the Sweet Auburn neighborhood. It is the "first" church on the North Atlanta District, in the Atlanta-North Georgia Annual Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church.
Big Bethel was founded in 1847 as Union Church in the town of Marthasville, Georgia. Marthasville became Terminus, and finally Atlanta, and Union Church became Bethel Church, then Bethel Tabernacle. At the close of the Civil War, the AME Church spread rapidly throughout the former Confederacy, and the Bethel Tabernacle allied herself with the denomination, becoming Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church. Her first pastor was Rev. Joseph Woods.
In 1879, the first public school for blacks in Atlanta, Gate City Colored School, was founded in the basement of the church, though it would later move to Houston Street. Morris Brown College held its first classes here in 1881 before moving to its first campus. Big Bethel was known as "Sweet Auburn's City Hall." In 1911, President William Howard Taft spoke here, as did Nelson Mandela in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21390799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390799" title="Kunitachi Station">
Kunitachi Station

Lines.
Kunitachi Station is served by the Chūō Line (Rapid).
Station layout.
The station has one elevated side platform and one island platform, serving a total of three tracks.
History.
Kunitachi Station opened on 1 April 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="21390829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390829" title="Nokia E63">
Nokia E63

The Nokia E63 is a budget business smartphone, released late in 2008. It is based on Symbian's S60 platform. Although it looks very similar to E71, its fascia is made of plastic and not aluminium as in E71 (both have plastic chassis). Also its keypad is made from a different material and is laid out slightly different from that of the E71. Many of the specifications are identical to the E71 except for the lack of GPS and infrared, lesser RAM, lack of HSDPA and lower-quality camera with a fixed-focus lens. The E63 does come with the ability to use the camera flash as a light, which is not present in the E71. It also has a standard 3.5 mm audio jack where the E71 uses a 2.52 mm jack.
Specifications:
Current firmware version: 510.21.010 released on 28 March 2011
Operating frequency:

</doc>
<doc id="21390839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390839" title="Mitcham state by-election, 1982">
Mitcham state by-election, 1982

A by-election was held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Mitcham on 8 May 1982. This was triggered by the resignation of former state Democrats MHA Robin Millhouse.
Results.
The Australia Party, who contested the previous election and gained 0.3 percent, did not contest the by-election. The Democrats retained the seat by 45 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="21390844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390844" title="Hino Station (Tokyo)">
Hino Station (Tokyo)

Lines.
Hino Station is served by the Chūō Line (Rapid).
History.
Hino Station opened on 6 January 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="21390852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390852" title="All-American Canal Bridge">
All-American Canal Bridge

The All-American Canal Bridge is a bridge that carries Interstate 8 over the All-American Canal, a canal that supplies water from the Colorado River to the agricultural areas of the Imperial Valley.
The bridge is located in Imperial County, California, east of El Centro. The current eastbound was originally built in 1939 as U.S. Route 80; in 1969, the bridge was widened to include freeway shoulders, and the bridge to serve westbound traffic was built as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21390853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390853" title="Nishi-Hachiōji Station">
Nishi-Hachiōji Station

Lines.
Nishi-Hachiōji Station is served by the Chūō Line (Rapid).

</doc>
<doc id="21390875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390875" title="Equity and gender feminism">
Equity and gender feminism

Equity feminism and gender feminism are two kinds of feminism, first defined by scholar Christina Hoff Sommers in her 1992 book "Who Stole Feminism?". Equity feminism has the ideological objective of equal legal rights for men and women, whereas gender feminism has the objective of counteracting gender-based discrimination and patriarchic social structures also outside of the legal system in everyday social and cultural practice. Sommers is herself a strong advocate of what she calls equity feminism, and opposed to what she calls gender feminism.
Equity feminism.
Sommers describes equity feminism as an ideology rooted in classical liberalism, and that aims for full civil and legal equality for women. Experimental psychologist Steven Pinker expands on Sommers to write, "Equity feminism is a moral doctrine about equal treatment that makes no commitments regarding open empirical issues in psychology or biology."
Sommers contends that "Most American women subscribe philosophically to the older 'First Wave' kind of feminism whose main goal is equity, especially in politics and education". However, Sommers also argues that equity feminism is a minority position in academia, formalized feminist theory, and the organized feminist movement as a whole, who tend to embrace gender feminism.
Feminists who identify themselves with equity feminism include Jean Bethke Elshtain, Elizabeth Fox-Genovese, Noretta Koertge, Donna Laframboise, Mary Lefkowitz, Carrie Lukas, Wendy McElroy, Camille Paglia, Daphne Patai, Virginia Postrel, Alice Rossi, Nadine Strossen, Joan Kennedy Taylor, Cathy Young, and evolutionary psychologist Steven Pinker.
Varieties of equity feminism include classical liberal feminism and individualist feminism.
To take the matter of equity feminism a step further, Londa Schiebinger- a professor at the Stanford University, demonstrates how equity feminism throughout history is clearly shown but has not improved to reach its main goal of equality. She provides statistics that illustrate how women are the minority and on unequal grounds as men. She explains in Has Feminism Changed Science, how women are placed, “ in what is known as soft science” fields that are carry less prestige and less money while the men are involved mostly in, “in the three big scientific fields…chemistry, medical science, and engineering1920’s and 1930’s”. Schiebinger also mentions the idea of the pipeline: the approach to the problem of women’s low participation in science from the top down, where she states that perhaps the solution is, “reforming the individuals- giving girls the benefits of boy’s socialization” The size of the disparity is decreasing as more females enter engineering and science, but not all females are successful at conducting careers in engineering and men tend to be successful at higher rates. The National Science Foundation reported in 2010 that while the enrollment of females in undergraduate institutions was greater than that of their male counterparts - 1,724,222 women versus 1,484,652 males enrolled - upon reaching the doctoral levels, the reverse was true, with 11,102 males and 9,648 females. The statistics indicate while women are participating in the sciences, parity has not been achieved between the two genders in the workforce and at higher levels of education.
Females start participating in the science fields but there is not enough to reach even near to equality. According to the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, “As of last year, America ranked 27th out of 37 developed countries for women’s labor force participation”. CNN Money states that there has been a hold on the rise of women’s participation in the work force giving the statistics of, “ in 1950…37% of women ages 25-54 participated in the labor force…74% by 1990…Today, still only 74% of women are active in the U.S. workforce…” Scheibinger states“ between 1982 and 1989 more than 20 percent of all women working in science and engineering left their jobs." 
Causes of gender inequality.
Constraints on women throughout the eras have kept women in the private sphere and out of the public sphere. Constraints that Londa Schiebinger mentions in Has Feminism Changed Science: gendered ads, gendered toy manufacturers, gendered computer programs and discrimination. She concludes that society places certain expectations on a being from the moment the sex of the child is determined giving more social benefits to males than females, “… their performance judged by different standards than men's, having to work harder to have their work valued as highly as a man’s.
Gender feminism.
In contrast to equity feminism, Sommers coined the term "Gender feminism" to describe what she contends is a gynocentric branch of feminism. Gender feminists typically criticize contemporary gender roles and aim to eliminate them altogether.
Sommers argues that gender feminism characterizes most of the body of modern feminist theory, and is the prevailing ideology in academia. She argues that while the feminists she designates as gender feminists advocate preferential treatment and portray "all women as victims", equity feminism provides a viable alternative form of feminism to those who object to elements of gender feminist ideology.
Equity feminism and the sciences.
The Pipeline Model was a metaphor used back in the 1980s to describe the lack of women in the sciences. Statistician Betty Verner painted a picture of the pipeline model stating that for any 2000 group of high school boys and girls, in college, 143 boys will major in a science, while only 45 girls will do so. Once committed to a science degree, however, a greater percentage of girls will complete it: 44 of the original 143 men versus 20 of the original 45. As this group progresses to graduate school, the pipeline will yield a ratio of 5 men for every 1 woman with a doctorate's degree in the natural sciences.
The National Science Foundation reported in their Science and Engineering Doctorate Awards that of all the Ph.D.'s granted, 37.6% were awarded to women. The lack of women participation is more severe as one progresses toward the physical sciences, with 42.2% of doctorates granted to women in biology, 28.2% in chemistry, and 13.0% in physics. Virtually no women were granted a doctorate in nuclear physics. Revered physicist Evelyn Fox Keller and Stanford professor in philosopher of science, Helen Longino, "named physical sciences as one of two majors areas in need of further work" with respect to parity between men and women.
Since there has been an increased awareness on the lack of female participation in the sciences, great efforts have been made in improving academic preparation of young girls in mathematics and science. The Pipeline Model, mentioned above, approached the problem from the bottom up, "predicting that if more girls entered the educational end of the pipeline, more women would be turned into credentialed specialists and empty into the science job pool.". This model placed pressure on schools to improve their teaching of science and math so that more people, specifically girls, would become better equipped with the skill set to pursue degrees and jobs in these fields. These concerns have led to the development of three national level plans for reforming science education at the K-12 levels: American Association for the Advancement of Science's Project 2061, the National Science Teachers Association's "Scope, Sequence, and Coordination of Secondary School Science" project, and the National Research Council's "National Science Education Standards" project.
Professor of anthropology at the University of Colorado, Margaret Eisenhart, however, does not believe the equity feminism method proposed in all 3 plans is the best way to approach the problem. She says "the changes are all compensatory strategies to provide access to science for previously underrepresented groups. Compensatory strategies treat disadvantaged persons ... but only with the aim of enabling them to measure up to a standard already set by the advantaged group". She believes efforts to increase the diversity of people in science should not depend on new curriculum plans or "outcome measures that focus on conventional science.". In 1994, the National Research Council reported the Pipeline Model to be a flawed approach to the problem, seeing as how it does not provide "insight into how the structure of institutions or the current practices of science need to change before women can comfortably join the ranks of scientists.
Spread of terminology.
The online Stanford Encyclopedia of philosophy has adopted the terminology of Sommers in its article on "Liberal Feminism" as has Victor Conde's "A handbook of international human rights terminology" and the "Routledge International Encyclopedia of Women". Both these reference works have a single article on "equity vs. gender feminism", though Routledge refers to the latter as "difference feminism".
In a 1995 interview in "Mother Jones" magazine (about a year after the publication of Sommers' book), Gloria Steinem declared she found it hard to take the classification entirely seriously, and that she did not believe there were really two camps.

</doc>
<doc id="21390878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390878" title="Sagamiko Station">
Sagamiko Station

Station history.
Sagamiko Station first opened on August 1, 1901, as for both freight and passenger service on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Chūō Line. The JGR became the JNR after the end of World War II. The station was renamed to its present name on April 10, 1956.
Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in 1971, and parcel services on November 16 1961. With the dissolution and privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company. Automated turnstiles using the Suica IC Card system came into operation from November 18, 2001.
Layout.
Sagamiko Station has a single island platform and a side platform serving three tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass. The middle platform (Platform 2) is used only for through traffic

</doc>
<doc id="21390886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390886" title="Fujino Station">
Fujino Station

History.
Fujino Station first opened on July 15, 1901, as a passenger station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Chūō Line. The JGR became the JNR after the end of World War II. With the dissolution and privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company. Automated turnstiles using the Suica IC Card system came into operation from November 18, 2001.
Layout.
Fujino Station has a single island platform serving two tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="21390901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390901" title="Uenohara Station">
Uenohara Station

Station history.
Uenohara Station first opened on August 1, 1901, as a station for both freight and passenger service on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Chūō Main Line. The JGC became the JNR after the end of World War II. Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in April 1, 1980. With the dissolution and privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company. Automated turnstiles using the Suica IC Card system came into operation from November 18, 2001.
Layout.
Uenohara Station has a single island platform serving two tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="21390908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390908" title="Séamus Keely">
Séamus Keely

Séamus P. Keely (28 December 1889 – 20 March 1974) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the 1933 general election. He did not contest the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21390911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390911" title="Shiotsu Station">
Shiotsu Station

Station history.
Shiotsu Station first opened on December 15, 1910, as a station for both freight and passenger service on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Chūō Main Line. The JGC became the JNR after the end of World War II. Regularly scheduled freight services were discontinued in April 20, 1960. With the dissolution and privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company. Automated turnstiles using the Suica IC Card system came into operation from November 18, 2001.
Layout.
Shiotsu Station has a single island platform and a single side platform serving three tracks, connected to the station building by an overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="21390921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390921" title="Yanagawa Station (Yamanashi)">
Yanagawa Station (Yamanashi)

Station history.
Yanagawa Station was opened on April 1, 1949, as a passenger station on the Japanese National Railways (JNR) Chūō Main Line. It has been unattended since March 1 1985. With the dissolution and privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987, the station came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company. The station building was rebuilt in November 1990 in a log-cabin style after a fire destroyed the former building. Automated turnstiles using the Suica IC Card system came into operation from November 18, 2001.
Layout.
Yanagawa Station has a single island platform serving two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21390980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390980" title="Live at the 6th Tokyo Music Joy">
Live at the 6th Tokyo Music Joy

Live at the 6th Tokyo Music Joy is a live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Lester Bowie's Brass Fantasy recorded in February 1990 for the Japanese DIW label. It is the only recording to showcase both of the groups that Lester Bowie established and features performances by the Art Ensemble (tracks 1-3), the Brass Fantasy (tracks 4-6) and both bands (tracks 7-10).
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars. 
The Penguin Guide to Jazz calls the album "A celebratory meeting but not a great one". 

</doc>
<doc id="21390991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21390991" title="Eamon Donnelly">
Eamon Donnelly

Eamon Donnelly (1877 – 29 December 1944) was an Irish politician.
Born in Middletown, County Armagh, he was a member of the Irish Volunteers. In 1921 he joined Éamon de Valera's anti-treaty forces and remained a critic of partition until his death. He was interned and on his release was appointed Chief Organiser of Sinn Féin.
While living in Newry, Donnelly was elected as an independent republican member of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the Armagh constituency at the 1925 general election. Shortly after his election, he was served with an order excluding him from Northern Ireland. No official reason was given for the granting of this order.
In 1926, he became a founder member of Fianna Fáil. Donnelly was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Leix–Offaly constituency at the 1933 general election. He did not contest the 1937 general election. He also served as Director of Elections for Fianna Fáil.
In 1938, Donnelly visited his wife's house near Newry, and was imprisoned in Belfast Prison, before being given a choice between paying a fine of £25 or returning to prison. Again, no reason for his imprisonment and exclusion was revealed. That year, he stood for election to the 2nd Seanad, but was not successful.
In 1942, Donnelly was again elected to the Parliament of Northern Ireland, this time in a by-election for Belfast Falls. He did not take his seat.
He died in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="21391014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391014" title="Lucian Piane">
Lucian Piane

Lucian Piane (born October 4, 1980), also known by the Internet nickname RevoLucian, is an American composer and music producer. He has composed music for several films, television shows, theater productions and singers, and received a Recording Industry Association of America Platinum Album Award for his production work on "Hairspray: Soundtrack to the Motion Picture". Piane has also achieved Internet fame under the name RevoLucian for his satirical techno remixes, most notably "Bale Out", which featured profanity-laced tirades from actor Christian Bale made on the set of "Terminator Salvation".
Career.
Piane graduated from New York University in 2003 with a Bachelor of Music in Composition. He has worked closely with composer and songwriter Marc Shaiman; the two have collaborated on such films as ', "Rumor Has It..." and "Hairspray", as well as the Broadway show ', and the 76th Academy Awards. Piane received a Recording Industry Association of America Platinum Album Award for his production work on New Line Records' "Hairspray: Soundtrack to the Motion Picture", which was also nominated for a Grammy Award. Piane scored the music for the 2006 musical "In Your Dreams", which was written by Zeke Farrow.
Piane has composed scores for the HBO documentary "An Omar Broadway Film" and the film "Pretty Ugly People". He wrote the song "Year End Rap" which blogger Perez Hilton performed on his VH1 special, "What Perez Sez". Piane also wrote the song "Stunning" for Calpernia Addams for her reality television show, "Transamerican Love Story". Piane lives in Los Angeles, California, and in 2009 worked on the album Champion by RuPaul. Piane composed the music for the 2009 horror film, "Sorority Row", and arranged music for a song and video called "The Clap" by Perez Hilton, recorded for the motion picture soundtrack of the film "". In 2011 he teamed up with RuPaul again producing the album Glamazon. On February 24, 2014
his third album with RuPaul, Born Naked, was released.
Internet remixes.
Piane has also achieved Internet fame for his satirical celebrity techno remixes. Published under his online name RevoLucian, Piane has released remixes featuring Barbra Streisand, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, political commentator Bill O'Reilly, and Andrew Meyer, who received national media attention when he was tasered by police during a speech given by U.S. Senator John Kerry at the University of Florida. Piane has described his remixes as "just a hobby." His remix of Streisand's 2006 outburst was described as a "dance-tastic song" by Maxine Shen and Raakhee Mirchandani of the "New York Post" who highlighted it on their hot list of "What We're Obsessed With This Week". Louis Bayard of "Salon" highlighted Piane's remix of the O'Reilly outburst made public in 2008, in their "Critics' Picks" column.
Piane attracted particularly strong attention for "Bale Out" a three-minute-long techno remix featuring audio clips from a profanity-laced tirade actor Christian Bale delivered to cinematographer Shane Hurlbut on the set of "Terminator Salvation". Piane made the song shortly after Bale attracted national media attention in February 2009, and "Bale Out" became so popular it attracted media attention itself. He initially heard the audio of Bale while working on an album for RuPaul. The song was posted on the websites MySpace and YouTube on February 2, 2009, and received over 200,000 views within one day. By February 4, 2009, it had received 700,000 views. Regarding the song, Piane said, "I think most people are enjoying it. I don't know if Christian Bale is enjoying it, but I hope he does. I think I've taken something that maybe made him look really bad and turned it into something that all these people are enjoying." In an interview with "E!: Entertainment Television", Christian Bale said of the song, "It was a good remix. They did a good job." After receiving a remix of his outburst from a friend, Bale said, "They did a bloody good job! I've gotta say, what a great impulse, you know? To take something ugly like that and make it into a dance? That's a wonderful thing." McG, the director of "Terminator Salvation", has also praised "Bale Out" and has a copy of the song on his iPod.

</doc>
<doc id="21391021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391021" title="Peripheral T-cell lymphoma">
Peripheral T-cell lymphoma

Peripheral T-cell lymphoma refers to a group of T-cell lymphomas that develop away from the thymus.
Examples include:
In ICD-10, cutaneous T-cell lymphomas are classified separately.

</doc>
<doc id="21391022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391022" title="Tom Hahl">
Tom Hahl

Tom Hahl (born October 6, 1965 in Hameenlinna) is a Finnish ten-pin bowler who has won bowling titles in 16 different countries worldwide in his international career.
He made Finnish National Team for the first time at age of 18. In 1987 at the FIQ World Championships he won the individual Bronze medal in the Masters, All-Events and a Silver medal in Trios and Five man teams. In 1990 he won the prestigious AMF World Cup in Pattaya Thailand. In 2002 he participated in the World Games in Kobe, Japan, by finishing third. Tom Hahl has bowled 22 career 300 perfect games. Hahl has been living in and representing Singapore since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21391025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391025" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lunenburg County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lunenburg County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Lunenburg County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21391046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391046" title="Hugh Doherty">
Hugh Doherty

Hugh Doherty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21391052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391052" title="Hugh Doherty (Irish politician)">
Hugh Doherty (Irish politician)

Hugh Doherty (1903 – 13 October 1972) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Donegal constituency at the 1932 general election, but was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for same constituency at the 1933 general election. He did not contest the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="21391068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391068" title="Damaskinos">
Damaskinos

Damaskinos or Damaskenos (, "from Damascus"), is a Greek name, found both as a first name and as a surname. It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21391134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391134" title="Lawrence Ministry">
Lawrence Ministry

The Lawrence Ministry was the 31st Ministry of the Government of Western Australia, and was led by Labor Premier Dr Carmen Lawrence and her deputy Ian Taylor. It succeeded the Dowding Ministry on 18 February 1990, following the resignation of Peter Dowding six days earlier following an open letter signed by a majority of the 47-member Labor caucus. The ministry was in turn succeeded by the Court–Cowan Ministry on 16 February 1993 after the Labor Party lost government at the state election held on 6 February.
Overview.
Of the former Dowding ministry, 15 of the 17 ministers retained office—Peter Dowding and Julian Grill were not reappointed, and backbenchers Pam Buchanan (Ashburton) and Dr Geoff Gallop (Victoria Park) took their place. Two months later, former Deputy Premier David Parker resigned from both the Ministry and from Parliament.
At a caucus meeting held on 29 January 1991, a spill motion was carried which created three vacancies in the Ministry. On 5 February, Jeff Carr, Gavan Troy and Pam Buchanan were removed as Ministers, whilst Eric Ripper, Dr Judyth Watson and Jim McGinty were sworn in. A major crisis was precipitated when Carr resigned from Parliament, with his seat of Geraldton being won by a Liberal at a by-election, whilst Troy ceased to attend caucus meetings and Buchanan resigned from the party, sitting as an Independent. With the resignation of left-wing MLA Dr Ian Alexander a month later, the Government was forced to depend on independents in the Legislative Assembly to maintain supply—the first time Western Australia had had minority government since 1905.
First Ministry.
On 16 February 1990, the Lieutenant-Governor and Administrator, Sir Francis Burt, constituted the Ministry. He designated 17 principal executive offices of the Government and appointed the following ministers to their positions, and served until the reconstitution of the Ministry on 5 February 1991. The list below is ordered by decreasing seniority within the Cabinet, as indicated by the Government Gazette and the Hansard index.
The members of the Ministry were:
Second Ministry.
On 5 February 1991, the Governor, Sir Francis Burt, reconstituted the Ministry. He designated 16 principal executive offices of the Government and appointed the ministers to their positions. The appointed members remained Ministers until the end of the Lawrence Ministry on 16 February 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="21391143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391143" title="Sharanjit Leyl">
Sharanjit Leyl

Sharanjit Leyl is a Singaporean Producer/Presenter, with BBC World News. She regularly anchors Asia Business Report and Newsday from the BBC's Singapore studio. She is also a reporter and producer on the shows along with World Business Report. She has filed reports for radio on the BBC World Service business programmes as well as its arts and culture programme The Strand, and written for BBC news online.
Career.
Sharanjit began her broadcasting career at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1997. While there she reported for the award-winning show, "The Pacific Rim Report". In 1999 Sharanjit moved to Singapore where she had a similar role at the financial news service provider Bridge Information Systems.
She joined Bloomberg Television in March 2000 and moved to its headquarters in Tokyo. There she presented its main three-hour newscast, "On The Money Asia", reporting on breaking financial stories as well as major news events such as the US-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003. Sharanjit played an integral role in editing and influencing the content of Bloomberg's Asian programming.
Sharanjit Leyl joined BBC World News as a producer and reporter in September 2003 and has since reported and presented from places as far afield as Pakistan, Tokyo and London.
Her other interviews have included the Chairman of Starbucks, Howard Schultz; Microsoft founder Bill Gates; the Prime Minister of Pakistan; former leaders of Singapore and Malaysia; and heads of the World Bank.
Biography.
Born in Singapore, Sharanjit moved to Washington D.C. in her teens with her family, where her father was a diplomat. There she earned a degree in both Journalism and English Literature from The University of Maryland College Park. She then moved to Vancouver, Canada where she completed a Masters degree in English Literature at the University of British Columbia which focused on post-colonial writers such as Salman Rushdie. 
She enjoys running, politics, art, theatre and bringing up her young son.

</doc>
<doc id="21391154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391154" title="FN Barracuda">
FN Barracuda

Summary.
The FN Barracuda is a double-action multi-caliber revolver designed by FN Herstal. It can be switched between three calibers (9x19mm, .38 Special and .357 Magnum) by changing parts of the cylinder. FN decided to enter the revolver market, aiming to satisfy law enforcement customers on both sides of the Atlantic, and this gun represented their only attempt at doing so, in collaboration with Astra. Production stopped around 1989 after poor sales. The revolver itself is generally thought to be well-made, but it targeted a diminishing revolver market for law enforcement.
Design Details.
Fairly standard in design, with respect to other single action/double action heavy frame revolvers, the key design difference between the FN Barracuda and other brands is the rapidly interchangeable cylinder, allowing the user to easily switch between 9x19 NATO, .38 Special, and .357 Magnum calibers. The gun has a pinned barrel, five-screwed frame assembly, and an internal coil hammer spring that can be adjusted for trigger pull weight, among other details. The trigger pull for double action configuration, in factory settings, is 11 lbs, and is 4.84 lbs in single action configuration. Barrel length is three (3) inches, which is shorter than the typical revolvers of the era (usually four (4) inches) but longer than a snub-nosed revolver. 
Collectability.
Prices vary strongly based on the availability of the various cylinders and the condition of the revolver. It has been imported to the US, and previous sellers (among them being Century Arms (CAI)) have sold imported guns at $275, but auction prices for a complete set in good condition will reach close to $600. 

</doc>
<doc id="21391159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391159" title="Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon">
Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon

The Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon is one of the ten Pontifical Academies under the direction of the Holy See. The complete Italian name of the academy, Pontificia Insigne Accademia di Belle Arti e Letteratura dei Virtuosi al Pantheon, includes the adjective "insigne" (illustrious), often omitted in official English translations. The term "Virtuosi al Pantheon" (virtuosos of the Pantheon) is also usually left untranslated, but, in any event, should not be taken in the English musical sense of “virtuoso” but rather “artists of great merit”. The Pantheon in Rome was the historical home of the academy. The term “academy” is meant in the Renaissance definition of the term as an association of learned persons and not an institution of instruction.
The academy was founded as the “Congregation of Saint Joseph of the Holy Land” in 1542 under the auspices of the Cistercian monk, Desiderio d’Adiutorio and was recognized by Pope Paul III on October 15, 1542. From its inception, the academy has counted among its members many important artists who have left their mark in Rome. Since the 17th century, exhibits have often taken place beneath the portico of the Pantheon, the historical home of the organization.
In 1837, a new statute in the Papal States provided funds for annual art competitions. The title “Pontifical” was conferred by Pope Pius IX in 1861 and “”Academy” was added by Pope Pius XI in 1928. A new statute in 1995 defines the goal of the academy as one of “favoring the study and practice of letters and fine arts with particular regard to sacred art and Christian literature…in collaboration with the Pontifical Council for Culture”
The “entry level” members of the "Virtuosi" are called “academics”; from that group, the Pope nominates candidates for the “ordinary” group, who then are termed “emeritus” upon reaching 80 years of age. There are 50 “ordinary” "virtuosi" divided into five disciplines: architects, painters and film-makers, sculptors, academics dedicated to art and music, and poets and authors. The president of the academy is appointed by the Pontiff for a term of five years and may be reappointed. The president is also a member of the coordinating council for Pontifical Academies. 
The academy typically sponsors art exhibits, presentation of poetry and literature, discussions, and visits to historic sites in Rome. The current (2009) president of the academy is Vitaliano Tiberia. The current secretary is Ernesto Lamagna. The current premises of the academy are at Piazza della Cancelleria 1 in Vatican City in Rome.
Sources and external links.
Pontifical Academies - Website of the Holy See

</doc>
<doc id="21391168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391168" title="Florida crowned snake">
Florida crowned snake

The Florida crowned snake ("Tantilla relicta") is a species of colubrid snake native only to Florida.
Geographic range.
It is found in central peninsular Florida.
Description.
It is a small species with a maximum recorded total length of 24 cm (9.5 in).
It has a light body color and darker head.
Subspecies.
Three subspecies are recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="21391182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391182" title="Southeastern crown snake">
Southeastern crown snake

The southeastern crown snake ("Tantilla coronata") is a common species of small colubrid snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
Geographic range.
It is found in Alabama, northwestern Florida, Georgia, extreme southern Indiana, western Kentucky, eastern Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and south-central Virginia. 
Description.
It has a black head with a yellowish crossbar on the occiput, followed by a black collar 3 to 5 scales wide. The remainder of the dorsum is reddish brown, and the underside is whitish. It has smooth dorsal scales in 15 rows and a divided anal plate. Adults average 20-25 cm (8-10 inches) in total length. 
Venom.
It has enlarged grooved teeth at the rear of the upper jaw, and may produce a mild venom which is not dangerous to humans, especially because it never bites when handled. 
Diet.
It feeds on small invertebrates such as centipedes and earth-dwelling insect larvae. 
Reproduction.
Females lay 1-3 eggs in the summer that hatch in the fall.
Conservation status.
In Indiana, the southeastern crown snake is listed as an endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="21391197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391197" title="Me Not Me">
Me Not Me

Me Not Me is the second solo studio album by keyboardist Marco Benevento of Brooklyn, New York, released in 2009. It consists mostly of covers -- hence the title -- along with three original tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="21391201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391201" title="Ministry of Education (Thailand)">
Ministry of Education (Thailand)

The Ministry of Education (; ; Abrv: MOE), is a Thai government body responsible for the oversight of education in Thailand. It was established by King Rama V (Chulalongkorn) in 1892 as the Ministry of Education (กระทรวงธรรมการ "Krasuang Thammakan") which controls the religion, education, healthcare, and museums. In 1941, the ministry changed its Thai name to the present one. 
Its headquarters are located at the Chan Kasem Palace since 1892.
Departments.
The offices of the Ministry located on 319 Chandakasem Palace, Ratchadamnoen Rd., Dusit District, Bangkok
Public Organization.
Public Organization in Public Organization Act. B.E. 2442
Public Organization in Specifically Act. 

</doc>
<doc id="21391202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391202" title="Mike Miller (wrestler)">
Mike Miller (wrestler)

James Michael Hillman better known as "Mean" Mike Miller (born October 14, 1951) is a professional wrestler, who had great success in Pacific Northwest Wrestling. Mean Mike was brought in to professional wrestling by Herb Welch. In Pacific Northwest Wrestling he wrestled for many years and held the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight Championship and NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Championship a combined 11 times. During his career Mean Mike faced many wrestling legends such as Rip Oliver, Bobby Jaggers, Tom Prichard, Jerry Lawler, Chief Jay Strongbow, Brett Sawyer, Billy Jack Haynes, and Steve Doll.
See also.
finishing Move: Louisiana Leg Drop
Hit with 2-by-4
Favorite Moves: Elbow Drop

</doc>
<doc id="21391214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391214" title="Rim rock crown snake">
Rim rock crown snake

The rim rock crowned snake ("Tantilla oolitica") is a species of colubrid snake endemic to the United States in extreme southern Florida.
Etymology.
The specific name, "oolitica", refers to the oolitic limestone area of Florida in which this species is found.
Geographic range.
It is found only in Dade County and Monroe County of Florida and the Florida Keys, including Eastern Rock Rim of Miami.
Description.
The maximum recorded total length is 29 cm (11.5 in).
The top of the head is black. The body is tan dorsally and white ventrally.
Habitat.
It inhabits rocky and sandy soils, in pine flatwoods, and tropical hardwood hammocks.

</doc>
<doc id="21391228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391228" title="Hanada Shōnen Shi">
Hanada Shōnen Shi

It has been adapted into a 25-episode anime series by Madhouse and premiered on NTV on October 1, 2002.
The series was adapted into a 2006 live-action film subtitled Ghosts and a Tunnel of Secrets by Shochiku.
Plot.
Hanada Ichiro is the troublemaker in a small village. After being hit by a truck and getting stitches in the back of his head, he gains the ability to see ghosts, all of whom want him to fulfill their unfinished business.
Media.
Manga.
The manga was published in four "tankōbon" volumes by Kodansha between October 1991 and July 1995. It was re-released in four "tankōbon" volumes between March and August 1995, then was republished again as four "tankōbon" volumes all on April, 2006.
Anime.
The series uses two pieces of theme songs, both by the Backstreet Boys: "The One" as the opening theme and "Drowning" as the ending theme.
Film.
The manga was adapted into a live-action film. The film was directed by Nobuo Mizuta and created by Shochiku. The film stars Kenta Suga as Ichiro Hanada. The remaining cast are: Ryoko Shinohara, Masahiko Nishimura and Kazuki Kitamura.
Soundtrack CD.
On March 24, 2003, VAP released a soundtrack CD for "Hanada Shōnen-Shi".
Reception.
The manga of "Hanada Shōnen Shi" received the 1995 Kodansha Manga Award for the general category in 1995.
The anime of "Hanada Shōnen Shi" received the "Tokyo International Anime Festival" Grand Prize for the TV Anime category in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21391255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391255" title="Short-tailed snake">
Short-tailed snake

The short-tailed snake (Lampropeltis extenuatum) is a small harmless colubrid snake. Fossorial and seldom seen, it is found only in sandy, upland parts of Florida where it is listed as Threatened and is protected by state law. 
Etymology.
The short-tailed snake's tail comprises less than ten percent of the snake's total length, hence the common name. Named by A. Erwin Brown in 1890, "Stilosoma extenuatum" derives its generic name from the Greek "stylos" for pillar and "soma" for body. This refers to the stiffness of the short-tailed snake's body, which is caused by its wide and inflexible column of unusually short vertebrae. The specific name, "extenuatum", is Latin for thin or slender.
Physical description.
The short-tailed snake is a small serpent averaging 36–51 cm (14-20 inches) in total length, with a record total length measurement of 65.4 cm (25¾ inches), and is perhaps as thin as a pencil. It is gray above with 50 to 80 dark blotches and may or may not have a yellow stripe running down the spine. The underside is white with dark brown blotches. It bears a more-than-superficial resemblance to other kingsnakes, especially the mole kingsnake ("Lampropeltis calligaster rhombomaculata"), but can be distinguished by its smaller size and much more slender build. Also, "Lampropeltis extenuatum" has 6 upper labials, whereas kingsnakes (genus "Lampropeltis") have 7 upper labials.
Behavior.
The short-tailed snake is as poorly understood as it is seldom-seen, rare and geographically limited. It is a burrowing snake that rarely appears above ground and does so even more rarely during the day. Like other snakes of the tribe Lampropeltini, it vibrates its tail when startled by predators or people but can be distinguished from a rattlesnake by its slender build and lack of rattle. An excitable snake, it makes a poor captive and is protected against harassment or captivity by Florida law. Despite this, much of what little we know about the short-tailed snake has been based on observations of captive specimens.
Diet.
Captive specimens show a keen preference for black-crowned snakes of the genus "Tantilla" and will often eat them exclusively, rejecting other species of small snake or lizard. It is possible that black-crowned snakes, some of which are themselves small, burrowing snakes endemic to Florida, comprise the entire diet of wild short-tailed snakes.
Habitat and range.
Found only in a handful of counties in central Florida, the short-tailed snake prefers sandy-soiled, pine or oak woodlands but may be found in other habitats provided it has access to prey and suitable soil for burrowing.
Evolution and taxonomy.
As a member of the tribe Lampropeltini, "L. extenuata" is ultimately derived from Old World rat snakes that crossed the Bering Land Bridge into North America more than 20 million years ago. More recently, "L. extenuata" is a relict of the Miocene "Florida Island", separated from the mainland by higher sea levels. It is closely related to the kingsnakes and still bears a resemblance to the mole kingsnakes which are also found in Florida. One fossil species, "Stilosoma vetustum", dates from the late Miocene, some 5-10 million years ago. How far divergent "L. extenuata" is from its kingsnake ancestors is still a matter of debate. In 2009 Pyron and Burbrink resolved to include it in the kingsnake genus "Lampropeltis" based on multiple lines of molecular and morphological evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="21391303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391303" title="Shao-Jiang Min">
Shao-Jiang Min

Shao–Jiang or Shaojiang Min () is a collection of mutually intelligible dialects of Min Chinese centered on eastern Nanping in northwestern Fujian, specifically in the Nanping counties of Guangze, Shaowu, and eastern Shunchang and the northern Sanming county of Jiangle. It is frequently classified as a dialect of Min Bei (northern Min), but is not mutually intelligible.

</doc>
<doc id="21391310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391310" title="Peachtree 25th Building">
Peachtree 25th Building

The Peachtree 25th Building is a ten-story high-rise office building, located on the southwest corner of Peachtree Street and 25th Street in northwest Atlanta, Georgia, USA, between Midtown and Buckhead.
Built in the 1960s, it became well known for the major building fire that occurred there on 30 June 1989. That morning, the power went out on the sixth floor. Just before 10:30, a high-voltage short circuit occurred when a fuse was being replaced, the resulting massive and blinding electrical arc vaporized about of bus bar and wiring duct, and along with the fire itself, killed the electrician who was making the installation. The resulting blaze killed four others due to smoke inhalation, because the electrical closet was placed next to the main hallway between the offices and the emergency exits, blocking their escape due to the extreme heat and dense smoke. Firefighters from the Atlanta Fire Department rescued 14 by ladder truck through broken windows, and five more from inside the building, as well as a woman who had already jumped and was seriously injured. A total of 23 civilians and six firefighters were injured.
The building was not equipped with fire sprinklers or smoke detectors at the time of construction, and was not required to be so equipped by the local and state government fire codes of the time. When codes were improved, the building, like others, was grandfathered and was not required to have them retrofitted either. Despite this, frequent fire drills in the building, and the fact that it was a Friday before the Independence Day holiday (keeping building occupancy down to 60%) helped to reduce casualties. Because of the fire, the Atlanta city council voted to require retrofits in older buildings.
A PV system with 152 kWp rating is installed on the rooftop of the building. 663 "MPE 230 PS 09" solar modules are fixed to the flat roof with an Ezflatroof 2.0 mounting system, both by Schüco International KG. The solar modules are connected to two utility-scale inverters, a PVP100kW and a PVP30kW by PV Powered Inc., a division of Advanced Energy Industries Inc. The mounting system features an additional custom made steel rope hold-down system. The system was commissioned in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21391314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391314" title="Lucero discography">
Lucero discography

This is the discography of one of the most successful and prolific Mexican singers, Lucero, as of 2010, she has released nineteen studio albums and two live albums; which has so far sold over 27 million albums worldwide.
Compilations.
Most of the collections are not greater than 5,000 copies sales, and due to this, Lucero had some problems with Universal Music. As a result, the singer Lucero lifted a lawsuit against Universal Music record label for not having received royalties for sales of some of her albums in the last 14 years, when she belonged to Melody Records, now part of that company. She explained that in 1998 the company had agreed to pay what they owed, but until 2008 the debt was never paid off. Lucero said that after an audit that was done ten years ago, it was found that the debt remains and has accumulated over the years, and it was a very large amount.
DVDs.
This list also includes all the releases where she appears, this covers VHS and DVD versions. The list does not contain the DVDs from telenovelas or films, just music.

</doc>
<doc id="21391340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391340" title="Rain-X">
Rain-X

Rain-X is a line of consumer automotive and surface care products produced by SOPUS Products (formerly Quaker State), a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Industrial Rain-X products were produced by Ecolab and used in carwashes and other industrial applications. Ecolab sold its vehicle care business to Zep. The most well known Rain-X product is a synthetic hydrophobic surface-applied product that causes water to bead, most commonly used on glass automobile surfaces. Rain-X was originally registered as a trademark in 1972 by Unelko and sold to Quaker State in 1997. Rain-X branded products are distributed by Shell Car Care International Limited in the U.K.
Products.
The Rain-X brand includes seven categories of products: wiper blades, glass and windshield treatments, plastic cleaners, windshield washer fluid, car washes, car wax, and bug and tar washes.
Competing products include PGW's (formerly of PPG) Aquapel. Rain-X's brand awareness in the automotive consumer product segment is particularly high, being claimed as second only to Windex.
Uses.
Due to its general water repellent properties, the original Rain-X formulation is used in a wide variety of consumer, commercial and industrial settings. The primary use of Rain-X is for automotive applications. Commercially sold "Original Glass Treatment" is the original and most well known Rain-X branded product. It is a hydrophobic silicone polymer that forces water to bead and roll off of the car, often without needing wipers. It is sold in 3.5 or 7 oz bottles, or as wipes or towelettes.
Rain-X Online Protectant was introduced to carwashes in June 2005 and is produced by Ecolab. It is a water-based compound that is applied to the entire car's surface, working much like consumer grade Rain-X products. As of December 2012, the Ecolab vehicle care business is owned by Zep. The sale included the Black Magic brand and Blue Coral brand.
The original coating has also had use in military and other government settings. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has used Rain-X in various water repellent research. The Australian Military has examined the effect of application of Rain-X and similar products to submarine antennae to improve signal transmission, although other coatings had longer-lifespans when submerged in salt-water.
It is also occasionally used in laboratory settings to silanise a surface.
Ski and snowboard enthusiasts use Rain-X as "wax" to effectively overcome sticky wet snow common in spring conditions. While skiing or riding on mountains with hard snow pack, the heat of the sun changes snow conditions starting on the lower slopes. Skis may suddenly slow down, throwing one off-balance, because of a change in surface tension, a sort of "sandpaper effect." Rain-X is applied to the ski or board base, or to the bottoms of ski boots to reduce, or eliminate snow "wedges" that interfere with proper mounting into ski bindings.
Chemistry.
Rain-X's primary active ingredient are polysiloxanes, the primary one being hydroxy-terminated polydimethylsiloxane. The polysiloxanes have functional groups that bind to the hydroxyl group of the glass surface.

</doc>
<doc id="21391368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391368" title="Prismatic joint">
Prismatic joint

A prismatic joint provides a linear sliding movement between two bodies, and is often called a slider, as in the slider-crank linkage. A prismatic joint can be formed with a polygonal cross-section to resist rotation. See for example the dovetail joint and linear bearings. 
The relative position of two bodies connected by a prismatic joint is defined by the amount of linear slide of one relative to the other one. This one parameter movement identifies this joint as a one degree of freedom kinematic pair. 
Prismatic joints provide single-axis sliding often found in hydraulic and pneumatic cylinders.

</doc>
<doc id="21391378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391378" title="Ussuri Bay">
Ussuri Bay

Ussuri Bay () is the north-eastern part of the Peter the Great Gulf.
It is 67 km long and 10–55 km wide. Its average depth is approximately 40 m (max 69 m).
Ussuri Bay is a popular recreation area in Primorsky Krai ("Shamora").
Vladivostok is situated on a western coast of the bay, and Bolshoy Kamen on an eastern. Other settlements are Shkotovo, Yemar and Pod'yapolskoye.
The Eastern Bosphorus connects Amur Bay and Ussuri Bay. Artemovka, Shkotovka, Sukhodol, Petrovka rivers flow into Ussuri Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="21391395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391395" title="Ussuri (disambiguation)">
Ussuri (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="21391406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391406" title="Benson Mates">
Benson Mates

Benson Mates (May 19, 1919, Portland, Oregon – May 14, 2009, Berkeley, California) was an American philosopher, noted for his work in logic, the history of philosophy, and skepticism. Mates studied philosophy and mathematics at the University of Oregon, Cornell University, and the University of California at Berkeley. Some of his teachers included J. Barkley Rosser, Harold Cherniss, and Alfred Tarski. From 1948 until his retirement in 1989, he was a professor of philosophy at Berkeley. He remained Professor Emeritus of philosophy at University of California at Berkeley until his death.
Mates's 1948 dissertation, "On the Logic of the Old Stoa", formed the basis for his 1953 book "Stoic Logic", of which Peter Geach wrote, "Stoic logic is a difficult subject [...] Dr. Mates's monograph is a strenuous and successful effort to overcome these difficulties." Mates's 1965 book, "Elementary Logic", remains a widely used introductory textbook in symbolic logic. His 1986 study of Leibniz is also highly regarded.
In his own philosophical work, Mates defends a stance akin to Pyrrhonian skepticism. He argues that the major problems of philosophy (such as the liar paradox, the existence of an external world, and free will) are intelligible and non-trivial yet utterly defy solution. Unlike the classical Pyrrhonists, however, Mates finds that skeptical arguments lead to unsatisfactory perplexity rather than ataraxia.

</doc>
<doc id="21391441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391441" title="Amott test">
Amott test

The Amott test is one of the most widely used empirical wettability measurements for reservoir cores in petroleum engineering. The method combines two spontaneous imbibition measurements and two forced displacement measurements. This test defines two different indices: the Amott water index (formula_1) and the Amott oil index (formula_2).
Amott–Harvey index.
The two Amott indices are often combined to give the Amott–Harvey index. It is a number between -1 and 1 describing wettability of a rock in drainage processes. It is defined as:
These two indices are obtained from special core analysis (SCAL) experiments (porous plate or centrifuge) by plotting the capillary pressure curve as a function of the water saturation as shown on figure 1:
with formula_5 is the water saturation for a zero capillary pressure during the imbibition process, formula_6 is the irreducible water saturation and formula_7 is the residual oil saturation after imbibition.
with formula_9 is the oil saturation for a zero capillary pressure during the secondary drainage process, formula_6 is the irreducible water saturation and formula_7 is the residual non-wetting phase saturation after imbibition.
A rock is defined as:

</doc>
<doc id="21391450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391450" title="Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve">
Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve

Tariquía Flora and Fauna National Reserve ("Reserva Nacional de Flora y Fauna Tariquía") is a protected area in the Tarija Department, Bolivia, situated in the Aniceto Arce Province, Burnet O'Connor Province, Gran Chaco Province and José María Avilés Province. It protects part of the Central Andean puna, Southern Andean Yungas, and Bolivian montane dry forests ecoregions.

</doc>
<doc id="21391455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391455" title="Ma Wing-shing">
Ma Wing-shing

Ma Wing-shing (born 16 January 1961) is a Hong Kong manhua artist, writer and publisher. He is best known for creating the "Fung Wan" and "Chinese Hero" series.
Biography.
Ma quit his studies and became a comic artist in 1976 at the age of 15. He started his career in Hei Po, where he published his first series, "Day Dream". His other works included "Winds and Clouds in Public Housing", "Wily Little One", "Little Tough Guy", "Great Dictator", "Lau-keung the Contractor", "The Invisible Weird Guest" and "Wonder Dog".
In 1977, Hei Po was closed and Ma joined Golden Comics, where he began employing realism in his works, such as "The Five Brothers", which caught the attention of others in the industry. He also published "The Battle: Before and After" in "Hong Kong Comic Weekly".
The following year, Ma attended a one-year course at the Hong Kong Academy of Fine Arts to improve his drawing skills. He quit Golden Comics and joined Ching Po, where he produced numerous works, including: "Evil Experiment", "Assault 13", "Alien", "I Wanna be Woman", "Small Luk's Fight at Wudang" and the "Eve of the Battle", "Martial House", "Sword and Spear", "Destroyer", "My Pursuit", "Great Stealer 13", "Knowing You", "Mad Dog", "Security Guard", "Story of Big-Nose Boy", "Hillfire", and "Five Affairs".
"Veteran Cop" and "New Drunken Fist" were published in 1980 when Ma was working in New Waves. In August, he joined Jademan and began publishing "Chinese Hero" in "Golden Daily".
In 1981, he furthered his studies in fine arts at Des Montagnes Studio and incorporated his newly acquired knowledge into his works. In November, he co-authored "Tong Lung" with Fung Chi-ming, and this comic succeeded in entering the Japanese market.
In 1982, the "Chinese Hero" periodical was published and proved to be an immediate great success, laying a solid foundation for Ma's career.
In 1987, Ma co-organized a painting exhibition, "Footsteps", with teachers and students of Des Montages Studio.
In 1989, Ma founded the company Jonesky and released his "The Two Extremes" and held his personal art exhibition.
Style.
In Ma's career, his drawings were heavily influenced by the works of Ryoichi Ikegami for his realistic style and attention to details. He usually employs painterly techniques. The artwork and drawing style of "Chinese Hero" is responsible for the modern day characteristics of manhua.

</doc>
<doc id="21391464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391464" title="Topos">
Topos

In mathematics, a topos ( or ; plural topoi or toposes) is a type of category that behaves like the category of sheaves of sets on a topological space (or more generally: on a site). Topoi behave much like the category of sets and possess a notion of localization; they are in a sense a generalization of point-set topology. The Grothendieck topoi find applications in algebraic geometry; the more general elementary topoi are used in logic.
Grothendieck topoi (topoi in geometry).
Since the introduction of sheaves into mathematics in the 1940s a major theme has been to study a space by studying sheaves on a space. This idea was expounded by Alexander Grothendieck by introducing the notion of a "topos". The main utility of this notion is in the abundance of situations in mathematics where topological intuition is very effective but an honest topological space is lacking; it is sometimes possible to find a topos formalizing the intuition. The single greatest success of this programmatic idea to date has been the introduction of the étale topos of a scheme.
Equivalent definitions.
Let "C" be a category. A theorem of Giraud states that the following are equivalent:
A category with these properties is called a "(Grothendieck) topos". Here Presh("D") denotes the category of contravariant functors from "D" to the category of sets; such a contravariant functor is frequently called a presheaf.
Giraud's axioms.
Giraud's axioms for a category "C" are:
The last axiom needs the most explanation. If "X" is an object of "C", an "equivalence relation" "R" on "X" is a map "R"→"X"×"X" in "C"
such that for any object "Y" in "C", the induced map Hom("Y","R")→Hom("Y","X")×Hom("Y","X") gives an ordinary equivalence relation on the set Hom("Y","X"). Since "C" has colimits we may form the coequalizer of the two maps "R"→"X"; call this "X"/"R". The equivalence relation is "effective" if the canonical map
is an isomorphism.
Examples.
Giraud's theorem already gives "sheaves on sites" as a complete list of examples. Note, however, that nonequivalent sites often give
rise to equivalent topoi. As indicated in the introduction, sheaves on ordinary topological spaces motivate many of the basic definitions and results of topos theory.
The category of sets is an important special case: it plays the role of a point in topos theory. Indeed, a set may be thought of as a sheaf on a point.
More exotic examples, and the "raison d'être" of topos theory, come from algebraic geometry. To a scheme and even a stack one may associate an étale topos, an fppf topos, a Nisnevich topos...
Counterexamples.
Topos theory is, in some sense, a generalization of classical point-set topology. One should therefore expect to see old and new instances of pathological behavior. For instance, there is an example due to Pierre Deligne of a nontrivial topos that has no points (see below for the definition of points of a topos).
Geometric morphisms.
If "X" and "Y" are topoi, a "geometric morphism" "u": "X"→"Y" is a pair of adjoint functors ("u"∗,"u"∗) (where "u"*:"Y"→"X" is left adjoint to "u"∗:"X"→"Y") such that "u"∗ preserves finite limits. Note that "u"∗ automatically preserves colimits by virtue of having a right adjoint.
By Freyd's adjoint functor theorem, to give a geometric morphism "X" → "Y" is to give a functor "u"∗: "Y" → "X" that preserves finite limits and all small colimits. Thus geometric morphisms between topoi may be seen as analogues of maps of locales.
If "X" and "Y" are topological spaces and "u" is a continuous map between them, then the pullback and pushforward operations on sheaves yield a geometric morphism between the associated topoi.
Points of topoi.
A point of a topos "X" is defined as a geometric morphism from the topos of sets to "X".
If "X" is an ordinary space and "x" is a point of "X", then the functor that takes a sheaf "F" to its stalk "Fx" has a right adjoint
(the "skyscraper sheaf" functor), so an ordinary point of "X" also determines a topos-theoretic point. These may be constructed as the pullback-pushforward along the continuous map "x": "1" → "X".
Essential geometric morphisms.
A geometric morphism ("u"∗,"u"∗) is "essential" if "u"∗ has a further left adjoint "u"!, or equivalently (by the adjoint functor theorem) if "u"∗ preserves not only finite but all small limits.
Ringed topoi.
A ringed topos is a pair "(X,R)", where "X" is a topos and "R" is a commutative ring object in "X". Most of the constructions of ringed spaces go through for ringed topoi. The category of "R"-module objects in "X" is an abelian category with enough injectives. A more useful abelian category is the subcategory of quasi-coherent "R"-modules: these are "R"-modules that admit a presentation.
Another important class of ringed topoi, besides ringed spaces, are the etale topoi of Deligne-Mumford stacks.
Homotopy theory of topoi.
Michael Artin and Barry Mazur associated to the site underlying a topos a pro-simplicial set (up to homotopy). Using this inverse system of simplicial sets one may "sometimes" associate to a homotopy invariant in classical topology an inverse system of invariants in topos theory. The study of the pro-simplicial set associated to the etale topos of a scheme is called étale homotopy theory. In good cases (if the scheme is Noetherian and geometrically unibranch), this pro-simplicial set is pro-finite.
Elementary topoi (topoi in logic).
Introduction.
A traditional axiomatic foundation of mathematics is set theory, in which all mathematical objects are ultimately represented by sets (even functions, which map between sets). More recent work in category theory allows this foundation to be generalized using topoi; each topos completely defines its own mathematical framework. The category of sets forms a familiar topos, and working within this topos is equivalent to using traditional set theoretic mathematics. But one could instead choose to work with many alternative topoi. A standard formulation of the axiom of choice makes sense in any topos, and there are topoi in which it is invalid. Constructivists will be interested to work in a topos without the law of excluded middle. If symmetry under a particular group "G" is of importance, one can use the topos consisting of all "G"-sets.
It is also possible to encode an algebraic theory, such as the theory of groups, as a topos, in the form of a classifying topos. The individual models of the theory, i.e. the groups in our example, then correspond to functors from the encoding topos to the category of sets that respect the topos structure.
Formal definition.
When used for foundational work a topos will be defined axiomatically; set theory is then treated as a special case of topos theory. Building from category theory, there are multiple equivalent definitions of a topos. The following has the virtue of being concise:
A topos is a category that has the following two properties:
Formally, a power object of an object formula_2 is a pair formula_3 with formula_4, which classifies relations, in the following sense. 
First note that for every object formula_5, a morphism formula_6 ("a family of subsets") induces a subobject formula_7. Formally, this is defined by pulling back formula_8 along formula_9. The universal property of a power object is that every relation arises in this way, giving a bijective correspondence between relations formula_10 and morphisms formula_6.
From finite limits and power objects one can derive that
In some applications, the role of the subobject classifier is pivotal, whereas power objects are not. Thus some definitions reverse the roles of what is defined and what is derived.
Explanation.
A topos as defined above can be understood as a cartesian closed category for which the notion of subobject of an object has an elementary or first-order definition. This notion, as a natural categorical abstraction of the notions of subset of a set, subgroup of a group, and more generally subalgebra of any algebraic structure, predates the notion of topos. It is definable in any category, not just topoi, in second-order language, i.e. in terms of classes of morphisms instead of individual morphisms, as follows. Given two monics "m", "n" from respectively "Y" and "Z" to "X", we say that "m" ≤ "n" when there exists a morphism "p": "Y" → "Z" for which "np" = "m", inducing a preorder on monics to "X". When "m" ≤ "n" and "n" ≤ "m" we say that "m" and "n" are equivalent. The subobjects of "X" are the resulting equivalence classes of the monics to it.
In a topos "subobject" becomes, at least implicitly, a first-order notion, as follows.
As noted above, a topos is a category "C" having all finite limits and hence in particular the empty limit or final object 1. It is then natural to treat morphisms of the form "x": 1 → "X" as "elements" "x" ∈ "X". Morphisms "f": "X" → "Y" thus correspond to functions mapping each element "x" ∈ "X" to the element "fx" ∈ "Y", with application realized by composition.
One might then think to define a subobject of "X" as an equivalence class of monics "m": "X′" → "X" having the same image or range { "mx" | "x" ∈ "X′" }. The catch is that two or more morphisms may correspond to the same function, that is, we cannot assume that "C" is concrete in the sense that the functor "C"(1,-): "C" → Set is faithful. For example the category Grph of graphs and their associated homomorphisms is a topos whose final object 1 is the graph with one vertex and one edge (a self-loop), but is not concrete because the elements 1 → "G" of a graph "G" correspond only to the self-loops and not the other edges, nor the vertices without self-loops. Whereas the second-order definition makes "G" and its set of self-loops (with their vertices) distinct subobjects of "G" (unless every edge is, and every vertex has, a self-loop), this image-based one does not. This can be addressed for the graph example and related examples via the Yoneda Lemma as described in the Examples section below, but this then ceases to be first-order. Topoi provide a more abstract, general, and first-order solution.
All this applies to any topos, whether or not concrete. In the concrete case, namely "C"(1,-) faithful, for example the category of sets, the situation reduces to the familiar behavior of functions. Here the monics "m": "X′" → "X" are exactly the injections (one-one functions) from "X′" to "X", and those with a given image { "mx" | "x" ∈ "X′" } constitute the subobject of "X" corresponding to the morphism "f": "X" → Ω for which "f"−1("t") is that image. The monics of a subobject will in general have many domains, all of which however will be in bijection with each other.
To summarize, this first-order notion of subobject classifier implicitly defines for a topos the same equivalence relation on monics to "X" as had previously been defined explicitly by the second-order notion of subobject for any category. The notion of equivalence relation on a class of morphisms is itself intrinsically second-order, which the definition of topos neatly sidesteps by explicitly defining only the notion of subobject "classifier" Ω, leaving the notion of subobject of "X" as an implicit consequence characterized (and hence namable) by its associated morphism "f": "X" → Ω.
Further examples.
Every Grothendieck topos is an elementary topos, but the converse is not true (since every Grothendieck topos is cocomplete, which is not required from an elementary topos).
The categories of finite sets, of finite "G"-sets (actions of a group "G" on a finite set), and of finite graphs are elementary topoi which are not Grothendieck topoi.
If "C" is a small category, then the functor category Set"C" (consisting of all covariant functors from "C" to sets, with natural transformations as morphisms) is a topos. For instance, the category Grph of graphs of the kind permitting multiple directed edges between two vertices is a topos. A graph consists of two sets, an edge set and a vertex set, and two functions "s,t" between those sets, assigning to every edge "e" its source "s"("e") and target "t"("e"). Grph is thus equivalent to the functor category Set"C", where "C" is the category with two objects "E" and "V" and two morphisms "s,t": "E" → "V" giving respectively the source and target of each edge.
The Yoneda Lemma asserts that "C"op embeds in Set"C" as a full subcategory. In the graph example the embedding represents "C"op as the subcategory of Set"C" whose two objects are "V' " as the one-vertex no-edge graph and "E' " as the two-vertex one-edge graph (both as functors), and whose two nonidentity morphisms are the two graph homomorphisms from "V' " to "E' " (both as natural transformations). The natural transformations from "V' " to an arbitrary graph (functor) "G" constitute the vertices of "G" while those from "E' " to "G" constitute its edges. Although Set"C", which we can identify with Grph, is not made concrete by either "V' " or "E' " alone, the functor "U": Grph → Set2 sending object "G" to the pair of sets (Grph("V' ","G"), Grph("E' ","G")) and morphism "h": "G" → "H" to the pair of functions (Grph("V' ","h"), Grph("E' ","h")) is faithful. That is, a morphism of graphs can be understood as a "pair" of functions, one mapping the vertices and the other the edges, with application still realized as composition but now with multiple sorts of "generalized" elements. This shows that the traditional concept of a concrete category as one whose objects have an underlying set can be generalized to cater for a wider range of topoi by allowing an object to have multiple underlying sets, that is, to be multisorted.
References.
The following texts are easy-paced introductions to toposes and the basics of category theory. They should be suitable for those knowing little mathematical logic and set theory, even non-mathematicians.
Grothendieck foundational work on toposes:
The following monographs include an introduction to some or all of topos theory, but do not cater primarily to beginning students. Listed in (perceived) order of increasing difficulty.

</doc>
<doc id="21391466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391466" title="Musselroe Wind Farm">
Musselroe Wind Farm

Musselroe Wind Farm is a wind farm at Cape Portland Tasmania, Australia. It is third wind farm in the state, being owned and operated by Hydro Tasmania. It consists of 56 Vestas V90-3MW wind turbines, with a generating capacity of 168 MW. The energy output from the Musselroe Wind Farm will be sufficient to supply electricity to around 50,000 households and abate 450,000 tonnes of emissions annually.
The first 37 turbines have been connected to the grid in 2013, and the full farm was completed in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21391472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391472" title="Dixie Chicken (bar)">
Dixie Chicken (bar)

The Dixie Chicken, also known as The Chicken, has been "College Station's most famous watering hole since 1974," and is notable for its role in Texas A&M University tradition. "Nationally known," the Dixie Chicken claims to serve the most beer per square foot of any bar in the United States.
Overview.
“One of the most recognizable restaurants in College Station,” the Dixie Chicken is known as Texas A&M's "favorite local watering hole." The Dixie Chicken is the oldest and most famous bar in the Northgate district, has a live rattlesnake on the premises, and is home to a weekly domino tournament. The Dixie Chicken was founded by Don Anz and Don Ganter, businessmen who were involved with several organizations related to Texas A&M. Ganter died in 2004, just days after the Dixie Chicken had its 30th anniversary.
Ring dunking.
In the late 1970s, the Aggie tradition of "ring dunking" began at the Dixie Chicken. In this tradition concerning Ring Day, a student drops their class ring into a pitcher of beer which is then chugged on the back porch of the Dixie Chicken. This is not a university-sanctioned tradition, though some estimate that anywhere between 25 to 75 percent of students dunk their rings. Along with a drinking provision that went into effect on April 3, 2005, instead of pitchers, students are only allowed to buy 32 ounce (950 mL) mugs of beer on Ring Day at the Dixie Chicken. Ring Dunking elsewhere, however, remains unregulated. In his comments to the Texas A&M graduating class of Fall 2008, President George W. Bush stated that, "Back in my day, I think I would have enjoyed dunk "" my ring." The president also joked about the absence of his Secretary of Defense (and former president of A&M) Robert Gates from the ceremony by stating, "It's not like he's over at the Dixie Chicken.”
Awards.
In April 2006, the Dixie Chicken was named "College Bar of the Month" in "Playboy".

</doc>
<doc id="21391487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391487" title="Kiss with a Fist">
Kiss with a Fist

"Kiss with a Fist" is the debut single by indie rock band Florence and the Machine. It is featured on their debut 
2009 Mercury Prize-nominated album "Lungs". It has been featured on the original motion picture soundtrack to 2009 black comedy film "Jennifer's Body", as well as the 2008 film "Wildchild", NBC comedy "Community" (Season 1, Episode 12 - "Comparative Religion"), "Cougar Town" (Season 1, Episode 3 - "Don't Do Me Like That"), "Saving Grace" and "United States of Tara". The single was released through Moshi Moshi Records on 9 June 2008 in the UK and was then released four months later on 6 October 2008 through IAMSOUND Records in the US. The B-side to "Kiss with a Fist" is a cover version of the Cold War Kids song "Hospital Beds". The song was also used to advertise the Channel 4 music channel.
Background.
"Kiss with a Fist" first appeared with the same lyrics under the name "Happy Slap" on Ashok's (Florence Welch's previous band) first (and only) album "Plans". "Kiss with a Fist" was originally released as a non-album single and was later finalised as track number five on "Lungs". It is significantly the shortest track on the album and was co-written by Florence Welch herself along with Isabella Summers (who co-wrote the majority of the songs on the album with Florence) and Matt Allchin. The song is in an indie garage-rock style and features Christopher Lloyd Haiden on drums, Robert Ackroyd on bass guitar and Tim McCall on guitar. The track was both recorded and mixed by Richard Flack with producer, former Pulp bassist Steve Mackey (renowned for his work with M.I.A.) credited as a co-mixer as well.
Originally, a great deal of confusion surrounded the song's meaning. With lyrics such as "broke your jaw once before", "split your blood upon the floor", "you smashed a plate over my head", "you gave a kick" and "I gave a slap" - the song was thought by many to be based on domestic violence, which Florence denies.
Florence explained the song's meaning on her MySpace:
"Kiss with a Fist" is NOT a song about domestic violence.
It is about two people pushing each other to psychological extremes because they are fighting but they still love each other. The song is not about one person being attacked, or any actual physical violence, there are no victims in this song.
Sometimes the love two people have for each other is a destructive force. But they can't have it any other way, because it's what holds them together, they enjoy the drama and pushing each other's buttons.
The only way to express these extreme emotions is with extreme imagery, all of which is fantasism and nothing in the song is based on reality.
Leona Lewis's "Bleeding Love" isn't actually about her bleeding and this song isn't actually about punching someone in the mouth."
The single was performed on BBC Introducing and at Academy 1 as part of the release's promotion. The song is also a regular feature of the band's performance setlist, being performed at numerous festivals in and around the UK, including Glastonbury, Brighton, the NME Awards tour, the Ben & Jerry festival and the Electric Picnic among others.
Florence further elaborated on her inspiration behind the song:
I was 16 or 17 when I wrote this. I'd just fallen in love for the first time, and I'd also started hanging out with an older group of people, watching how their relationships worked.
There was this one couple who were so cool, but so visceral and so intense. The guy never hit the girl, but I saw her lamp him a couple of times, and she'd always give as good as she got. But it wasn't really physical violence, it was more about the fact that their animal passion for each other was the thing that was attractive for them. It was how joyful destruction can be, and how alluring it is to be in a relationship so fiery. There was never a dull moment when they were around. I don't know how they do it! I'm a conflict avoider. I think I write about such intense things because I'm actually really bad at expressing anger.
Reviews.
MusicOMH questioned the song by saying "Those lyrics are likely to prove pretty contentious - is Welch condoning domestic violence with lines like "a kiss with a fist is better than none"? Or is it a character sketch of a woman cowed into submission by her violent lover?" but finished that paragraph by saying "Whatever the meaning, this is an exhilarating debut single." Leedsmusicscene.net gave the song three stars out of five, saying that "The single sees a punchy garage-blues racket (albeit acoustic led) accompaniment to Florence, who sticks to the fore throughout by belting out a soulful yet feisty Joplin-esque growl." They then went on to say about the B-side, "Florence belts out another powerful vocal on Cold War Kids cover 'Hospital Beds', this time over the top of a more subdued, but no less apt, acoustic guitar line." Boomkat.com reviewed the song:"You can't help but make links between this and The Crystals' "He Hit Me (It Felt Like a Kiss)". That said the song itself sounds a bit more like The White Stripes' "We're Going to Be Friends", which is all fine and dandy. Florence sounds reasonably rooted in DIY roughness and she puts plenty of character into everything she does. The B-side is a cover of "Hospital Beds" by Cold War Kids, which really showcases Florence's voice."
411mania.com described "Kiss with a Fist" as a track featuring punky, distorted and assertive female vocals built around the controversial notion that "A kiss with a fist is better than none".
The B-side and the band's cover of "Hospital Beds" by the Cold War Kids has been described as "exemplifing their acoustic bar/pub goodness".
Music video.
On 4 June 2008 the music video for "Kiss with a Fist" was uploaded onto YouTube five days before the single's official release. It was directed by Price James and produced by Julia Frost of Black Dog Films. It has received over 6,000,000 views on Florence + The Machine's VEVO YouTube channel alone.
The video takes on an eighties-styled theme and primarily takes place in a room of white-coloured background. It features Florence dressed in a cheeky punk themed outfit, running around - kicking, screaming in turn exclaiming how forceful love can be to contrast with the song's lyrical intention.
Usage in media.
The track was featured on the soundtrack to the films "Wild Child", "Jennifer's Body", and "", as well as in the television series "90210", "Saving Grace"," Community", and" Chuck".
The song was used by Sky Sports to promote the 2013 Investec Ashes Series played between England & Australia.
Charts.
"Kiss with a Fist" debuted at #58 on the UK Singles Chart on 16 August 2008. The following week it rose seven places to #51 and in total spending two weeks within the top 100. The single is Florence + The Machine's fifth most successful single to-date, outpeaking "Drumming Song".

</doc>
<doc id="21391513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391513" title="A-League transfers for 2009–10 season">
A-League transfers for 2009–10 season

This list contains the transfers for the 2009–10 A-League season. It includes all transfers "to" an A-League club, but not players leaving A-League clubs. Promotions from youth squads to the first squad of the same club are also not included.
Daniel Mcbreen North Queensland Fury To perth glory

</doc>
<doc id="21391531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391531" title="Ray Mendoza">
Ray Mendoza

José Díaz Velázquez (July 6, 1929 – April 16, 2003) was a Mexican "Luchador", or professional wrestler, better known under his ring name Ray Mendoza. Diaz had great success in the National Wrestling Alliance, where he was a five time World Light Heavyweight Champion, as well as the first Mexican to hold the championship. In 1975, Diaz helped establish Universal Wrestling Association with Francisco Flores and Benjamín Mora. During his many title reigns, Diaz faced many present or future stars, such as Gran Hamada, Killer Kowalski, John Tolos, El Solitario, Fishman, René Guajardo, Gory Guerrero, El Santo, and Cavernario Galindo. After retiring, Diaz became an actor and appeared in several Mexican films. Mendoza was the father of Los Villanos, Villano I, Villano II. Villano III, Villano IV, and Villano V.
Biography.
José Díaz Velazquez was born on July 6, 1929 and grew up in the Tepito district of Mexico City, a very poor and violent neighborhood. Díaz never finished any formal education as he had to start earning a living at a very early age to support himself and his wife Lupita Mendoza who he married when he was just 15 years old. While working in a bakery Díaz also worked hard to keep in shape, participating in cycling, swimming and baseball.
Boxing career.
Díaz decided to become a professional boxer and made his debut as a pro in 1950, keeping his dayjob in the bakery as well. Díaz boxed under name "Joe Díaz", a shortened version of his real name. At one point had a sparring session with a couple of "luchadors" as he was told not to spar with any of the boxers at the gym. The "luchadors" wanted to teach the boxer a lesson and ended up injuring Díaz's back with a knee drop. The back injury later forced Díaz to retire after only 20 matches. After his retirement he began working as a health inspector for the Mexico City county.
Professional wrestling career.
Despite being forced to retire from pro boxing Díaz kept in shape by lifting weights at a local gym. The gym owner was impressed with Díaz physique and work ethics and recommended he become a "luchador". Díaz was originally trained by Ray Carrasco and later also trained under Rogelio de la Paz, Genaro Contreas, Raul Rojas and Daniel García; the latter would later be famous under the name of "Huracán Ramírez". Díaz made his professional wrestling debut in 1954, using the ring name "El Pelón" (Spanish for "Baldy") Chato Díaz, then later on worked under names such as "Indio" Mendoza, El Rayo Rojo and El Hombre del Rayo Rojo. He also worked for a while as an "enmascarado" (masked) character called Gargantua between 1954 and 1955. In 1955 Díaz came up with the ring name "Ray Mendoza" after his mentor Ray Carrasco and his wife's maiden name Mendoza. As Mendoza he quickly forged a very effective "Rudo" character ("bad guy") by using well developed physique and charisma to create a ring character that the fans loved to hate. In 1956 Mendoza began working for Salvador Lutteroth's Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL), the world's oldest and Mexico's largest wrestling promotion. He made his debut at EMLL's main arena Arena Coliseo in February, 1956 in a Battle Royal that also included EMLL headliners Gory Guerrero, El Santo, Cavernario Galindo, Blue Demon and Black Shadow, a match that immediately established him as someone who Lutteroth saw potential in. In EMLL Mendoza struck up a friendship with René Guajardo and Karloff Lagarde out of the ring and a "partnership in crime" in the ring as the three became one of the most hated trio in "lucha libre" at the time. The three drew full houses all over Mexico, setting box office record after box office record as they faced "técnicos"(good guys) such as El Santo, Rayo de Jalisco or Blue Demon. They also had a very financially successful feud with Los Espantos (I, II, and III) in what at the time was a rare "rudo" vs. "rudo" feud. Outside the ring Mendoza, Guajardo and Lagarde often spoke out on behalf of the wrestlers, demanding higher pay and better conditions, and since they were able to generate a lot of ticket sales EMLL officials listened to their demands.
In 1959 Mendoza won his first championship, defeating Dory Dixon to win the NWA World Light Heavyweight Championship. This marked the first time the NWA Light Heavyweight title was held by a Mexican and helped establish the title as the top title in Mexico from 1959 until the mid-1980s. Over the years Mendoza would become synonymous with the NWA World Light Heavyweight Championship as he held it a record six times. During those title reigns he worked a legendary feud against Gory Guerrero, a feud between two of the most influential, unmasked wrestlers of the golden age of "Lucha Libre". In 1965 Mendoza's in ring success helped make him very popular with the fans, so popular it was decided to turn him "técnico". His first feud as a "técnico" was against his old partners Guajardo and Lagarde. First Mendoza defeated Lagarde in a "Lucha de Apuesta" (bet match), hair vs. hair match. Matches between Mendoza, Guajardo and Lagarde drew full houses all over Mexico, including a record breaking show where Guajardo defeated Mendoza in a "Lucha de Apuesta" match, the show drew the largest gate of that year and one of the best gates in Mexico in the 1960s. Guajardo and Mendoza also feuded over the NWA World Middleweight Championship, although once Mendoza won it he vacated it to focus on the Light Heavyweight division. In the late 1960s and early 1970s Mendoza would often work in the United States, working for the Southern California based NWA Hollywood. Here he held the NWA Americas Tag Team Championship on three occasions, teaming with Mil Máscaras, Raul Mata and Raul Reyes In the late 1960s Mendoza helped launch the career of Ringo Mendoza, who was not related to Mendoza but was allowed to use the last name as he bore a resemblance to Mendoza. Years later Mendoza was instrumental in the careers of his sons who wrestled as Villano I, Villano II, and Villano III.
Universal Wrestling Association.
In 1974 Salvador Lutteroth, Jr. began working for EMLL, being groomed to take over after his father. Mendoza was already unhappy with the lack of attention his sons were getting in EMLL as well as the very rigid and conservative way of running show; when Lutteroth, Jr. was brought in Mendoza's loyalty to Lutteroth, Sr. ended. Mendoza vacated the NWA World Light Heavyweight Championship and along with Guajardo and Lagarde resigned from EMLL. They joined up with promoter Francisco Flores and investor Benjamín Mora, Jr. to form a rival promotion called "Lucha Libre Internacional", later globally known as the Universal Wrestling Association. Headlined by Mendoza, Guajardo, and Largede as well as disgruntled former EMLL wrestlers UWA held their first show on January 29, 1975, creating the first true rival for EMLL in decades. Since Mendoza had been synonymous with the Light Heavyweight division throughout the 1960s and 1970s it was not a great surprise that he became the first UWA World Light Heavy Champion, although at this point in his career he was used more to help wrestlers such as El Solitario and Gran Hamada gain credibility as they defeated Mendoza for the title. Mendoza also spent a lot of time guiding the careers of his three youngest sons Villano I, II, and III who were quickly gaining fame in the UWA. By the end of the 1970s Mendoza was all but retired, with his last headliner match being a championship match against WWWWF Junior Heavyweight Champion Tatsumi Fujinami, a match that was Mendoza's last true headliner match.
Retirement.
Mendoza announced his retirement in late 1982 and following a retirement tour of Mexico and Panama he retired from in ring action in early 1983. He would later work as a referee for special UWA matches, adding to the "big event" feel by having Mendoza oversee the action. He also trained various wrestlers at the UWA school along with his son VIllano I, Lagarde and Felipe Ham Lee, training wrestlers up until the UWA closed in 1995. In 1988 he was made the head commissioner of the Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling commission, charged with relegating boxing and wrestling events in Mexico, licensing wrestlers and approving mask matches and the likes.
Personal life.
Díaz married Lupita Mendoza when he was just 15 and the two remained happily married until Lupita died in 1986. Together the couple had eight children, three daughters, Rita Marina, Leonor and Lupita and five sons who all became "luchadors"; José de Jesús (Villano I), José Alfredo (Villano II), Arturo (Villano III), Raymundo Mendoza, Jr. (Villano V) and Thomas (Villano IV). After his unmasking in 2009 Raymundo Mendoza, Jr. is often billed as "Ray Mendoza, Jr." after his father. Mendoza was originally adamant that his sons get a good education instead of becoming wrestlers, wishing that they become lawyers or doctors as he wanted to spare them the physical suffering he experienced himself. Once he realized that his two youngest sons had begun wrestling under masks he agreed to train them and help their wrestling careers. He was also instrumental in training his youngest two sons, although he insisted they both get college degrees before they were allowed to begin wrestling. Since his youngest son Thomas finished his education first he became known as "Villano IV" while the second youngest son became Villano V". Díaz was a family man and never recovered emotionally after his wife died in 1986, followed by the premature death of José Alfredo in 1989 and the death of his oldest son José de Jesús in 2002.
Death and remembrance.
On Tuesday April 15, 2003, José Díaz was taken to the "Hospital General de Naucalpan" suffering from kidney failure and later suffered an arrythmia in his right lung. Díaz died the night between April 16 and April 17, the official date of death being listed as April 16. His funeral was held two days later and was attended by over 100 people, long time friends and "luchadors" who grew up admiring Ray Mendoza's in ring exploits paid their last respect. Other than his family the funeral was attended by wrestlers La Infernal (married to Villano III), El Canek, Super Astro, Mano Negrao, Fuerza Guerrera, Pierroth, Jr., Olímpico, Shocker, Karloff Lagarde Sr., and his nephew Karloff Lagarde, Jr., as well as Ringo Mendoza. During the funeral some gave Ringo Mendoza their condolenses on the death of "his father", not realizing that there was no actual family relationship between the two. In 2010 CMLL honored Ray Mendoza's memory at their annual "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two legends") show on March 19, 2010. During the show Mendoza's three surviving sons, Villano I, Ray Mendoza, Jr. and Villano IV were present for a ceremony honoring Ray Mendoza.

</doc>
<doc id="21391567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391567" title="TerreStar Networks">
TerreStar Networks

TerreStar Networks, a majority owned subsidiary of TerreStar Corporation ("TSTR"), is a next generation, wholesale mobile communications provider launching the first integrated satellite terrestrial service with the world’s first satellite-terrestrial smartphone.
Overview.
TerreStar provides a fully integrated and resilient satellite-terrestrial mobile network. This network will leverage TerreStar’s S band mobile satellite service (MSS) spectrum with an advanced all–IP ground-based open-architecture terrestrial network to provide voice, data and video services to end-users – from government officials and emergency first responders to adventure enthusiasts and consumers in rural communities. 
TerreStar will use new and existing commercial chipset technologies from Qualcomm and Infineon to embed satellite communications capabilities into smartphones that can be carried as everyday phones. The first TerreStar smartphone was designed by Elektrobit Corporation and is:
The first satellite-terrestrial smartphone with an internal antenna
The world’s first Windows Mobile-based quad-band GSM and tri-band WCDMA/HSPA smartphone with integrated all-IP satellite-terrestrial voice and data capabilities, a touch screen and a full QWERTY keyboard.
World's Largest Satellite.
On July 1, 2009, from French Guiana in South America, TerreStar launched its geosynchronous satellite, TerreStar-1. TerreStar-1 is the world’s largest and most advanced commercial communications satellite that will provide communications services across the continental United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Hawaii and Alaska. The satellite’s size along with the extra power and sensitivity of its antenna allows it to communicate to conventionally sized mobile devices. 
On July 14, 2009, TerreStar-1 successfully reached its orbital slot (at 111 degrees) in the geosynchronous arc and successfully deployed its 18 meter 2 GHz S Band reflector. On July 20, 2009 TerreStar completed the first end-to-end satellite-terrestrial phone call over TerreStar-1.
Bankruptcy.
On October 19, 2010, TerreStar Networks Inc filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. On March 29, 2012 the bankruptcy reorganization became effective and all common shares were cancelled with no value. The company was sold out of bankruptcy to Dish Network Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="21391571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391571" title="WAGR V class">
WAGR V class

The WAGR V class was the last class of steam locomotive to enter service with the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR). The class was part of the post war regeneration plan for the WAGR, intended for the heavy coal traffic between the Collie coal fields and Perth.
Engineering Background.
Twenty four locomotives were ordered in 1951 from Beyer Peacock in Manchester. The locomotives were built under subcontract by Robert Stephenson & Hawthorn Ltd at their Darlington works. The locomotives entered service between April 1955 and November 1956 
The locomotive was of a modern design with a high superheat, a large combustion chamber and a thermic syphon in the firebox. Roller bearing were used on all the locomotive and tender wheels. When introduced the V class was the largest rigid wheelbase locomotive on the WAGR system, exceeded only by the Australian Standard Garratt, and the heaviest government owned steam locomotive in Australia.
The locomotive was designed to have as many parts as possible interchangeable with the W class.
Operational History.
The rated load capacity was 1320 tons between Brunswick Junction and Armadale, compared to 1135 tons for the S class and 850 tons for the Fs class. By all accounts the V class were a reliable and free steaming locomotive.The V Class Locomotives entered service in 1955 and initially worked heavy coal trains from the Collie area later on they were put on equally heavy freight trains particularly over the great southern line from York to Albany.
Preservation.
Four of the class have survived. Three are owned by preservation societies, whilst the fourth, V1213, is owned by the private rail operator, Pemberton Tramway Company Pty Ltd.
Various records suggest that the V Class were considered by Steamtown, Peterborough Railway Preservation Society Inc
Pemberton Tramway Co did provide "Driver Experience" courses using V1213, in additional to hauling some timber on its railway. The haulage of timber ceased in 2005.
Class list.
The numbers and periods in service of each member of the V class were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="21391580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391580" title="Adolf Ax">
Adolf Ax

Adolf Ax (23 June 1906, Mouscron – 6 February 1983) was a German SS-Oberführer (Senior Colonel/Brigadier General), who was decorated with Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (9 May 1945).
He was commander of the 32nd SS Volunteer Grenadier Division 30 January, between February and March 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="21391622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391622" title="Antony Beaumont">
Antony Beaumont

Antony Beaumont (born 1949, London) is an English and German musicologist, writer, conductor and violinist. As a conductor, he has specialized in German music from the first half of the 20th century, including works by Zemlinsky, Weill, and Gurlitt. As a musicologist, he has published books on Busoni, Zemlinsky, and Mahler.
Biography.
Beaumont was born in London of Anglo-German and Greek-Romanian parentage. He studied at Cambridge, worked as a disc jockey for the BBC, wrote reviews for The Daily Telegraph, and played violin and piano as a freelance artist. At various times he played under conductors Otto Klemperer, Leopold Stokowski, and Georg Solti. After graduation he moved to Germany and became a German citizen. Beaumont has held conducting posts with orchestras in Bremen, Cologne, and Saarbrücken, and has guest conducted opera productions in England and Italy.
Musicology.
Doktor Faust.
Beaumont has prepared new versions of the final two scenes of Busoni's unfinished opera "Doktor Faust", based on newly discovered sketches. This version serves as an alternative to the completion made by Busoni's pupil, Philipp Jarnach, which was based on less detailed information. The changes in Scene 2 occur during the vision of Helen of Troy and include slightly altered text and additional music for the character of Faust such that the scene plays for approximately 39 instead of 37 minutes. In the Jarnach version of Scene 3, the final scene, Faust suffers a conventional kind of doom, dying to the accompaniment of E-flat-minor chords; in the Busoni/Beaumont version Faust achieves a self-actualized resurrection: "In the freedom I have won, God and the Devil succumb." Perhaps Jarnach was uncomfortable with the morality, or perceived lack thereof, of Busoni's original intentions. The changes in Scene 3 also include additional action for Mephistopheles (he lifts the body of Faust onto his shoulders and slowly leaves the stage), and a final choral passage not found in the Jarnach version. These changes extend the scene from approximately 25 to 29 minutes. The full score of the Beaumont completion exists as a manuscript; the vocal score was published by Breitkopf and Härtel, Wiesbaden, in 1982.
The Beaumont version has not been used often in staged productions of the opera. It was premiered in Bologna in April 1985. A co-production between the English National Opera, Deutsche Oper Berlin, and the Opéra de Paris was mounted in the late 1980s. The English performances (beginning 25 April 1986) were conducted by Mark Elder and Antony Beaumont, starred Thomas Allen (Faust) and Graham Clark, and were given in the English translation by Edward J. Dent, as revised by Beaumont. This was the first staged production of the opera in Great Britain. The Zurich Opera DVD from 2006, with Thomas Hampson as Faust and conducted by Philippe Jordan, used the Jarnach version and has been severely criticized for doing so. The production at the Metropolitan Opera in 2001, with Hampson as Faust and conducted by Philippe Auguin, also used the less authentic Jarnach version.
Zemlinsky.
In the late 1990s Beaumont began studying the life and music of Zemlinsky, conducting and recording several lesser known pieces (see below), and preparing a completion of Zemlinksy's unfinished opera "Der König Kandaules". In addition, he wrote and published a biography of Zemlinsky in 2000, which has been widely praised.
Alma Mahler.
While researching Zemlinsky's affair with Alma Schindler at the library of the American University, Beaumont found her early diaries dating from that period of her life. Beaumont edited and translated the diaries and published them in 1999. About this volume, Kirkus Reviews UK wrote:
Desolate at the end of a romance with Gustav Klimt, Alma Mahler-Werfel falls briefly in love with her piano teacher, Zemlinsky: 'so immeasurably great!' she writes dramatically. Hers was a life filled with such drama for soon she was attracted to Gustav Mahler. Mahler-Werfel was a wildly dramatic character and a charismatic beauty. Her diaries, scribbled in old exercise books, record her development from adolescence to womanhood, up to her marriage to Mahler. They provide a vivid picture of Vienna in the 1900s, with accounts of the Secession exhibitions, performances of Mahler and Bruckner symphonies, the social scene and fashions.
Further research led to Beaumont's translation and publication in 2004 of letters written by Gustav Mahler to Alma, during the period when she was Mahler's wife. Alma had published many of these letters in 1940, but they were heavily edited to present herself in the best way possible (see Alma Problem). The edition which Beaumont has translated includes these letters in unedited form and includes an additional 188 letters and other unpublished documents. "The texts, supplemented by detailed commentaries, depict an explosive relationship between two people of widely differing character and temperament. The Mahler that emerges from these authentic, unabridged sources is warm, genuine and touchingly human."
Publications.
"Note:" This list of publications is not comprehensive.

</doc>
<doc id="21391642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391642" title="Daniele Martinetti">
Daniele Martinetti

Daniele Martinetti (born June 6, 1981 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sassuolo at Serie B.
Martinetti started his career at A.S. Roma youth rank. He was loaned to Sora in January 2002 for first team experience.
In June 2002, he was exchanged with Alberto Schettino but Martinetti remained at Serie C1 side Sora until the end of 2002-03 season. In 2003-04 season he left for another Serie C1 club, Prato, but in different group.
In summer 2004, he returned to Torino, and award no.24 shirt. In January 2005 he left for Serie C1 again for Novara, without any appearance to "II Toro". In January 2006, he was signed by Arezzo. In his first Serie B season, he open his sheet by scored 4 goals. But in second season, his 10 goals (along with Floro Flores 14) does not avoid relegation to Serie C1. Martinetti played in Serie C1 again until signed by Sassuolo in January 2009.
The following winter, he was awarded the joke award of "The Best Darn Dribbler in the World" by 4-4-2 magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21391647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391647" title="Toshihiro Kawamoto">
Toshihiro Kawamoto

Biography.
Early period.
Upon graduating from high school, Kawamoto was first employed in the making and designing of precision machinery. During this early period, he became interested in becoming an animator due to the ongoing "Macross" series, Yoshiyuki Tomino's "Mobile Suit Gundam" and Gainax's amateur "Daikon" films. In particular, Yoshikazu Yasuhiko's character designs were a major influence. Within a year, Kawamoto left his previous profession and enrolled in the Nagoya branch of Tokyo Designer Gakuin College (currently known as Nagoya Designer Gakuin), which he later attended for two years.
Career.
After graduating, he applied for a job at Group Donguri and was accepted. In 1986, he made his debut in Yasuhiko's 1986 film "Arion", where he was supervised by Yoshinobu Inano and mentored by lead character designer Sachiko Kamimura, with whom he later collaborated on numerous productions, including being her assistant in "Venus Wars", which was also directed and written by Yasuhiko. Soon after, he began working in numerous other Sunrise series, being the lead character designer in the "Gundam" OVA series ' and ', "" and "Cowboy Bebop". While designing the characters for "Bebop", Kawamoto modeled the character of Ed on composer Yoko Kanno, Spike Spiegel on Arsène Lupin III and "City Hunter", and Ein on a friend's dog, from a suggestion by writer Keiko Nobumoto.
In 1998, he co-founded Bones with fellow Sunrise staff members Masahiko Minami and Hiroshi Ōsaka. He has recently provided the character designs for "Wolf's Rain" and "Tenpō Ibun Ayakashi Ayashi", and the key animation to series such as "Eureka Seven", "Witch Hunter Robin", "Sword of the Stranger", "Fullmetal Alchemist", "Ouran High School Host Club" and "Michiko to Hatchin".
On March 11, 2010, Anime Expo announced Kawamoto will be an official Guest of Honor at the July Anime Expo at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
Works.
Games.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="21391676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391676" title="Eurus Wind Farm">
Eurus Wind Farm

The Eurus Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Juchitán de Zaragoza, Oaxaca, Mexico. The largest wind farm in Latin America, the partnership between Cemex and Acciona Energia cost US$550 million to build. Its 167 wind turbines combine to generate 250.5 megawatts (MW), sufficient power to supply about half a million people. By contrast with traditional means of power, it may reduce annual carbon dioxide emissions by 600,000 metric tons.

</doc>
<doc id="21391686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391686" title="Limiting oxygen index">
Limiting oxygen index

The limiting oxygen index (LOI) is the minimum concentration of oxygen, expressed as a percentage, that will support combustion of a polymer. It is measured by passing a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen over a burning specimen, and reducing the oxygen level until a critical level is reached. 
LOI values for different plastics are determined by standardized tests, such as the ISO 4589 and ASTM D2863.

</doc>
<doc id="21391687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391687" title="Chaowa Pawa (2009 film)">
Chaowa Pawa (2009 film)

Chaowa Pawa (, ) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha. The film is starring Prasenjit, Rachana Banerjee, Swarna Kamal Dutta, Santana Bose, Bodhisattwa Majumdar, Abhishek Chatterjee, Ramen Roy Chowdhury, Locket Chatterjee. This film is like Yaarana-Dostana’s male-bonding theme and the Rani-Preity-Salman-starrer "Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega", where one of the girls wakes up from a coma to find how things have changed and super hit film Dhadkan.
Plot.
Remake of Tamil movie Ninaikkaadha Naalillai.
Debdutta and Arun are inseparable childhood peers who maintain an excellent bonhomie as adults. While Arun becomes a cop, Deb joins a refrigerator company as a senior executive. Meanwhile Deb falls in love with Kabita. While Deb and Kabita plan to marry, Kabita recommends her closest friend’s name (Kajol) as a partner for Arun. Debdutta goes to Arun and lays out the plan and the duo hope to marry together, in the same day. But things go awry when Arun hurts himself while defusing a car bomb. He burns so badly that doctors abandon all hope. Succumbing to injuries, a dying Arun requests Deb to bring Kajol for a final instance. Deb goes to fetch Kajol, but her uncle Binod bashes up Deb because he has diverse plans of marrying Kajol to a Dubaian tycoon. Deb gets back to the hospital unscathed, shivering in despair. Meanwhile Kabita arrives at the venue. Deb requests and prays Kabita to act as Kajol only for a solitary instance, as the last wish of a dying man (Arun had never seen Kajol). But after experiencing Kabita as Kajol, Arun miraculously returns to life from the jaws of death. Kabita gets tragically stamped as Kajol and Deb sacrifices his love for the sake of his peer. Deb searches out Kajol, but she gets stabbed to death by Binod. Abandoning all hope Deb advises Kabita to marry Arun and remain Kajol for her forthcoming life. A dumbstruck Kabita prepares to sacrifice everything. But on the day of marriage Arun reveals that he knows every move of the sacrificing couple and ultimately the estranged and tested lovers re-unite.

</doc>
<doc id="21391690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391690" title="Dmitry Bykov">
Dmitry Bykov

Dmitry Lvovich Bykov (; b. 20 December 1967) is a Russian writer, poet and journalist. He is also known as biographer of Boris Pasternak, Bulat Okudzhava and Maxim Gorky.
Being one of the most prolific modern Russian writers, in recent years he has gained additional recognition for his biography of Boris Pasternak, published in 2005. The biography earned Bykov the 2006 National Bestseller () and Great Book () awards. He later wrote biographies of Maksim Gorky and Bulat Okudzhava. 
Bykov graduated from the Faculty of Journalism of the Moscow State University. As a journalist and critic, Bykov has been writing for the magazine "Ogoniok" since 1993. He has also periodically hosted a show on the radio station Echo of Moscow, running at least until early 2008. Earlier, he was one of the hosts of an influential TV show "Vremechko". 
In 2008 a documentary called "Virginity" () was released in which Bykov was a co-writer.
In 2009, Bykov was named assistant editor-in-chief of the weekly magazine "Profile". He is also the editor-in-chief of the monthly literature-focused magazine "What to read" ("Что читать").
Together with actor Mikhail Yefremov, he created project "Citizen Poet" (a pun on Nikolai Nekrasov's poem "Poet and Citizen"). Yefremov reads poems, written by Bykov, which are usually satirical comments on the contemporary Russian society, politics and culture. Each poems parodies the style of a famous poet of the past, e.g. Pushkin, Nekrasov, Kipling, among others. It was originally broadcast on Dozhd TV channel, but the project was closed because the poems were too critical towards Russian government. Currently, the show is hosted in audio format by Echo of Moscow radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="21391700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391700" title="Nathaniel Brent">
Nathaniel Brent

Sir Nathaniel Brent (c. 1573–1652) was an English college head.
Life.
He was the son of Anchor Brent of Little Wolford, Warwickshire, where he was born about 1573. He became 'portionist,' or postmaster, of Merton College, Oxford, in 1589; proceeded B.A. on 20 June 1593; was admitted probationer fellow there in 1594, and took the degree of M.A. on 31 October 1598. He was proctor of the university in 1607, and admitted bachelor of law on 11 October 1623.
In 1613 and 1614 he travelled abroad, securing the Italian text of the "History of the Council of Trent" which he was to translate. In 1616 he was in the Hague with Dudley Carleton, ambassador there, who wrote about Brent’s ambitions to Ralph Winwood. Soon after the close of his foreign tour Brent married Martha, the daughter and heiress of Robert Abbot, Bishop of Salisbury, and niece of George Abbot, Archbishop of Canterbury.
The influence of the Abbots secured Brent's election in 1622 to the wardenship of Merton College, in succession to Sir Henry Savile. He was afterwards appointed commissary of the diocese of Canterbury, and vicar-general to the archbishop, and on Sir Henry Marten's death became judge of the prerogative court. During the early years of William Laud's primacy (1634-7), Brent made a tour through England south of the Trent, acting for the archbishop in his metropolitical visitation of the province of Canterbury, reporting upon and correcting ecclesiastical abuses.
He had a house of his own in Little Britain, London and was often absent from Merton. On 23 August 1629 he was knighted at Woodstock by Charles I of England, who was preparing to pay a state visit to Oxford. In August 1636 Brent presented Prince Charles and Prince Rupert for degrees, when Laud, who had become Chancellor of the University of Oxford in 1630, was entertaining the royal family.
In 1638 Laud held a visitation of Merton College, and insisted on many radical reforms. Laud stayed at the college for many weeks, and found Brent an obstinate opponent. Charges of maladministration were brought against Brent by some of those whom Laud examined, but he took no public proceedings against Brent on these grounds. His letters to the warden are, however, couched in very haughty and decisive language. The tenth charge in the indictment drawn up Laud in 1641 treats of the unlawful authority exercised by him at Merton in 1638. Brent came forward as a hostile witness at Laud's trial. His testimony as to Laud's intimacy with papists and the like was damaging to the archbishop, but it did not add to his own reputation. Laud replied in writing to Brent's accusations.
On the outbreak of the First English Civil War Brent sided with Parliament. Before Charles I entered Oxford (29 October 1642), he had abandoned Oxford for London. On 27 January 1645 Charles I wrote to the remaining Fellows at Merton that Brent was deposed from his office on the grounds of his having absented himself for three years from the college, of having adhered to the rebels, and of having accepted the office of judge-marshal in their ranks. He had also signed the Solemn League and Covenant. The petition for the formal removal of Brent, to which the king's letter was an answer, was drawn up by John Greaves, Savilian professor of geometry. On 9 April William Harvey was elected to fill Brent's place: but as soon as Oxford fell into the hands of Thomas Fairfax, the parliamentary general (24 June 1646), Brent returned to Merton, and apparently resumed his post there without any opposition being offered him.
In 1647 Brent was appointed president of the parliamentary commission, or visitation, ordered by Parliament "for the correction of offences, abuses, and disorders" in the University of Oxford. The proceedings began on 3 June, but it was not until 30 September that the colleges were directed to forward to Merton their statutes, registers, and accounts to enable Brent and his colleagues to set to work. On 12 April 1648 Brent presented four of the visitors for the degree of M.A. Early in May of the same year Brent spoke for Anthony à Wood's retention of his postmastership in spite of his avowed royalism. Wood wrote that he owed this favour to the intercession of his mother, whom Brent had known from a girl.
On 17 May 1649 Fairfax and Oliver Cromwell paid the university a threatening visit, and malcontents were thenceforth proceeded against by the commission with rigour. But Brent grew dissatisfied with its proceedings. The visitors claimed to rule Merton College as they pleased, and, without consulting the Warden, they admitted fellows, masters, and bachelors of arts. On 13 February 1651 he sent a petition of protest against the conduct of the visitors to parliament. The commissioners were ordered to answer Brent's complaint, but there is no evidence that they did so, and in October 1651 Brent retired from the commission. On 27 November following he resigned his office of Warden, nominally in obedience to an order forbidding pluralities, but his refusal to sign 'the engagement,' a statement of loyalty, was a probable cause of his resignation. Brent afterwards withdrew to his house in London, and died there on 6 November 1652. He was buried in St Bartholomew-the-Less.
Works.
In 1620 he translated into English the "History of the Council of Trent" by Pietro Soane Polano (i.e. Paolo Sarpi)). A second edition appeared in 1629, and another in 1676, Archbishop Abbot had caused the Latin original to be published for the first time in 1619 in London.
In 1625, asked by George Abbot, he republished the defence of the church of England "Vindiciae Ecclesiae Anglicanae", first published in 1613 by Francis Mason, archdeacon of Norfolk.
Family.
Brent's daughter Margaret married Edward Corbet of Merton College, a presbyterian, on whom Laud repeatedly refused to confer the living of Chartham.

</doc>
<doc id="21391710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391710" title="2008 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race">
2008 UCI Road World Championships – Women's road race

The women's road race of the 2008 UCI Road World Championships cycling event took place on 27 September in Varese, Italy. The course comprised eight laps around a 17.35-kilometre route, making a total distance of 138.8 km. Each lap featured two ascents: the first at Montello (6.5% gradient for 1.15 kilometres); and the second at Ronchi (4.5% for 3.13 kilometres). The race included a total of 1,937 metres of climbing.
Pre-race favourites included Varese local rider Noemi Cantele and her team mates Tatiana Guderzo and Giorgia Bronzini, Marianne Vos of the Netherlands, Judith Arndt of Germany (champion in 2004), reigning Olympic champion Nicole Cooke and silver medallist Emma Johansson. Notably missing from the start list was Marta Bastianelli, reigning champion from 2007, who was awaiting a verdict on a non-negative drug test result in July 2008.
The race was won by Great Britain's Nicole Cooke, with Marianne Vos and Judith Arndt finishing with the same time, second and third respectively. Cooke was the first British woman to win the race since Mandy Jones in 1982.
The race.
Not long after the race began, a Swedish rider brought down the front row of the peloton when her tyres slipped on some painted letters on the road. Christine Thorburn was also brought down in a crash, when she was squeezed up against a fence. Although she was not severely injured and did attempt to chase the bunch, she failed to make contact and did not finish.
A group of thirteen riders soon broke away from the main group, driven mainly by the American Kristin Armstrong. They gained 25 seconds on the field but were pulled back by the Dutch and British teams with one lap to go. As soon as the break was caught, Marianne Vos launched a counter-attack on the Montello climb, Nicole Cooke, Judith Arndt, Trixi Worrack and Emma Johansson, and Susanne Ljungskog joined her in what was to become the winning break. Ljungskog's chances ended when she punctured, leaving five in the break.
Worrack and Vos attacked on the final hill, but were brought back to the break with 2 km to go. The race finished with a sprint, Vos took the lead before being overtaken by Cooke just before the finish line. Arndt struggled to match their speed in the sprint, she was nearly caught out by a late surge by Johansson, but eventually crossed the line in third place.
Final classification.
Did not finish.
45 riders failed to finish the race. Mayuko Hagiwara of Japan was disqualified, and Grassi Herrera of Mexico did not start the race.

</doc>
<doc id="21391713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391713" title="Feng Zikai Chinese Children's Picture Book Award">
Feng Zikai Chinese Children's Picture Book Award

The Feng Zikai Chinese Children's Picture Book Award is a biannual award aimed at promoting original, quality Chinese children's books and recognising the efforts of authors, illustrators and publishers. The Award is named after one of China's best-known illustrators, the late Feng Zikai.
The Award is sponsored by the Chen Yet-Sen Family Foundation, a Hong Kong based charitable institution, which supports childhood literacy projects. It will be handed out for the first time in July 2009 and, thereafter, every other year.
The Award is comparable to the Caldecott Medal, which honours the most distinguished American picture book for children published in the United States each year.
Background.
The best children's picture books in the Chinese-speaking world are often translated from foreign languages. As a result, they may not always be relevant to the experiences of Chinese children. The Feng Zikai Award is aimed at addressing the current inadequacy of high quality, original Chinese picture books. 
The Award recognises the achievements of writers and illustrators of Chinese children's picture books. By doing so, it hopes to encourage the production and distribution of high quality children's picture books. 
Recognising the importance of reading in a child's development, the Feng Zikai Award also aims to promote reading and to help develop a reading culture amongst children in the Chinese-speaking world.
Prizes.
The main prize will go to the winner of the "Best Children's Book Award". They will be awarded with a cash prize of US$20,000. The organiser will also purchase 3,000 copies of the winning book, which will be distributed amongst schools. 
The "Judging Panels Recommended Illustration Award" and the "Judging Panels Recommended Writing Award" winners will each receive a cash prize of US$10,000.
While the "Outstanding Children's Picture Book Award" will be given to 10 authors who will each win US$1,000.
External links.
http://www.fengzikaibookaward.org/en/index.asp
http://www.chenyetsenfoundation.org/eng/index.php
http://www.bringmeabook.org.hk/
References.
http://www.fengzikaibookaward.org/en/index.asp

</doc>
<doc id="21391749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391749" title="Horyong">
Horyong

Business.
In 1990, Horyong LIFTS was founded, and developed Steel Ladder-lift trucks(17M, 21M, 25M & 32M) newly, began to sell in the South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="21391751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391751" title="Turing test">
Turing test

The Turing test is a test of a machine's ability to exhibit intelligent behaviour equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a human. In the original illustrative example, a human judge engages in natural language conversations with a human and a machine designed to generate performance indistinguishable from that of a human being. All participants are separated from one another. If the judge cannot reliably tell the machine from the human, the machine is said to have passed the test. The test does not check the ability to give the correct answer to questions; it checks how closely the answer resembles typical human answers. The conversation is limited to a text-only channel such as a computer keyboard and screen so that the result is not dependent on the machine's ability to render words into audio.
The test was introduced by Alan Turing in his 1950 paper "Computing Machinery and Intelligence," which opens with the words: "I propose to consider the question, 'Can machines think?'" Because "thinking" is difficult to define, Turing chooses to "replace the question by another, which is closely related to it and is expressed in relatively unambiguous words." Turing's new question is: "Are there imaginable digital computers which would do well in the "imitation game"?" This question, Turing believed, is one that can actually be answered. In the remainder of the paper, he argued against all the major objections to the proposition that "machines can think".
In the years since 1950, the test has proven to be both highly influential and widely criticised, and it is an essential concept in the philosophy of artificial intelligence.
History.
Philosophical background.
The question of whether it is possible for machines to think has a long history, which is firmly entrenched in the distinction between dualist and materialist views of the mind. René Descartes prefigures aspects of the Turing Test in his 1637 Discourse on the Method when he writes: 
Here Descartes notes that automata are capable of responding to human interactions but argues that such automata can not respond appropriately to things said in their presence in the way that any human can. Descartes therefore prefigures the Turing Test by identifying the insufficiency of appropriate linguistic response as that which separates the human from the automaton. Descartes fails to consider the possibility that the insufficiency of appropriate linguistic response might be capable of being overcome by future automata and so does not propose the Turing Test as such, even if he prefigures its conceptual framework and criterion.
Denis Diderot formulates in his Pensees Philosophiques a Turing-test criterion:
"If they find a parrot who could answer to everything, I would claim it to be an intelligent being without hesitation."
This does not mean he agrees with this, but that it was already a common argument of materialists at that time.
According to dualism, the mind is non-physical (or, at the very least, has non-physical properties) and, therefore, cannot be explained in purely physical terms. According to materialism, the mind can be explained physically, which leaves open the possibility of minds that are produced artificially.
In 1936, philosopher Alfred Ayer considered the standard philosophical question of other minds: how do we know that other people have the same conscious experiences that we do? In his book, "Language, Truth and Logic", Ayer suggested a protocol to distinguish between a conscious man and an unconscious machine: "The only ground I can have for asserting that an object which appears to be conscious is not really a conscious being, but only a dummy or a machine, is that it fails to satisfy one of the empirical tests by which the presence or absence of consciousness is determined." (This suggestion is very similar to the Turing test, but is concerned with consciousness rather than intelligence. Moreover, it is not certain that Ayer's popular philosophical classic was familiar to Turing.) In other words, a thing is not conscious if it fails the consciousness test.
Alan Turing.
Researchers in the United Kingdom had been exploring "machine intelligence" for up to ten years prior to the founding of the field of AI research in 1956. It was a common topic among the members of the Ratio Club, who were an informal group of British cybernetics and electronics researchers that included Alan Turing, after whom the test is named.
Turing, in particular, had been tackling the notion of machine intelligence since at least 1941 and one of the earliest-known mentions of "computer intelligence" was made by him in 1947. In Turing's report, "Intelligent Machinery", he investigated "the question of whether or not it is possible for machinery to show intelligent behaviour" and, as part of that investigation, proposed what may be considered the forerunner to his later tests:
It is not difficult to devise a paper machine which will play a not very bad game of chess. Now get three men as subjects for the experiment. A, B and C. A and C are to be rather poor chess players, B is the operator who works the paper machine. ... Two rooms are used with some arrangement for communicating moves, and a game is played between C and either A or the paper machine. C may find it quite difficult to tell which he is playing.
"Computing Machinery and Intelligence" (1950) was the first published paper by Turing to focus exclusively on machine intelligence. Turing begins the 1950 paper with the claim, "I propose to consider the question 'Can machines think?'" As he highlights, the traditional approach to such a question is to start with definitions, defining both the terms "machine" and "intelligence". Turing chooses not to do so; instead he replaces the question with a new one, "which is closely related to it and is expressed in relatively unambiguous words." In essence he proposes to change the question from "Can machines think?" to "Can machines do what we (as thinking entities) can do?" The advantage of the new question, Turing argues, is that it draws "a fairly sharp line between the physical and intellectual capacities of a man."
To demonstrate this approach Turing proposes a test inspired by a party game, known as the "Imitation Game," in which a man and a woman go into separate rooms and guests try to tell them apart by writing a series of questions and reading the typewritten answers sent back. In this game both the man and the woman aim to convince the guests that they are the other. (Huma Shah argues that this two-human version of the game was presented by Turing only to introduce the reader to the machine-human question-answer test.) Turing described his new version of the game as follows:
We now ask the question, "What will happen when a machine takes the part of A in this game?" Will the interrogator decide wrongly as often when the game is played like this as he does when the game is played between a man and a woman? These questions replace our original, "Can machines think?"
Later in the paper Turing suggests an "equivalent" alternative formulation involving a judge conversing only with a computer and a man. While neither of these formulations precisely matches the version of the Turing Test that is more generally known today, he proposed a third in 1952. In this version, which Turing discussed in a BBC radio broadcast, a jury asks questions of a computer and the role of the computer is to make a significant proportion of the jury believe that it is really a man.
Turing's paper considered nine putative objections, which include all the major arguments against artificial intelligence that have been raised in the years since the paper was published (see "Computing Machinery and Intelligence").
ELIZA and PARRY.
In 1966, Joseph Weizenbaum created a program which appeared to pass the Turing test. The program, known as ELIZA, worked by examining a user's typed comments for keywords. If a keyword is found, a rule that transforms the user's comments is applied, and the resulting sentence is returned. If a keyword is not found, ELIZA responds either with a generic riposte or by repeating one of the earlier comments. In addition, Weizenbaum developed ELIZA to replicate the behaviour of a Rogerian psychotherapist, allowing ELIZA to be "free to assume the pose of knowing almost nothing of the real world." With these techniques, Weizenbaum's program was able to fool some people into believing that they were talking to a real person, with some subjects being "very hard to convince that ELIZA [...] is "not" human." Thus, ELIZA is claimed by some to be one of the programs (perhaps the first) able to pass the Turing Test, even though this view is highly contentious (see below).
Kenneth Colby created PARRY in 1972, a program described as "ELIZA with attitude". It attempted to model the behaviour of a paranoid schizophrenic, using a similar (if more advanced) approach to that employed by Weizenbaum. To validate the work, PARRY was tested in the early 1970s using a variation of the Turing Test. A group of experienced psychiatrists analysed a combination of real patients and computers running PARRY through teleprinters. Another group of 33 psychiatrists were shown transcripts of the conversations. The two groups were then asked to identify which of the "patients" were human and which were computer programs. The psychiatrists were able to make the correct identification only 48 percent of the time – a figure consistent with random guessing.
In the 21st century, versions of these programs (now known as "chatterbots") continue to fool people. "CyberLover", a malware program, preys on Internet users by convincing them to "reveal information about their identities or to lead them to visit a web site that will deliver malicious content to their computers". The program has emerged as a "Valentine-risk" flirting with people "seeking relationships online in order to collect their personal data".
The Chinese room.
John Searle's 1980 paper "Minds, Brains, and Programs" proposed the "Chinese room" thought experiment and argued that the Turing test could not be used to determine if a machine can think. Searle noted that software (such as ELIZA) could pass the Turing Test simply by manipulating symbols of which they had no understanding. Without understanding, they could not be described as "thinking" in the same sense people do. Therefore, Searle concludes, the Turing Test cannot prove that a machine can think. Much like the Turing test itself, Searle's argument has been both widely criticised and highly endorsed.
Arguments such as Searle's and others working on the philosophy of mind sparked off a more intense debate about the nature of intelligence, the possibility of intelligent machines and the value of the Turing test that continued through the 1980s and 1990s.
Loebner Prize.
The Loebner Prize provides an annual platform for practical Turing Tests with the first competition held in November 1991. It is underwritten by Hugh Loebner. The Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies in Massachusetts, United States, organised the prizes up to and including the 2003 contest. As Loebner described it, one reason the competition was created is to advance the state of AI research, at least in part, because no one had taken steps to implement the Turing Test despite 40 years of discussing it.
The first Loebner Prize competition in 1991 led to a renewed discussion of the viability of the Turing Test and the value of pursuing it, in both the popular press and the academia. The first contest was won by a mindless program with no identifiable intelligence that managed to fool naive interrogators into making the wrong identification. This highlighted several of the shortcomings of the Turing Test (discussed below): The winner won, at least in part, because it was able to "imitate human typing errors"; the unsophisticated interrogators were easily fooled; and some researchers in AI have been led to feel that the test is merely a distraction from more fruitful research.
The silver (text only) and gold (audio and visual) prizes have never been won. However, the competition has awarded the bronze medal every year for the computer system that, in the judges' opinions, demonstrates the "most human" conversational behaviour among that year's entries. Artificial Linguistic Internet Computer Entity (A.L.I.C.E.) has won the bronze award on three occasions in recent times (2000, 2001, 2004). Learning AI Jabberwacky won in 2005 and 2006.
The Loebner Prize tests conversational intelligence; winners are typically chatterbot programs, or Artificial Conversational Entities (ACE)s. Early Loebner Prize rules restricted conversations: Each entry and hidden-human conversed on a single topic, thus the interrogators were restricted to one line of questioning per entity interaction. The restricted conversation rule was lifted for the 1995 Loebner Prize. Interaction duration between judge and entity has varied in Loebner Prizes. In Loebner 2003, at the University of Surrey, each interrogator was allowed five minutes to interact with an entity, machine or hidden-human. Between 2004 and 2007, the interaction time allowed in Loebner Prizes was more than twenty minutes. In 2008, the interrogation duration allowed was five minutes per pair, because the organiser, Kevin Warwick, and coordinator, Huma Shah, consider this to be the duration for any test, as Turing stated in his 1950 paper: " ... making the right identification after five minutes of questioning". They felt Loebner's longer test, implemented in Loebner Prizes 2006 and 2007, was inappropriate for the state of artificial conversation technology. It is ironic that the 2008 winning entry, Elbot from Artificial Solutions, does not mimic a human; its personality is that of a robot, yet Elbot deceived three human judges that it was the human during human-parallel comparisons.
During the 2009 competition, held in Brighton, UK, the communication program restricted judges to 10 minutes for each round, 5 minutes to converse with the human, 5 minutes to converse with the program. This was to test the alternative reading of Turing's prediction that the 5-minute interaction was to be with the computer. For the 2010 competition, the Sponsor has again increased the interaction time, between interrogator and system, to 25 minutes.
2014 University of Reading competition.
On 7 June 2014 in a Turing test competition organised by Kevin Warwick to mark the 60th anniversary of Turing's death, was won by the Russian chatter bot Eugene Goostman. The bot, during a series of five-minute-long text conversations, convinced 33% of the contest's judges that it was human. Judges included John Sharkey, a sponsor of the bill granting a government pardon to Turing, and "Red Dwarf" actor Robert Llewellyn.
The competition's organiser believed that the Turing test had been "passed for the first time" at the event, saying that "some will claim that the Test has already been passed. The words Turing Test have been applied to similar competitions around the world. However this event involved the most simultaneous comparison tests than ever before, was independently verified and, crucially, the conversations were unrestricted. A true Turing Test does not set the questions or topics prior to the conversations."
The contest has faced criticism, with many in the AI community stating that the computer clearly did not pass the test. First, only a third of the judges were fooled by the computer. Second, the program's character claimed to be a Ukrainian who learned English as a second language. Third, it claimed to be 13 years old, not an adult. The contest only required 30% of judges to be fooled, a very low threshold. This was based on an out-of-context quote by Turing, where he was predicting the future capabilities of computers rather than defining the test. In addition, many of its responses were cases of dodging the question, without demonstrating any understanding of what was said. Joshua Tenenbaum, an AI expert at MIT stated that the result was unimpressive.
Versions of the Turing test.
Saul Traiger argues that there are at least three primary versions of the Turing test, two of which are offered in "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" and one that he describes as the "Standard Interpretation." While there is some debate regarding whether the "Standard Interpretation" is that described by Turing or, instead, based on a misreading of his paper, these three versions are not regarded as equivalent, and their strengths and weaknesses are distinct.
Huma Shah points out that Turing himself was concerned with whether a machine could think and was providing a simple method to examine this: through human-machine question-answer sessions. Shah argues there is one imitation game which Turing described could be practicalised in two different ways: a) one-to-one interrogator-machine test, and b) simultaneous comparison of a machine with a human, both questioned in parallel by an interrogator. Since the Turing test is a test of indistinguishability in performance capacity, the verbal version generalises naturally to all of human performance capacity, verbal as well as nonverbal (robotic).
The Imitation Game.
Turing's original game described a simple party game involving three players. Player A is a man, player B is a woman and player C (who plays the role of the interrogator) is of either sex. In the Imitation Game, player C is unable to see either player A or player B, and can communicate with them only through written notes. By asking questions of player A and player B, player C tries to determine which of the two is the man and which is the woman. Player A's role is to trick the interrogator into making the wrong decision, while player B attempts to assist the interrogator in making the right one.
Sterret referred to this as the "Original Imitation Game Test". Turing proposed that the role of player A be filled by a computer so that its task was to pretend to be a woman and attempt to trick the interrogator into making an incorrect evaluation. The success of the computer was determined by comparing the outcome of the game when player A is a computer against the outcome when player A is a man. Turing stated if "the interrogator decidewrongly as often when the game is played [with the computer as he does when the game is played between a man and a woman", it may be argued that the computer is intelligent.
The second version appeared later in Turing's 1950 paper. Similar to the Original Imitation Game Test, the role of player A is performed by a computer. However, the role of player B is performed by a man rather than a woman.
"Let us fix our attention on one particular digital computer "C." Is it true that by modifying this computer to have an adequate storage, suitably increasing its speed of action, and providing it with an appropriate programme, "C" can be made to play satisfactorily the part of A in the imitation game, the part of B being taken by a man?"
In this version, both player A (the computer) and player B are trying to trick the interrogator into making an incorrect decision.
The standard interpretation.
Common understanding has it that the purpose of the Turing Test is not specifically to determine whether a computer is able to fool an interrogator into believing that it is a human, but rather whether a computer could "imitate" a human. While there is some dispute whether this interpretation was intended by Turing – Sterrett believes that it was and thus conflates the second version with this one, while others, such as Traiger, do not – this has nevertheless led to what can be viewed as the "standard interpretation." In this version, player A is a computer and player B a person of either sex. The role of the interrogator is not to determine which is male and which is female, but which is a computer and which is a human. The fundamental issue with the standard interpretation is that the interrogator cannot differentiate which responder is human, and which is machine. There are issues about duration, but the standard interpretation generally considers this limitation as something that should be reasonable.
Imitation Game vs. Standard Turing Test.
Controversy has arisen over which of the alternative formulations of the test Turing intended. Sterrett argues that two distinct tests can be extracted from his 1950 paper and that, "pace" Turing's remark, they are not equivalent. The test that employs the party game and compares frequencies of success is referred to as the "Original Imitation Game Test," whereas the test consisting of a human judge conversing with a human and a machine is referred to as the "Standard Turing Test," noting that Sterrett equates this with the "standard interpretation" rather than the second version of the imitation game. Sterrett agrees that the Standard Turing Test (STT) has the problems that its critics cite but feels that, in contrast, the Original Imitation Game Test (OIG Test) so defined is immune to many of them, due to a crucial difference: Unlike the STT, it does not make similarity to human performance the criterion, even though it employs human performance in setting a criterion for machine intelligence. A man can fail the OIG Test, but it is argued that it is a virtue of a test of intelligence that failure indicates a lack of resourcefulness: The OIG Test requires the resourcefulness associated with intelligence and not merely "simulation of human conversational behaviour." The general structure of the OIG Test could even be used with non-verbal versions of imitation games.
Still other writers have interpreted Turing as proposing that the imitation game itself is the test, without specifying how to take into account Turing's statement that the test that he proposed using the party version of the imitation game is based upon a criterion of comparative frequency of success in that imitation game, rather than a capacity to succeed at one round of the game.
Saygin has suggested that maybe the original game is a way of proposing a less biased experimental design as it hides the participation of the computer. The imitation game also includes a "social hack" not found in the standard interpretation, as in the game both computer and male human are required to play as pretending to be someone they are not.
Should the interrogator know about the computer?
A crucial piece of any laboratory test is that there should be a control. Turing never makes clear whether the interrogator in his tests is aware that one of the participants is a computer. However, if there was a machine that did have the potential to pass a Turing test, it would be safe to assume a double blind control would be necessary.
To return to the Original Imitation Game, he states only that player A is to be replaced with a machine, not that player C is to be made aware of this replacement. When Colby, FD Hilf, S Weber and AD Kramer tested PARRY, they did so by assuming that the interrogators did not need to know that one or more of those being interviewed was a computer during the interrogation. As Ayse Saygin, Peter Swirski, and others have highlighted, this makes a big difference to the implementation and outcome of the test. An experimental study looking at Gricean maxim violations using transcripts of Loebner's one-to-one (interrogator-hidden interlocutor) Prize for AI contests between 1994–1999, Ayse Saygin found significant differences between the responses of participants who knew and did not know about computers being involved.
Huma Shah and Kevin Warwick, who organised the 2008 Loebner Prize at Reading University which staged simultaneous comparison tests (one judge-two hidden interlocutors), showed that knowing/not knowing did not make a significant difference in some judges' determination. Judges were not explicitly told about the nature of the pairs of hidden interlocutors they would interrogate. Judges were able to distinguish human from machine, including when they were faced with control pairs of two humans and two machines embedded among the machine-human set ups. Spelling errors gave away the hidden-humans; machines were identified by 'speed of response' and lengthier utterances.
Strengths of the test.
Tractability and simplicity.
The power and appeal of the Turing test derives from its simplicity. The philosophy of mind, psychology, and modern neuroscience have been unable to provide definitions of "intelligence" and "thinking" that are sufficiently precise and general to be applied to machines. Without such definitions, the central questions of the philosophy of artificial intelligence cannot be answered. The Turing test, even if imperfect, at least provides something that can actually be measured. As such, it is a pragmatic solution to a difficult philosophical question.
Breadth of subject matter.
The format of the test allows the interrogator to give the machine a wide variety of intellectual tasks. Turing wrote that "the question and answer method seems to be suitable for introducing almost any one of the fields of human endeavor that we wish to include." John Haugeland adds that "understanding the words is not enough; you have to understand the "topic" as well."
To pass a well-designed Turing test, the machine must use natural language, reason, have knowledge and learn. The test can be extended to include video input, as well as a "hatch" through which objects can be passed: this would force the machine to demonstrate the skill of vision and robotics as well. Together, these represent almost all of the major problems that artificial intelligence research would like to solve.
The Feigenbaum test is designed to take advantage of the broad range of topics available to a Turing test. It is a limited form of Turing's question-answer game which compares the machine against the abilities of experts in specific fields such as literature or chemistry. IBM's Watson machine achieved success in a man versus machine television quiz show of human knowledge, Jeopardy!
Weaknesses of the test.
Turing did not explicitly state that the Turing test could be used as a measure of intelligence, or any other human quality. He wanted to provide a clear and understandable alternative to the word "think", which he could then use to reply to criticisms of the possibility of "thinking machines" and to suggest ways that research might move forward.
Nevertheless, the Turing test has been proposed as a measure of a machine's "ability to think" or its "intelligence". This proposal has received criticism from both philosophers and computer scientists. It assumes that an interrogator can determine if a machine is "thinking" by comparing its behaviour with human behaviour. Every element of this assumption has been questioned: the reliability of the interrogator's judgement, the value of comparing only behaviour and the value of comparing the machine with a human. Because of these and other considerations, some AI researchers have questioned the relevance of the test to their field.
Human intelligence vs intelligence in general.
The Turing test does not directly test whether the computer behaves intelligently – it tests only whether the computer behaves like a human being. Since human behaviour and intelligent behaviour are not exactly the same thing, the test can fail to accurately measure intelligence in two ways:
Real intelligence vs simulated intelligence.
The Turing test is concerned strictly with how the subject "acts" – the external behaviour of the machine. In this regard, it takes a behaviourist or functionalist approach to the study of intelligence. The example of ELIZA suggests that a machine passing the test may be able to simulate human conversational behaviour by following a simple (but large) list of mechanical rules, without thinking or having a mind at all.
John Searle has argued that external behaviour cannot be used to determine if a machine is "actually" thinking or merely "simulating thinking." His Chinese room argument is intended to show that, even if the Turing test is a good operational definition of intelligence, it may not indicate that the machine has a mind, consciousness, or intentionality. (Intentionality is a philosophical term for the power of thoughts to be "about" something.)
Turing anticipated this line of criticism in his original paper, writing: 
Naivete of interrogators and the anthropomorphic fallacy.
In practice, the test's results can easily be dominated not by the computer's intelligence, but by the attitudes, skill or naivete of the questioner.
Turing does not specify the precise skills and knowledge required by the interrogator in his description of the test, but he did use the term "average interrogator": " average interrogator would not have more than 70 per cent chance of making the right identification after five minutes of questioning".
Chatterbot programs such as ELIZA have repeatedly fooled unsuspecting people into believing that they are communicating with human beings. In these cases, the "interrogator" is not even aware of the possibility that they are interacting with a computer. To successfully appear human, there is no need for the machine to have any intelligence whatsoever and only a superficial resemblance to human behaviour is required.
Early Loebner prize competitions used "unsophisticated" interrogators who were easily fooled by the machines. Since 2004, the Loebner Prize organizers have deployed philosophers, computer scientists, and journalists among the interrogators. Nonetheless, some of these experts have been deceived by the machines.
Michael Shermer points out that human beings consistently choose to consider non-human objects as human whenever they are allowed the chance, a mistake called the anthropomorphic fallacy: They talk to their cars, ascribe desire and intentions to natural forces (e.g., "nature abhors a vacuum"), and worship the sun as a human-like being with intelligence. If the Turing test is applied to religious objects, Shermer argues, then, that inanimate statues, rocks, and places have consistently passed the test throughout history. This human tendency towards anthropomorphism effectively lowers the bar for the Turing test, unless interrogators are specifically trained to avoid it.
Impracticality and irrelevance: the Turing test and AI research.
Mainstream AI researchers argue that trying to pass the Turing Test is merely a distraction from more fruitful research. Indeed, the Turing test is not an active focus of much academic or commercial effort—as Stuart Russell and Peter Norvig write: "AI researchers have devoted little attention to passing the Turing test." There are several reasons.
First, there are easier ways to test their programs. Most current research in AI-related fields is aimed at modest and specific goals, such as automated scheduling, object recognition, or logistics. To test the intelligence of the programs that solve these problems, AI researchers simply give them the task directly. Russell and Norvig suggest an analogy with the history of flight: Planes are tested by how well they fly, not by comparing them to birds. "Aeronautical engineering texts," they write, "do not define the goal of their field as 'making machines that fly so exactly like pigeons that they can fool other pigeons.'"
Second, creating lifelike simulations of human beings is a difficult problem on its own that does not need to be solved to achieve the basic goals of AI research. Believable human characters may be interesting in a work of art, a game, or a sophisticated user interface, but they are not part of the science of creating intelligent machines, that is, machines that solve problems using intelligence. 
Turing, for his part, never intended his test to be used as a practical, day-to-day measure of the intelligence of AI programs; he wanted to provide a clear and understandable example to aid in the discussion of the philosophy of artificial intelligence. John McCarthy observes that the philosophy of AI is "unlikely to have any more effect on the practice of AI research than philosophy of science generally has on the practice of science."
Variations of the Turing test.
Numerous other versions of the Turing test, including those expounded above, have been mooted through the years.
Reverse Turing test and CAPTCHA.
A modification of the Turing test wherein the objective of one or more of the roles have been reversed between machines and humans is termed a reverse Turing test. An example is implied in the work of psychoanalyst Wilfred Bion, who was particularly fascinated by the "storm" that resulted from the encounter of one mind by another. In his 2000 book, among several other original points with regard to the Turing test, literary scholar Peter Swirski discussed in detail the idea of what he termed the Swirski test—essentially the reverse Turing test. He pointed out that it overcomes most if not all standard objections levelled at the standard version.
Carrying this idea forward, R. D. Hinshelwood described the mind as a "mind recognizing apparatus." The challenge would be for the computer to be able to determine if it were interacting with a human or another computer. This is an extension of the original question that Turing attempted to answer but would, perhaps, offer a high enough standard to define a machine that could "think" in a way that we typically define as characteristically human.
CAPTCHA is a form of reverse Turing test. Before being allowed to perform some action on a website, the user is presented with alphanumerical characters in a distorted graphic image and asked to type them out. This is intended to prevent automated systems from being used to abuse the site. The rationale is that software sufficiently sophisticated to read and reproduce the distorted image accurately does not exist (or is not available to the average user), so any system able to do so is likely to be a human.
Software that can reverse CAPTCHA with some accuracy by analysing patterns in the generating engine is being actively developed.
OCR or optical character recognition is also under development as a workaround for the inaccessibility of several CAPTCHA schemes to humans with disabilities.
Subject matter expert Turing test.
Another variation is described as the subject matter expert Turing test, where a machine's response cannot be distinguished from an expert in a given field. This is also known as a "Feigenbaum test" and was proposed by Edward Feigenbaum in a 2003 paper.
Total Turing test.
The "Total Turing test" variation of the Turing test adds two further requirements to the traditional Turing test. The interrogator can also test the perceptual abilities of the subject (requiring Computer vision) and the subject's ability to manipulate objects (requiring Robotics).
Minimum Intelligent Signal Test.
The Minimum Intelligent Signal Test was proposed by Chris McKinstry as "the maximum abstraction of the Turing test", in which only binary responses (true/false or yes/no) are permitted, to focus only on the capacity for thought. It eliminates text chat problems like anthropomorphism bias, and doesn't require emulation of unintelligent human behaviour, allowing for systems that exceed human intelligence. The questions must each stand on their own, however, making it more like an IQ test than an interrogation. It is typically used to gather statistical data against which the performance of artificial intelligence programs may be measured.
Hutter Prize.
The organizers of the Hutter Prize believe that compressing natural language text is a hard AI problem, equivalent to passing the Turing test.
The data compression test has some advantages over most versions and variations of a Turing test, including:
The main disadvantages of using data compression as a test are:
Other tests based on compression or Kolmogorov Complexity.
A related approach to Hutter's prize which appeared much earlier in the late 1990s is the inclusion of compression problems in an extended Turing Test. or by tests which are completely derived from Kolmogorov complexity.
Other related tests in this line are presented by Hernandez-Orallo and Dowe.
Algorithmic IQ, or AIQ for short, is an attempt to convert the theoretical Universal Intelligence Measure from Legg and Hutter (based on Solomonoff's inductive inference) into a working practical test of machine intelligence.
Two major advantages of some of these tests are their applicability to nonhuman intelligences and their absence of a requirement for human testers.
Ebert test.
The Turing test inspired the Ebert test proposed in 2011 by film critic Roger Ebert which is a test whether a computer-based synthesised voice has sufficient skill in terms of intonations, inflections, timing and so forth, to make people laugh.
Predictions.
Turing predicted that machines would eventually be able to pass the test; in fact, he estimated that by the year 2000, machines with around 100 MB of storage would be able to fool 30% of human judges in a five-minute test, and that people would no longer consider the phrase "thinking machine" contradictory. (In practice, from 2009–2012, the Loebner Prize chatterbot contestants only managed to fool a judge once, and that was only due to the human contestant pretending to be a chatbot.) He further predicted that machine learning would be an important part of building powerful machines, a claim considered plausible by contemporary researchers in artificial intelligence.
In a 2008 paper submitted to 19th Midwest Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive Science Conference, Dr. Shane T. Mueller predicted a modified Turing Test called a "Cognitive Decathlon" could be accomplished within 5 years.
By extrapolating an exponential growth of technology over several decades, futurist Ray Kurzweil predicted that Turing test-capable computers would be manufactured in the near future. In 1990, he set the year around 2020. By 2005, he had revised his estimate to 2029.
The Long Bet Project Bet Nr. 1 is a wager of $20,000 between Mitch Kapor (pessimist) and Ray Kurzweil (optimist) about whether a computer will pass a lengthy Turing Test by the year 2029. During the Long Now Turing Test, each of three Turing Test Judges will conduct online interviews of each of the four Turing Test Candidates (i.e., the Computer and the three Turing Test Human Foils) for two hours each for a total of eight hours of interviews. The bet specifies the conditions in some detail.
Conferences.
Turing Colloquium.
1990 marked the fortieth anniversary of the first publication of Turing's "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" paper, and, thus, saw renewed interest in the test. Two significant events occurred in that year: The first was the Turing Colloquium, which was held at the University of Sussex in April, and brought together academics and researchers from a wide variety of disciplines to discuss the Turing Test in terms of its past, present, and future; the second was the formation of the annual Loebner Prize competition.
Blay Whitby lists four major turning points in the history of the Turing Test – the publication of "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" in 1950, the announcement of Joseph Weizenbaum's ELIZA in 1966, Kenneth Colby's creation of PARRY, which was first described in 1972, and the Turing Colloquium in 1990.
2005 Colloquium on Conversational Systems.
In November 2005, the University of Surrey hosted an inaugural one-day meeting of artificial conversational entity developers,
attended by winners of practical Turing Tests in the Loebner Prize: Robby Garner, Richard Wallace and Rollo Carpenter. Invited speakers included David Hamill, Hugh Loebner (sponsor of the Loebner Prize) and Huma Shah.
2008 AISB Symposium on the Turing Test.
In parallel to the 2008 Loebner Prize held at the University of Reading,
the Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour (AISB), hosted a one-day symposium to discuss the Turing Test, organised by John Barnden, Mark Bishop, Huma Shah and Kevin Warwick. 
The Speakers included Royal Institution's Director Baroness Susan Greenfield, Selmer Bringsjord, Turing's biographer Andrew Hodges, and consciousness scientist Owen Holland. No agreement emerged for a canonical Turing Test, though Bringsjord expressed that a sizeable prize would result in the Turing Test being passed sooner.
2010 AISB symposium on the Turing Test.
Sixty years following its introduction, continued argument over Turing's 'Can machines think?' experiment led to its reconsideration for the 21st Century Symposium at the AISB Convention, held 29 March to 1 April 2010 in De Montfort University, UK. The AISB is the (British) Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour.
The Alan Turing Year, and Turing100 in 2012.
Throughout 2012, a number of major events took place to celebrate Turing's life and scientific impact. The Turing100 group supported these events and also, organised a special Turing test event in Bletchley Park on 23 June 2012 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Turing's birth.
2012 AISB/IACAP symposium on the Turing Test.
Latest discussions on the Turing Test in a symposium with 11 speakers, organised by Vincent C. Müller (ACT & Oxford) and Aladdin Ayeshm (de Montfort) – with Mark Bishop, John Barnden, Alessio Plebe and Pietro Perconti.

</doc>
<doc id="21391755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391755" title="Union Bank F.C.">
Union Bank F.C.

Union Bank FC is a Nigerian soccer club run by Union Bank Nigeria PLC and based in Lagos. The bank runs clubs in various sports, including basketball and field hockey.
They were relegated (along with Kolu United and FC Ebedei) to the Nigeria Amateur League from the Pro League after the 2008-09 season.
They won promotion in 2013 but instead sold their slot in the Pro League to a resurrected Stationery Stores F.C. and joined the Lagos-based Metro Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="21391759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391759" title="1947 Maryland Terrapins football team">
1947 Maryland Terrapins football team

The 1947 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) college football in its 27th season as a member of the Southern Conference.
Jim Tatum served as the first-year head coach and replaced Clark Shaughnessy who had been asked to resign. Tatum replaced Shaughnessy's pass-oriented version of the T formation with the option-heavy split-T offense. During his nine-year tenure at College Park, Tatum would become the winningest coach in school history. In 1947, he got off to a good start and significantly improved from Shaughnessy's 3–6 record of the season prior.
The highlight of the season was a berth in the 1948 Gator Bowl, the first postseason game in school history. NCAA-scoring leader Lu Gambino ran for 165 yards and scored all three touchdowns for Maryland. The game ultimately ended in a stalemate.
Personnel.
Roster.
The Maryland roster for the 1947 season consisted of the following players:
Game notes.
South Carolina.
Gambino scored three touchdowns and Maryland firmly held the momentum for the first three quarters. In the final period, South Carolina mounted a comeback attempt. Maryland player Gene Kinney intercepted a pass on the Terrapin 31-yard line to secure the victory, 19–13.
Delaware.
Delaware entered the game atop a 32-game winning streak. Gambino again scored three touchdowns, with others added by Davis, Idzik, and Targarona. The Blue Hens responded to an 88-yard touchdown run by Gambino with a 90-yard score by Cole.
Richmond.
Maryland avenged the previous season's loss to Richmond. Gambino scored twice and completed a pass to Simler for the third touchdown.
Duke (#17).
Maryland fumbles and interceptions helped Duke snap the three-game winning streak. Vernon Seibert scored the Terrapins' only score of the day. It was also the first touchdown ever scored by Maryland against Duke.
Virginia Tech.
Virginia Tech scored twice in the first quarter after Maryland penalties and a turnover. In the fourth quarter, Maryland mounted a two-touchdown rally to spoil Virginia Tech's homecoming, 21–19. The decisive scores were due to a long Vic Turyn pass to Simler and a 32-yard dash by Idzik. McHugh made all three point after touchdown kicks, which proved to be the margin of victory.
Awards.
Lu Gambino was selected as a first-team All-Southern Conference back. Gambino and Eugene Kinney were named honorable mention All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="21391859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391859" title="Andrew Mamedoff">
Andrew Mamedoff

Flight Lieutenant Andrew Beck Mamedoff (12 August 1912 – 8 October 1941), known as Andy, was an American pilot who flew with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain in World War II. He was one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star.
Biography.
Born in Thompson, Connecticut, where his White Russian family had settled in the early 1910s. Interestingly, it is believed that he was Jewish of Russian heritage. Mamedoff attended Bryant College in the early 1930s.
He had learned to fly in the USA and even had his own plane with which he performed at airshows. He and Eugene Tobin had been flying friends at Mines Field in California before the war. He was attempting to set up charter services in Miami immediately prior to the war. Mamedoff initially came to Europe to fight on the side of Finland against the Soviet Union, but hostilities had ceased before he arrived.
In 1941 Mamedoff married an English woman, Alys Laird "Penny" Mamedoff (née Craven) at Epping. He became the first of the Americans to take a war bride during World War II.
Second World War.
He joined the French Air Force towards the end of the Battle of France, but as France fell he came to England with his friends and fellow Americans Eugene Tobin and Vernon Keough and joined the Royal Air Force in 1940.
After converting to the Spitfire, Mamedoff was posted to RAF Middle Wallop and joined No. 609 Squadron on 8 August 1940.
He was posted to RAF Kirton in Lindsey in Lincolnshire on 18 September 1940 and was a founding member of the No. 71 'Eagle' Squadron along with Art Donahue, Eugene Tobin and Vernon Keough. He was posted to RAF Duxford in August 1941 to another "Eagle Squadron", No. 133 Squadron as a Flight Commander.
Death.
On 8 October 1941, Mamedoff was flying with 133 Squadron on a standard transit flight from Fowlmere Airfield to RAF Eglinton in Northern Ireland in his Hurricane Z3781. The wreckage of his plane was found near Maughold on the Isle of Man and it is thought that he crashed due to poor weather conditions. His body was later recovered for burial at Brookwood Military Cemetery in Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="21391870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391870" title="Halting problem">
Halting problem

In computability theory, the halting problem can be stated as follows: ""Given a description of an arbitrary computer program, decide whether the program finishes running or continues to run forever"". This is equivalent to the problem of deciding, given a program and an input, whether the program will eventually halt when run with that input, or will run forever.
Alan Turing proved in 1936 that a general algorithm to solve the halting problem for "all" possible program-input pairs cannot exist. A key part of the proof was a mathematical definition of a computer and program, which became known as a Turing machine; the halting problem is "undecidable" over Turing machines. It is one of the first examples of a decision problem.
Jack Copeland (2004) attributes the term "halting problem" to Martin Davis.
Background.
The halting problem is a decision problem about properties of computer programs on a fixed Turing-complete model of computation, i.e. all programs that can be written in some given programming language that is general enough to be equivalent to a Turing machine. The problem is to determine, given a program and an input to the program, whether the program will eventually halt when run with that input. In this abstract framework, there are no resource limitations on the amount of memory or time required for the program's execution; it can take arbitrarily long, and use arbitrarily much storage space, before halting. The question is simply whether the given program will ever halt on a particular input.
For example, in pseudocode, the program:
does not halt; rather, it goes on forever in an infinite loop. On the other hand, the program
does halt.
While deciding whether these programs halt is simple, more complex programs prove problematic.
One approach to the problem might be to run the program for some number of steps and check if it halts. But if the program does not halt, it is unknown whether the program will eventually halt or run forever.
Turing proved no algorithm can exist which will always correctly decide whether, for a given arbitrary program and its input, the program halts when run with that input; the essence of Turing's proof is that any such algorithm can be made to contradict itself, and therefore cannot be correct.
Importance and consequences.
The halting problem is historically important because it was one of the first problems to be proved undecidable. (Turing's proof went to press in May 1936, whereas Alonzo Church's proof of the undecidability of a problem in the lambda calculus had already been published in April 1936.) Subsequently, many other undecidable problems have been described; the typical method of proving a problem to be undecidable is with the technique of "reduction". To do this, it is sufficient to show that if a solution to the new problem were found, it could be used to decide an undecidable problem by transforming instances of the undecidable problem into instances of the new problem. Since we already know that "no" method can decide the old problem, no method can decide the new problem either. Often the new problem is reduced to solving the halting problem.
For example, one such consequence of the halting problem's undecidability is that there cannot be a general algorithm that decides whether a given statement about natural numbers is true or not. The reason for this is that the proposition stating that a certain program will halt given a certain input can be converted into an equivalent statement about natural numbers. If we had an algorithm that could solve every statement about natural numbers, it could certainly solve this one; but that would determine whether the original program halts, which is impossible, since the halting problem is undecidable.
Rice's theorem generalizes the theorem that the halting problem is unsolvable. It states that for "any" non-trivial property, there is no general decision procedure that, for all programs, decides whether the partial function implemented by the input program has that property. (A partial function is a function which may not always produce a result, and so is used to model programs, which can either produce results or fail to halt.) For example, the property "halt for the input 0" is undecidable. Here, "non-trivial" means that the set of partial functions that satisfy the property is neither the empty set nor the set of all partial functions. For example, "halts or fails to halt on input 0" is clearly true of all partial functions, so it is a trivial property, and can be decided by an algorithm that simply reports "true." Also, note that this theorem holds only for properties of the partial function implemented by the program; Rice's Theorem does not apply to properties of the program itself. For example, "halt on input 0 within 100 steps" is not a property of the partial function that is implemented by the program—it is a property of the program implementing the partial function and is very much decidable.
Gregory Chaitin has defined a halting probability, represented by the symbol Ω, a type of real number that informally is said to represent the probability that a randomly produced program halts. These numbers have the same Turing degree as the halting problem. It is a normal and transcendental number which can be defined but cannot be completely computed. This means one can prove that there is no algorithm which produces the digits of Ω, although its first few digits can be calculated in simple cases.
While Turing's proof shows that there can be no general method or algorithm to determine whether algorithms halt, individual instances of that problem may very well be susceptible to attack. Given a specific algorithm, one can often show that it must halt for any input, and in fact computer scientists often do just that as part of a correctness proof. But each proof has to be developed specifically for the algorithm at hand; there is no "mechanical, general way" to determine whether algorithms on a Turing machine halt. However, there are some heuristics that can be used in an automated fashion to attempt to construct a proof, which succeed frequently on typical programs. This field of research is known as automated termination analysis.
Since the negative answer to the halting problem shows that there are problems that cannot be solved by a Turing machine, the Church–Turing thesis limits what can be accomplished by any machine that implements effective methods. However, not all machines conceivable to human imagination are subject to the Church–Turing thesis (e.g. oracle machines). It is an open question whether there can be actual deterministic physical processes that, in the long run, elude simulation by a Turing machine, and in particular whether any such hypothetical process could usefully be harnessed in the form of a calculating machine (a hypercomputer) that could solve the halting problem for a Turing machine amongst other things. It is also an open question whether any such unknown physical processes are involved in the working of the human brain, and whether humans can solve the halting problem (Copeland 2004, p. 15).
Representation as a set.
The conventional representation of decision problems is the set of objects possessing the property in question. The halting set
represents the halting problem.
This set is recursively enumerable, which means there is a computable function that lists all of the pairs ("i", "x") it contains. However, the complement of this set is not recursively enumerable.
There are many equivalent formulations of the halting problem; any set whose Turing degree equals that of the halting problem is such a formulation. Examples of such sets include:
Sketch of proof.
The proof shows there is no total computable function that decides whether an arbitrary program "i" halts on arbitrary input "x"; that is, the following function "h" is not computable (Penrose 1990, p. 57–63): 
Here "program i" refers to the "i" th program in an enumeration of all the programs of a fixed Turing-complete model of computation.
Possible values for a total computable function "f" arranged in a 2D array. The orange cells are the diagonal. The values of "f"("i","i") and "g"("i") are shown at the bottom; "U" indicates that the function "g" is undefined for a particular input value.
The proof proceeds by directly establishing that every total computable function with two arguments differs from the required function "h". To this end, given any total computable binary function "f", the following partial function "g" is also computable by some program "e":
The verification that "g" is computable relies on the following constructs (or their equivalents):
The following pseudocode illustrates a straightforward way to compute "g":
Because "g" is partial computable, there must be a program "e" that computes "g", by the assumption that the model of computation is Turing-complete. This program is one of all the programs on which the halting function "h" is defined. The next step of the proof shows that "h"("e","e") will not have the same value as "f"("e","e").
It follows from the definition of "g" that exactly one of the following two cases must hold:
In either case, "f" cannot be the same function as "h". Because "f" was an "arbitrary" total computable function with two arguments, all such functions must differ from "h".
This proof is analogous to Cantor's diagonal argument. One may visualize a two-dimensional array with one column and one row for each natural number, as indicated in the table above. The value of "f"("i","j") is placed at column "i", row "j". Because "f" is assumed to be a total computable function, any element of the array can be calculated using "f". The construction of the function "g" can be visualized using the main diagonal of this array. If the array has a 0 at position ("i","i"), then "g"("i") is 0. Otherwise, "g"("i") is undefined. The contradiction comes from the fact that there is some column "e" of the array corresponding to "g" itself. Now assume "f" was the halting function "h", if "g"("e") is defined ( "g"("e") = 0 in this case ), "g"("e") halts so "f"("e,e") = 1. But "g"("e") = 0 only when "f"("e,e") = 0, contradicting "f"("e,e") = 1. Similarly, if "g"("e") is not defined, then halting function "f"("e,e") = 0, which leads to "g"("e") = 0 under "g"'s construction. This contradicts the assumption that "g"("e") not being defined. In both cases contradiction arises. Therefore any arbitrary function "f" cannot be halting function "h".
Common pitfalls.
The difficulty in the halting problem lies in the requirement that the decision procedure must work for all programs and inputs. A particular program either halts on a given input or does not halt. Consider one algorithm that always answers "halts" and another that always answers "doesn't halt". For any specific program and input, one of these two algorithms answers correctly, even though nobody may know which one.
There are programs (interpreters) that simulate the execution of whatever source code they are given. Such programs can demonstrate that a program does halt if this is the case: the interpreter itself will eventually halt its simulation, which shows that the original program halted. However, an interpreter will not halt if its input program does not halt, so this approach cannot solve the halting problem as stated. It does not successfully answer "doesn't halt" for programs that do not halt.
The halting problem is theoretically decidable for linear bounded automata (LBAs) or deterministic machines with finite memory. A machine with finite memory has a finite number of states, and thus any deterministic program on it must eventually either halt or repeat a previous state:
Minsky warns us, however, that machines such as computers with e.g., a million small parts, each with two states, will have at least 21,000,000 possible states:
Minsky exhorts the reader to be suspicious—although a machine may be finite, and finite automata "have a number of theoretical limitations":
It can also be decided automatically whether a nondeterministic machine with finite memory halts on none of, some of, or all of the possible sequences of nondeterministic decisions, by enumerating states after each possible decision.
Formalization.
In his original proof Turing formalized the concept of "algorithm" by introducing Turing machines. However, the result is in no way specific to them; it applies equally to any other model of computation that is equivalent in its computational power to Turing machines, such as Markov algorithms, Lambda calculus, Post systems, register machines, or tag systems.
What is important is that the formalization allows a straightforward mapping of algorithms to some data type that the algorithm can operate upon. For example, if the formalism lets algorithms define functions over strings (such as Turing machines) then there should be a mapping of these algorithms to strings, and if the formalism lets algorithms define functions over natural numbers (such as computable functions) then there should be a mapping of algorithms to natural numbers. The mapping to strings is usually the most straightforward, but strings over an alphabet with "n" characters can also be mapped to numbers by interpreting them as numbers in an "n"-ary numeral system.
Relationship with Gödel's incompleteness theorems.
The concepts raised by Gödel's incompleteness theorems are very similar to those raised by the halting problem, and the proofs are quite similar. In fact, a weaker form of the First Incompleteness Theorem is an easy consequence of the undecidability of the halting problem. This weaker form differs from the standard statement of the incompleteness theorem by asserting that a complete, consistent and sound axiomatization of all statements about natural numbers is unachievable. The "sound" part is the weakening: it means that we require the axiomatic system in question to prove only "true" statements about natural numbers (it's very important to observe that the statement of the standard form of Gödel's First Incompleteness Theorem is completely unconcerned with the question of truth, and only concerns formal provability).
The weaker form of the theorem can be proven from the undecidability of the halting problem as follows. Assume that we have a consistent and complete axiomatization of all true first-order logic statements about natural numbers. Then we can build an algorithm that enumerates all these statements. This means that there is an algorithm "N"("n") that, given a natural number "n", computes a true first-order logic statement about natural numbers such that, for all the true statements, there is at least one "n" such that "N"("n") yields that statement. Now suppose we want to decide if the algorithm with representation "a" halts on input "i". By using Kleene's T predicate, we can express the statement ""a" halts on input "i"" as a statement "H"("a", "i") in the language of arithmetic. Since the axiomatization is complete it follows that either there is an "n" such that "N"("n") = "H"("a", "i") or there is an "n'" such that "N"("n'") = ¬ "H"("a", "i"). So if we iterate over all "n" until we either find "H"("a", "i") or its negation, we will always halt. This means that this gives us an algorithm to decide the halting problem. Since we know that there cannot be such an algorithm, it follows that the assumption that there is a consistent and complete axiomatization of all true first-order logic statements about natural numbers must be false.
Recognizing partial solutions.
There are many programs that either return a correct answer to the halting problem or do not return an answer at all. If it were possible to decide whether any given program gives only correct answers, one might hope to collect a large number of such programs and run them in parallel and determine whether any programs halt. Curiously, deciding whether a program is a partial halting solver (PHS) is as hard as the halting problem itself.
Suppose it's possible to decide whether any given program is a partial halting solver.
Then there exists a partial halting solver recognizer, PHSR, guaranteed to terminate with an answer.
Construct a program H:
By construction, program H is also guaranteed to terminate with an answer.
If PHSR recognizes the constructed program X as a partial halting solver, that means that P, the only input for which X produces a result, halts.
If PHSR fails to recognize X, then it must be because P does not halt.
Therefore H can decide whether an arbitrary program P halts; it solves the halting problem.
Since this is impossible, then the program PHSR could not have existed as supposed.
Therefore, it's not possible to decide whether any given program is a partial halting solver.
Another example, "HT", of a Turing machine which gives correct answers only for "some" instances of the halting problem can be described by the requirements that, if "HT" is started scanning a field which carries the first of a finite string of "a" consecutive "1"s, followed by one field with symbol "0" (i. e. a blank field), and followed in turn by a finite string of "i" consecutive "1"s, on an otherwise blank tape, then:
While its existence has not been refuted (essentially: because there's no Turing machine which would halt "only" if started on a blank tape), such a Turing machine "HT" would solve the halting problem only "partially" either (because it doesn't necessarily scan the symbol "1" in the final state, if the Turing machine represented by "a" does halt when given the starting state and input represented by "i", as explicit statements of the halting problem for Turing machines may require).
Avoiding the halting problem.
In many practical situations, programmers try to avoid infinite loops -- they want every subroutine to finish (halt).
In particular, in hard real-time computing,
programmers attempt to write subroutines that are not only guaranteed to finish (halt),
but are guaranteed to finish before the given deadline.
Sometimes these programmers use some general-purpose (Turing-complete) programming language,
but attempt to write in a restricted style -- such as MISRA C -- that makes it easy to prove that the resulting subroutines finish before the given deadline.
Other times these programmers apply the rule of least power -- they deliberately use a computer language that is not quite fully Turing-complete, often a language that guarantees that all subroutines are guaranteed to finish, such as Coq.

</doc>
<doc id="21391887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391887" title="Abdellatif Abdelhamid">
Abdellatif Abdelhamid

Abdellatif Abdelhamid () is one of Syria's most prominent film directors. His films have earned numerous awards in the Arab world, beginning with the Damascus International Film Festival, the Carthage Film Festival, and Rabat International Film Festival.
Background.
Abdelhamid worked as an actor, musician and singer in the theaters of his hometown, Latakia, prior to pursuing studies in film directing. Two years after enrolling in Tishreen University to study Arabic literature, he earned a scholarship to study film directing at the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography, where he graduated in 1981.
Work.
He has directed two short documentaries for the National Organization for Cinema in Syria. He worked as an assistant director to Mohamed Malas on "Ahlam al-Madina". He also played the lead role in Usama Muhammad's "Nujoum al- Nahar". Among Syrian filmmakers his work has garnered the widest popular appeal in Syria and the Arab world. He has authored the scripts of all his films. His films have also received critical acclaim worldwide: "Verbal Letters" received the Golden Olive at the Valencia Mediterranean Film Festival in 1992, and "At Our Listeners' Request" received the Special Acknowledgmentment at the Asiatica Film Mediale in Italy in 2003, "for the lyricism with which he was capable of describing the tricks of fortune and the reality of war."
Filmography.
September's Rain

</doc>
<doc id="21391896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391896" title="APOPO">
APOPO

APOPO (an acronym for Anti-Persoonsmijnen Ontmijnende Product Ontwikkeling: "Anti-Personnel Landmines Detection Product Development" in English) is a registered Belgian non-governmental organisation which trains African giant pouched rats to detect landmines and tuberculosis. APOPO's mission is to develop detection rats technology to provide solutions for global problems and inspire positive social change.
History.
Bart Weetjens, the founder of APOPO, loved playing with his pet rats when he was a young boy. Years later, as a student at University of Antwerp, Bart applied the idea of using rodents for mine detection as an outcome of his analysis of the global mine detection problem.
Due to his childhood experience, he knew that rats, with their strong sense of smell and trainability, could provide a cheaper, more efficient, and locally available means to detect landmines. Early research into this technology began in Belgium, with initial financial support from the Belgian Directorate for International Co-operation (DGIS) in 1997 to develop the concept. In 2000, APOPO moved its headquarters to Morogoro, Tanzania, following partnerships with the Sokoine University of Agriculture and the Tanzanian People’s Defence Force. Now housed by the University, APOPO trains the rats – termed HeroRATs because of their life-saving capabilities – in near-to-real conditions.
In 2003, APOPO began operations in Mozambique, with its first Mine Detection Rats achieving official accreditation according to International Mine Action Standards in 2004. Fully integrated mine-clearance operations began in Mozambique in 2006.
In 2003, APOPO won the World Bank Development Marketplace Global Competition, which provided seed funding to commence research into another application of detection rats technology: Tuberculosis (TB) detection. In 2008, APOPO provided proof of principle for the utilization of trained rats in detecting pulmonary tuberculosis in human sputum samples. In 2010, APOPO launched a three-year research plan to closely examine the effectiveness of detection rats in diagnosing tuberculosis, in comparison to other diagnostic technologies, and to focus on future implementation models.
Detecting landmines by scent.
Advantages of African giant pouched rats.
Using African giant pouched rats to detect landmines has several advantages. The rats are indigenous to sub-Saharan Africa, where they are used and, thus, are well-suited to the climate and are resistant to many endemic diseases. They are also widely available and inexpensive to procure. Few resources are needed to raise a rat to adulthood, and African Giant Pouched Rats have a relatively long lifespan of six to eight years. Furthermore, rats do not form a bond with a specific trainer but rather are motivated to work for food. This adaptability allows for the trained rats to be transferred between handlers. 
In the minefields, the rats are too light to detonate a pressure-activated mine by walking over it. Their small size also means that the rats can be easily transported to and from operational sites.
Direct detection.
Mine Detection Rats (MDR), the name given to the African giant pouched rats (genus Cricetomys) used by APOPO, work to detect landmines by using their exceptional sense of smell.
In a minefield, MDRs wear harnesses connected to a rope suspended between two handlers. Rats methodically sweep up and down a demarcated hazardous area and indicate the scent of explosives by scratching at the ground. The insignificant weight of the rats means they do not detonate a landmine; their scratching solely indicates the presence of a mine. Each suspected area is screened by two animals.
The locations that are indicated by the rats are marked off, and then followed up later by a manual demining team, who detect and destroy the mines.
Mozambique.
APOPO is currently the sole operator for the demining of the Gaza Province in Mozambique. This will assist Mozambique in reaching their 2014 APMBC deadline. Operations in Mozambique began in 2003, with the first group of 11 Mine Detection Rats passing official accreditation tests in 2004, and fully integrated mine clearance operations – including manual deminers, Mine Detection Rats, and machinery for ground preparation – in 2006.
Since the start of operations, APOPO’s Mozambique Mine Action team has returned over 6 million square meters of land to the population. Over 2,400 landmines have been found and destroyed.
Thailand.
In 2010, the Thailand Mine Action Center (TMAC) supported APOPO’s proposal to conduct a combined non-technical and technical survey of all mine suspected areas in the provinces of Trat and Chantaburi, along the Thai-Cambodian border.
APOPO is conducting the project in partnership with local Thai NGO Peace Road Organization, with the goal of accurately determining how much of the suspected hazardous areas (SHAs) actually contain landmines.
Detecting tuberculosis by scent.
Tuberculosis is one of the deadliest diseases in the world, responsible for 9.2 million new illnesses and 1.7 million deaths each year, mainly in poor countries. Rat detection technology is aiding DOTS programs to help diagnose vulnerable populations.
APOPO trains Detection Rats to detect "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" in human sputum samples. In APOPO’s laboratory in Tanzania, rats sniff a series of 10 holes in a line cage, under which human sputum samples are placed for evaluation. When a rat detects TB, it indicates by keeping its nose in the sample hole and scratching at the surface of the line cage.
Advantages over microscopy.
Currently, in most of the world, tuberculosis is detected through microscopy, a method that has not changed significantly in the last 100 years. Microscopy is relatively slow: on average, a laboratory technician can process 40 samples per day, while a trained rat can evaluate the same number of samples in less than seven minutes.
APOPO’s Detection Rats provide second-line screening to eight partner DOTS Centers, located in Dar es Salaam and Morogoro, Tanzania. In 2010, this second-line screening increased new TB case detection rates of APOPO’s partner hospitals by 43%.
Plans.
In the future, APOPO hopes Detection Rats will become a key instrument in curbing the spread of Tuberculosis worldwide. Exceptionally fast, accurate, and cost-effective, Detection Rats have an important role to play in screening large and at-risk populations.
Training Detection Rats.
After various stages of training which build on the skills learned in the previous stage, the rat is ready to go to work in either a minefield or into the research lab for tuberculosis or remote scent tracing (RST) detection.
Partners.
APOPO has officially partnered with Sokoine University of Agriculture, The University of Antwerp, The National Tuberculosis and Leprosy Program (NTLP), The National Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD), The Tanzanian Peoples Defense Forces (TPDF), JENEL TVD and the Norwegian Peoples Aid (NPA). APOPO’s funding partners include the Belgian, Flemish and Norwegian Governments, the United Nations Development Programme, the US Department of State’s National Institutes of Health (NIH), the European Union, the Province of Antwerp, and the World Bank. APOPO also gathers support from private donors and public fundraising campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="21391901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391901" title="Beeks Place">
Beeks Place

Beek's Place is a location in North Eastern Orange County California, elevation 2820ft.
Beek's Place is adjacent to ruins near the junction of Black Star Canyon and the Main Divide truck trail. It is approximately 8 miles from the Black Star trail head, or about 6 miles from the Skyline Drive trail head in Corona, California.
Joe Beek.
The ruins are what is left of a building belonging to a Mr. Joseph "Joe" Beek, who served as the Newport Harbor Master for a short time. In 1919, he obtained the franchise for the Balboa Island Ferry which remains in the family to this day. He also served as secretary of the California State Senate, until his death in 1968. Joseph Beek secured the rights from Newport Beach to establish the ferry service in 1919 to Balboa Island. He used a small skiff to transport passengers.
Buildings.
The main cabin was built during the 1930s, and the smaller one shortly thereafter. They each had one room. The smaller one was built for a caretaker. Although the family only used it on weekends, sometimes a caretaker would live there for up to a few months at a time. The family still goes there on occasion, but due to constant vandalism and theft, it became impossible to maintain.
All the coniferous trees were planted by the family. A system of cisterns can be seen around the area for water storage which made it possible to grow the trees. One cistern down from the main cabin was used as a swimming pool.
Mountain biking.
Beeks Place is popular as a destination and stopover within the mountain bike community. Ride Details shown are for "up and down" as most riders do, however it is also the route to Four Corners or the Silverado Motorway. The ride goal of one-hour "gate to gate" from Blackstar Canyon Road is easily accomplished by seasoned mountain bike riders, and a good climbing test of leg strength and endurance.

</doc>
<doc id="21391911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391911" title="Distributed Active Archive Center">
Distributed Active Archive Center

The Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAAC) are part of NASA's Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS). DAACs process, archive, document, and distribute data from NASA's past and current Earth Observing System (EOS) satellites and field measurement programs. Each of the twelve data centers serves one or more specific Earth science disciplines and provides its user community with data products, data information, user services, and tools unique to its particular science.

</doc>
<doc id="21391926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391926" title="Epiphyas ashworthana">
Epiphyas ashworthana

Epiphyas ashworthana is a moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. 
The larvae feed on "Acacia dealbata" and "Acacia baileyana".

</doc>
<doc id="21391931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391931" title="Bremer Woll-Kämmerei">
Bremer Woll-Kämmerei

Bremer Woll-Kämmerei (BWK) is a worldwide operating company for manufacturing wool and trading in wool and similar products. The company is located in Bremen and has branches in Australia, New Zealand and Turkey. For some time it has been the world's largest company in this special section of economy.
History.
The origin Bremer Woll-Kämmerei was founded in 1883 as a joint stock company. Investors were the consuls Albrecht, Weinlich and Delius, the merchants H. Claussen, J. Fritze, J. Hachez and C. Kulenkampff. Ferdinand Ullrich became business director and Paul Zschörner technical director. Zschörner chose an area of 500,000 squaremetres between the River Weser and the Blumenthaler Aue. On 11 September 1884 the production startet with 150 workers. In 1896 already 2000 workers were busy, and the number increased to 3700 until 1930.
A new branch near Istanbul (Turkey) started production in 2003. Since 20 March 2007 the company was no longer listed on the Bremen Stock Exchange, the main shareholder and investor Elders took 100% of the Aktiengesellschaft. So an important part of the history of the Bremen Stock Exchange finished after 119 years.
The shareholders decided to close the production facilities in Bremen during the year 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21391949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391949" title="Annette Kerr">
Annette Kerr

Annette Kerr (born Catherine Annette Kerr Peacock; 2 July 192023 September 2013) was a Scottish actress of film, television and stage.
Life and career.
During her childhood, Kerr moved with her family from her birthplace in Scotland to Watford, Hertfordshire, where he father worked as a physiotherapist. She made her theatrical debut at the Watford Palace Theatre, and later trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama in London.
Frequent reference to Kerr is made in "The Kenneth Williams Diaries" (edited by Russell Davies). Kerr and Williams were close friends, and worked together in several stage productions. following their first meeting in 1949. At one point, Williams proposed to her.
Her television appearances included roles in series such as "UFO" (1970), "2point4 children" (1991-9, as Dora Grimes) and "London's Burning" (1992). Her last credited TV work was "One Foot in the Grave" (1995, as Ruth). This marked her second appearance in the series, following a minor part as "Lady in Teashop" (1992).
She died at the actors' retirement home Denville Hall, where she had been resident, in London on 23 September 2013, aged 93.

</doc>
<doc id="21391954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391954" title="Epyaxa sodaliata">
Epyaxa sodaliata

Epyaxa sodaliata is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to Australia.
The wingspan is about 30 mm.
The larvae feed on "Anagallis arvensis".

</doc>
<doc id="21391976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391976" title="Epyaxa subidaria">
Epyaxa subidaria

The Subidaria Moth ("Epyaxa subidaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is native to Australia, including Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="21391989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21391989" title="Maxwell Ayrton">
Maxwell Ayrton

Ormrod Maxwell Ayrton FRIBA (1874 – 18 February 1960), known as Maxwell Ayrton, was a Scottish architect. He spent most of his adult life working in London and designed houses, public buildings, and bridges.
Career.
Ayrton began his career in 1890 as an articled apprentice to Harry Beswick of Chester, remaining with him until 1897. He then moved to London, where from 1897 to 1899 he was an assistant first to Richard Creed, then to William Alfred Pite, and finally to Edwin Landseer Lutyens. During these years he studied at the South Kensington Schools of the Royal College of Art. He passed the Royal Institute of British Architects qualifying examination and was admitted an Associate on 30 November 1903, having been proposed by Pite, John William Simpson and Lacy William Ridge.
Ayrton was in practice on his own from 1899, and in 1903 was at 14, Belsize Park Gardens, London. One of his early buildings was a house called Hall Ingle, at Heath End, Checkendon (1902), "...by Mr. O. Maxwell Ayrton, for, and decorated by, Arthur Hacker, Esq., ARA". Hacker painted Ayrton's wife and exhibited the portrait at the Royal Academy in 1902.
In 1905, Ayrton joined John William Simpson's practice, and from then on he carried out most of the firm's design work. He became a partner in the firm in 1910 and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1920, having been proposed by his old master Lutyens and by Sir Aston Webb, who at the time was President of the Royal Academy.
Simpson's practice included much work for schools, and Ayrton was the architect of a new chapel for Gresham's School, Holt, constructed in knapped flint and limestone (flushwork), with two angle turrets and an embattled parapet, between 1912 and 1916, which is now a listed building.
Ayrton's most notable public building from his years with Simpson was the old Wembley Stadium, a simple structure in reinforced concrete which they designed together, built between 1921 and 1923 for the British Empire Exhibition at Wembley of 1923 to 1925. It had echoes of the Olympic stadium of 1908 at White City. Simpson received a knighthood for their Exhibition work, while as a result of it Ayrton came into an association with the project's civil engineer, Owen Williams, and this led to their working together on the design of Williams's bridges in Scotland.
In 1928 Ayrton's partnership with Simpson was dissolved. Although by then over seventy, Simpson continued his practice, taking into partnership Frank W. Knight and Henley Cornford, while Ayrton returned to private practice.
Ayrton's National Institute for Medical Research at Mill Hill, London, is an imposing copper-roofed building. Although construction began in 1937, it was delayed by the Second World War, and the opening ceremony in the presence of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth did not take place until 5 May 1950.
Ayrton was still in practice when he died in 1960 at the age of eighty-five. The "Journal" of the Royal Institute of British Architects reported that "Mr R. Courtenay Theobald, following the death of his partner Mr Maxwell Ayrton in February 1960, will practise under his own name from 9 Church Row, Hampstead, London NW3 and 21A Heath Street, NW3."
Family.
His son Tony Ayrton was a painter, who supervised the camouflage schemes used in Operation Bertram, the large-scale deception preceding the battle of El Alamein in October 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21392004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392004" title="Dawlat Ahmadzai">
Dawlat Ahmadzai

Dawlat Ahmadzai (born September 5, 1984) is a right-handed batsman and right arm fast-medium bowler who plays for Afghanistan.
After the Afghan team secured One Day International status by securing a top-six finish at the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier in South Africa (although not qualifying for the 2011 Cricket World Cup itself), on April 19, 2009 he took the first ever wicket for Afghanistan in an ODI when he dismissed Scotland's Gavin Hamilton as the Afghan team won the Qualifier's fifth-place play-off at Willowmoore Park, Benoni.

</doc>
<doc id="21392019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392019" title="Louis Barnett">
Louis Barnett

Sir Louis Edward Barnett (1865–1946) was a professor of surgery and founder of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons.
His work at the Otago Medical School, where he was one of the schools earliest students, and with the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons led to the recognition of hydatid disease (see echinococcus), a potentially fatal parasitic disease.
Working and teaching in Dunedin, Barnett established a national reputation for safe and sound surgery. He was the first surgeon in New Zealand to wear rubber gloves and a gauze mask in the operating theatre.
Barnett retired in 1925 at the age of 60 and moved to Hampden where his home is protected today by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="21392021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392021" title="Alex Wilmot-Sitwell">
Alex Wilmot-Sitwell

Biography.
Alex Wilmot-Sitwell heads Bank of America Merrill Lynch's businesses across Europe and emerging markets excluding Asia. Previously he was appointed co-Chairman & CEO, UBS Investment Bank on 26 April 2009, making him one of the most senior British investment bankers. He was previously Joint Global Head of Investment Banking, and Chairman & CEO, EMEA of UBS Group.
Wilmot-Sitwell was born 16 March 1961 in the UK. He graduated from Bristol University with a degree in Modern History. Prior to joining Warburg Dillon Read he worked at Robert Fleming & Co in South Africa as director of their Corporate Finance department. He joined UBS in 1995 as Head of Corporate Finance in South Africa and moved to London in 1998 as Head of UK Investment Banking. In 2004 Alex was appointed Joint Global Head of European Investment Banking and Joint Global Head of Investment Banking in November 2005.
A big client over the years has been Anglo American, the mining group, and Mr Wilmot-Sitwell played a key role in helping Lloyds TSB to buy HBOS in the controversial deal waved through by Gordon Brown.
His father, Peter Wilmot-Sitwell is a former Chairman of S G Warburg (acquired by UBS AG and integrated into UBS Investment Bank in the 1990s).

</doc>
<doc id="21392038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392038" title="Fuchū-Hommachi Station">
Fuchū-Hommachi Station

Lines.
Fuchū-Hommachi Station forms the western terminus of the orbital Musashino Line from and Tokyo, and is also served by the Nambu Line from to .
Station layout.
The station consists of a central island platform serving two terminating tracks for the Musashino Line, with two side platforms on either side serving the Nambu Line tracks. Through tracks are used by freight trains continuing to and from on the freight-only Musashino South Line.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 11 December 1928. The Musashino Line platforms opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by 16,565 passengers (boarding passengers only). The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21392059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392059" title="Rakshan River">
Rakshan River

The Rakshan River rises at the Nidoki pass, south-west of Shireza, district Washuk, Balochistan, Pakistan. Under the name of Nag, and running south-westward, it unites with the lop stream at a point to west of Nag-e-Kalat. It then flows west-south-west through the centre of the long valley comprising the Panjgur District, Makran, and parallel with the Siahan Range on the north and Zangi Lak hills on the south. In Rakshan it possesses little or no water, in Panjgur, however, it expands into a series of bright clear pools (kor joh) connected with each other by small water channels running over a pebbly bed. The banks are here bordered with numerous date palms and most of the water is used for irrigation. To the west of Kallag, the last village in Panjgur is Dabbag, where there are more pools and much long grass, tamarisk and kahur trees in which wild pigs were to be found in the early 20th century.
Tributaries.
The only considerable tributaries joining the river west of Panjgur are the Mazan Dashtuk from the west, the Askani from the east, and the Gwargo from the south. After traversing Panjgur, the main stream turns northward and joins the Mashkel River from Kuhak on the Iranian side just south of the point where it bursts through the Koh-e-Sabz range by the Tank-e-Grawag or Grawag defile.
The Mashkel River crosses the Siahan Range at Tank-e-Zurrati and runs along the western side of Kharan to the Hamun-i-Mashkel, the total length from the source of the Rakshan being 258 miles.
Physical features.
Through a considerable water course, the banks of the Rakshan are low, shelving and irregular, consisting of hard clay known as kork in the Balochi language. In Panjgur the average depth is about 1/2 miles. It carries high floods, but owing to its breadth they never do much harm. The bed contains a little tamarisk or grass to relieve the monotony of the barren region which it traverses. Though the river is easy to cross, dangerous quicksands exist in some places.
Sixteenth-century dam.
In the times of the Malik rulers in the 16th century the river is said to have been dammed by the large band close to Bonistan village, the western part of Issai, the remains of which are still known as Band-e-Gillar.

</doc>
<doc id="21392072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392072" title="Kita-Fuchū Station">
Kita-Fuchū Station

Lines.
Kita-Fuchū Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and Tokyo.
Station layout.
The station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks. Tracks on the west side of the station lead to the Toshiba Fuchu Plant. The station entrance is on the east side of the tracks, and the station is linked to the Toshiba factory entrance on the west side by an overbridge for Toshiba employees only.
History.
The station opened on 1 September 1956, initially as a station on a branch line from the Chuo Main Line known as the .
Passenger statistics.
The station was used by 13,490 passengers in fiscal 2011 (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area.
Bus services.
Kita-Fuchū Station is served by Keio Bus services, which stop next to the station.

</doc>
<doc id="21392073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392073" title="Čížkovice">
Čížkovice

Čížkovice (German "Tschischkowitz") is a village and municipality ("obec") in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 1,335 (as at 31 December 2007). Apart from the village of Čížkovice itself, the municipality also includes the village of Želechovice.
Čížkovice lies approximately south-west of Litoměřice, south of Ústí nad Labem, and north-west of Prague. It is about 3.5 km southwest of Lovosice.

</doc>
<doc id="21392087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392087" title="Qamaran wa Zaytouna">
Qamaran wa Zaytouna

Qamaran wa Zaytouna () (International title: "Two Moons and an Olive") is a Syrian feature drama film by director Abdellatif Abdelhamid.
Background.
The film takes Abdelhamid's familiar style in his "Layali Ibn Awah" and "Rasael Shafahiyah". In the three films the director goes back to the countryside environment in the sixties of the past century and seeks the help of the coastal dialect.
The film.
The Two Moons and Olive are two boys and a girl (Zaytouna), the film takes place at the beginning of the 1960s. The father who is completely paralyzed after been injured during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and the mother (Norman Asaad) who is suffering from sexual deprivation and loneliness, which make her a cruel woman punishing her son severely because he sucks on his finger and her daughter because she sympathizes with him, by shaving their hair completely.

</doc>
<doc id="21392088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392088" title="Janis Rozentāls">
Janis Rozentāls

Janis Rozentāls (March 18, 1866, Bebri Farmstead, Saldus parish, Courland Governorate – December 26, 1916) was a famous Latvian painter.
Life.
Rozentāls was a son of a blacksmith. He received the basic education at H.Krause's Elementary School in Saldus and Kuldīga District School. At the age of fifteen the boy left for Riga and consistently tried to realize his dream about art, later entering St.Petersburg Academy of Art. During study vacations the developing artist visited his native land to relax from the hectic rhythm of the large city, paint motifs from nature and commissioned portraits. For his diploma work he took as models the young educated Latvians and local farmers.
A little later the artist decided to settle in Saldus as he wanted to live among his people and create art appropriate to its aspirations and feelings. In spring 1899 Rozentāls bought a building plot at the Striķu street and set up a studio, but his intents were not well received in the provincial town and he moved to Riga two years later. Now a memorial museum is arranged in the building designed by the artist.
Fateful turn in life of the painter happened in November, 1902, when Janis Rozentāls got acquainted with Elli Forsell(1871–1943), a Finnish singer, in Riga. On February 20, 1903, they got married. They found home in a flat- studio, in Alberta street, in Riga. they had three children – Laila, Irja and Miķelis.
World War I interrupted the family's life in Riga and in 1915 they relocated to Finland. He died suddenly on December 26, 1916 and was buried in Helsinki, though later was reburied in his homeland.
Today, the Janis Rozentāls Art Highschool in Riga is named after him, and has had his name since 1946.
Creative work.
The scope of Rozentāls' activities was very wide, but painting was of paramount importance. He revealed the beauty of nature, demonstrated the integrity of man and nature. In Rozentāls' works the linear coexisted with the picturesque, flatness – with a soft transition of tones, small touches of paint – with wast surfaces of color. The main trait of his compositions was asymmetry, the wavelike rhythm of Art Nouveau.
Rozentāls painted many portraits. The creative potential of the artist revealed itself in the portraits of persons spiritually close to him. Rozentāls made several portraits of the patron of writers and artists A.Dombrovskis, writer Rūdolfs Blaumanis, artist's wife Elli Forsell.
Janis Rozentāls interested in the biological nature of man – the world of passions, the love theme, was typical of his time. He used the popular Biblical plots "Temptation", "Eve with the Apple", motives from the mythology and observations of the reality of his time. At least a part of the fantastic images possessed both, contemporary and local, and individual symbolic meaning.
Artist turned to landscape painting as well, and created a lyrical image of the motherland in the Latvian art. His favorite season was spring, the rebirth of Nature.
J.Rozentāls made several altar-pieces to order in the churches of Latvia. In his altar-pieces Rozentāls omitted the dynamics, expressiveness, texture and finished composition. He took into consideration the understanding of art of the simple people and adapted himself to it, yet at the same time he tried not to lose the artistic quality.
The artist tried his skills in monumental painting. In the summer of 1910 he worked at the decorative frieze on the facade of the newly erected building of the Riga Latvian Society. He painted seven symbolic compositions characterizing the main activities of the society.
Painting occupied a central place in the creative activity of Janis Rozentāls, yet his performance in graphic art was significant, too. The scope of his activity was very wide – the design of books and magazines, applied graphic art, posters and drawings.
The characterization of Janis Rozenāls' personality would not be exhaustive without a review of his social activity. During his study years he took part in the life of the Academy of St. Petersburg. Later he devoted much effort to the consolidation of Latvian artists, who were neglected in their native land. He was a member of jury of almost all the biggest Latvian art exhibitions. Rozentāls took part in the organization of the exhibitions of Latvian art outside Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="21392093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392093" title="John Man">
John Man

John Man (1512–1569) was an English churchman, college head, and diplomat.
Life.
He was born at Lacock or Winterbourne Stoke, in Wiltshire. He was educated at Winchester College from 1523, and New College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in 1533, and M.A. in 1537, and became a Fellow. Under suspicion of heresy, he was expelled; but became the principal of White Hall, Oxford in 1547.
In 1562 he was appointed Warden of Merton College, Oxford, by the influence of Archbishop Matthew Parker. He became Dean of Gloucester in 1566. In 1567 he was sent by Elizabeth I as her ambassador to Madrid; the mission was unsuccessful and he was recalled in 1568.
Dr. John Man was a Protestant cleric, who called the pope in public a canting little monk.
Some sources maintain he was expelled by Philip II. 
Works.
He published "Common places of Christian Religion" (1563), based on Wolfgang Musculus.

</doc>
<doc id="21392102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392102" title="Shin-Kodaira Station">
Shin-Kodaira Station

Lines.
Shin-Kodaira Station is served by the Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks, and is located in a cutting between the 4,381 m long Higashimurayama Tunnel to the north and the 2,562 m long Kodaira Tunnel to the south.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 11,073 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21392117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392117" title="Shin-Akitsu Station">
Shin-Akitsu Station

Lines.
Shin-Akitsu Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line. It is located 400 m (a 4-minute walk) from Akitsu Station on the Seibu Ikebukuro Line, which provides a more direct service to central Tokyo.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks, with a central bidirectional through track used by freight trains.
The JR East Hachiōji Area training facility is located north of the track to the west of the station. A connection from the Musashino Line to the Seibu Ikebukuro Line also runs from west of the station.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 36,616 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="21392118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392118" title="Vernon Keogh">
Vernon Keogh

Pilot Officer Vernon Charles "Shorty" Keogh (c. 1912 – 15 February 1941) was an American pilot who flew with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain in World War II. He was one of 11 American pilots who flew with RAF Fighter Command between 10 July and 31 October 1940, thereby qualifying for the Battle of Britain clasp to the 1939–45 campaign star.
Biography.
Born in Brooklyn, New York around 1912, the son Charles and Constance Theresa Keough. He had earned a civil pilot's licence in America and was also a professional parachute jumper with over 500 jumps, performing at air shows across America.
Second World War.
He joined the French Air Force towards the end of the Battle of France, but as France fell he came to England with his friends and fellow Americans Andrew Mamedoff and Eugene Tobin and joined the Royal Air Force in 1940.
Keogh was the smallest pilot in the whole of the Royal Air Force, hence the nickname, and was just 4'10" (approx 1.47m) tall. He had to use two cushions in his Spitfire to see out of the cockpit. On 8 August 1940 Keogh was posted to No. 609 Squadron RAF at Middle Wallop airfield. He flew many missions during the height of the Battle of Britain in August and September. He was credited with one shared 'kill': Dornier Do 17 bomber shot down on 15 September with Pilot Officer Mike Appleby and Flight lieutenant John Dundas.
He was posted to RAF Kirton in Lindsey in Lincolnshire on 18 September 1940 and was a founder member of No. 71 'Eagle' Squadron along with Art Donahue, Andrew Mamedoff and Eugene Tobin.
Death.
On 15 February 1941, Keogh was on a convoy-protection mission off Flamborough Head, He may have been a victim of disorientation in cloud or oxygen failure. He was 29 years old. His body was not recovered, but he is remembered on the Air Forces Memorial at Runnymede.

</doc>
<doc id="21392129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392129" title="NEAT1">
NEAT1

Nuclear Enriched Abundant Transcript 1 (NEAT1) is a ~3.2 kb novel nuclear long non-coding RNA (RIKEN cDNA 2310043N10Rik). It is also known as Virus Inducible NonCoding RNA (VINC) or MEN epsilon RNA. It is transcribed from the multiple endocrine neoplasia locus.
Expression of NEAT1 is induced in mouse brains during infection by Japanese encephalitis virus and rabies virus. NEAT1 is constitutively expressed in a number of non-neuronal tissues and cell lines.
NEAT1 localizes to specific nuclear structures called paraspeckles. NEAT1 RNA interacts with a paraspeckle protein known as P54nrb or NONO and it is essential for paraspeckle formation. Some studies demonstrate that NEAT1 RNA is essential for the formation and maintenance of paraspeckles. Thus, this novel noncoding RNA appears to have an important structural role in the nuclear paraspeckles.

</doc>
<doc id="21392134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392134" title="Singapore Tonight">
Singapore Tonight

Singapore Tonight is a long-running flagship daily local news programme on Channel NewsAsia which runs daily from 22:00 until 23:00 SST/HKT (21:00 until 22:00 WIB/BKK), providing a round-up of all the day's events around Singapore and coverage of breaking news. The highly rated programme is currently presented by Steven Chia and Dawn Tan.
Up until early July 2008, the show was aired live only in Singapore with a replay available internationally at 00:00 until 00:30 SST/HKT (01:00 until 01:30 WIB/BKK). In addition, a few segments of the show are available on the international edition of "Asian Home News" at 22:30 until 23:00 SST/HKT (22:30 until 00:00 WIB/BKK) and 10:30 until 11:00 SST/HKT (11:30 until 12:00 WIB/BKK).
From 31 March 2014, the programme was expanded to 1 hour to incorporate the Singapore Business segment (previously aired as Business Singapore / Singapore Business Tonight at 22:30 (GMT+8) ) and features two main anchors.
This is only one of two main English national newscasts available in Singapore; the other being "News 5 Tonight".
Main Presenters.
Steven Chia, Dawn Tan (Weekdays)

</doc>
<doc id="21392141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392141" title="Higashi-Tokorozawa Station">
Higashi-Tokorozawa Station

Lines.
Higashi-Tokorozawa Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and .
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. The two centre tracks are bidirectional. To the east of the station lies Higashi-Tokorozawa Depot, which has 20 storage tracks.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket counter.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 14,548 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21392143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392143" title="Jesús Oliván">
Jesús Oliván

Jesús Oliván Mallén (born 5 July 1968) is a retired Spanish long jumper.
He was born in Aranjuez. He finished eighth at the 1986 European Indoor Championships and fifteenth at the 1992 European Indoor Championships He also competed at the 1991 World Indoor Championships, the 1991 World Championships, the 1992 Olympic Games and the 1996 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
He became Spanish long jump champion in 1991, 1995 and 1996, rivalling with Antonio Corgos and Ángel Hernández. He also became indoor champion in 1991, 1994 and 1996. His personal best jump was 8.12 metres, achieved in August 1991 in Vigo.
Oliván stands tall, and during his active career he weighed .

</doc>
<doc id="21392162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392162" title="Niiza Station">
Niiza Station

Lines.
Niiza Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and .
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. There is also a centre through-track for west-bound freight services accessing Niiza Freight Terminal to the west of the station.
The "Astro Boy" theme tune is used as the departure melody.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="21392176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392176" title="Claudio Edinger">
Claudio Edinger

Biography.
Edinger studied economics at Mackenzie University in São Paulo, Brazil. At the same time, in the beginning of the Seventies, he began taking photographs. In 1975 he had his first individual exhibition, at the São Paulo Museum of Art, with photographs of the Martinelli Building, a vertical slum in downtown São Paulo. The following year he moved to New York City and lived there until 1996. 
Throughout the 20 years he spent in the United States, Edinger developed personal photographic essays. He also worked as a freelance photographer for Brazilian and North American newspapers and magazines such as "Veja", "Time", "Newsweek", "Life", "Rolling Stone", "Vanity Fair", "The New York Times Magazine", among many others. In 1977 he studied with Philippe Halsman (1906–1979), the great master portraitist.
In 1978 after two years photographing the Hassidic Jews in Brooklyn, Edinger had an individual exhibit "Hassidic Jews” at the International Center of Photography in New York. From 1979 to 1994 Edinger taught classes at Parson's/New School for Social Research and at the International Center of Photography (1992–1994). 
During the time Claudio lived in New York City, he published three books: Chelsea Hotel –1983, Venice Beach –1985 both by Abbeville Press, (both received the Leica Medal of Excellence), and "The Making of Ironweed", published by Viking Penguin, about the film directed by Hector Babenco, written by William Kennedy, with Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson. In 1986 Claudio started photographing for a book about India.
In 1989 and 1990 Claudio photographed the Juqueri Psychiatric Hospital, in São Paulo, where he lived for two weeks. "Madness" was published by DBA, DAP and by Dewi Lewis Publishing in 1997. Edinger received the Ernst Haas Award in 1990 for this work. 
From 1991 to 1996, Claudio photographed carnaval in Brazil's five different regions: Rio de Janeiro, Salvador, Recife/Olinda, São Paulo, and Paraty. When he returned to Brazil in 1996, Edinger published "Carnaval", by DBA, DAP and Dewi Lewis (England). In 1999 Carnaval won the Higashikawa Prize in Japan.
Between 1994 and 1996, Claudio photographed the old part of Havana, Cuba. "Old Havana" was published in 1997 by Dewi Lewis, Edition Stemmle, DBA and DAP. That same year the book was named by American Photo as one of the best books of the year. 
In 1999, the book "Vitória, city of the islands", about the capital of the Espirito Santo State in Brazil, was published by Abooks. In 2000 Edinger published "Cityscapes", with photographs of New York. In 2001, "Portraits", a collection of photos done for his books and for magazines. Both books were published by DBA.
In 2006 the book "Flesh and Spirit", an anthology of 30 years of his work, was published by Umbrage and DBA.
Claudio began working with a large format, 4x5 camera, in 2000, to photograph the city where he was born, Rio de Janeiro. "Rio" was published in 2003 by DBA. It was named one of the best books of the year by Photo District News.
His most recent book: "São Paulo: minha estranha cidade linda" also done with a large format camera, came out in March 2009, published by DBA and has received the Porto Seguro Award in Brazil. 
Photographic career.
Claudio Edinger was born in Rio de Janeiro in May 1952 and before his second birthday his family moved to São Paulo. He has said that in his mind he has often thought his soul was in São Paulo and his heart in Rio. This love of both places, he believes, shows in his photographs of both cities.
Edinger may well be the contemporary master of the photographic series. Taking his cue from Tolstoy's phrase, "without knowing who I am, life is impossible", Edinger, from the beginning of his career, has used his camera as a research tool trying to explore his chosen subject matter in great detail, often to its depths. It is research that is often highly charged emotionally both to Edinger and to the viewer of his photographs. 
Edinger's first series of photographs began in 1975 when he chose to explore the Martinelli Building in São Paulo, his home city. At one time the Martinelli was the tallest and most exclusive apartment building in São Paulo. When Edinger began his (photographic) essay on the Building, it had been reduced to a vertical slum.
One can say that by exploring a subject in depth, Edinger had set the template of his aesthetic that the camera can be used to explore in depth which has resulted in over thirteen books dealing with specific subjects.
In order to widen his knowledge of the world and to try to examine his own roots, Edinger left Brazil for New York, which was then the heart and center of the photographic world. Edinger chose to live among and photograph the Hassidic Jews of Brooklyn. In a series of startling black and white photographs taken over two years, Edinger was able to capture a broad portrait of the traditions and joys of the Hassidic community. After being introduced to Cornell Capa by Philippe Halsman in 1978, he was invited to exhibit his depiction of Brooklyn's Hassidic life at the International Center of Photography. 
After Edinger's stay in Brooklyn, he moved to the historic Chelsea Hotel, a Bohemian, for want of a better word, oasis where many notable people in the arts and eccentrics chose to live either in transit or permanently. Among the many residents, at one time or another, were many painters who had studios there as well as musicians such as Bob Dylan, Virgil Thompson, Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin who spent time there. Edinger photographed in telling, but sympathetic portraits many of the famous, as well as the eccentric personalities who were never to become famous who inhabited the world of the Chelsea Hotel in the late 1970s. The series of portraits resulted in Edinger's first large scale book, "Chelsea Hotel" published by Abbeville Press in 1983. The book, his first solely of portraits, was a landmark achievement in exploring diverse group of eccentric people often having only one thing in common, their residence at the Chelsea Hotel. The book is a classic photographic record of the late 70's, early 80s.
From the Chelsea, in 1984, Edinger moved to Venice Beach, California. During the late 1960s and '70s, Venice Beach was a center of the counter-culture and a fertile field for Edinger's camera, photographing the many odd and the bizarre people who had come there to be near the sea and enjoy the beach culture. In a sense this was an extension of Edinger's work at the Chelsea Hotel, but here the people had not only pretensions to the arts, but were also concerned with their bodies and the beach. The series of photographs Edinger took at this time allowed the photographer to put his subjects in a wider landscape than the narrow confines of the Chelsea Hotel. In a sense the book, "Venice Beach", that resulted from this period is pivotal in Edinger's development as it prepared him for his next adventure when he went to India in 1986.
Edinger's transition to India became a period of great creative and spiritual experiment and growth. He began to use color in his photographs and the holy city of Varanasi played a vital role in awakening his dormant recognition of his own need for a deeper spirituality that had begun in Brooklyn. Using a newly acquired Hasselblad camera, he was able to photograph in medium format the excitement and whirl of people and places of India that in many ways captures the essence of India as both an accepted insider and a foreigner discovering the essence of the country's spiritual nature. This has resulted in the ongoing project of a series of photographs of Northern India.
Upon his return to Brazil Edinger had to cope with the reality of trying to understand the consequences of Alzheimer's disease on a most personal nature. His beloved grandmother had been affected by the disease and he was moved to bring attention to the treatment of madness and dementia in Brazil and possibly in other places in the world where the mentally ill are often warehoused in asylums and become even more truly mad, This led to his series of photographs inside the Juqueri, Latin America's largest insane asylum. In order to seek out and understand the depth of what occurs there Edinger moved inside the asylum to live among the people housed there. The result of his search was the receipt of the Ernst Haas Award from the Maine Photographic Workshop. When he showed these harrowing photographs to Cornell Capa, he was met with the question, "Who would want to see this?" After seven years of showing the work around to various publishers it was finally accepted and published by DBA (Brazil) and Dewi Lewis (UK) and it is now a seminal work of photography depicting the mentally ill. 
While seeking publication of "Madness", Edinger began a project that was to occupy him for the next five years: the photographing of Brazil's Carnaval, the institutionalized madness of Brazil. From 1991 to 1995 he photographed five different regions of Brazil - Rio, Salvador, Recife/Olinda, São Paulo and Paraty during Carnaval. The book was published in 1996. This project established Edinger as a truly Brazilian photographer, now with an established international reputation, back on to his native soil after twenty years abroad in New York.
Other books followed. "Old Havana", a portrait in color of the decay of a once exquisite colonial architecture kept barely alive by its vibrant inhabitants. This book was published simultaneously in English, Portuguese and German.
In 2000 Edinger's "Cityscapes" was published by DBA (Brazil). It is an autobiographical work of reflection and discovery about his time in New York as a photographer living in a foreign city. Using an outsider's view to see and experience one of the most photographed cities in the world Edinger was able to photograph the city in a fresh way.
This prepared him for his return to Brazil to confront through his photography, in the year 2000, the city of Rio where he was born. There, through his camera, this time using a large format Sinar 4 x 5 and black and white film, the ambiguity of spaces in large cities that he first found in New York is realized. What emerges is a very personal series of photos that excite the viewer as well as the photographer showing the connection to his subject matter in the most intimate and poetic way. Working with selective focus and a large format camera Edinger's work has evolved into a somewhat surreal study that one art critic has called the invention of neo-espressionism in photography. It is one of the most personal statements by a photographer now practicing his art.
The books that have subsequently come from his use of the large format camera and his experimental use of color, notably his most recent exploration of São Paulo have been a giant step in Edinger's work resulting in a widening acceptance of Edinger's photographs in exhibitions at art galleries, museums and private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="21392183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392183" title="Kita-Asaka Station">
Kita-Asaka Station

Lines.
Kita-Asaka Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and . It is located adjacent to Asakadai Station on the Tobu Tojo Line to in Tokyo.
Station layout.
The station consists of an elevated island platform serving two tracks. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
Facilities and accessibility.
The station has wheelchair-accessible toilet facilities, and both escalator and lift access from the ground level entrance to the elevated platform.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
In April 2014, work started to extend the platform by approximately to the east (toward Nishi-Urawa) to allow the train stopping positions to be offset by two car lengths on either side and alleviate crowding on the platform during busy periods. Costing approximately 200 million yen, work is scheduled to be completed around December 2014.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2013, the station was used by 67,382 passengers (boarding passengers only), making it the third busiest station on the Musashino Line after and . The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.
Bus services.
Buses from in front of the station are operated by Tobu Bus, Kokusai Kogyo (KKJ), as well as "Wakuwaku" community bus services operated by the city of Asaka.

</doc>
<doc id="21392186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392186" title="10 Years Younger">
10 Years Younger

10 Years Younger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21392203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392203" title="Nishi-Urawa Station">
Nishi-Urawa Station

Lines.
Nishi-Urawa Station is served by the Musashino Line from to and .
Station layout.
The station consists of an elevated island platform serving two tracks (2 and 3). Additional tracks (1 and 4) outside the platforms tracks are used by freight trains and "Musashino" services to and from the Tōhoku Main Line.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 13,250 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21392211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392211" title="El Sira Communal Reserve">
El Sira Communal Reserve

The El Sira Communal Reserve () is a protected area in Peru created on 22 June 2001 and located in three regions: the Huánuco Region (Puerto Inca Province), the Pasco Region (Oxapampa Province) and the Ucayali Region (Atalaya Province and Coronel Portillo Province).

</doc>
<doc id="21392219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392219" title="Higashi-Urawa Station">
Higashi-Urawa Station

Lines.
Higashi-Urawa Station is served by the Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks, with a third, central track for use by freight services.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 26,469 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="21392235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392235" title="Asadullah Khan">
Asadullah Khan

Asadullah Khan is a former Afghan cricketer. Khan is a right-handed batsman who bowls right arm medium pace. He has previously represented the Afghanistan national cricket team.
Playing career.
His debut for the national team came in 2003 when Afghanistan played Chitral District in the 2003/04 Inter-District Senior Tournament. He later represented Afghanistan in the 2004 ACC Trophy, where he represented Afghanistan in 6 matches, the last of which came against Nepal.
Three years passed before Khan represented Afghanistan again. In 2007, he represented the team in 2007/08 Inter-District Senior Tournament, playing 3 matches against Lower Dir District, Charsadda District and Swat District. The following year he was a member of Afghanistan's 2009 ICC World Cricket League Division Three squad. During that tournament he played a single match for Afghanistan against Papua New Guinea in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Post-playing career.
Khan no longer represents the senior team, but is a senior youth coach for the Afghan Youth Cricket Association. He is the current coach of the newly formed Tajikistan national cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="21392239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392239" title="Sale Sharks">
Sale Sharks

Sale Sharks are an English professional rugby union club who play in the Aviva Premiership.
The club is an offshoot of amateur club Sale FC, still based at Heywood Road in Sale while the Sharks share the newly renamed AJ Bell Stadium with Salford Red Devils rugby league club.
Through their junior team the Jets, the club has developed players including Steve Hanley, Mark Cueto, Dean Schofield, Chris Jones, Andy Titterrell and Charlie Hodgson as well as Jason Robinson when he changed codes after leaving Wigan Rugby League Club.
History.
The club was founded in 1861 and is one of the oldest clubs in English rugby. Throughout their history they have been one of the leading rugby union clubs in the North of England. Sale moved into Heywood Road in 1905 and would remain there until 2003.
Sale were unbeaten in 26 matches, winning 24 and drawing two in 1911.
Although Pat Davies is counted as Sale's first international, having been picked to play for England in 1927, it was G.A.M. Isherwood who was Sale's first representative in an international Test match, when he played in all three tests of the 1910 British tour to South Africa at scrum-half. The club has consistently provided international players and, during the 1930s, had one of its most dominant periods, fielding players of the calibre of Hal Sever (England), Claude Davey and Wilf Wooller (Wales) and Ken Fyfe (Scotland). It came as little surprise when they took out the 1936 Middlesex Sevens.
Sale ruled the roost in county cup rugby for 15 straight seasons as they went unbeaten from 1972 to 1987 in every one of those cup fixtures. During this period, Sale competed for the chance to be English club champions. In their first year, one after the inaugural competition kicked off in 1971, they made the semi-finals only to lose to eventual winners Coventry 35–6.
During the nineties, despite thrilling displays under Paul Turner, and his successor John Mitchell, both club and ground struggled to keep a grip on the demanding commercial and financial realities of running a professional rugby club.
Sale took 20,000 fans to Twickenham for the 1997 Pilkington Cup Final but Leicester won a mistake-ridden match 9–3. This interest quickly faded and the anticipated increased crowds never materialised and relegation from the Premier Division loomed until rugby union-playing local businessman Brian Kennedy came to the rescue late in the 1999–2000 season. Since then, the club has been on a sound financial footing.
Off the field, Peter Deakin was recruited from Warrington Wolves rugby league as chief executive to employ the skills he had used with the Bradford Bulls and Saracens and he made an immediate impact in raising the club's profile until hit by the serious illness which claimed his life in February 2003.
Success was not immediate; Sale Sharks finished eleventh and tenth in the 12-strong Premiership table in the first two years of the new Millennium. It took the coaching partnership of two former Sale players, Jim Mallinder and Steve Diamond, to produce a team that were 2002 runners-up and qualified for the Heineken Cup.
Player signings matched the elevated profile of the club. Scotland skipper Bryan Redpath was joined by Stuart Pinkerton, Barry Stewart, Graeme Bond, Jason White and Andrew Sheridan. The club then turned to the wealth of talent, hitherto largely untapped, in Rugby League. Apollo Perelini, known as "The Terminator" for his uncomprimising style, joined Sale Sharks the day after helping St Helens to victory in the Super League Grand Final at Old Trafford and the media had a field day when Jason Robinson, possibly the most exciting wing in the world in either code, moved to Sale from Wigan Warriors.
In 2002 the team also went on to capture the Parker Pen Shield at Oxford's Kassam Stadium, defeating Pontypridd 25–22.
The latter Mallinder days saw the club at Twickenham again in 2004, losing narrowly to the Falcons in the Powergen Cup Final. In the summer of 2004 Jim Mallinder left Sale to take up a position in the RFU's National Academy. Following Mallinder's departure Sale appointed former French international Philippe Saint-André who had recently been turned down for the vacant position as coach of Wales. However with a new influx of players including French internationals Sébastien Bruno and Sébastien Chabal helped Saint-André and Sale win the 2005 European Challenge Cup again at Oxford, this time 27 – 3 against Pau, for the second time in three years.
2005–2006 season Premiership Champions.
New additions to the squad for the 2005–2006 season included French prop Lionel Faure, Samoan back Elvis Seveali'i and Welsh number eight Nathan Bonner-Evans. Building on their European Challenge Cup success, Sale won 16 games out of 22 to finish two games clear at the top of the table. In the semi-final, they won 22 – 12. They won the 2006 Guinness Premiership title with a 45 – 20 win against Leicester Tigers.
2006–2007 season.
After the success of the 2005/06 season many at the club had hoped for a repeat and with a strong squad boosted by several quality players including England Saxons centre Chris Bell, Former Wales prop Ben Evans and Argentina flanker Juan Martín Fernández Lobbe it seemed likely. However over the autumn months an injury crisis began with the loss of Scotland capain Jason White to a knee injury whilst playing against Romania. More bad news followed with England fly half Charlie Hodgson and England prop Andrew Sheridan falling to knee and ankle injuries respectively. More and more injuries were picked up over the following months until Sale were left with only 17 of a 38-man squad fit to play in their final Heineken Cup match against Ospreys. (Source: Sale sharks website)
2007–2008 season.
In 2007-8, it was World Cup year so the club was without some of out big names e.g. Jason White, Andrew Sheridan, Sébastien Chabal etc. They still had Charlie Hodgson who wasn't picked for England . Sale appointed James Jennings as the new chief executive and Dean Schofield as the new captain. Sale had signed some good players including Rory Lamont, Brent Cockbain, Rudi Keil, Julien Laharrague and Scott Lawson but the biggest signing had to be Luke McAlister from the Blues in New Zealand. Signing him was said to be one of the biggest signings Sale had ever made. The season was up and down in parts though. The up parts were; seeing Ben Foden progress at full back to become a superb player, beating Leicester Tigers home and away was a first plus seeing Richard Wigglesworth play for England for the first time was a plus. The academy players also became an integral part to the squad (Neil Briggs, Sean Cox, Will Cliff). However, the low points were not qualifying for the semi finals in the Premiership or win a trophy as they were targets at the beginning of the season. Overall it was a mixed season. (Source: Sale sharks website)
At the end of the season, several players left the club: Ben Foden, Chris Mayor and Ignacio Fernández Lobbe all signed for Northampton Saints, where they were joined by Christian Day. Sililo Martens joined Llanelli Scarlets while Magnus Lund, Julien Laharrague and Ben Evans joined teams in France.
2008–2009 season.
During the closed season the retirement through injury of Steve Hanley was announced. On 19 August 2008, Juan Martín Fernández Lobbe was announced as the captain for the new season, replacing Jason White who was still recovering from a serious knee injury last season. Sébastien Chabal and Dean Schofield were announced as vice-captains.
A new Premiership record of 4 games without leaking a try was set at the start of the season, these games were Newcastle (A), Saracens (H), Bristol (A) and Gloucester (H).
In December 2008 the club's board announced that Philippe Saint-André would step down from his position as Director of Rugby at the end of the season. Head coach Kingsley Jones was promoted to Director of Rugby, assuming overall responsibility for all rugby operations. Former Sale winger Jason Robinson replaced Jones as Head Coach from the start of the 2009/2010 season.
Sale was knocked out of the European Cup in the group stages. Despite earning a bonus-point win over Clermont in France in the first round, a defeat at home to Munster, a defeat to Montauban and Munster beating The Sharks in Ireland led to a disappointing exit.
Charlie Hodgson was voted the player of the year at the club's end-of-season awards on Thursday 30 April 2009.
2009–2010 season.
Along with the departure of Saint-André, a number of key players announced that their time at Sale was up. Captain Juan Martín Fernández Lobbe, Lionel Faure, Jason White, Sébastien Bruno, Rory Lamont, Luke McAlister and cult figure Sébastien Chabal all bade farewell to the club at the end of the season. It was announced in February 2009 that the new coaching team for the 2009/10 season will be led by the new Director of Rugby Kingsley Jones, the new Head Coach Jason Robinson assisted by Phil Keith-Roach (forwards coach) and Byron Hayward (Kicking Coach). Dean Schofield retained the captaincy.
It was announced on 18 March 2009 that Sale Sharks had signed Ben Cohen. The former England Winger signed from French outfit Brive.
In February 2010, the club announced that it had signed former Welsh international Dafydd James until the end of the season to provide cover for injured players in the back division.
Sale had a disappointing season, finishing 11th in the Premiership and only securing safety from relegation on the penultimate weekend of the season.
Sale's Heineken Cup campaign also ended in disappointment, although they did challenge the group favourites Toulouse and the Cardiff Blues. The highlights of the campaign were a stunning 27–26, win at home to Cardiff and wins home and away against Harlequins.
Towards the end of the season, there were changes made in the coaching staff. Keith-Roach stepped down from his duties after deciding he could not commit to a full-time role. Robinson, who originally had no intentions to coach but responded to the club's request for help, left the club to pursue other interests. Former All Black forward Mike Brewer replaced Robinson as head coach, while Kingsley Jones remained as Director of Rugby, with the added responsibilities of long-term squad planning and running the academy.
2010–2011 season.
In December 2010, after only eight months in the role, Brewer was sacked as head coach. Academy coach Pete Anglesea took over as first team coach on a temporary basis until the end of the season, leading Sale to a 10th placed finish.
2011–2012 season.
In the 2011–2012 pre-season, former player Steve Diamond was announced as chairman. Immediately, an overhaul of the playing and coaching staff began, dubbed "Diamond's Revolution", including buying international players such as Andy Powell and Tony Buckley. With these new players and a fresh coaching lineup including former London Wasps coach Tony Hanks, Sale started the season well, with early victories over London Irish and Northampton, but form faltered towards the latter half of the campaign, and Tony Hanks was fired as head coach after a defeat to Saracens.
Tragedy struck in January 2012 when it was discovered that 24-year-old former winger and England Under 19s and Under 20s representative Selorm Kuadey had apparently committed suicide. He had played with Sale for five seasons before retiring in 2010 due to injury.
In April 2012, Sale announced that they would be moving stadium from Edgeley Park, their home since 2003, to the newly constructed Salford City Stadium (now re-named AJ Bell Stadium), to share with the Salford City Reds. At the close of the season, Sale beat Gloucester and Bath to sixth place in the Premiership, meaning that they qualified for Heineken Cup rugby in the 2012/2013 season. More signings were announced, most prominently the return of popular prop Eifion Lewis-Roberts, the signing of Scottish international Richie Gray and a return to English rugby for Danny Cipriani.
2012-2013 season.
A disappointing season for Sale at their new stadium, with them spending most of the season in the relegation place. But later performances led to them finishing 10th overall. They played well in the Premiership 7's beating Leicester Tigers, and Northampton Saints leading to them qualifying for the final grouping. When they played in the final grouping, losses to Saracens and Gloucester saw them knocked out, with no chance of silverware. There was one Momentous moment as Mark Cueto over took former Sale team-mate Steve Hanley, as top try scorer in the premiership, Steve's record stood at 75 tries, and Mark scored his 76th try, against Exeter Chiefs
Their first win of the season was against Cardiff Blues in the Heineken Cup, which was their only win in that years Heineken Cup, where they finished bottom of their pool. But also in that years Heineken Cup, they also lost to Toulon 62-0 with a nine try demolition of the Manchester team.
The only real success of their season was their performance in the LV Cup where wins against Saracens, Scarlets and London Wasps lead to Sale qualifying for the knock-out stages, where they again beat Saracens in the semi final, to face Harlequins in the final. Sale failed to beat Harlequins but came close, with a try from Johnny Leota and three penalties from Danny Cipriani taking the Sale score to 14, but in-form Harlequins scoring 31 points.
2013-2014 season.
This season showed a huge improvement from the season before. Sale finished the season in 6th place, missing out on a place on the play-off competition, but managed to secure qualification to the inaugural European Rugby Champions Cup. They also managed to reach the quarter finals of the European Challenge Cup, where they lost to Northampton Saints.
Sales successes in the season prompted Stuart Lancaster to call up 6 Sale players in to the squad to play in the summer tour.
Current squad.
"2014-15"
Sponsorship.
Sale Sharks signed a three-year deal with Manchester business UKFast, the value of the deal being in excess of £2 million. UKFast started sponsoring the club in 1999, at the same time they changed their name from Sale to Sale Sharks. Lawrence Jones, a keen supporter of Sale and managing director of UKFast, announced a sponsorship deal in March 2009 which ended previous sponsor McAfee's four-year association with the club.
In April 2011, Jones decided to end UKFast's deal with Sale, explaining that the decision was taken partly for business reasons, but also due to changes at the club – including Charlie Hodgson's departure at the end of the 2010–11 season.
In July 2011, the club announced that credit card lender MBNA would become the club's Principal Partner for the next three seasons, and that the partnership would see the MBNA logo on the front of all three of Sales Sharks' home, away and European shirts.
Official partner sponsors as of October 2012 include: 

</doc>
<doc id="21392241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392241" title="Ram Diwali">
Ram Diwali

Ram Diwali () is an area located in the city of Faisalabad. Ram Diwali comprises four villages which are known as Chak No. 1 JB, Chak No. 2 JB, Chak No. 3 JB, & Chak No 4 JB. It is situated on the Sargodha road and lies to the north of Faisalabad, 5 kilometers away from the M3 Motorway. The region is mainly inhabited by the Randhawa tribe of the Jatts. It is located at 31°33'35N 73°2'56E with an altitude of 177 metres (583 feet).
Arfa Karim was a prominent citizen from Chak 4JB of Ram Dewali.

</doc>
<doc id="21392251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392251" title="Zipingpu Dam">
Zipingpu Dam

Zipingpu Dam (紫坪铺水利枢纽) is an embankment dam on the Min River near the city of Dujiangyan, Sichuan Province in southwest China. It consists of four generators with a total generating capacity of 760 MW. Construction began in 2001 and was finished late 2006.
The traditional Dujiangyan Irrigation System consisting of canals, levees, and dams, has been in use since 256 AD.
Controversy.
The 7.9 magnitude quake on May 12, 2008 caused some damage to the dam, with the dam having a few cracks and fissures. Geologists now believe that the dam could have led to the massive earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="21392253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392253" title="BELFOX">
BELFOX

The Belgium Futures and Options Exchange was the derivatives exchange of Belgium. Belfox was founded as a cooperation between important player on the Belgian financial market.
The Belfox market offered electronic trading and clearing facilities on deritives (futures and options). The underlying values were stocks of the major Belgian companies.
A new advanced trading system BTS was launched in 1998, intending to increase instrument and enhance speed flexibility.
Jost Schmidt actes as CEO until Belfox merged with the Brussels stock exchange and CIK, forming BXS (Brussels eXchangeS).
This merger took place in 2000, and BXS merged with French and Dutch stock exchange companies into Euronext. A new exchange under the NYSE Euronext banner was opened, consolidating other Euronext exchanges in November 2007. The new exchange is called formally NYSE EURONEXT - EURONEXT BRUSSELS - DERIVATIVES.
The code for the exchange is BEL20, with an ISIN BE0389555039. It comprises 20 stocks.
Exchange codes.
The Reuters Exchange mnemonic for Belfox is 'b'. It had an ISO MIC of XBFO.
The replacement exchange has an ISO MIC of XBRD.

</doc>
<doc id="21392255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392255" title="Fishing industry in the Maldives">
Fishing industry in the Maldives

The fishing industry in the Maldives is the island's second main industry. According to national tradition in the words of former President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, "Fishing is the lifeblood of our nation, it is inborn. From the soil on which we live, to the sea around us, it remains an integral part of our existence. Fishing, and our country and its people, one and shall remain inseparable forever."
The Maldives has an abundance of aquatic life and species of fish. Common are tuna, groupers, dolphin fish, barracuda, rainbow runner, trevally and squirrelfish and many more. Aside from being of essential importance to the economy, fishing is also a popular recreational activity in the Maldives, not only among locals but by tourists. The islands have numerous fishing resorts which cater for these activities.
The Maldives is an archipelago in the Indian Ocean, located south west of the southern tip of India. Its population in 2008 was 386,000. There are twenty-six atolls containing 1,192 islets, of which two hundred and fifty islands are inhabited. The low level of islands makes them vulnerable to sea level rises.
History.
Fishing has long been the life blood of the Maldivian economy. Today it still employs half the Maldivian workforce. Formerly, Maldives shipped 90 percent of its fishing catch of tuna in dried form to Sri Lanka. However, because Sri Lanka cut back its imports of such fish, in 1979 Maldives joined with the Japanese Marubeni Corporation to form the Maldives Nippon Corporation that canned and processed fresh fish. Also in 1979 the Maldivian government created the Maldives Industrial Fisheries Company. This company controls the processing and exporting of frozen and canned tuna. They also provide a collector vessel. All fishing is undertaken by the private sector and its involvement in processing and export is increasing.
Progress has also been made as a result of fisheries development projects undertaken by the World Bank. Harbour and refrigeration facilities have been improved, leading to a fourfold increase in earnings from canned fish between 1983 and 1985. Further construction of fisheries refrigeration installations and related facilities such as collector vessels were underway in 1994, with funding both from Japan and the World Bank.
The tiny, low-lying islands have an average elevation of a few feet above sea
level. The highest elevation of any island is not more than three and a half meters. Although the Maldives were in the direct path of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, little permanent damage resulted to the coral beds and fishing grounds.
The mainstays of the Maldives economy are its fisheries and tourism. Both are intrinsically related to the coral reefs. The fisheries were the dominant sector of the economy until 1985, when the tourism industry overtook the fisheries in terms of its contribution to GDP. However fisheries continue to provide an important source of income for about 20 percent of the population, with about 22,000 individuals involved in full-time fishing activities.
Statistics.
The following table shows the total volume of aquatic species caught in the Maldives, as reported by the FAO, for all commercial, industrial, recreational and subsistence purposes.
Almost half of the catch is consumed locally.
EEZ.
As with other countries, the Maldivian exclusive economic zone (EEZ) gives its fishing industry special fishing rights. It covers about 900,000 square kilometres. This area, plus the inland areas, are the areas which the Maldives can, under international law, regard as its fishing grounds.
For most coastal countries, the EEZ roughly coincides with the continental shelf, the fishing rich area of relatively shallow water, less than 200 metres deep, that extends from most continental coastlines. The EEZ gives fishing and mineral rights to this shelf. In the case of the Madives, there is no continental shelf, since the Maldives are not part of a continent. The coral atoll equivalent of a continental shelf is the shallow coral floors surrounding the islands and within the coral basins and lagoons. The total land (not immersed) area of the islands is about 300 km2, and the total coral shelf area is about 35,000 km2.
This shelf area is large compared to the land area (120 times larger), but still small compared to deep ocean part of the Maldivian EEZ (30 times smaller).
There are four areas in the Maldives where fisheries can operate.
Bait fisheries.
Different types of bait fishing are used in Maldive. Most common method is night time using lights.
Reef fisheries.
Reef fisheries are fisheries for reef fish and other organisms that live among coral reefs. The Maldives contain 2.86 percent of the world coral reefs. The FAO estimated in 1992 that a sustainable yield of about 30,000 tonnes per year was possible for commercial reef fish. The atoll basins, which are by far the largest part of the Maldivian atolls, were identified as having large reef fish resources. Outside the atolls, the deep reef slopes support some high value species, but their total potential yield is relatively small.
Larger commercial reef fish, such as medium to large snapper, grouper, emperor and reef associated jack, are best caught by handlines and longlines. Other resources include aquarium fish, and non invertebrates, such as sea cucumber, lobster, giant clam and black coral. An increase in demand for reef fish from the tourism industry and overseas markets has raised the level of exploitation of particular reef fish varieties.
In terms of value, grouper have been the most significant component of the reef fishery. The grouper fishery has also come under pressure due to demand from local tourism and international markets. The grouper fishery has been sustainable so far, but there is very little potential for expansion under current practices, and a strict management regime is required.
Exports of aquarium fish from the Maldives is increasing. Currently, about 100 species of fish are exported, with 20 species comprising over 75 percent of the trade. Some species exported are rare in the Maldives, and are vulnerable to overexploitation. Cyanide fishing is occasionally practiced in the Maldives to capture aquarium fish.
Shark have been fished for centuries in the Maldives. The main groups of sharks caught in the Maldives are reef sharks, deep water gulper sharks and ocean sharks. The reef shark fishery generates more revenue for the fisheries and tourism than the other groups. Shark fisheries continue to be exploited, particularly for export purposes.
The lobster fishery is mainly targeted for the local tourist industry.
Red coral has been harvested from reef beds for centuries, and the market for them is increasing. In the absence of adequate controls and monitoring, it is difficult to estimate how many people or areas are engaged in exploiting red coral.
Other coastal resources such as cowrie and cuttlefish play a nominal role, and can be sustainably exploited at the present level. However, resources that can be cultured such as giant clams, sea cucumber, some species of aquarium fish, and turtles, have considerable potential.
Pelagic fisheries.
Pelagic fisheries are fisheries for pelagic fish, that is, for fish that are offshore in the open ocean, such as small schooling forage fish, sometimes called bait fish, and larger fish who predate on them, such as tuna and ocean sharks.
The major fishery in the Maldives is the tuna fishery. The most important tuna species is the skipjack tuna, although they are coming under increasing pressure. Next most important, in terms of fish exports from the Maldives, is the large yellowfin tuna.
The tuna are caught by the following methods: pole and line, handline and longline. The pole and line method is most commonly used, and results in 90 percent (2002) of the total fish catch. This traditional use of the pole and line method in the Maldivian tuna industry has contributed to the sustainability of the tuna resources. With recent further improvements in fishing gear and methods, it appears that the catch levels may be close to the maximum sustainable yield.
However, an even more extensive and sustainable coastal resource is forage fish, such as anchovies and herring. This fishery is an integral part of the pole and line tuna fishery, since tuna feed on the forage fish. Future development of the traditional pole and line tuna fishery depends on the availability of this bait fishery. Catch rate for forage fish have increased greatly in recent years, but there is not enough data to really know what the current status of the forage fish stocks are.
For poles, Maldivian fishermen use a bamboo or plastic construction pole, typically 10 to in length and capable of handling a fish weighing as much as , with a line and a feathered barb-less hook attached to the smaller end of the pole. The fishermen will go out at the start of a fishing day in their dhoni boats, looking for live bait such as small scads, silver side and sardine, which are kept alive by the specialised fresh seawater circulating system of the dhoni. With bait on board they then go out looking for schools of tuna.
However a variety of different types of fishing are practised in the Maldives. Very popular is evening fishing just before the sunset. Recreational fishing is seasonal, dictated to by the monsoons. Big game fishing is particularly popular with tourists who will go out on boats with local fishermen and catch big game for sport.
Mariculture.
Mariculture is the culture of marine organisms in seawater. The islands in the Maldives are too small to have inland fisheries, nor are there land based aquaculture activities at present. Fishing occurs in reef, coastal and offshore waters. However, various forms of mariculture are being experimentally trialled, such as the culture of pearls, giant clams, spiny lobsters, bêche-de-mer and grouper.
Seaweed culture has been trialled with little success so far. Nonetheless, culture appears promising given the extensive reef areas which can provide suitable habitats. Culturing crabs in mangrove areas is also a possibility.
Sea cucumbers have been an important coastal resource. They were a very successful fishery to begin with, but have been overfished and need appropriate management to recover. Cultured sea cucumbers have considerable potential, although forage and grouper fisheries can be negatively affected by waste water from sea cucumbers.
Marketing.
The capital of the Maldives, Malé is known for its busy fish markets. Fish is an integral part of the Maldivian diet and it is a common sight to see office workers in formal white shirts and ties on bicycles after work taking skipjack home to eat. Trolleys packed full of fresh tuna or skipjack are carted around in door to door sales. Tuna however is the most important fish, and in recent years in the Maldives the industry has become more efficient, using tuna waste and residue to be processed into fishmeal, an animal food supplement, further contributing to the economy. The tuna industry in the Maldives has been greatly helped by The State Trading Organisation which rebuilt the efficient tuna cannery plant on the island of Felivaru. The canning process typically takes four days, and the plant has the benefits of modern technology and even a laboratory for research and quality control.
Fishing fleet.
The islands of the Maldives have an extensive fleet of small fishing boats, built domestically, each of which can carry about eight to twelve persons. These boats are called dhonis.
In 1995 there were 1,674 vessels, of which motorised vessels for coastal pole and line tuna fishing accounted for 1,407 vessels. Of the remainder, 5 were sailing dhoni (masdhoni), 48 were mechanised dhoni (vadhudhoni), 209 were vadhudhoni with sails, and 5 were rowing boats used to troll reef waters.
Based on a US$3.2 million loan from the International Development Association(IDA), most of the boats were mechanized in the course of the 1980s. Although the addition of motors increased fuel costs, it resulted in doubling the fishing catch between 1982 and 1985. Moreover, the 1992 catch of 82,000 tons set a record; for example, in 1987 the catch was 56,900 tons.
The dhoni, which with its variants, makes up almost the entire fleet, is a small open boat traditionally built from coconut wood, although wood imported from Southeast Asia and fibreglass is increasingly used. Originally sailing craft, nowadays these boats are usually fitted with motors. The main site for building dhonis is in Alifushi Raa Atoll. This boat building is a traditional craft in the Maldives, and young apprentices are still trained by skilled craftsmen. Boats crafted from timber take about 60 days to complete.
Issues.
Overfishing has occurred for
Environmental issues include marine pollution. Examples are increasing risks of spills from oil tankers, and industrial discharges from countries to the north, such as organochlorine residues such as DDT, and heavy metals such as mercury, cadmium, lead, and arsenic. Certain destructive methods used when fish aggregating can cause irreversible damage to the coral reefs, as can boats dropping anchors. Toxic household chemicals have been used when forage fishing. There has been a loss of coastal habitats associated with dredging harbours, reclamation, and the mining of coral and sand for construction. This has affected seagrass beds, mangroves and coral reefs. The significance of mangroves areas to the coastal and marine fishery has not been adequately studied.
Outside aid programmes have initiated reef monitoring projects in the Maldives. However, monitoring has been discontinued when projects have finished, and little of this information has been used to inform decision-making. The Maldives needs to maintain continuity in monitoring, and coordinate its approach to managing its reefs.
Prospects.
Factors which have contributed to increasing catches of fish include an increasing number of mechanised and motorised boats, installation of fish aggregating devices which improve the efficiency of fishing activities, and improvements in infrastructure for collecting and handling the fish catch. Of the pelagic species, skipjack tuna has been almost exclusively exploited. The pelagic fisheries may have considerable expansion potential, especially further from the coast, targeting species such as yellowfin. Demersal and reef species can also be exploited at higher levels. At present, development is limited by limited local facilities for storing and transporting fish.
Future prospects are partly a matter of the quality of fisheries research and management. Research is coordinated and carried out by the government run Marine Research Centre. The FAO Bay of Bengal Programme is exploring the reef and tuna fish, and facilitating a fisheries management system. The United Kingdom is helping investigations into the recovey of coral reefs, the status of tuna stocks, and possibilities for coral mining and further fish marketing. Canada is helping research into coral reefs and the implementation of marine surveillance facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21392260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392260" title="Battle of Baltim">
Battle of Baltim

The Battle of Baltim (also Battle of Damietta, Battle of Baltim–Damietta, Battle of Damietta–Baltim or Battle of Damietta – El Burelos) was fought between the Israeli Navy and the Egyptian Navy on October 8–9, 1973, during the Yom Kippur War. It took place off the Nile delta, between Baltim and Damietta. The battle erupted when six Israeli Sa'ar class missile boats heading toward Port Said were engaged by four Egyptian Osa class missile boats coming from Alexandria. It lasted about forty minutes. The Osas fired Styx missiles, missed, and begun withdrawing back to Alexandria when the Israelis began to give chase. Two Osas were sunk by Gabriel missiles within a span of 10 minutes, and a third was sunk twenty-five minutes later. The fourth made it back to base.
Background.
On October 8, the third day of the war, the Israel Defense Forces launched a counterattack in the Sinai in an attempt to push the Egyptian Army back across the Suez Canal. Israeli naval command expected ground pressure on Port Said to prompt a withdrawal of Egyptian naval assets from the local harbor to Alexandria, to the west. A flotilla of Israeli missile boats was therefore ordered to proceed to Port Said. The boats, having just arrived back in Haifa after the Battle of Latakia, had not yet completed refueling. Nevertheless, within twenty-five minutes eight boats were heading south at thirty knots. These arrived off Port Said five hours later, meeting Commander Michael Barkai who was already on station with two boats. By that time, the counterattack in the Sinai had failed and the Egyptian boats did not leave the port.
Barkai and Admiral Binyamin Telem decided to lure the Egyptians out by shelling coastal targets along the Nile delta. At 21:00, just as they began shelling, they detected targets to the west. The Israeli boats charged at forty knots, but after about thirty minutes it turned out that they had been chasing electronic shadows. Halting to regroup, Barkai asked his ships to report the state of their fuel and munitions supply. The boat he was on, INS Miznak, and three others, were very low on fuel. He contemplated a return to Haifa, but eventually decided to send back the boats that were low on fuel and remain on site with the remaining six. As he was moving from the Miznak to INS Herev, four Osa class missile boats were detected coming out of Alexandria, heading east. When Barkai climbed aboard the Herev, he ordered his force to move toward Alexandria.
Prelude.
Barkai had two Sa'ar 4-class missile boats, INS Reshef and INS Keshet; two Sa'ar 3-class missile boats, INS Soufa and INS Herev; one Sa'ar 2-class missile boats, INS Eilat (named after the INS Eilat sunk six years earlier); and one missileless Sa'ar 1-class patrol boat, INS Misgav. At 23:00, Barkai formed his boats into three pairs, moving in parallel lines across a broad front. The northern pair included the Reshef and the Keshet, the central pair the Eilat and the Misgav, and the southern pair the Herev and the Soufa. At this point, the Osas did not appear on the radar or the long-range electronic sensors, and it was not clear if they were moving toward the Israeli force.
Close to midnight, Barkai took the southern pair to shell targets at Damietta on the delta. As they prepared to fire, their ESM detected something off Baltim, to the west. Barkai ordered the northern pair to disperse long-distance chaff to his north, to see if that would draw fire. After a few moments, the chaff cloud was targeted by missiles from the west. The Sa'ar boats switched on their electronic defenses and opened full throttle, while Barkai decided not to call for help from the Israeli Air Force.
Battle.
The Israeli battle line was crescent-shaped, with the northern pair positioned further forward from the rest. Two pairs of Osas were moving towards the Israeli force but were still outside the forty-five kilometer range of their Styx missiles. The range of the Israelis' Gabriel missiles was twenty-five kilometers, forming a gap the Israelis hoped to bridge unharmed using their Electronic Warfare equipment which offered the Styx missiles more targets than were available. At 00:15, Israeli sensors detected an Egyptian missile launch at a range of . After two minutes, these missiles exploded harmlessly in the sea. The Egyptians continued their advance and fired three more salvos in the following ten minutes, their fire aimed mostly at the chaff clouds dispersed by the northern Israeli pair. After firing their last barrage at a range of thirty kilometers, the Osas made a figure-eight maneuver and began speeding back to Alexandria, with the Sa'ars giving chase. Barkai warned his commanders not to fire at any range longer than . His calculations suggested that they could catch the slower Osas before they could reach the port.
After a twenty-five minute chase, INS Keshet entered the seventeen kilometer range and fired a missile which hit an Osa. At this point, Keshet's engine room began taking water from a burst pipe. Firing off another missile, Keshet stopped two kilometers from the damaged Osa while INS Misgav closed in and hit it with gunfire. Meanwhile, INS Reshef fired and hit the second Osa, while INS Eilat also fired one missile. The Reshef charged at the damaged Osa and sank it with gunfire. The southern pair of Osas split, one of which was then hit and came to a standstill, although it did not sink. The Herev and the Soufa fired dozens of shells into the Osa before discovering that it had in fact run aground. The other Osa headed west toward Alexandria, and got out of range. The Reshef was closest to it and began chasing the Osa, but the weapons officer reported an electrical malfunction preventing a missile launch. INS Reshef kept pursuing, hoping to reach gun range, but Barkai noticed that it was breaking away from the rest of the force and was getting dangerously close to the coast. Fearing it would be vulnerable to air attacks, he ordered it to withdraw. The commander of the Reshef asked for a few more minutes, but eventually rejoined the force.
Aftermath.
Noting that the force was too close to Alexandria, Telem ordered Barkai to stop the chase. At 13:30, the force headed back to Haifa. The fourth Osa reached Alexandria. Egypt claimed to have sunk four Israeli "targets", three they believed to be motor torpedo boats and one missile boat. Years after the battle, the commander of the Reshef met an Egyptian naval officer who commanded one of the Osas at the US Naval War College. He said that he and two or three crew members survived the explosion and managed to swim ashore.

</doc>
<doc id="21392263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392263" title="Higashi-Kawaguchi Station">
Higashi-Kawaguchi Station

Lines.
Higashi-Kawaguchi Station is served by the following two lines.
Station layout.
There are two sections at this station. The JR section consists of an elevated island platform. 
Platform 1 serves trains to Minami-Urawa, Nishi-Kokubunji and Fuchū-Hommachi. Platform 2 serves trains to Minami-Koshigaya, Shim-Matsudo, Nishi-Funabashi, Tokyo, and Kaihin-Makuhari.
The Saitama Rapid Railway section consists of an underground island platform. There are orange platform screen doors. Platform 1 serves Urawa-Misono bound trains. Platform 2 serves trains to Hatogaya, Akabane-Iwabuchi, Meguro (via the Tokyo Metro Namboku Line) and Hiyoshi (via the Tokyu Meguro Line).
History.
The JR East Station was one of the original stations on the Japanese National Railways (JNR) Musashino Line, which opened on April 1, 1973. It became an interchange station when the Saitama Rapid Railway opened on March 28, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21392268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392268" title="Regional Science High School III">
Regional Science High School III

The Regional Science High School III is a high school in East Kalayaan, Subic Bay Freeport Zone, Zambales province of the Philippines. It specializes in both science and math, mainly for academically strong adolescents. The school was established in 1994.
History.
Regional Science High Schools were established in the Philippines pursuant to DECS Order No. 69 Series of 1993. The schools were built for above average ability students who have shown an aptitude in science and technology. These high schools take Science, Math and English at a higher level. The schools also have an enriched curriculum, undertaking research which is not available in mainstream schools.
The school was originally located at Angeles City High School in Angeles City, Pampanga. but was relocated to Olongapo City National High School before its opening on June 6, 1994. Under the management of Former Olongapo City Mayor Katherine Gordon and SBMA Chairman Richard Gordon, the school was relocated again to the former American base at Subic Bay Freeport Zone, near the present-day Mondriaan Aura College. 
Once again, the school was relocated to the former elementary school in East Kalayaan which is the present location of Regional Science High School III.
Environment.
It is located in one of the few remaining natural rainforests in the Philippines in Subic Bay Freeport Zone.The school buildings are abundantly surrounded by grass, rocks, shrubs and trees, over the school fence is an off-limits forest.
The buildings used for the school were still the same structures as it was used as an elementary school during the American Regime, only some were modified for the better use of the school body.
Website.
http://regionalscience3.webs.com/
Site created by the Supreme Student Government of the school year 2014-2015.

</doc>
<doc id="21392273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392273" title="Plurima Mortis Imago">
Plurima Mortis Imago

Plurima Mortis Imago is the debut album by the Polish avant-garde black metal band Devilish Impressions. The band was able to recruit Dragor to do the drums and Adrian Nefarious to play the bass guitar, both members of Luna Ad Noctum.
The musical arrangements were far better than their demo and they decided to record the instruments at different studios. The drums and guitars were recorded at "Mamut Studio" by Maciek Mularczyk and Wojtek Nowak. And all the synths and vocals at "Hendrix Studios", Lublin by Arek "Malta" Malczewski. A man well known for his long-time relationship with Behemoth. Al the material was mixed at the home studio of Wojtek "Flumen" Kostrzewa and mastered by the Wiesławscy brothers of "Studio Hertz", Białystok, all in September, 2005.
Track listing.
Total playtime: 44:49 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="21392274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392274" title="Lodhra">
Lodhra

The Lodhra (), are a tribe of Muslim Rajputs, found mainly in Lodhran District of Punjab, Pakistan.
The tribe claims descent from Lodhra, a son of Sukhram Dev, a Manhas, Rajpoot. Lodhra is said to have come to the district in the 17th Century, and founded the town of Lodhran. The tribe converted to Islam in the reign of the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb. Some notable personalities of Lodhra clan also live in Mandi Bahauddin District who claim to be Jatts. It needs to be highlighted that making a difference between rajputs and jatts has fairly become complex within the tribe of Lodhra. Most of the people who carried the title Lodhra claim to be Jatts mainly except few exceptions who emphasize to be of Rajputs in origin.

</doc>
<doc id="21392287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392287" title="Minami-Koshigaya Station">
Minami-Koshigaya Station

Lines.
Minami-Koshigaya Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and . It is also located adjacent to Shin-Koshigaya Station on the Tobu Skytree Line.
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. The station has a "Midori no madoguchi" ticket office.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973. The adjacent Shin-Koshigaya Station opened on 23 July 1974, providing an interchange with the Tōbu Isesaki Line (now Tobu Skytree Line).
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the JR East station was used by an average of 65,740 passengers daily (boarding passengers only), making it the second busiest station on the Musashino Line after .
The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="21392296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392296" title="Research into centenarians">
Research into centenarians

A centenarian is a person who has attained the age of 100 years or more. Research on centenarians is becoming increasingly widespread with clinical and general population studies now having been conducted in France, Hungary, Japan, Italy, Finland, Denmark, the United States, and China. Centenarians are the fastest-growing demographic in much of the developed world. By 2030 it is expected that there will be around a million centenarians worldwide. In the United States, a 2010 Census Bureau report found that more than 80 percent of centenarians are women. 
Biochemical factors.
Research carried out in Italy suggests that healthy centenarians have high levels of vitamin A and vitamin E and that this seems to be important in guaranteeing their extreme longevity. Other research contradicts this and has found that these findings do not apply to centenarians from Sardinia, for whom other factors probably play a more important role. A preliminary study carried out in Poland showed that, in comparison with young healthy female adults, centenarians living in Upper Silesia had significantly higher red blood cell glutathione reductase and catalase activities and higher, although insignificantly, serum levels of vitamin E. Researchers in Denmark have also found that centenarians exhibit a high activity of glutathione reductase in red blood cells. In this study, those centenarians having the best cognitive and physical functional capacity tended to have the highest activity of this enzyme. 
Some research suggests that low levels of vitamin D may be associated with longevity. 
Other research has found that people having parents who became centenarians have an increased number of naïve B-cells.
It is believed that centenarians possess a different adiponectin isoform pattern and have a favorable metabolic phenotype in comparison with elderly individuals.
Genetic factors.
Research carried out in the United States has found that people are much more likely to celebrate their 100th birthday if their brother or sister has reached the age. These findings, from the New England Centenarian Study in Boston, suggest that the sibling of a centenarian is four times more likely to live past 90 than the general population. Other research carried out by the New England Centenarian Study has identified 150 genetic variations that appeared to be associated with longevity which could be used to predict with 77 percent accuracy whether someone would live to be at least 100.
Research also suggests that there is a clear link between living to 100 and inheriting a hyperactive version of telomerase, an enzyme that prevents cells from ageing. Scientists from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in the US say centenarian Ashkenazi Jews have this mutant gene.
Many centenarians manage to avoid chronic diseases even after indulging in a lifetime of serious health risks. For example, many people in the New England Centenarian Study experienced a century free of cancer or heart disease despite smoking as many as 60 cigarettes a day for 50 years. The same applies to people from Okinawa in Japan, where around half of supercentenarians had a history of smoking and one-third were regular alcohol drinkers. It is possible that these people may have had genes that protected them from the dangers of carcinogens or the random mutations that crop up naturally when cells divide.
Similarly, centenarian research carried out at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine found that the individuals studied had less than sterling health habits. As a group, for example, they were more obese, more sedentary and exercised less than other, younger cohorts. The researchers also discovered three uncommon genotype similarities among the centenarians: one gene that causes HDL cholesterol to be at levels two- to three-fold higher than average; another gene that results in a mildly underactive thyroid; and a functional mutation in the human growth hormone axis that may be a safeguard from aging-associated diseases. 
It is well known that the children of parents who have a long life are also likely to reach a healthy age, but it is not known why, although the inherited genes are probably important. A variation in the gene FOXO3A is known to have a positive effect on the life expectancy of humans, and is found much more often in people living to 100 and beyond - moreover, this appears to be true worldwide. 
Some research suggests that centenarian offspring are more likely to age in better cardiovascular health than their peers.
General observations.
Several studies have shown that centenarians have better cardiovascular risk profiles compared to younger old people. The contribution of drug treatments to promote extreme longevity is not confirmed and centenarians in general have needed fewer drugs at younger ages due to a healthy lifestyle. A study by the International Longevity Centre-UK, published in 2011, suggested that today's centenarians may be healthier than the next generation of centenarians.
Ninety percent of the centenarians studied in the New England Centenarian Study were functionally independent the vast majority of their lives up until the average age of 92 years and seventy-five percent were the same at an average age of 95 years. Similarly, a study of US supercentenarians (age 110 to 119 years) showed that, even at these advanced ages, 40% needed little assistance or were independent.
A study supported by the US National Institute on Aging found significant associations between month of birth and longevity, with individuals born in September–November having a higher likelihood of becoming centenarians compared to March-born individuals.
In the United States, a 2010 Census Bureau report found that more than 80 percent of centenarians are women.

</doc>
<doc id="21392301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392301" title="Koshigaya-Laketown Station">
Koshigaya-Laketown Station

Lines.
Koshigaya-Laketown Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and .
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 15 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21392314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392314" title="Purús Communal Reserve">
Purús Communal Reserve

The Purús Communal Reserve ("Reserva Communal Purús") is a protected area in Peru located in the Madre de Dios Region and in the Ucayali Region. It is a buffer zone between national parks and other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21392318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392318" title="Yoshikawa Station (Saitama)">
Yoshikawa Station (Saitama)

Lines.
Yoshikawa Station is served by the Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two elevated side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 18,694 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21392326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392326" title="Shin-Misato Station">
Shin-Misato Station

Lines.
Shin-Misato Station is served by the orbital Musashino Line from to and .
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 14 March 1985.
Passenger statistics.
The station was used by 16,498 passengers in fiscal 2011 (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area.
Shin-Misato Station was formerly adjacent to the Musashino Marshalling Yard. However, this closed in 1986, and the land was redeveloped.

</doc>
<doc id="21392328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392328" title="Lakshyabhed">
Lakshyabhed

Lakshyabhed ( The Target) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Raj Mukherjee. The film stars Joy, Swastika, Tapas Paul, Rachana, Sabyasachi, Monoj Mitra, Kharaj Mukherjee, Locket, Pulokita, Neel, Kanchan Mallick, and Monu Mukherjee. It was shot at Pattaya in Thailand, a first for a Bengali film. An 18-member team camped in Pattaya to shoot the sun and sand. and Eden Gardens, Kolkata.
Plot.
The film is revolving round Rupak Chowdhury (Tapas Paul) and his mentally retarded brother Joy (New comer JOY) along with their step brother Rohit and sister Rinki. They live with their step uncle Ahi mama (Manoj Mitra) and his wife, who conspire against them. Joy was given poisonous medicines since his childhood by Ahimama and his Dr. friend which has damaged his nervous system. Nobody loves Joy without Rupak & their servant Harikaka (Kharaj Mukherjee). For a change Rupak takes Joy to their village where they meet two sisters Mukul (Rachana Banerjee) and Bakul (Swastika Mukherjee). Incidentally Rupak marries Mukul but when they return to home, the bad-guies deny to accept her as Rupak’s wife and continuously blame her for their sudden misfortune. Mukul leaves home with Joy to cure him. After consulting a doctor she sends Joy to “Ananda Ashram” under the supervision of Maharaj (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty). On the other hand, Ahimama sends his friend’s daughter Kitty (Locket Chatterjee) to woo Rohit but when Kitty comes to know about their conspiracy they kill her. Slowly Rinki and Rohit understand that they are being misguided by their beloved uncle & aunt, but it’s too late. Ahimama kidnaps Rupak and Mukul- Bakul’s parents & kills Harikaka. So Mukkul Bakul and Joy come to rescue Rupak, fight bravely but Rupak and Rohit both die while fighting. Joy kills his Ahimama, takes his revenge, then goes to jail, writes his autobiography “Lakshyabhed” in jail and then comes out from jail to live happily ever after with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="21392330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392330" title="Moshe Bejski">
Moshe Bejski

Moshe Bejski (Dzialoszyce, 29 December 1921 – Tel Aviv, 6 March 2007) was an Israeli judge, President of "Yad Vashem"'s Righteous Commission.
biography.
The childhood in Poland.
Moshe Bejski was born in the village of Dzialoszyce,in Poland, near Cracow, on 29 December 1920. When he is a youth, he joins a Zionist movement organizing the move of the young Polish Jews to Palestine to build a new nation in the promised land. 
Shortly before the German invasion of 1939, he must give up his Zionist dream because of a serious heart disease which prevents him from leaving with his fellow youths.
The Shoah.
In 1942, all Jews are deported. The Bejski family is dislocated: Moshe, together with the brothers Uri and Dov, ends up into the work camp of Plaszow, whose Commander's Amon Goeth's sadism (he enjoyed using the prisoners for an appalling target shooting from the room of his bedroom) was depicted by Spielberg's movie Schindler's List. 
His parents and sister, instead, are shot on place.
Moshe succeeds in dodging the guards during a shift outside the camp and vainly seeks refuge at his Polish neighbours', whose children have until the day before been school and games mates. Only a delivery boy, colleague of him in a Cracow firm, offers him hospitality albeit in very uneasy and dangerous conditions, but also in this case the malevolent curiosity of the neighbours thwarts the only generosity gesture towards a Jew ever experienced by Moshe.
The meeting with Schindler.
As obliged to "spontaneously" get back to the Plaszow camp, where he finds Uri and Dov again, he eventfully obtains to be added with them to the famous list of Oskar Schindler's factory. This way the three Bejski brothers manage to save themselves and are freed by the Red Army in May 1945. They discover the tragic destiny of their parents and sister and they decide to emigrate to Israel.
The new life in Palestine.
Moshe begins a new life in the dreams place that he hadn't been able to reach when he was a boy. The Zionist dream immediately clashes against the hard reality: his brother Uri is killed by a Palestinian sniper on the day when the Jewish State is recognized by the UN.
The dream to become an engineer instead clashes with the necessity to work to pay for his education and by doing many sacrifices he graduates in Law, with a thesis on the human rights in the Bible. As become on of the best reputed lawyers in Tel Aviv,
he nonethe dickls the obligation to support the newly born Israeli State and he chooses to become a magistrate up to holding the most prestigious office of Member of the Constitutional Court.
The Eichmann trial.
Moshe Bejski left his past in German-occupied Poland behind him. For years, no one knew about his tragic history and everyone thought him a Zionist come to Palestine before the Nazi persecution, or even born there.
Only in 1961, during the trial against Adolf Eichmann, he willingly revealed his story and origins. As called by Prosecutor Hausner
to testify about the Plaszow camp, Bejski delivered an upsetting account of that experience and conveyed to the Court the tragic feeling of the despair and impotence of the prisoners under those circumstances.
For the first time in Israel one discovers the deep unease of the European refugees survived to the Shoah, who are unable to integrate themselves and to be accepted by a populace which despises them and accuses them between the lines of cowardice or not having been able to rebel against the Nazis. A huge debate opens in the Countries, also stirred up by the polemic contribution by the Germen philosopher of Jewish descent, Hannah Arendt, escaped to America in the 30es, and one eventually faces the problems connected to the history of the Jews in Twentieth century Europe.
The Righteous Commission.
The Yad Vashem Memorial, established in Jerusalem for eternal remembrance of the Shoah victims, gains the right acknowledgment and one eventually applies point 9 of the establishing law of 1953, with which the Israel State committed itself to bestow an honor to the non Jews who had saved Jewish lives, by awarding them with the highest title, that of Righteous among the Nations.
One establishes the Righteous Commission with the task of running the investigations to ascertain the rescuing acts and make clear to whom the title must be awarded. The President appointed is the most famous judge in Israel, Mr. Moshe Landau, who had presided the Eichmann trial and issued the relative death verdict. Yet, Landau soon leaves the office and proposes the nomination of Bejski who will replace him in 1970, keeping the presidency until 1995, when he retires. In the meanwhile, nearly eighteen thousand Righteous have been honored and have planted a tree in the avenue dedicated to them at Yad Vashem to remember their gesture.
Bejski as the President of the Righteous Commission.
Moshe Bejski's role in the activity of the Righteous Commission has been crucial. While Moshe Landau thought of a panel that would deal with a small number of significant cases, Bejski reversed this stance, with the will to award the title to all who expressed the intention to rescue a persecuted Jew, who hadn't succeeded in saving him, or who had done without running the risk of their lives. For the new President of the Commission, it wasn't necessary to have behaved like heroes to obtain the honor. The great number of cases reported to Yad Vashem èroved that there had been a real involvement of many people, common people, in the attempt to wrench the Jews from extermination. Making their stories known meant debunking the myth according to which the opposition against Nazism was an impossible deed, that there wasn't any concrete possibility to help the persecuted without running extreme risks. Many times, a little intervention would suffice to prevent from a big tragedy. This is why it is important to value and publicly feature every opposition gesture that was made in favour of the Jews in Nazi occupied Europe.
To obtain this result, Bejski didn't spare himself: he dedicated the best years of his life to it, giving up much of his private life, remaining at work until late to run the meetings of the Commission after the intense days at the Constitutional Court. His activity, which was entirely volunteer, was able to involve and transmit enthusiasm to the other members, by broadening their competences, creating the subcommissions to be able and deal with more cases, by supporting the internal debate without ever giving up investigating up to the last useful element for a correct and loyal evaluation.
The dilemma he found himself confronted with have been enormous: how to judge who has saved a Jew, but killed another man after the war? Or the woman who hid the persecuted while she prostituted with the Nazi officials? Or those who saved dizaines of Jews in Poland without by any means giving up their anti-Semitic opinions? Or also those who helped by receiving money back?
Not only that. The idea of the individual responsibility, of the moral debt of the survivor, of thankfulness towards their saviours brought Bejski to get involved personally with his rescuer, Oskar Schindler. After finding him again at the beginning of the 1960s and wrenching him out of bankruptcy and imprisonment in Germany, he invited him to Israel and he valiantly committed to honoring his action, clashing with Landau until the apotheosis of Spielberg's film, which made him famous all over the world. Besides Schindler, Bejski committed himself to helping other Righteous people who lived in precarious state in the Eastern European Countries or who needed medical assistance, and he fought hard to obtain the Israeli state's commitment to help them.
The legacy.
Moshe Bejski leaves us a precious heritage. His quest for the Righteous taught us that it is possible to act against the Evil with a simple act of Good also without becoming martyres, so far as one has the moral push to do so; that there are no barriers neither ethnical, nor religious, nor ideological nor religious, when one puts the human being at the centre of one's world of values. Finally, it proved that the best way to safeguard the example of the Righteous is that of feeling personally responsible towards them, like they felt responsible towards other human beings.
Reaping Moshe Bejski's heritage means working through his path, honoring the Righteous all over the world and every time genocides or other crimes against the humankind are perpetrated.
Moshe is referred to several time in the book "Night" Ellie Wiesel and a response to a difficult question is in the back of "The Sunflower" by Simon Wiesenthal.
Bibliography.
This, with its translations into a number of languages, is the only existing book about Moshe Bejski.

</doc>
<doc id="21392337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392337" title="Misato Station (Saitama)">
Misato Station (Saitama)

Lines.
Misato Station is served by the Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two elevated side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1973.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 14,455 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21392340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392340" title="Panacea Biotec">
Panacea Biotec

Panacea Drugs Pvt. Ltd. was set up in the year 1984 and got listed in 1995 as Panacea Biotec Ltd. Panacea Biotec is an Indian research based pharmaceutical and health management company involved in research, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical formulations, vaccines, and natural products. It is one of the three largest biotech companies in India. In August 2011 several of its hepatitis vaccines were removed from the list of prequalified vaccines by the World Health Organization because of quality management issues, but the issues were resolved by early 2012.
Panacea Biotec has 5 research centres across India that specialize in the fields of pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, natural products and biopharmaceutics.
History.
Panacea Biotec is the largest Vaccine manufacturing Company in India and is well acknowledged by the UN Health Agencies in partnering the Polio eradication initiative with supplies of millions of doses of WHO Pre-qualified Polio vaccine. As a sequel to the completion of full range of Oral polio vaccines (tOPV, mOPV1, mOPV3 & bOPV) Panacea Biotec has introduced the next generation Inactivated Polio vaccine (eIPV) vide a collaboration with the Netherland Vaccine Institute. This vaccine has found extensive usage in India for more than 3 years now and is registered in Bangladesh. IPV is also in advanced stage of registration in 10 countries word wide with the target of being in more than 30 countries in a couple of years and has been put up for WHO prequalification which is expected soon.
Panacea Biotec timeline:
Landmark collaborations with The Netherlands Vaccine Institute (The Nederlands Vaccin Instituut (NVI)) for manufacture & marketing of finished Inactivated Polio Vaccine (IPV) and a number of IPV based combination vaccines in India and across the globe.
Collaboration with PT.Bio Farma to manufacture & market Measles Vaccine.
Inauguration of Biopharmaceutical R&D Centre at New Delhi
Pre-Qualification Certification from WHO for Supply of Recombinant Hepatitis-B Vaccine to UN Agencies.
Collaboration with National Research Development Corporation (NRDC) for technology transfer of Foot and Mouth Vaccine.
Research Agreement with Punjab University to develop New Chemical Entities for Psychiatric Disorders
WHO prequalification for fully liquid innovative combination Pentavalent vaccine, EasyFive* against five deadly infectious diseases (DTwP+ Hep B+ Hib) of early childhood.
Granted a patent from US Patent & Trademark Office for our product Thank GodTM (Euphorbia Prostrata) for effective management of hemorrhoids & piles (Patent No. 7,371,412 B2)
Alliances.
Panacea Biotec - Kremers Urban Inc. Allianc.
Panacea Biotec enjoys a rich tradition of collaborations and joint ventures with various industry players and business relationships with national & international research institutes, academic universities and commercial corporations for the purpose of securing in-licensing, out sourcing and other business opportunities and to develop strong product portfolio.
Panacea Biotec - Kremers Urban Inc. Alliance
Panacea Biotec, India's highly progressive research based health management company has entered into a strategic alliance with Kremers Urban Inc. (part of UCB Group) for 11 high barrier to entry generics, whose market size in US at the innovator level is around USD 4 billion.
The first product in this portfolio to reach the market is Tacrolimus Capsules that is being launched in US in Nov 2012. Panacea Biotec was granted approval of the product from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in September 2012. Tacrolimus is used along with other medications to prevent rejection (attack of a transplanted organ by the immune system of a person receiving the organ) in people who have received organ transplants. Tacrolimus is in a class of medications called immunosuppressants. It works by decreasing the activity of the immune system to prevent it from attacking the transplanted organ. 
The total market size of Tacrolimus is approximately USD 892 million in US. Currently there are 5 generic players in US; namely Sandoz, Dr Reddy’s, Mylan, Watson and Accord Healthcare. The innovator brand Prograf® accounts for approximately 43% of Tacrolimus sales in terms of units sold and generics account for the remaining 57%.
Panacea Biotec-Osmotica Alliance
Panacea NewRise Hospital, Gurgaon
Nederlands Vaccine Institute (NVI), Netherlands
National Research Development Corporation (NRDC), India
PT Bio Farma, Indonesia
National Institute of Health, USA
National Institute of Immunology, India
Biotech Consortium India Ltd
Products.
Panacea Biotec's portfolio consists of many key brands across the various therapeutic segments.Panacea Biotec has engineered its sales and marketing network for pharmaceutical formulations into strategic business units (SBUs), which comprise Critical Care, Diacar, Procare and Growcare. The company has launched other new SBU, viz. Oncotrust & Value India. 
The aim of each SBU is to attain leadership position in its respective markets and establish brand equity in respective therapeutic segment by implementing the concept of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) for better coverage and servicing of customers. The SBUs promote a portfolio of brands with a special focus on Orthopedicians, Cardiologists, Diabetologists, Physicians, Nephrologists, Pulmonologists, Surgeons, Dentists, ENT (Ear, Nose and Throat) specialists, Pediatricians and Gastro-enterologists.
Nephrology.
Critical Care, a Super Speciality SBU of the company, is focused on Nephrology therapy in the highly specialized organ transplantation and dialysis management segments. It offers a complete range of pre-transplant & post-transplant therapies. The SBU has carved a niche in super-specialty segment and created a scientific image. The SBU is rightly poised for achieving clear leadership in the Nephrology &Transplantation segment.
Diabetology & Cardiovascular.
Diacara is the highest contributing SBU of the company with dedicated marketing and sales infrastructure for Diabetes and Cardiovascular management. Diacar SBU is valued at Rs.460 million (ORG IMS Mar’07 MAT). The SBU promotes the brands to the target specialists viz. Endocrinologists, Diabetologists and Physicians in a fiercely competitive scenario and has achieved significant leadership position in Oral anti-diabetic segment.
Gastroenterology & Orthopedic.
Procare SBU of the company endeavors to consolidate and strengthen its image in the field of chronic health care management with specific focus on pain and arthritis management, osteoporosis and gastrointestinal disorders. It promotes a portfolio of brands with special focus on Orthopedicians, Surgeons, Dentists, ENT specialist & Gastroenterologist apart from Consulting Physician and General Physician.
Respiratory.
Growcare is the respiratory and pediatric business of Panacea Biotec. This business was carved out of the existing business of Panacea Biotec as part of the long term strategy to enter the high growth Respiratory Therapy. Growcare is a Rs.230 million business with total field strength of around 350 people and services more than 50,000 doctors across the country, in various specialties such as Chest Physicians, Consulting Physicians, Pediatricians and General Physicians. 26 different SKUs are marketed with presence in multiple Therapy areas.
Oncology.
Panacea Biotec has plans to foray into oncology segment to provide treatment for Cancer, viz, breast cancer, brain tumor, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, prostrate cancer and colorectal cancer. ‘ Oncotrust’ would be the new Strategic Business Unit (SBU) with the total strength of around 50 sales specialists on oncology who would be responsible for marketing these drugs. The aim to register sales volumes of Rs. 150-200 million in oncology chemotherapy segment in the next three years. The Company feels that it would be able to launch novel drug delivery based anti-cancer drug in next 2-3 year period.
Value India Healthcare.
Some of the brands include TwoWks, patented product to treat 1st & 2nd degree piles, Combipunch, a first time in India, DCGI approved formulation for allergic rhinitis and others.
VIH aims to provide a complete basket of products which a general practitioner needs on a daily basis. The Value range of antibiotics, ValueCef, ValueOrni & others, the pain range like Instanim, Nowaste Para, the respiratory range of KofZero, KoldZero are all steadily gaining the mindshare of the Doctor.
ValueIndia currently operates in Rest of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh & Chhattisgarh regions with plans for expansion to other states shortly.

</doc>
<doc id="21392351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392351" title="Giles Farnaby's Dream Band">
Giles Farnaby's Dream Band

Giles Farnaby's Dream Band was a collaboration between the early music ensemble St. George’s Canzona, Derby-based folk group The Druids, and Trevor Crozier’s 'Broken Consort'. They were backed by three jazz musicians: Jeff Clyne (bass guitar), Dave MacRae (electric piano) and Trevor Tomkins (drums).
The album title is a pun on the piece ‘Giles Farnabys Dreame’ by the renaissance composer Giles Farnaby.
The album largely consists of renaissance dance tunes played on a combination of early and modern instruments. This prefigures some of the work later undertaken by the Albion Band and Home Service. It is chiefly notable for its experimental nature, demonstrating some of the diverse attempts at fusion at the time which resulted in sub-genres such as folk jazz and medieval folk rock. It is most similar in its sound to medieval folk and progressive rock bands like Gryphon and Gentle Giant. The rarity of the album has made it the subject of enthusiasm for some collectors.
The song ‘Newcastle Brown’ was subsequently released as a single (Argo, AFW112, 1973).
The album was reissued as a CD in 2004 (Walhalla, WH90324, 2004)

</doc>
<doc id="21392353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392353" title="EcoMobility">
EcoMobility

Eco-Mobility is a marketing term used to describe travel through integrated, socially inclusive, and environmentally friendly transport options, including and integrating walking, cycling, wheeling, and passenging. By enabling citizens and organizations to access goods, services, and information in a sustainable manner, it supports citizens’ quality of life, increases travel choices, and promotes social cohesion.
It is neither a new kind of transportation nor is it a collective word to indicate heterogeneous transport. EcoMobility indicates a new approach to mobility that highlights the importance of public and non-motorized transport and promotes an integrated use of all modes in a city. Environmentally sustainable and socially inclusive, ecological mobile transport choices have low to no emission compared to the personal automobiles powered by fossil fuels. It supports the use of light electric vehicles, provided that the source of the electricity is from renewable energy sources. Incorporating Ecomobility into the development of traffic systems and policies will benefit local governments in attaining international recognition for the city and its leadership.
Features of an ecomobile city.
An EcoMobile city:
Three major projects:
1. The EcoMobility Alliance is a select group of ambitious cities that have achieved excellent results in certain dimensions of sustainable mobility, and that strive to reach similar results in other EcoMobility fields. 
2. The World Festival for Ecological Mobility will feature a neighborhood in Suwon, South Korea, with residents temporarily adopting an ecomobile lifestyle to experience how EcoMobility can influence their lives positively. The four-week long Festival in September 2013 will present a real-life vision of car-free urban living in the future.
3. EcoMobility SHIFT is a project to develop a total quality management scheme - the SHIFT scheme - to be launched in May 2013. This scheme allows cities to assess their current EcoMobility performance and evaluate the effectiveness of their policies and actions to achieve a more sustainable transport system in terms of environment, accessibility, safety, and equity.

</doc>
<doc id="21392358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392358" title="Machiguenga Communal Reserve">
Machiguenga Communal Reserve

The Machiguenga Communal Reserve ("Reserva Comunal Machiguenga") is a protected area in Peru located in the Cusco Region, La Convención Province, Echarate District.

</doc>
<doc id="21392361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392361" title="Shin-Yahashira Station">
Shin-Yahashira Station

Lines.
Shin-Yahashira Station is served by the Musashino Line between Fuchū-Hommachi and Nishi-Funabashi, with some trains continuing to Tokyo via the Keiyō Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two underground side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 2 October 1978.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 23,150 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21392370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392370" title="Ahmed Shah (cricketer)">
Ahmed Shah (cricketer)

Ahmed Shah (born October 20, 1983) is a left-handed batsman and a Slow left-arm orthodox bowler who plays for Afghanistan.
He is a part of the rapidly rising Afghan cricket team that in under a year has won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, thus promoting them to Division Two and allowing them to partake in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier where they gained ODI status.
Shah made his ODI debut against the Netherlands at the VRA Cricket Ground on 30 August 2009. Shah also made his first class debut in Afghanistan's debut match in the Intercontinental Cup against a Zimbabwe XI at Mutare on 16 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21392376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392376" title="Opal Storage Specification">
Opal Storage Specification

The Opal Storage Specification from the Trusted Computing Group is a set of Storage Workgroup specifications which provides a comprehensive architecture for putting Storage Devices under policy control as determined by the trusted platform host. The capabilities of the Storage Device to conform with the policies of the trusted platform and the lifecycle state of the Storage Device as a Trusted Peripheral.
OPAL SSC Overview.
The Opal SSC (Security Subsystem Class) is an implementation profile for Storage Devices built to:
OPAL SSC Functionalities.
The Opal SSC has a wide set of functionalities:

</doc>
<doc id="21392392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392392" title="University of Navarra School of Law">
University of Navarra School of Law

The University of Navarra School of Law is the oldest School of the University of Navarra system. The School of Law is located on the University’s Main Campus in Pamplona, Spain. Approximately 70% of its Law Students come from the other regions of Spain and from a long list of countries, which includes:Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, México, France, Albania, Jamaica y Portugal, amongst others.
The School of Law offers a full range of Degrees at both the undergraduate and graduate level. The Degree in Spanish Law, "Licenciatura de Derecho", is complemented by six specialization diplomas: "Derecho Económico"; "Derecho Medioambiental"; "Derecho Foral Navarro"; the Anglo-American Common Law system; as well as, Global Law (Anglo-American Law Program, International Business Law Program, Global Lawyer Certificate).
History.
The School of Law was created in 1952. Lectures were initially held in the "Cámara de Comptos de Navarra" (a historic building where the Old Kingdom of Navarra's Treasury Chamber was situated), and later, in the building of the Museum of Navarra. When the University's Campus was first constructed in 1963, the School of Law operated from the University's Central Building. The current School of Law Building was inaugurated in 1992. A new construction project is currently underway to build a large academic center to house the combined disciplines of Law and Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="21392395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392395" title="Higashi-Matsudo Station">
Higashi-Matsudo Station

Lines.
Higashi-Matsudo Station is served by the following lines.
Station layout.
The Hokusō station consists of two elevated island platforms serving four tracks. The JR East station consists of two opposed side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on the Hokusō Line on 31 March 1991.
The JR East station opened on 14 March 1998.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the JR East station was used by an average of 14,513 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="21392399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392399" title="Jawali, Maharashtra">
Jawali, Maharashtra

Jawali, Maharashtra (Jaoli or Javali ) is small village located in Mahadeva Mountain range of Phaltan Tehsil of Satara district of Indian state of Maharashtra. The village is also known as Siddhanathachi Jawali / Jaoli / Javli.
History.
Jawali falls under the Phaltan Princely State and was the part of Old Maratha Empire under Royal Naik Nimbalkar.
Transport.
MSRTC Buses from Phaltan Depot run regularly to Jawali, Aandrood to Shikhar-Shinganapur.
Occupation.
The main occupation of the villagers here is Agriculture and the biggest Market Centre is in Phaltan.
People.
Bhoite clan of 96 clans of Maratha dominated this place and were the manor property holders. The surrounding places were under the dominion of Nimbalkar Kings.
Castes include Maratha, Chambhar, Dhangar and Navabauddha.
Education.
Phaltan is the nearest education centre. Many travel to Baramati, Pune, Mumbai, and other centers as per their choice. The village has one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="21392400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392400" title="Welsh Highland Railway (Caernarfon)">
Welsh Highland Railway (Caernarfon)

The name "Welsh Highland Railway (Caernarfon)", or WHR(C), was the name given to the operation by the Festiniog Railway Company of the railway services during the ongoing reconstruction of the line of the old Welsh Highland Railway.
This was to distinguish it from the operations of the Welsh Highland Railway Limited, owners, and operators of a section of line in Porthmadog,which was known as Welsh Highland Railway (Porthmadog).
From 2009, the WHR(C) operation became the Welsh Highland Railway, whilst the WHR(P) operation was renamed Welsh Highland Heritage Railway
For further information see Welsh Highland Railway

</doc>
<doc id="21392403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392403" title="Asháninka Communal Reserve">
Asháninka Communal Reserve

The Asháninka Communal Reserve ("Reserva Comunal Asháninka") is a protected area in Peru located in the Junín Region, Satipo Province, Río Tambo District.

</doc>
<doc id="21392420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392420" title="Asghar Stanikzai">
Asghar Stanikzai

Mohammad Asghar Stanikzai (; born 22 February 1987) is an Afghan cricketer. Stanikzai is a right-handed batsman and a medium-fast bowler who plays for the Afghanistan national cricket team.
Stanikzai made his representative international debut for Afghanistan U-17s in the 2004 ACC Under-17 competition, where he played his debut match against the United Arab Emirates Under-17s. Stanikzai's debut match for the senior squad came against Oman in the 2004 ACC Trophy, as well as the 2006 ACC Trophy and the 2007 ACC Twenty20 Cup.
Stanikzai was a member of the Afghanistan side, that from 2008 to 2009 won the World Cricket League Division Five, Division Four and Division Three, earning them promotion to Division Two and allowing them to take part in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier where they gained One Day International status.
In the World Cup Qualifier, Stanikzai made his List-A debut for Afghanistan against Bermuda and later in the tournament he made his One Day International debut against Scotland. His first-class debut came in Intercontinental Cup against a Zimbabwe XI in which Afghanistan drew the match. To date, Stanikzai has played in 4 first-class matches for Afghanistan. Later, in November 2009 he was a member of Afghanistan's 2009 ACC Twenty20 Cup winning squad.
Stanikzai made his Twenty20 International debut against Ireland in the 2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka. Later on in February 2010, Ahmadzai played a single match in Afghanistan's victorious 2010 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier, playing in the final against Ireland. Stanikzai was later named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
In April 2010, Stanikzai was a key member of Afghanistan's 2010 ACC Trophy Elite winning squad which defeated Nepal in the final. Stanikzai ended the tournament as the third leading run scorer with 253 runs, including a score of 151 runs from 83 balls against Bhutan.
On March 1, 2014, Stanikzai 90* helped Afghanistan them to register their win over Bangladesh which was their first win against test playing nations.He and Samiullah Shenwari put on a 164 runs patnership for the sixth wicket which is the fifth highest Patnership for the sixth wicket in the history of ODI Cricket and the third highest ODI Patnership for Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="21392426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21392426" title="2008 1. deild karla">
2008 1. deild karla

The 2008 season of 1. deild karla was the 54th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
References.
RSSSF Page

</doc>
