<doc id="21435738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435738" title="Aleksandr Shustov">
Aleksandr Shustov

Aleksandr Andreyevich Shustov (), born 29 June 1984) is a male high jumper from Russia, best known for winning the gold medal in the men's high jump at the 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand.
On 29 July at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona, Spain (that was held at the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys) he achieved his personal best (2.33 metres) and won gold medal.
2011 Competitions.
Shustov began the 2011 indoor season by winning the Lukashevich Memorial in Cheliabinsk on 9 January, with a first attempt clearance of 2.27: two others also cleared 2.27, but they required two attempts. At the end of the month, he won 
the opening leg of the 7th annual Moravia High Jump Tour in the Czech Republic at Třinec on 26 January. He and fellow Russian Sergey Mudrov both cleared 2.29 m, with Shustov awarded the win based on his one miss at his first try at the winning height, while Mudrov needed all three attempts to clear 2.29. At the second stop on the Tour at Hustopece, Russians swept the top four places, with Shustov's 2.30 placing third, to Aleksei Dmitrik's 2.32, and Ivan Ukhov's world-leading 2.38. At the Moscow High Jump Cup on 3 February, Shustov finished tied for second at 2.27, behind Ukhov's winning 2.30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21435746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435746" title="Jardin botanique de la Charme">
Jardin botanique de la Charme

The Jardin botanique de la Charme (18,000 m²), formerly known as the Jardin botanique de la Ville de Clermont-Ferrand, is a municipal botanical garden located at 10, rue de la Charme, Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, Auvergne, France. It is open weekdays year-round plus weekends in the warmer months; admission is free.
The city's first botanical garden was established in 1781 by Abbé Antoine Delarbre on a rented site, now the Jardin Lecoq, and moved multiple times throughout the centuries.
Today's garden was created in 1974 and currently contains about 2600 plant species arranged in a variety of collections including a systematic collection arranged by botanical family (1600 species), a collection of trees and ornamental shrubs, perennials, shade garden with ferns, pond and bog plants, medicinal and useful plants (500 plants), a collection of fruit species, test garden for conifers, and a greenhouse. It also contains a seed collection of 2000 samples.

</doc>
<doc id="21435756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435756" title="Alfred Schulze-Hinrichs">
Alfred Schulze-Hinrichs

Alfred Schulze-Hinrichs (6 November 1899 – 23 June 1972) was a Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. 
During the 1940 Norwegian Campaign Schulze-Hinrichs was captured at Narvik after the sinking of his destroyer "Erich Koellner". He was imprisoned by the Norwegians, first at Vardøhus Fortress in Finnmark and later at Skorpa prisoner of war camp in Troms until released at the end of that campaign in mid-June 1940.
From November 1940 until April 1943 he commanded the 6th Destroyer Flotilla, acting in Norway and Arctic waters. On 1 May 1942, during action against Convoy QP 11, his destroyer "Hermann Schoemann" was disabled and scuttled on the next day. Nevertheless the attack also resulted in the sinking of HMS "Edinburgh" on 2 May 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="21435780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435780" title="France and the Commonwealth of Nations">
France and the Commonwealth of Nations

Relations between France and the Commonwealth of Nations have undergone successive periods of change since the Commonwealth's creation.
The Commonwealth's predecessor, the British Empire, was a notable rival to France's own empire. Even through eras of "Entente cordiale", decolonisation, and political integration with the United Kingdom (the leading Commonwealth member) in the European Union, there has been conflict between French and Commonwealth interests, particularly in Africa. The so-called 'Fashoda syndrome' has shaped French attitudes to prevent Commonwealth influence in French-speaking countries, believing their interests to be mutually-exclusive.
Despite these rivalries and dual structures, at times, it has been suggested that France join the Commonwealth. In 1956, during the Suez Crisis, during which France and the United Kingdom's interests in the Middle East aligned, it was proposed by French Prime Minister Guy Mollet that France and the UK create a Franco-British Union, with common citizenship and Queen Elizabeth II as head of state. His British counterpart, Anthony Eden, instead proposed that France join the Commonwealth, with Commonwealth citizenship rights and recognising the Queen as Head of the Commonwealth. However, this was rejected by Mollet. 
Francophonie.
The Francophonie, which was founded to promote the French language and French culture, as well as pooled scientific research, is often considered France's equivalent of the Commonwealth of Nations. However, its structure and institutions, whilst superficially being similar to the Commonwealth, are more similar to the United Nations, in relying upon majority voting, rather than consensus, as the Commonwealth does.
The Francophonie also adopts a very different philosophy to the Commonwealth, particularly due to its lacking institutional ties to NGOs its equivalent of the Commonwealth Foundation or Commonwealth Family. Nonetheless, the Francophonie spends ten times as much money per inhabitant as the Commonwealth (€0.30 cf. €0.03), reflecting France's dedication to promoting Francophonie relations compared to British 'embarrassment' by the Commonwealth.
Ten countries are full members of both the Francophonie and the Commonwealth (Cameroon, Canada, Cyprus, Dominica, Ghana, Mauritius, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Seychelles, and Vanuatu) and Mozambique is an observer. In the wake of the genocide there, Francophonie member Rwanda has made recent moves away from France's sphere of influence, has replaced French with English as an official language, and joined the Commonwealth at the 2009 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
Before the Francophonie, since the foundation and expansion of the Commonwealth, France has created a number of political and cultural unions that have attempted to simulate its model amongst France's former colonial possessions and French-speaking countries. The French Union was created in 1946 and was succeeded by the short-lived French Community in 1958, which folded when its members gained independence.

</doc>
<doc id="21435809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435809" title="George Miller Dyott">
George Miller Dyott

George Miller Dyott (6 February 1883 – 2 August 1972) was an American pioneer aviator and explorer of the Amazon.
Biography.
Dyott was born in New York to a British father and American mother. Dyott was raised at his father's English home Freeford Hall and educated at Faraday House in London. He test piloted planes not long after the Wright brothers, and was one of the first pilots ever to fly at night. He was awarded his Royal Aero Club pilot's Certificate (Number 114) on the 17th August 1911. 
Though less well known now, Dyott gained his licence soon after many of the most famous names of early aviation. Moore-Brabazon was the first to gain the newly devised certificate, on 8 March 1910 and Rolls, Grahame-White, Cody, Roe, Sopwith followed in that year, but de Havilland and Blackburn won theirs in 1911, only a few months before Dyott.
In the autumn of 1911 Dyott and Capt. Patrick Hamilton travelled to New York with two Deperdussin monoplanes, a two-seater and a single seater. They made an exhibition tour, stopping for a while in Nassau and in Mexico. A highlight, literally, of the Nassau exhibition was a night flight in the two seater, with Hamilton as passenger, carrying a searchlight powered from the ground via cables. In Mexico the two seater carried many passengers, including the Mexican Republic's President Madero. He later reported on the different flying conditions in hot climates, particularly the effects of thermals, rotating winds and the excitement of flying over forest fires.
After returning to the UK, he decided to design his own aircraft. This was known as the Dyott monoplane; after receiving and testing it, Dyott took it to the US in April 1913. He made a sixth month demonstration tour, flying for more than 2,000 miles at venues between New York and California. When he returned to the UK he flew it in the London-Brighton handicap of November 1913, but had to make an unscheduled landing.
After serving as a Royal Naval Air Service squadron commander during the First World War, he become an explorer and joined the Royal Geographical Society. In 1927, he was the second person to transverse the Amazonian "River of Doubt", in the footsteps of the 1913–14 Roosevelt-Rondon Scientific Expedition. Dyott wanted to verify Roosevelt's claim of discovering the river, for which there had been some doubt. In 1928 he mounted an expedition to search for the missing British explorer Percy Fawcett in the Amazon. Dyott found evidence he believed confirmed Fawcett had been killed by the Aloique Indians, but the strength of his evidence soon collapsed on closer scrutiny and the mystery of Fawcett's disappearance remained unresolved. 
Related to the Fawcett expedition, during which Dyott was held captive by Indians and barely escaped with his life, Dyott published a book about his adventures called "Manhunting in the Jungle" (1930), and also co-wrote and starred in a 1933 Hollywood action film called "Savage Gold". The book was later adapted to film as "Manhunt in the Jungle" (1958). In 1929 Dyott played himself in a documentary called "Hunting Tigers in India", filmed in India on the A. S. Vernay expedition under the auspices of the American Museum of Natural History. It was billed as "the first all-talking nature picture" and was supposedly shown to First Lady Mrs. Hoover in the White House theater.
Dyott was active in the early years of aviation in South America too. He established a company, Dyott & Company Ltd. of Lima,taking aerial photographs, scenic vistas and native scenes, which were sold as post-cards. Dyott retired to Santo Domingo de los Colorados, Ecuador, sometime in the mid-nineteen-thirties. During World War II Dyott returned to England in service of his country and a few years after the wars end retired once again to Ecuador. Dyott came out of retirement in 1947 and conducted his two final expeditions, which departed from Pillaro, Ecuador, venturing into the Llanganati Mountains in search of lost Inca Treasure.
Dyott spent most of his life in South America but died in the city of his birth, New York, in 1972.
Works.
Books
Film

</doc>
<doc id="21435817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435817" title="Sardinian regional election, 1989">
Sardinian regional election, 1989

The Sardinian regional election of 1989 took place on 11 June 1989.
After the election a centre-left government composed of Christian Democracy, the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party was formed. The position of President of the Region was held by Mario Floris (1989–1991) and Antonello Cabras (1991–1994).
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and Istituto Cattaneo

</doc>
<doc id="21435841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435841" title="Robert William Eyton">
Robert William Eyton

Reverend Robert William Eyton (1815–1881) was an English Church of England clergyman who was author of "The Antiquities of Shropshire".
Life and career.
Robert William Eyton was born in 1815. He was the son of Reverend John Eyton. He lived part of his childhood at Tong, Shropshire and was educated at Bridgnorth Grammar School in Bridgnorth, Shropshire.
Eyton then went up to Christ Church College, Oxford. Ordained priest in 1839, he went on to become the Rector at Ryton, Shropshire, where he served for 22 years.
He married Mary Watts in 1839. Eyton died on 8 September 1881. His son, the Revd Robert became a Canon of Westminster in 1895. 
Eyton is remembered as author of "The Antiquities of Shropshire", researched during his time at Ryton and published in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="21435850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435850" title="Ordre du Mérite Maritime">
Ordre du Mérite Maritime

The Ordre du Mérite Maritime ("Order of Maritime Merit") is a French order established on 9 February 1930 for services rendered by the seafarers to distinguish the risks involved and the services rendered by seamen; stressed over the importance of the economic role of the Merchant Navy to the country. The order was reorganized in 1948, and again by decree on 17 January 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21435852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435852" title="Pietra di Bismantova">
Pietra di Bismantova

The Pietra di Bismantova is a geological formation in the Reggiano Apennines, in the "comune" of Castelnovo ne' Monti, province of Reggio Emilia, central Italy, c. 45 km from Reggio Emilia. It has the shape of a narrow, quasi-cylindrical plateau (measuring 1 km x 240 m) whose steep walls emerge c. 300 m as an isolated spur from the nearby hills. The top has an altitude of 1,047 m above sea level. It is included in the National Park of the Appennino Tosco-Emiliano.
The spur is composed of yellowish calcarenite over a marl basement, all formed in the Miocene as a sea bottom. It includes fossils belonging to a tropical environment. It is surrounded by woods, mostly of hazel trees ("Corylus avellana").
The Pietra di Bismantova is mentioned by Dante Alighieri in his "Divine Comedy" (Purgatory, IV, 25-30).

</doc>
<doc id="21435854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435854" title="Franz Kohlauf">
Franz Kohlauf

Franz Kohlauf (3 December 1910 – 26 April 1944) was a Fregattenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He was killed in action when Torpedoboot "T-29" was sunk by HMCS "Haida".
He commanded the 4. Torpedo Boat Flotilla, consisting of large Elbing-class torpedo boats, among others. Kohlauf led the five torpedo boats "T-23", "T-26", "T-27", "T-22" and "T-25" in a night battle on 22/23 October 1943 in which the Germans sunk the British cruiser HMS "Charybdis" and escort destroyer HMS "Limbourne", without losses. After this action, he was awarded the Knight's Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21435868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435868" title="Heidi Hayes Jacobs">
Heidi Hayes Jacobs

Dr. Heidi Hayes Jacobs (born October 4, 1948) is an author and internationally recognized education leader known for her work in curriculum mapping, curriculum integration, and developing 21st century approaches to teaching and learning.
Dr. Jacobs is president of Curriculum Designers, Inc. and Executive Director of the Curriculum Mapping Institute. She has served as an education consultant to thousands of schools nationally and internationally. She works with schools and districts K–12, on issues and practices pertaining to: curriculum reform, instructional strategies to encourage critical thinking, and strategic planning.
Major publications.
""Curriculum 21: Essential Education for a Changing World"", ASCD, Alexandria, VA. January, 2010. (with Jaimie Cloud)
""The Curriculum Mapping Planner: Templates, Tools, and Resources for Effective Professional Development"", ASCD, Alexandria, VA. 2009. (with Ann Johnson) 
""Active Literacy Across the Curriculum: Strategies for Reading, Writing, Speaking, and Listening"", Larchmont, NY. April 2006.
""Getting Results with Curriculum Mapping"," ASCD, Akexandria, VA. November, 2004.
""Mapping the Big Picture: Integrating Curriculum and Assessment K–12"" ASCD, Alexandria, VA, 1997.
""Interdisciplinary Curriculum: Design and Implementation."" ASCD, Alexandria, VA. 1989.
Field Work.
President of Curriculum Designers, Inc. Co-founder and Executive Director, Curriculum Mapping Institute. Teaching in the Department of Curriculum and Teaching at Teachers College, Columbia University, NYC, 1981 to present. Co-founder of The Hollingworth Center at Teachers College, Columbia University.
Doctoral work completed at Columbia University’s Teachers College in 1981. Master’s degree from the UMass at Amherst and undergraduate studies at the University of Utah in her hometown of Salt Lake City.
Wide ranging consultations include organizations like: the College Board, NBC Sunday Today Show, Children’s Television Workshop, CBS National Sunrise Semester, ASCD, IBM EduQuest, The Discovery Channel, Tapestry Productions, The Kennedy Center, Carnegie Council, New York City Ballet Education Department at Lincoln Center, the Peace Corps., the National School Conference Institute, the Disney Company, Prentice-Hall Publishing, the Near East School Association based in Athens, Greece, International Baccalaureate, the European Council of International Schools, and state education departments.
Press Coverage.
Interviews and features have appeared in the New York Times, Educational Leadership, Child Magazine, Sunburst Communications video on Successful Middle Schools, and National Public Radio "Talk of the Nation" Broadcast. Dr. Jacobs has published curriculum materials with Prentice Hall, Milton-Bradley, the Electric Company, and Bowmar Publishing. Video Journal of Education features a series on her work, in addition, two other video series developed by ASCD focus on Dr. Jacobs’ curriculum models. PBS features two of her courses for teachers, Curriculum Mapping by Heidi Hayes Jacobs I & II, in their professional development program, PBS TeacherLine, delivered on-line.

</doc>
<doc id="21435869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435869" title="Harry Anderson (baseball)">
Harry Anderson (baseball)

Harry Walter Anderson (September 10, 1931 – June 11, 1998) was an American Major League Baseball player. The native of North East, Maryland, was nicknamed "Harry the Horse," standing tall and weighing . He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
An outfielder, Anderson attended West Chester University of Pennsylvania and was signed as an amateur free agent in by the Philadelphia Phillies. Anderson played 484 career games in 1957–1961 with the Phillies and the Cincinnati Reds. Anderson's first two years in the Major Leagues were his finest. Playing as the Phils' regular left fielder with occasional appearances as a first baseman, Anderson finished in the Top 25 in voting for the National League Most Valuable Player Award in both and . 
During the latter campaign, in his sophomore season in Philadelphia, he batted .301 with 23 home runs and 97 runs batted in, all career highs. But Anderson's performance went into decline in and in June the Phillies traded him to the Reds with Wally Post for young outfielder Tony González and journeyman Lee Walls. González would be the Phils' starting centerfielder for much of the 1960s. Anderson, meanwhile, continued to struggle in Cincinnati and was sent to the minor leagues during the May 1961 roster cutdown.
Overall, Anderson recorded 419 career hits in 1,586 at bats in the Major Leagues. He died at age 66 in Greenville, Delaware, six years after his 1992 induction into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="21435890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435890" title="Kari Skogland">
Kari Skogland

Kari Skogland (born in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Career.
Skogland started directing award-winning television commercials and music videos. She moved on to television shows with 1996's "Traders". "Traders" was nominated for several Geminis including Best Director, and won Best Series.
Her first film, "The Size of Watermelons" won the Silver Award at WorldFest Houston. 
Her CBC film "White Lies" was nominated for several Geminis and an International Emmy and won a Tout Ecran.
"50 Dead Men Walking" is Skogland's most recent project. It stars Sir Ben Kingsley, Jim Sturgess, and Rose McGowan and was released in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21435893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435893" title="Cheese (song)">
Cheese (song)

Cheese is a 1997 single released by ska musical group Less Than Jake.
Track listing.
Cheese and Son Of Dick have been in a number of different records. "Cheese" has been in 4 and "Son Of Dick" has been in 6. "Cheese" has a number of different titles. Examples:"Cheez","Cheeze","Cheese","Richard Allen George ...No, It's Just Cheeze" And Some Others

</doc>
<doc id="21435900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435900" title="Leeuwarden Camminghaburen railway station">
Leeuwarden Camminghaburen railway station

Leeuwarden Camminghaburen is a suburb railway station in Leeuwarden, The Netherlands. The station opened on 2 June 1991 and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Leeuwarden and Groningen. The services are operated by Arriva.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Leeuwarden Camminghaburen:

</doc>
<doc id="21435928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435928" title="K-1 World MAX 2005 Championship Final">
K-1 World MAX 2005 Championship Final

K-1 World MAX 2005 Championship Final was a kickboxing event promoted by the K-1 organization. It was the fourth K-1 World MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/152 lb weight class), involving eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules. All eight of the finalists had won elimination fights at the K-1 World MAX 2005 World Tournament Open, while the reserve fighters were invited despite suffering defeats. As well as tournament matches there were also three super fights fought under K-1 rules (70 kg/152 lb weight class). In total there were sixteen fighters at the event, representing nine countries.
The tournament winner was shoot boxing standout Andy Souwer who defeated reigning champion and tournament favorite Buakaw Por. Pramuk by split decision in a grueling final that went into two extension rounds. Souwer was helped in his route to the final by the fact that local hero (and one of the favorites) Masato was injured in his quarter final match and replaced by the much less renowned Yasuhiro Kazuya, who had suffered a cut in his reserve match win, something Souwer took full advantage of, winning by technical knockout. In the super fights the most notable result saw legendary Muay Thai champion Ramon Dekkers outclass former K-1 USA winner Duane Ludwig, winning via a wide unanimous decision. The event was held in Yokohama, Japan at the Yokohama Arena on Wednesday, July 20, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21435930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435930" title="Sardinian regional election, 1984">
Sardinian regional election, 1984

The Sardinian regional election of 1984 took place on 24 June 1984.
After the election Mario Melis, leader of the Sardinian Action Party, a nationalist social-democratic outfit, formed a government with the support of the Italian Communist Party, the Italian Socialist Party and, since 1985, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and Istituto Cattaneo

</doc>
<doc id="21435933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435933" title="Virsa">
Virsa

Virsa (, ਵਿਰਸਾ) (meaning: heritage); is an Indian, Punjabi language film revolving around social and cultural values. The film is a joint venture between (and has cast crew from) Pakistan and India.
It has been directed by Pankaj Batra. It has a huge budget for a Punjabi movie. The film has been shot all over Australia.
The film stars Pakistani actors Noman Ijaz and Mehreen Raheel, Indian actors Gulshan Grover, Arya Babbar, Kanwaljeet Singh, Aparna Sharma and Australian actor Andrew Duvall (ELSIS teacher).
Virsa Post Production took place in Pixion Studio. The film was released on 7 May 2010.
The music is by Jawad Ahmad, with cinematography of R.A. Krishnaa and choreography by Seema Desai and Jasmin Oza.
Plot.
Virsa is the story of Nawaz Ali and Ranvir Singh Grewal and their families. Nawaz Ali hails from Lahore in Pakistan and Ranvir Singh Grewal belongs to a village, Jakopur, in Punjab, India. About 20 years ago, both of them migrated to Sydney, Australia, in search of work, where they met and became the best of friends. Gradually, their hard work paid off. Ranvir opened an Indian restaurant, which became a runaway success. Nawaz Ali opened a shop opposite Ranvir’s restaurant. It did well and he could manage to lead a comfortable life but he was not as successful as Ranvir.
Nawaz Ali was very grounded in his culture and values and this helped him to remain level-headed and not get carried away by the comforts of life in Australia. He never lost sight of what was morally and ethically right and stood by his Asian values.
On the other hand, Ranvir got carried away by his success. He felt that he was superior to the other Indians and Asians who were not as successful. He found merit in all things associated with the white folks – their lifestyle, their values and culture, their behaviour and mannerisms – and looked down upon his Indian upbringing and values. He had no more use for ethics and morality. He became very conscious of his money, status and reputation.
The difference in outlook and behaviour drive the two friends apart until they reach a point where Ranvir stops talking to Nawaz. However, Nawaz still cares for his friend and tries to keep their friendship alive.
As the film opens, Ranvir and Nawaz are well settled in Australia with their respective families. Nawaz has one son, Amaan Ali and Ranvir has a son, Yuvraj, and a daughter, Meet. Amaan and Yuvraj are roughly the same age and best buddies since childhood, despite the rift between their fathers. However, the difference in the thinkings of the two fathers is reflected in the personalities of their sons.
Amaan is a sensible, level-headed young man. He is strongly grounded in and comfortable with his Asian identity. However, he is contemporary in his outlook. He does a fine balance of sticking to his values even as he adapts to the society around him and its mores and traditions.
Yuvraj is the exact opposite of Amaan. Due to Ranvir’s indulgent attitude, Yuvraj grows up to be a rich, spoilt brat. He also feels closer to the white folks than to the Asians around him. He has no idea of Indian culture or values, no ethics and no morals. He loves women, booze, drugs...
Yuvraj’s sister, Meet, is quite like him in her values, upbringing and behaviour. She is going steady with a white young man but is not sure how her father will react to this development. However, she also has a special relationship with Amaan. Nothing is said but she instictively feels that she can always depend on his help, that he will always be there for her. Amaan too feels an instinctive pull towards her but waits for the right time to tell her of his love for her.
Ranvir feels that the people in his village look down upon him because they feel that he is not a good son, since his father, Sardar Joginder Singh, lives here all alone. Sardarji wants to stay in Punjab, till his last breath. Ranvir cons Sardarji into going with him. In Australia, however, things are very different. The cost of living is high and labour is expensive. Ranvir enlists Sardarji’s help for his restaurant. Gradually, Sardarji’s status becomes no more than that of a paid servant.
One night, at a party, Yuvraj meets Mahi. Mahi has come from Punjab to Sydney for her studies. She is a modern day young Indian woman, contemporary but with a solid foundation in Indian values and culture. She is beautiful, sexy, intelligent and confident. As they fall in love, she tries to reform him and for some time, it seems as though he will sort his life out. But old habits die hard. Yuvraj gradually falls back into his old ways and Mahi is unable to stop him.
Will Ranvir ever see Nawaz’s point of view and will they ever be friends again? Will Sardarji remain a prisoner to his son’s whims or will he rebel against him and return to Punjab? Will Yuvraj ever understand ethics and morality? Will Mahi return to Yuvraj? Will Ranvir accept a white boyfriend for Meet? And Amaan, who loves Meet – will he ever tell her about his love?
As Virsa answers these and other questions, it makes a strong statement about remaining true to one’s values, culture and upbringing even as we constantly adapt and adjust to the society around us. It explores ways of addressing the identity conflicts of immigrant Asians in Western societies so that the succeeding generations can benefit from the best facets of both the cultures.
Soundtrack.
Music By: Jawad Ahmed

</doc>
<doc id="21435937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435937" title="Francis Amenu">
Francis Amenu

The Right Reverend Francis Amenu is the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, Ghana (E.P. Church). He is also the Chairman of the Christian Council of Ghana.
Education.
Rev. Amenu trained as a mining engineer at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology School of Mines at Tarkwa in the Western Region of Ghana between 1973 and 1976. He then went into the Christian ministry. He studied at the Trinity Theological Seminary at Legon in Ghana between 1982 and 1990. He later also attended the Christian Theological Seminary, Indianapolis, United States between 1995 and 1997.
Christian ministry.
He has served in various capacities in the E.P. Church between 1985 and 1999, including being the head pastor at the Accra New Town branch of the church. He was subsequently posted to London in the United Kingdom (UK) where he was the Ghanaian Minister in London and chaplain to the Ghanaian community in the United Reformed Church in the UK between 1999 and 2003. He was instrumental in starting the UK branch of the EP Church during his stay there. On his return to Ghana in the same year, he has been the District Pastor at Madina. He has also served as a lecturer at the Trinity Theological Seminary., and the new Evangelical Presbyterian University College at Ho in Ghana. Rev. Amenu was elected Moderator of the General Assembly of the E.P. Church at its 67th synod at Ho in August 2008. He unsuccessfully stood for election as the Synod Clerk of the church in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21435938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435938" title="FarmersOnly.com">
FarmersOnly.com

FarmersOnly.com is an online dating service for farmers, ranchers, and people living in rural areas of the United States and Canada. The site now has over 1.5 million members. Success stories include couples from California, North and South Dakota, Wisconsin, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Montana, and New York. 
FarmersOnly.com was founded in May 2005 by Jerry Miller who was at the time the owner of an ad agency in Ohio. Jerry's friend, the widow of a farmer, struggled with finding a new relationship, so Jerry began FarmersOnly to meet the needs of people in rural areas who share conservative values. "You don't have to be a farmer, but you do have to have good old-fashioned down to earth values." By April 2008, the site reported having over 90,000 members. FarmersOnly's tagline is "City folks just don't get it.". However, the site received national attention when ABC Nightline followed a non-rural woman with no farming background named from Des Moines, IA on a first date with a rural man from Wahoo, NE.
FarmersOnly was thrust into the national spotlight by a writer at "Newsweek" who wrote about FarmersOnly in the magazine. Quickly, the site's initial strategy of starting by handing out free memberships, coupled with the national attention, led to a major boom for the site. The site estimates that it is responsible for one wedding per week. U.S. states and Canada.
FarmersOnly.com, is owned by FarmersOnly Media, Inc. and its offices are located in Pepper Pike, OH.

</doc>
<doc id="21435947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435947" title="K-1 World MAX 2004 World Tournament Final">
K-1 World MAX 2004 World Tournament Final

K-1 World MAX 2004 World Tournament Final was a kickboxing and martial arts event promoted by the K-1 organization. It was the third K-1 MAX final for middleweight kickboxers (70 kg/154 lb weight class) involving eight finalists and two reserve fighters, with all bouts fought under K-1 rules. Seven of the eight finalists had won elimination fights at the K-1 World MAX 2004 World Tournament Open, while the last finalist and both reserve fighters were invited despite suffering defeats. As well as tournament matches there was also an opening fight, fought under K-1 rules and a super fight fought under K-1 mixed rules (2 rounds of kickboxing, 2 rounds of MMA). In total there were fourteen fighters at the event, representing nine countries.
The tournament winner was Buakaw Por. Pramuk who won the ten million yen first prize by defeating reigning K-1 MAX champion and pre-tournament favourite Masato in the final by unanimous decision after an extra extension round. It was an excellent victory for the relatively unknown Thai who would burst on to the global kickboxing scene and would go on to become a real force in the middleweight division. The other notable result saw popular local MMA fighter Norifumi "Kid" Yamamoto defeat kickboxer Yasuhiro Kazuya in their special MMA vs kickboxing match. The event was held in Tokyo at the Yoyogi National Gymnasium, on Wednesday, 7 July 2004 in front of 14,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="21435960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435960" title="Keith Hartman">
Keith Hartman

Keith Hartman is an American author of speculative fiction and a "struggling film-maker". He has also written non-fiction books on gay and lesbian issues. He has been nominated a number of times for the Gaylactic Spectrum Awards and Lambda Literary Award for LGBT literature.
Biography.
Hartman was born in Huntsville, Alabama. He graduated from Princeton University, then went on to study at the London School of Economics, then started a PhD in Finance at Duke University. Sometime around his third year of the finance program, he decided to change careers and become a writer.
"You Should Meet My Son!", Hartman's first feature film, appeared at LGBT film festivals in 2011 and is slated for DVD release later in the year.
Reception.
F&SF reviewer Charles de Lint reported that ""The Gumshoe, the Witch, and the Virtual Corpse" is, like its title, a somewhat busy book, but there's enough payoff in characterization, story and ideas to make the trip through its pages a real pleasure."

</doc>
<doc id="21435974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435974" title="Arnulf Hölzerkopf">
Arnulf Hölzerkopf

Arnulf Hölzerkopf (31 January 1909 – 11 August 1944) was a Fregattenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21435982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435982" title="Alexander Straub (athlete)">
Alexander Straub (athlete)

Alexander Straub (born 14 October 1983 in Geislingen an der Steige) is a German pole vaulter. He obtained a bronze medal at the 2010 World Indoor Championships in Doha. 
Straub set his personal best (5.81 metres) on 1 August 2008 in Bochum.

</doc>
<doc id="21435986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21435986" title="Đelo Jusić">
Đelo Jusić

Đelo Jusić (born Đevalhudin Jusić; January 26, 1939) is a Croatian-Bosniak composer, arranger, conductor and guitarist.
Jusić was born in Dubrovnik and began composing in the 1960s, founding the successful band Dubrovački trubaduri. His musical works drew inspiration from his native town and contributed significantly to the Mediterranean circle of Croatian popular music. He is a winner of the 2007 Porin Lifetime Achievement Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21436062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436062" title="Joel Etienne-Clark">
Joel Etienne-Clark

Joel Etienne-Clark (born 10 October 1986) is an English-born footballer from Dominica, who is currently playing for Ilford F.C. in the Rymen North Division One league.
Club career.
Joel Etienne-Clark played his youth career at Leyton Orient and was released at age 18. He then joined Chelmsford city with whom he gained a reputation as a tricky winger. He played for Great Wakering Rovers after 2005 whom he joined from Chelmsford City, before switching to Waltham Forest in November 2007. In October 2008, he rejoined Great Wakering Rovers. He then played in the Sussex League for Lingfield before moving to Tilbury where he become a fan favourite until injuries forced him to leave. After regaining fitness he joined Illford FC then Leyton both for brief periods. He then returned to Illford FC where he is seen as their most gifted player.
International career.
He made his debut for Dominica in a March 2008 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Barbados and has earned his other cap in the return leg. Joel also added two extra caps representing Dominica in the 2012 Caribbean cup

</doc>
<doc id="21436089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436089" title="Asian-Scots">
Asian-Scots

Asian-Scots or Scottish Asians is a term used for people of South Asian ancestry who were born and/or raised in Scotland. Their parents or grandparents are normally South Asia immigrants. Many of them are academics, doctors, business owners and/or engineers.
In British usage, the term does not include East Asians, who are known by their respective national origins (e.g. Chinese, Japanese, Malaysians and others) or under the umbrella term "Oriental". It also does not include western Asians, such as Turks.
Communities.
Scotland's South Asian population of more than 90,000 is mostly of Hindu, Sikh and Muslim origin mostly from India and Pakistan and are concentrated around the urban areas, such as Greater Glasgow, Edinburgh and Dundee. However, there are Asian communities in places as small as Stornoway and as far north as Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="21436094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436094" title="Ice cutting">
Ice cutting

Ice cutting was a winter occupation of icemen whose task it was to collect surface ice from lakes and rivers for storage in ice houses and sale as a pre-refrigeration cooling method. Kept insulated, the ice was preserved for all-year delivery to residential and commercial customers with ice boxes for cold food storage.
Ice harvesting generally involved waiting until approximately a foot of ice had built up on the water surface in the winter. The ice would then be cut with either a handsaw or a powered saw blade into long continuous strips and then cut into large individual blocks for transport by wagon back to the icehouse. Because snow on top of the ice slows freezing, it could be scraped off and piled in windrows. Alternatively, if the temperature is cold enough, a snowy surface could be flooded to produce a thicker layer of ice. A large operation would have a crew of 75 and cut 1500 tons daily.
This occupation generally became obsolete with the development of mechanical refrigeration and air conditioning technology.
Ice cutting is still in use today for ice and snow sculpture events. A swing saw is used to get ice out of a river for the Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival each year. A swing saw is also used to cut ice out from the frozen surface of the Songhua River. Many Ice sculptures are made from the ice.

</doc>
<doc id="21436122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436122" title="List of Presidents of Brittany">
List of Presidents of Brittany

This is the list of Presidents of Brittany since 1974. Regional legislatures are directly elected since 1986

</doc>
<doc id="21436126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436126" title="Danijel Marčeta">
Danijel Marčeta

Danijel Marčeta (born 4 January 1989) is a Slovenian footballer. He plays for Virtus Lanciano in the Italian Serie B.
Club career.
Marčeta started his career with his hometown team Triglav Kranj at the age of 18 in 2007. In his first season with Triglav in 2. SNL he played four games. In the all three seasons at the club, he made 37 appearances and scored 5 goals for Triglav.
On 6 February 2009, it was announced that Marčeta had signed for Partizan on a four-year contract. He was given the number 16 shirt for Partizan. He made his debut for Partizan against Javor Ivanjica on 18 April 2009 in the Serbian SuperLiga.
On 22 July 2009, Marčeta joined Scottish Premier League side Falkirk on an initial one year loan. He made his debut for Falkirk on 15 August 2009 against Rangers coming on as a substitute for Tom Scobbie in the 46th minute.
In summer 2012, after playing two seasons back home with FC Koper in the Slovenian First League, he moved abroad again, this time by joining S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924 a newly promoted side of the Italian Serie B.
International career.
Marčeta made his first appearance for the Slovenia U21 on 11 February 2009, in a friendly match against Romania U21.

</doc>
<doc id="21436133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436133" title="International Piano Competition &quot;Ricard Viñes&quot;">
International Piano Competition &quot;Ricard Viñes&quot;

The International Piano Competition "Ricard Viñes" takes part each year in Auditorium Enric Granados in Lleida (Spain).

</doc>
<doc id="21436139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436139" title="Peter Edwards (scientist)">
Peter Edwards (scientist)

Peter Philip Edwards FRSC FRS (born 1949, Liverpool) is Professor of Inorganic Chemistry and former Head of Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of St Catherine's College, Oxford. Edwards is the recipient of the Corday-Morgan Medal (1985), the Tilden Lectureship (1993-94) and Liversidge Award (1999) of the Royal Society of Chemistry. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996 and was awarded the 2003 Hughes Medal of the Royal Society "for his distinguished work as a solid state chemist. He has made seminal contributions to fields including superconductivity and the behaviour of metal nanoparticles, and has greatly advanced our understanding of the phenomenology of the metal-insulator transition". In 2009 Edwards was elected to the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina, and he was elected Einstein Professor for 2011 by the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 2012 he was awarded the Bakerian Lecture by the Royal Society "in recognition of decisive contributions to the physics, chemistry and materials science of condensed matter, including work on the metal-insulator transition". In the spring of 2012 he was elected International Member of the American Philosophical Society; one of only four people from the UK in that year to be awarded this honour across all subjects and disciplines. Later in 2012 he was awarded the Worshipful Company of Armourers and Brasiers Materials Science Venture Prize for his work on new, low-cost, high-performance conducting oxide coatings for solar cells and optoelectronic materials. In the Autumn of 2013 he was elected Member of Academia Europaea, and he was elected as a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21436161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436161" title="Sardinian regional election, 1979">
Sardinian regional election, 1979

The Sardinian regional election of 1979 took place on 17 June 1979.
After the election Alessandro Ghinami, member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party formed a government which included Christian Democracy and the Italian Socialist Party. However, as soon as in 1980 the Socialists and the Democratic Socialists switched sides and formed a new coalition with the Italian Communist Party and the Sardinian Action Party. The government was led by Socialist Francesco Rais (1980–1982) and Sardist Mario Melis (1982). In 1982 the Christian Democrats returned at the head of the regional government with Angelo Rojch as President, in coalition with the Socialists, the Democratic Socialists and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and Istituto Cattaneo

</doc>
<doc id="21436165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436165" title="Fertilisation of Orchids">
Fertilisation of Orchids

Fertilisation of Orchids is a book by English naturalist Charles Darwin published on 15 May 1862 under the full explanatory title "On the various contrivances by which British and foreign orchids are fertilised by insects, and on the good effects of intercrossing". Darwin's previous book, "On the Origin of Species", had briefly mentioned evolutionary interactions between insects and the plants they fertilised, and this new idea was explored in detail. Field studies and practical scientific investigations that were initially a recreation for Darwin—a relief from the drudgery of writing—developed into enjoyable and challenging experiments. Aided in his work by his family, friends, and a wide circle of correspondents across Britain and worldwide, Darwin tapped into the contemporary vogue for growing exotic orchids.
The book was his first detailed demonstration of the power of natural selection, and explained how complex ecological relationships resulted in the coevolution of orchids and insects. The view has been expressed that the book led directly or indirectly to all modern work on coevolution and the evolution of extreme specialisation. It influenced botanists, and revived interest in the neglected idea that insects played a part in pollinating flowers. It opened up the new study areas of pollination research and reproductive ecology, directly related to Darwin's ideas on evolution, and supported his view that natural selection led to a variety of forms through the important benefits achieved by cross-fertilisation. Although the general public showed less interest and sales of the book were low, it established Darwin as a leading botanist. "Orchids" was the first in a series of books on his innovative investigations into plants.
The book describes how the relationship between insects and plants resulted in the beautiful and complex forms which natural theology attributed to a grand designer. By showing how practical adaptations develop from cumulative minor variations of parts of the flowers to suit new purposes, Darwin countered the prevailing view that beautiful organisms were the handiwork of a Creator. Darwin's painstaking observations, experiments, and detailed dissection of the flowers explained previously unknown features such as the puzzle of "Catasetum", which had been thought to have three completely different species of flowers on the same plant. In addition, they produced testable predictions including his then-controversial proposal that the long nectary of "Angraecum sesquipedale" meant that there must be a moth with an equally long proboscis. This was confirmed in 1903 when "Xanthopan morgani praedicta" was found in Madagascar.
Background.
Charles Darwin grew up with an interest in natural history, and as a student at the University of Cambridge he became a pupil and close friend of botany professor John Stevens Henslow. The year he graduated, Darwin was given a supernumerary position as a gentleman naturalist and geologist on the second voyage of HMS "Beagle", a trip that lasted five years. By the time he returned in October 1836, he had doubts about the doctrine that species were fixed and unchanging. Within months, experts informed him that specimens he had collected were separate species, not just varieties, and the patterns he saw inspired the inception of his theory of natural selection in 1838. Darwin began editing and publishing the expert reports, collected in the "Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle", at the same time as writing a series of books on geology, the first of which was "The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs". His "species work" was his "prime hobby", a background to this writing, but it evolved into an extensive research programme during the twenty years before he published his theory.
Insect fertilisation of plants.
Darwin's speculations on the origin of species convinced him that cross-fertilisation played an important role in keeping specific forms consistent. He rejected the doctrine that the characteristics of a species were static, and was aware from animal husbandry that inbreeding could lead to changes, often deleterious. He thought that natural outbreeding through cross-fertilisation would keep wild species homogenous yet vigorous. Cross-fertilisation would confer an evolutionary advantage by spreading favourable changes throughout a reproductive community. His ideas were contrary to the common supposition that plants were usually self-fertilising, and so every summer Darwin investigated the contribution of insect pollination to the cross-pollination of flowers.
In the summer of 1841 Charles and Emma Darwin moved from the turmoil of London to the countryside, to Down House, a quiet former parsonage in the village of Downe. He wrote, "The flowers are here very beautiful". Darwin followed the recommendation of his friend, the leading botanist Robert Brown, and read "Das entdeckte Geheimnis der Natur im Bau und in der Befruchtung der Blumen" ("The Secret of Nature in the Form and Fertilisation of Flowers Discovered"). The little known book, published in 1793 by Christian Konrad Sprengel but never translated into English, introduced the idea that flowers were created by God to fulfill a teleological purpose: insects would act as "living brushes" to cross-fertilise plants in a symbiotic relationship. This functional view was rejected and mostly forgotten, as it contradicted the common belief that flowers had been created for beauty, and were generally self-fertilising. For Darwin, the concept of evolution gave new meaning to Sprengel's research into the mechanisms for cross-fertilisation. He welcomed its support for his supposition that cross-fertilisation in flowering plants tended to allow their offspring to avoid possible disadvantages resulting from self-fertilisation, and by 1845 he had verified many of Sprengel's observations.
A favourite walk took the Darwin family to a spot above the quiet Cudham valley, teeming with orchids including "Cephalanthera", "Neottia", Fly Orchids and Musk Orchids. They called this place "Orchis Bank", and the whole family became involved in Darwin's researches. Darwin observed orchids every summer, but in twenty years, only on two occasions (when he noticed butterflies "sucking "O. pyramidalis" and "Gymnadenia"") did he see insects visiting flowers.
In 1854, Darwin began to work full-time on the origin of species. He examined orchids and counted how often one or both pollinia (pollen masses) had been removed from their flowers, indicating that they had been visited by insects. He experimented with insect pollination to investigate whether, by cross-fertilising field crops such as Fabaceae, they would yield more vigorous offspring, and published letters about his inconclusive results in "The Gardeners' Chronicle" in 1857 and 1858. He next applied Sprengel's methods to empirical research on orchids.</ref> Despite delays caused by recurring illness, he made progress on writing his planned "Big Book" on evolution, but when Alfred Russel Wallace's letter prompted joint publication of both of their theories of natural selection in 1858, Darwin quickly wrote "On the Origin of Species" as an abstract of his theory, published on 22 November 1859. In this book, he gave credence to Sprengel's ideas on the advantages of "intercrossing", and noted: "Many of our orchidaceous plants absolutely require the visits of moths to remove their pollen masses and thus to fertilise them". He introduced his new concept, the process of coevolution, describing the co-adaptation of bumblebees and red clover, and speculating "how a flower and a bee might slowly become, either simultaneously or one after the other, modified and adapted in the most perfect manner to each other, by the continued preservation of individuals presenting mutual and slightly favourable deviations of structure". This was a theme he developed in his orchid book.
Botany as recreation.
After "On the Origin of Species" was published, Darwin became involved in producing revised editions as well as working on "Variation of Animals and Plants Under Domestication" as the first part of his planned "Big Book". By the spring of 1860 he had tired of the grind of writing, and needed something fresh and interesting to study. During a family visit to relatives at Hartfield, he was searching for orchids when he noticed a sundew. He collected it and tried to feed it insects, thus beginning a long-term study of insectivorous plants. He investigated other botanical questions raised by his ideas of natural selection, including the advantages of sexual dimorphism in primulas, and the adaptive mechanisms that ensure cross-pollination in orchids. As an enthusiastic practical scientist, such investigations gave him a strong sense of personal enjoyment. He relished pitting his wits against nature, and following lucky hunches. His theory was a way of looking at the world, enabling him to find creative solutions to problems that traditional approaches could not solve. He later wrote, "I am like a gambler, & love a wild experiment."
Around the end of April 1860, Darwin discussed insect pollination with his friend Joseph Dalton Hooker, and mentioned the bee orchid. Darwin corresponded with Hooker's assistant Daniel Oliver, the senior curator at Kew Gardens, who became a follower of Darwin's ideas. At the start of June, Darwin wrote to "The Gardeners' Chronicle" asking for readers' observations on how bee or fly orchids were fertilised. His letter described the mechanisms for insect fertilisation he had discovered in common British orchids, and reported his experimental observations that pollen masses were removed from "Orchis morio" and "Orchis mascula" plants in the open, but left in their pouches in adjacent plants under a glass bell jar. He wrote to American botanist Asa Gray that he had been "so struck with admiration at the contrivances, that I have sent notice to Gardeners Chronicle", and made similar enquiries of other experts.
Darwin became engrossed in meticulous microscopic examination, tracing the complicated mechanisms of flowers that attracted insects by their nectar so that the insects transported pollen to cross-pollinate other plants, and on 19 July he told Hooker, "I am intensely interested on subject, just as at a game of chess." In September, he "dissected with the greatest interest" and wrote, "The contrivances for insect fertilisation in Orchids are multiform & truly wonderful & beautiful." By October, he had "a large mass of notes with many new facts", but set them aside "convinced that I ought to work on "Variation" & not amuse myself with interludes".
Research and draft.
During 1861, botany became a preoccupation for Darwin, and his projects became serious scientific pursuits. He continued his study of orchids throughout the summer, writing to anyone who might be able to supply specimens he had not yet examined. Field naturalists, botanists, and country gentry sent specimens from across the British Isles. Darwin also tramped around the countryside with tin cans and biscuit boxes, collecting specimens which his gardeners potted up for him. His family joined in, and neighbours contributed to the research. As he had only a cold greenhouse, a friend on the other side of the village who had a hot-house allowed him to use that, and offered the services of his gardener to look after the delicate specimens. Darwin's aim was to show how the complex structures and life cycles of the plants could be explained by natural selection rather than by the handiwork of God; he saw the huge variety of flowers as a collection of "ad hoc" evolutionary adaptations. In June he described his examination of bee orchids as a passion, and his findings on insect fertilisation of orchids as "beautiful facts".
There were several replies to Darwin's enquiry in "The Gardeners' Chronicle" seeking evidence to support his idea that pollen masses attached themselves to a convenient place on an insect's back or head, usually its proboscis, to transport the pollen to another flower. One envelope appeared to be empty when it arrived at Down House, but when he looked further before discarding it he found several insect mouthparts with pollen masses attached. To help their daughter Henrietta convalesce from illness, the Darwins arranged to spend two months in Torquay. Darwin wrote:
He sought advice on obtaining the exotic South American "Catasetum", to see it eject pollen masses, as "I am got intensely interested on subject & think I understand pretty well all the British species." They went to Torquay on 1 July, and Darwin began writing his Orchid paper. By 10 August, he feared his paper would run "to 100 M.S. folio pages!!! The beauty of the adaptations of parts seems to me unparalleled ... I marvel often as I think over the diversity & perfection of the contrivances."
The family returned to Downe on 27 August, and Darwin again wrote to the "Gardeners' Chronicle" appealing for assistance as he was "very anxious to examine a few exotic forms". His requests to the wealthy enthusiasts who had taken up the fashionable pursuit of growing rare orchids brought large numbers of specimens. These would be a test of his theory: previously aspects such as coloration of plants and animals had often been regarded as having no adaptive function. For example, Thomas Henry Huxley was strongly influenced by German idealism and in 1856 had asked if it was "to be supposed for a moment that the beauty of colour and outline ... are any "good" to the animals? ... Who has ever dreamed of finding an utilitarian purpose in the forms and colours of flowers ... ?" Darwin had, and in the orchids he tackled the most difficult case. His ideas would transform the way naturalists thought about coloration.
The completed Orchis paper came to 140 folio pages, and Darwin decided against presenting it at the Linnean Society of London, thinking of publishing a pamphlet instead. He offered the draft to John Murray who agreed to publish it as a book. Although Darwin feared a lack of public interest, he hoped it would serve to "illustrate how Natural History may be worked under the belief of the modification of Species". In discussions with Asa Gray about natural theology, he wrote that "it really seems to me incredibly monstrous to look at an orchid as created as we now see it. Every part reveals modification on modification."
As a popular and acceptable activity, botany had been taken up by many middle class ladies, and Darwin included these botany enthusiasts in his correspondence. On the recommendation of John Lindley, Darwin wrote to Lady Dorothy Nevill, who responded generously by sending numerous exotic orchids, and requested a signed photograph of him to hang in her sitting room next to portraits of her other notable friends, including Hooker.
Linnean Society paper.
The orchid book was delayed because of illness, but Darwin continued to "look at it as a hobby-horse, which has given me great pleasure to ride". He was particularly astounded by the long spur of the "Angraecum sesquipedale" flowers, one of the orchids sent by the distinguished horticulturist James Bateman, and wrote to Hooker "Good Heavens what insect can suck it[?]"
By November, a specimen of the exotic South American "Catasetum" orchid Hooker had given to Darwin had shown its "truly marvellous" mechanism, by which it shot out a pollinium at any insect touching a part of the flower "with sticky gland always foremost". This plant had astonished botanists in 1836 when Robert Hermann Schomburgk stated that he had seen one plant growing three distinct flowers which usually grew separately and had wrongly been categorised as three distinct genera, namely "Catasetum tridentatum", "Monachanthus viridis", and "Myanthus barbatus". John Lindley had remarked that "such cases shake to the foundation all our ideas of the stability of genera and species." One of Darwin's correspondents told of delight at growing a beautiful specimen of "Myanthus barbatus" imported from Demerara, then dismay when the plant flowered the next year as a simple "Catasetum".
In view of this interest, Darwin prepared a paper on "Catasetum" as an extract from his forthcoming book, which was read to the Linnean Society of London on 3 April 1862. Darwin solved the puzzle by showing that the three flowers were the male, female, and hermaphrodite forms of a single species, but as they differed so much from each other, they had been classified as different genera.
Publication.
Darwin sent the incomplete manuscript to his publisher John Murray on 9 February 1862, while he was still working on the last chapter. Although anxious that the book might not sell, he could "say with confidence that the M.S. contains many new & very curious facts & conclusions". When the book was printed, he sent out presentation copies to all the individuals and societies who had helped him with his investigations, and to eminent botanists in Britain and abroad for review.
On 15 May 1862 the book was published under the full title of "On the various contrivances by which British and foreign orchids are fertilised by insects, and on the good effects of intercrossing". In August, Darwin was "well contented with the sale of 768 copies; I shd. hope & expect that the remainder will ultimately be sold", but the book sold slowly and less than 2,000 copies of the first edition were printed. An expanded edition translated into French was published in Paris in 1870, and in 1877 Murray brought out a revised and expanded second edition, with the shortened title "The various contrivances by which orchids are fertilised by insects". This was also published by D. Appleton & Company of New York in 1877, and a German translation was published in the same year. Despite being well praised by botanists, only about 6,000 copies of the English editions had been sold by 1900.
Content.
Darwin set out a detailed study of common descent with modifications by expanding on the theme of coevolution between local populations of insects and flowering plants that he had briefly discussed in "On the Origin of Species". He examined numerous ways in which orchids vary, showing how they had diverged and developed specialised pollen-dispersal mechanisms. The intricate morphology and anatomy of each flower was carefully described. Apparently trivial details were examined in relation to natural selection to demonstrate how slight variations in similar structures of closely related flowers led to specialised modifications that provided various pollinators (insects) with different ways to cross-fertilise. The mass of descriptive detail was a great achievement, but the result is demanding to read.
In the introduction, Darwin explained his aim of meeting complaints that detailed support for his theory was lacking in "On the Origin of Species". He chose orchids for his subject as "amongst the most singular and most modified forms in the vegetable kingdom" in the hope of inspiring work on other species, and felt that "the study of organic beings may be as interesting to an observer who is fully convinced that the structure of each is due to secondary laws, as to one who views every trifling detail of structure as the result of the direct interposition of the Creator." He gave due credit to previous authors who had described the agency of insects in fertilising orchids, and all who had helped him.
British orchids.
In the first chapter Darwin described the British orchids he had studied, giving detailed explanations of their various mechanisms for transferring pollen to insects. The first mechanism described is that of "Orchis mascula", which serves as an introduction to the explanation of other Orchidaceae. In the upper part of the flower a petal shelters the male organ which has two packages of pollen grains, held together by thin elastic threads. These pollen masses stand side by side and have stalks down to adhesive balls in a cup which keeps them moist and sticky. When an insect lands on the large projecting lower petal, the labellum, and pushes its head and proboscis into the centre of the flower and down to the nectary, it breaks the cup and the adhesive balls attach the pollen masses to the front of the insect. As the insect flies off, each stalk rotates the pollen mass downwards and forwards so that when the insect lands on another flower the pollen masses attached to the insect pass under the male organ and leave pollen on the female organ, achieving cross fertilisation. Darwin envisaged:
This is followed by descriptions of the differences in the mechanisms of several other orchids. In "Orchis pyramidalis", the adhesive balls are combined together into a strap or saddle shape, which curls round the thin proboscis of a moth or butterfly to attach to it the pair of pollen masses, illustrated in the book by figure 4 showing a moth's head with seven pairs of pollen masses attached to its proboscis.
While the bee orchid showed adaptation for self-fertilisation, its mechanism also enabled occasional cross-fertilisation, creating the biological diversity that Darwin felt was needed for vigorous survival, which could not be provided by self-fertilisation. As an example of "how beautifully everything is contrived", Darwin described how he had found that in "Spiranthes" flowers the pollen is ready for collection before access is open for the female organ to receive pollen. At Torquay he had watched bees visiting spires of these flowers, starting at the bottom of the spire and working their way up to the topmost flowers. He speculated that if bees moved from top to top of the spires, the pollen clusters they collected from the most recently opened flowers would be wasted as the topmost flowers on the next spike would not be ready to receive pollen. A bee starting at the lowest flowers on the first spire it visited would continue up until it reached flowers that still had their pollen masses to attach to the bee, then would fly to the mature lower flowers on another plant, and fertilise them. By this co-ordinated process, the bee would add "to her store of honey" while perpetuating the flowers "which will yield honey to future generations of bees".
Exotic orchids.
The book moves on to the various foreign orchids Darwin had received from others. His experiments showed that the "astonishing length" of the 11 inch (290 mm) long nectary hanging from "Angraecum sesquipedale" flowers implied the need for an as yet unknown moth with a proboscis 10–11 inches (250–275 mm) long to pollinate these flowers in Madagascar. He viewed this as the outcome of a coevolutionary race, writing that "there has been a race in gaining length between the nectary of the Angræcum and the proboscis of certain moths". This wastefulness is familiar in modern terms as the idea of an evolutionary arms race, but was disturbing to biologists of the time who believed that adaptations were the outcome of benevolent divine purpose.
Darwin described "the most remarkable of all Orchids", "Catasetum", and showed how in these flowers, "as throughout nature, pre-existing structures and capacities been utilised for new purposes". He explained the mechanism in which the pollen masses of the pollinium were connected by a bent stalk or pedicel to a sticky disc kept moist at the back of the flower. When an insect touched an "antenna" projecting from the back of the flower, this released the bent pedicel which sprang straight and fired the pollinium, sticky disc first, at the insect. In experiments, Darwin had imitated this action using a whalebone spring. He vividly illustrated how the flower ejected the pollinium with considerable force: "I touched the antennæ of C. callosum whilst holding the flower at about a yard's distance from the window, and the pollinium hit the pane of glass, and adhered to the smooth vertical surface by its adhesive disc."
Final chapter.
Darwin noted that the essential nectar, secreted to attract insects, seemed also in some cases to act as an excretion: "It is in perfect accordance with the scheme of nature, as worked out by natural selection, that matter excreted to free the system from superfluous or injuring substances should be utilised for purposes of the highest importance." Homologies of the flowers of orchids showed them all to be based on "fifteen groups of vessels, arranged three within three, in alternating order". He disparaged the idea that this was an "ideal type" fixed by the Omnipotent Creator, but attributed it instead to its "descent from some monocotyledonous plant, which, like so many other plants of the same division, possessed fifteen organs, arranged alternately three within three in five whorls; and that the now wonderfully changed structure of the flower is due to a long course of slow modification,—each modification having been preserved which was useful to each plant, during the incessant changes to which the organic and the inorganic world has been exposed".
Describing the final end state of the whole flower cycle as the production of seed, he set out a simple experiment in which he took a ripe seed capsule and arranged the seeds in a line, then counted the seeds in one-tenth of an inch (2.5 mm). By multiplication he found that each plant produced enough seeds to plant of ground, and the great grandchildren of a single plant could "carpet the entire surface of the land throughout the globe" if unchecked.
In conclusion, he felt that the book had "shown that Orchids exhibit an almost endless diversity of beautiful adaptations. When this or that part has been spoken of as contrived for some special purpose, it must not be supposed that it was originally always formed for this sole purpose. The regular course of events seems to be, that a part which originally served for one purpose, by slow changes becomes adapted for widely different purposes."
He was almost exasperated by the inventiveness of forms in nature; "In my examination of Orchids, hardly any fact has so much struck me as the endless diversity of structure,—the prodigality of resources,—for gaining the very same end, namely, the fertilisation of one flower by the pollen of another." His focus on detail was justified, as "The use of each trifling detail of structure is far from a barren search to those who believe in natural selection." The "contrivances and beautiful adaptations" slowly acquired through slight variations, subjected to natural selection "under the complex and ever-varying conditions of life", far transcended the most fertile imagination. The mechanisms to transport the pollen of one flower or of one plant to another flower or plant underlined the importance of cross-fertilisation: "For may we not further infer as probable, in accordance with the belief of the vast majority of the breeders of our domestic productions, that marriage between near relatives is likewise in some way injurious,—that some unknown great good is derived from the union of individuals which have been kept distinct for many generations?"
Reception.
Botanists responded favourably to the book immediately on its publication. Hooker told Darwin that the book showed him to be "out of sight the best Physiological observer & experimenter that Botany ever saw", and was glad to note that two leading traditional botanists had accepted the concept of evolution; "Bentham & Oliver are quite struck up in a heap with your book & delighted beyond expression". Daniel Oliver thought it "very extraordinary", and even Darwin's old beetle-hunting rival Charles Babington, by then professor of botany at the University of Cambridge and inclined to oppose natural selection, called it "exceedingly interesting and valuable ... highly satisfactory in all respects. The results are most curious and the skill shown in discovering them equally so." George Bentham praised its value in opening "a new field for observing the wonderful provisions of Nature ... a new and unexpected track to guide us in the explanation of phenomena which had before that appeared so irreconcilable with the ordinary prevision and method shown in the organised world."
The book's success in botanical circles was enhanced following Bentham's public endorsement. In his presidential address to the Linnean Society on 24 May 1862, Bentham praised the book as exemplifying the biological method, and said that it had nearly overcome his opposition to the "Origin". In his address in 1863 he stated that "Mr Darwin has shown how changes "may" take place", and described it as "an unimpeachable example of a legitimate hypothesis" in compliance with John Stuart Mill's scientific method. This endorsement favourably influenced Miles Joseph Berkeley, Charles Victor Naudin, Alphonse Pyramus de Candolle, Jean Louis Quatrefages, and Charles Daubeny.
In June 1862, Darwin welcomed favourable reviews in the press and wrote to Hooker; "Well my orchis-book is a success (but I do not know whether it sells) after cursing my folly in writing it". He told his publisher, "The Botanists praise my Orchid-book to the skies", and to Asa Gray he said, "I am fairly astonished at the success of my book with botanists." Darwin's geologist friend Charles Lyell gave it enthusiastic praise: "next to the "Origin", as the most valuable of all Darwin's works." However, the book attracted little attention from the general public, and in September Darwin told his cousin Fox, "Hardly any one not a botanist, except yourself, as far as I know, has cared for it." The book baffled a general public more interested in controversy over gorillas and cavemen. There were some reviews in gardening magazines, but few natural philosophers or zoologists noticed the book, and hardly any learned appraisals appeared.
Theological responses.
Although the book contradicted the prevailing natural theology and its teleological approach to design in nature, the "Saturday Review" thought that it would avoid the angry polemics aroused by "On the Origin of Species". The "Literary Churchman" welcomed "Mr. Darwin's expression of admiration at the contrivances in orchids", only complaining that it was too indirect a way of saying "O Lord, how manifold are Thy works!" (Psalm 104:24) Darwin regarded these theological views as irritating misunderstandings, but wrote to Asa Gray describing his approach as a "flank movement on the enemy". By showing that the "wonderful contrivances" of the orchid have discoverable evolutionary histories, Darwin was countering claims by natural theologians that the organisms were examples of the perfect work of the Creator.
There was considerable controversy surrounding Darwin's prediction that a moth would be found in Madagascar with a long proboscis matching the nectary of "Angraecum sesquipedale". An anonymous article in the "Edinburgh Review" of October 1862 by George Campbell, 8th Duke of Argyll, argued that Darwin's wording implied purpose, and concluded that "We know, too, that these purposes and ideas are not our own, but the ideas and purposes of Another." He considered Darwin's explanations the "most unsatisfactory conjectures", and raised obscure metaphysical objections while supporting a kind of creative evolutionism. Emma Darwin thought that although Argyll was "quite opposed" to Darwin's views, "he praises the "Orchids" in such an enthusiastic way that he will do it a good turn". Darwin was delighted to find that a well written article "smashing" Argyll's review was by one of Darwin's own nephews.
Argyll went on in his 1867 book "The Reign of Law" to cleverly ridicule Darwin's ideas, particularly the prediction of a moth in Madagascar with a proboscis 10–11 inches (250–275 mm) long. He believed that adaptations showed divine purpose, not a mindless evolutionary arms race. In his response "Creation by Law" later that year, Alfred Russel Wallace produced a detailed explanation of how the nectary could have evolved through natural selection, and stated that he had carefully measured moths in the British Museum, finding that the proboscis of "Macrosila cluentius" from South America was 9 inches (235 mm) long, and the proboscis of "Macrosila morganii" from tropical Africa (since renamed "Xanthopan morgani") was 7 inches (190 mm) long. An enquiry raised in 1873 was answered by Darwin's friend Hermann Müller, who stated that his brother Fritz Müller had caught a sphinx moth in Brazil with a proboscis nearly long. Darwin's anticipation was fully met in 1903, when a subspecies of "Xanthopan morgani" was found in Madagascar with a proboscis about 12 inches (300 mm) long, and was named "Xanthopan morgani praedicta" to celebrate this verification of a testable prediction made by Darwin on the basis of his theory of natural selection.
Influence.
Michael Ghiselin has expressed the view that all studies of coevolution follow directly or indirectly from Darwin's orchid book, which was also the origin of all work on the evolution of extreme specialisation. Its publication led almost immediately to research by many other naturalists into specialisation and coevolution, in some cases analysing other taxa. In his autobiography, Darwin modestly recalled how this work had revived interest in Christian Konrad Sprengel's neglected ideas:
Among the many prominent biologists who began research on coevolution, Hermann Müller was particularly interested in the evolutionary sequence in which insects and flowers became adapted to each other. Like Darwin, he began with the premise that flowers were adapted to ensure cross-fertilisation, and added his own premise that most insects were not "limited by hereditary instinct to particular flowers". On this basis, he developed the view that specialisation develops from the need for flowers to attract pollinating insects (without making access too easy for non-pollinators), and from the evolution of pollinators to adapt to changes in the location of rewards such as nectar. He found that Alpine flowers tended to be visited by bees at lower altitudes, and by butterflies at higher altitudes, beginning research on the idea that plants at different altitudes were specialised for different pollinators. By comparing related plant species that he thought had diverged in form from a common ancestor, and testing whether they were visited by butterflies or bees, he was the first to use a combination of morphological and ecological approaches to understand patterns in the evolution of interactions and specialisation. His brother Fritz Müller used similar methods when studying mimicry in Brazil. The early development of ideas on specialisation and coevolution became increasingly focused on the problem of mimicry; Henry Walter Bates had initially raised this issue in a paper read to the Linnean Society of London in December 1861 in Darwin's presence, and published in November 1862.
Others basing their studies of reproductive ecology on Darwin's evolutionary approach included Friedrich Hildebrand and Severin Axell in Europe, Asa Gray and Charles Robertson in North America. In Italy, Federigo Delpino adopted the theory of descent but like Sprengel had a teleological approach and explained the mechanisms of flowers by the intervention of a "psychovitalistic intelligence". Delpino classified flowers on the basis of the pollinators they attracted, and coined many of the terms still in use such as pollination syndrome and ornithophily. There was an enormous increase in knowledge during this period. In 1874, Asa Gray paid tribute to Darwin's work on orchids for explaining "all these and other extraordinary structures, as well as of the arrangement of blossoms in general, and even the very meaning and need of sexual propagation". He credited Darwin with establishing the understanding that "Nature abhors close fertilization".
By the end of the 19th century, there were so many uncritical and unproven speculations about floral mechanisms that floral ecology became discredited. In the 1920s, it was revived with further developments in detailed analyses of insects' senses, led by researchers Frederic Clements, Karl von Frisch and others. Their experiments resulted in new information, including the discovery that some insects have ultraviolet vision, and findings involving bee learning and communication. Modern floral ecology has been reinvigorated by its relevance for evolutionary studies.
Further research by Darwin.
Darwin had "found the study of orchids eminently useful in showing me how nearly all parts of the flower are coadapted for fertilisation by insects, & therefore the result of n. selection,—even most trifling details of structure". His own interest in orchids and in fertilisation of plants by insects continued. Darwin had been given the use of a hot-house at The Rookery on the other side of the village, and at the end of 1862 he was persuaded by this neighbour's helpful gardener to have his own built at Down House as an extension to the existing cold lean-to greenhouse. The gardener drew up plans, and Darwin investigated stoves and ventilation devices. When it was completed in February 1863 he asked Hooker for some plants from Kew Gardens, writing "I long to stock it, just like a school-boy", and sent his butler with a cart. When over 160 different plants were delivered, Darwin made apologetic remarks about depleting the national collection. He told Hooker "You cannot imagine what pleasure your plants give me ... Henrietta & I go & gloat over them." Darwin's life was changed by having a warm hothouse to spend time in before his walk round the Sandwalk, and in the 1870s he had several more hothouses built. The children later remembered this routine and the gardeners attending to Darwin's experimental plants, as well as the way that Darwin used simple equipment for his experiments, dissecting and measuring plants and seeds.
A chance observation "thoroughly aroused" Darwin's attention to a surprising decrease in vigour of the offspring of "Linaria vulgaris" following only one instance of self-fertilisation, and after eleven years of experimental work he published "The Effects of Cross and Self Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom" in 1876 as "a complement to the 'Fertilisation of Orchids,' because it shows how important are the results of cross-fertilisation which are ensured by the mechanisms described in that book." He told a friend "I cannot endure doing nothing", and resumed his work on orchids, assisted in his research by his son Francis Darwin. He corresponded about orchids with Fritz Müller, and almost completely rewrote the book with a considerable amount of new material, much of which was contributed by Müller. The revised edition was published in 1877.
Francis Darwin described it as characteristic that his father delighted in the observations that preceded the publication of "Fertilisation of Orchids", not the applause which followed it. He quoted one of his father's last letters about orchids, written in 1880:
Commemoration of Darwin's work on orchids.
Kent Wildlife Trust manages Downe Bank, which is near Down House and was a favourite place of the Darwin family, who called it 'Orchis Bank' because of the many wild orchids which grew there. It is now part of the 'Downe Bank and High Elms' Site of Special Scientific Interest. Darwin's observations of local orchids and their insect pollinators gave him the evidence for co-evolution which provided the basis for the "Fertilisation of Orchids"." Experts have identified "Orchis Bank" as the species-rich setting encapsulated in the closing paragraph of "On the Origin of Species", in which Darwin wrote:
Darwin's home and its surroundings, including specifically "Orchis Bank", have been called his landscape laboratory, and together were nominated in January 2009 for designation as a World Heritage Site. The bid was made by a partnership led by the London Borough of Bromley, which now includes Downe. It was included in the 39 proposed properties, but was not in the 21 new sites selected for the list.
The influence of Darwin's work was commemorated in the Smithsonian Institution's 15th Annual Orchid Show, "Orchids Through Darwin's Eyes", 24 January to 26 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21436177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436177" title="Lost Channels">
Lost Channels

Lost Channels is the fourth studio album by Canadian folk rock band Great Lake Swimmers, released on March 31, 2009. It was recorded in the Thousand Islands area near the New York–Ontario border and features several guest appearances by other artists, including Serena Ryder, Bob Egan (of Blue Rodeo), Erin Aurich (of A Northern Chorus) and Paul Aucoin (of The Hylozoists).
Background and recording.
Great Lake Swimmers, who are "notorious" for their unconventional recording locations, recorded "Lost Channels" in a variety of locations in and around the Thousand Islands, including Singer Castle near Hammond, New York. The band was originally invited to the Thousand Islands area by Ian Coristine, a historian and aerial photographer from the area, after he heard the band on Stuart McLean's radio program "The Vinyl Cafe". When Dekker and the band were prepared to record a new album, they accepted Coristine's invitation and asked him if there were any "interesting spaces in the area"; one of these suggested locations was Singer Castle. Despite a tight schedule and what Dekker called a "very limited amount of time and limited resources", part of the band managed to travel to the castle by boat and record the vocals and acoustic instruments for several tracks. Though most of the songs were already written by then, Dekker tried to "incorporate the mood and the imagery of the surroundings" and "capture a little bit of the energy of the place" into his songs; the track "Singer Castle Bells" actually consists entirely of the castle's hourly chimes. This incorporation was noted by Sarah Liss of the CBC, who wrote that "he delicately layered banjo plucking and resonant Hammond organs that surge on the jubilant chorus of 'Pulling on a Line' draw you right into the room where the song was recorded."
The album itself is named for the Lost Channel, a spot in the Thousand Islands photographed by Coristine where a British naval boat with a crew of fourteen mysteriously vanished on August 14, 1760, because the band had "spent so much time the area, and made such an effort to record there". In addition to Singer Castle, the band also recorded in several locations in Ontario: the Brockville Arts Centre in Brockville, St. Brendan's Church in Rockport, the House of Miracles in London, Halla in Toronto, and the Lincoln County Social Club in Toronto.
Dekker has explained in concert that "Concrete Heart" was written for a project in which various Canadian musicians were asked to write songs about Toronto architecture, and "The Chorus in the Underground" was written about a concert by Canadian indie rock band A Northern Chorus.
Reception.
"Lost Channels" was called a "beautiful" album by both "Uptown" and "The Georgia Straight" and "pleasantly inoffensive and well-constructed" by "Toro". The band's sound was compared to "the jangly folk-pop of Fleet Foxes hushed intimacy of Iron & Wine".
A reviewer at the CBC praised the album as being the group's best, saying:
The album was a shortlist nominee for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="21436199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436199" title="Sektenmuzik">
Sektenmuzik

Sektenmuzik is a Berlin Independent record label formed by the rappers Sido and B-Tight.
History.
Sektenmuzik was founded at the end of 2006 and beginning of 2007 by Sido and B-Tight, AKA A.i.d.S.. The duo was formed from the rap crew "Die Sekte", which has been active since 1998. It includes Sido, B-Tight, Rhymin Simon and Vokalmatador.
Artists.
The following artists are signed to Sektenmuzik:
The following artists are members of Die Sekte, but are signed to another label:

</doc>
<doc id="21436203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436203" title="Alexander Boksenberg">
Alexander Boksenberg

Alexander Boksenberg CBE FRS (born 17 March 1936) is a British scientist. He won the 1999 Hughes Medal of the Royal Society "for his landmark discoveries concerning the nature of active galactic nuclei, the physics of the intergalactic medium and of the interstellar gas in primordial galaxies. He is noted also for his exceptional contributions to the development of astronomical instrumentation including the Image Photon Counting System, a revolutionary electronic area detector for the detection of faint sources, which gave a major impetus to optical astronomy in the United Kingdom".

</doc>
<doc id="21436204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436204" title="SSFCU">
SSFCU

SSFCU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21436215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436215" title="Wirich von Gartzen">
Wirich von Gartzen

Wirich von Gartzen (20 August 1909 – 4 December 1993) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21436251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436251" title="For the World">
For the World

For the World is the first Japan mini-album by Korean hip-hop group Big Bang. The mini-album contains eight English songs with hip-hop, dance, and soul elements, co-composed and written by band member G-Dragon. The album charted on Oricon at the 10th place.

</doc>
<doc id="21436253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436253" title="Andrew Lang (physicist)">
Andrew Lang (physicist)

Andrew Richard Lang FRS CBE (9 February 1924 – 30 June 2008) was a British scientist and crystallographer.
He was born in St Annes-on-Sea, Lancashire, UK. He obtained a First-Class Honours London External BSc in Physics at Exeter in 1944, a London External MSc in 1947 and a Cambridge PhD in 1953. 
He worked in industrial research in the UK for Lever Brothers and Unilever Ltd and in the USA for Philips Laboratories, Irvington-on-Hudson, New York. He was Assistant Professor of Physical Metallurgy at Harvard University (1954–1959) before moving to a Lectureship in Physics at the University of Bristol in 1960. He spent the remainder of his career in Bristol, gaining promotion to Reader in 1966 and to Professor of Physics in 1979. He retired in 1987.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1975. His candidature read ""Dr. A. R. Lang has made valuable contributions to X-ray crystallography in general, especially in original developments of instrumental method which combine economy with precision; and most notably in developing the technique of X-ray topography which is the method of choice for observing the internal imperfections of highly perfect crystals. Being applicable to specimens of a convenient size for investigation by a variety of other means, this method is a powerful adjunct to experimental techniques in the physics and chemistry of the solid state. The same work furnishes experimental material from which Lang and his collaborators have been able to verify, extend, and place on a more directly observational basis the dynamical theory of X-ray diffraction. Important innovations in this earlier work were the adaptation and development of the X-ray proportional counter with pulse-height discrimination for use with X-ray diffraction. And his methods of X-ray diffracted beam monochromatization. Among his recent achievements are the observation by X-ray diffraction of internal magnetic domains, the determination of the relative phases of distinct X-ray reflexions from one crystal, and the production of X-ray Moire fringes between separate crystal slices."" 
He won the 1997 Hughes Medal of the Royal Society ""for his fundamental work on X-ray diffraction physics and for his developments of the techniques of X-ray topography, in particular in studying defects in crystal structures"".

</doc>
<doc id="21436254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436254" title="Tales of the Red Caboose">
Tales of the Red Caboose

Tales of the Red Caboose was a short-lived primetime television series that aired on the American Broadcasting Company television network, premiering 29 October 1948 and running for 2 1/2 months. 
Production background.
The series was very basic television, consisting of a small children's model trains going around various tracks. It was, in a sense, an early infomercial, as it was sponsored by Lionel Trains. 
The series was a complete failure, resulting in its quick cancellation after less than three months. The narrator, Don Magee, would tell stories about trains to accompany the visuals. The 15-minute show aired Fridays at 7:30pm ET.
Preservation status.
No recordings of the program are known to survive.

</doc>
<doc id="21436259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436259" title="Monster Rancher Explorer">
Monster Rancher Explorer

Monster Rancher Explorer is a Game Boy Color game released in 2000. It is a remake of Solomon's Key featuring some Monster Rancher characters.
Gameplay.
You control Cox, who must navigate through a series of levels in a tower. In certain levels you can unlock a bonus round, where you can capture a monster to aid you in the game. 
References.
http://gameboy.ign.com/objects/015/015386.html

</doc>
<doc id="21436295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436295" title="Kaštel Gomilica">
Kaštel Gomilica

Kaštel Gomilica is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The town of Kaštela.
The town of Kaštela is located on the coast of the Bay of Kaštela. It has over 40 000 inhabitants, and it is the second largest town in the Split and Dalmatia County. It stretches over the length of 17 kilometers.
The town is specific because of the fact that it developed around 7 settlements or around castles. Kaštel Gomilica is the second of 7 ""kaštels"", counting from East.
History.
Kaštel Gomilica was built in the first half of the 16th century by Benedictine nuns from Split, on the estate (Pustica) donated to them in 1078 by King Zvonimir of Croatia. They also consecrated the Romanesque church of Sts. Cosmas and Damian in 1160, and erected Catholic Monastery on a small island, that became today's Kaštilac.
Sport.
The town is home of GOŠK Adriachem, a soccer team previously called Jugovinil.

</doc>
<doc id="21436303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436303" title="ATryn">
ATryn

ATryn is the brand name of the anticoagulant antithrombin manufactured by the Massachusetts-based U.S. company GTC Biotherapeutics. It is made from the milk of goats that have been genetically modified to produce human antithrombin, a plasma protein with anticoagulant properties. Microinjection was used to insert human antithrombin genes into the cell nucleus of their embryos. ATryn is the first medicine produced using genetically engineered animals. GTC states that one genetically modified goat can produce the same amount of antithrombin in a year as 90,000 blood donations. GTC chose goats for the process because they reproduce more rapidly than cattle and produce more protein than rabbits or mice.
On February 6, 2009, ATryn was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of patients with hereditary antithrombin deficiency who are undergoing surgical or childbirth procedures. Along with the approval from the FDA's pharmaceutical regulatory board, the Center for Veterinary Medicine of the FDA also approved the genetic makeup of the goats that are used to manufacture ATryn. GTC has the sole rights to sell ATryn in the United States, and the drug is available in the U.S. market. Earlier in 2006, the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) initially rejected and, after an appeal from GTC, approved the drug for use in the European Union countries. 
According to Tom Newberry, the spokesperson for GTC, the company plans to acquire additional approval for treatment of those with non-hereditary antithrombin deficiency. 
The Humane Society of the United States has said of the process used to manufacture ATryn, "It is a mechanistic use of animals that seems to perpetuate the notion of their being merely tools for human use rather than sentient creatures." However, the genetic change has no known ill-effects on the host animal. 

</doc>
<doc id="21436306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436306" title="Kaštel Kambelovac">
Kaštel Kambelovac

Kaštel Kambelovac is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The town of Kaštela.
The town of Kaštela is located on the coast of the Bay of Kaštela. It has over 40 000 inhabitants, and it is the second largest town in the Split and Dalmatia County. It stretches over the length of 17 kilometers.
Our town is specific because of the fact that it developed around 7 settlements or around castles. Kaštel Kambelovac is third of 7 kastels from East.
History.
Kaštel Kambelovac was built by the aristo-cratic family Cambi from Split (1589). In 1517 noblemen and landowners from Split, brothers Jerolim and Nikola Cambi, built a castle on an islet to protect themselves and residents of Lažan and Kruševik settlements. The castle was cylindrically shaped (only one in Kaštela) and very suitable for defense. The citadel was surrounded by the sea but was later connected with the mainland by filling up and levelling.

</doc>
<doc id="21436313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436313" title="Antenna equivalent radius">
Antenna equivalent radius

The equivalent radius of an antenna conductor is defined as: 
formula_1
where formula_2 denotes the conductor's circumference, formula_3 is the length of the circumference, formula_4 and formula_5 are vectors locating points along the circumference, and formula_6 and formula_7 are differentials segments along it. The equivalent radius allows the use of analytical formulas or computational or experimental data derived for antennas constructed from small conductors with uniform, "circular" cross-sections to be applied in the analysis of antennas constructed from small conductors with uniform, "non-circular" cross-sections. Here "small" means the largest dimension of the cross-section is much less than the wavelength formula_8.
Formulas.
The following table lists equivalent radii for various conductor cross-sections derived assuming 1) all dimensions are much less than formula_8, 2) for cross-sections composed of multiple conductors, the distances between conductors are much greater than any single conductor dimension. The formula for the flat, infinitely thin conductor is a closed-form solution. Formulas for the square and triangular cross-sections follow from numerical evaluation of the double integral. 
Derivation.
The equivalent radius is derived by equating the average potential at the surface of a charged conductor of arbitrary cross-section with the electric potential on the surface of a charged cylinder.
Because a conductor's cross-section dimensions are small compared to the wavelength, the current distribution slowly varies along the conductor's length, charge is uniformly distributed along its circumference (owing to the skin effect) and the electric field is perpendicular to the surface. Furthermore, only the charge in a neighborhood around any point on the conductor significantly contributes to the electric potential at that point. Time dependence is ignored, as it may be incorporated by multiplying the current distribution by a time-varying sinusoid. These conditions imply that an electrostatic condition exists and that the geometry is, effectively, one of an infinitely long conductor with a constant surface charge density formula_10 (charge per area), thereby reducing a three-dimensional problem to a two-dimensional one.
First, consider the potential at a fixed point formula_5 on the circumference of the arbitrary cross-section. With the circumference divided into differential segments formula_6, the charge distribution may be approximated by placing a vertical line charge within each segment, each with a linear charge density of formula_13 (charge per length). It is well known that the potential of such a line charge is formula_14, where formula_15 is Coulomb’s constant. The potential at formula_5 is the sum of the potentials for all the strips, which is
formula_17
The average potential is then
formula_18
Now consider the case of cylinder with the same linear charge density as the conductor of arbitrary cross-section. It is also well known that the potential at any point on its surface, which is also equal its average potential, is 
formula_19
Equating formula_20 and formula_21 yields
formula_22
Exponentiation of both side leads to the formula for the equivalent radius.
The formula for the equivalent radius provides consistent results. If the conductor cross-section dimensions are scaled by a factor formula_23, the equivalent radius is scaled by formula_24. Also, the equivalent radius of a cylindrical conductor is equal to the radius of the conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="21436318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436318" title="Kaštel Lukšić">
Kaštel Lukšić

Kaštel Lukšić is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The town of Kaštela.
The town of Kaštela is located on the coast of the Bay of Kaštela. It has over 40 000 inhabitants, and it is the second largest town in the Split and Dalmatia County. It stretches over the length of 17 kilometers.
The town is specific because of the fact that it developed around 7 settlements or around castles. Kaštel Lukšić is fourth of 7 kastels from East.
History.
Kaštel Lukšić was built as a castle, by the aristocratic family Vitturi from Trogir, at the end of the 15th century. Kastel Luksic was originally renaissance residency with the inside yard and sea around, but later was connected with the mainland.

</doc>
<doc id="21436323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436323" title="Kaštel Novi">
Kaštel Novi

Kaštel Novi is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia. Its name means "New Castle".
The town of Kaštela.
The town of Kaštela is located on the coast of the Bay of Kaštela. It has over 40 000 inhabitants, and it is the second largest town in the Split and Dalmatia County. It stretches over the length of 17 kilometers.
Our town is specific because of the fact that it developed around 7 settlements or around castles. Kaštel Novi is sixth of 7 kastels from East.

</doc>
<doc id="21436328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436328" title="Kaštel Stari">
Kaštel Stari

Kaštel Stari is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela, in Dalmatia, Croatia. Its name means "Old Castle".

</doc>
<doc id="21436332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436332" title="El Prado (horse)">
El Prado (horse)

El Prado (1989–2009) was a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire. He was sired by Sadler's Wells, who was a fourteen-time Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland. Out of the mare, Lady Capulet, his damsire was Sir Ivor whose wins included the 1968 Epsom Derby, 2,000 Guineas Stakes, and Washington, D.C. International Stakes.
Bred by Lyonstown Stud in Cashel, County Tipperary, El Prado was raced by leading British horseman, Robert Sangster, and trained by Vincent O'Brien. Racing at age two, he won four of his six starts.. At age three, El Prado finished out of the money in all three starts.
As a sire.
Retired to stud duty, El Prado stood at Adena Springs in Midway, Kentucky. The Leading sire in North America in 2002, as of February 2009 he sired seventy-one stakes winners. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="21436338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436338" title="Sardinian regional election, 1974">
Sardinian regional election, 1974

The Sardinian regional election of 1974 took place on 16 June 1974.
After the election Giovanni Del Rio, a Christian Democrat, formed a government with the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. In 1976 Del Rio was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Pietro Soddu and the Socialists eventually left the government in 1978.
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and Istituto Cattaneo

</doc>
<doc id="21436350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436350" title="Old Pune–Mumbai Highway">
Old Pune–Mumbai Highway

The Old Pune–Mumbai Highway is a metropolitan highway serving the city of Pune, India. The highway begins at the centre of the city i.e. Shivaji Nagar and ends at Dehu Road. It runs through two municipal limits – Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, along with two cantonment board limits of Khadki and Dehu Road. Almost all sections of the highway are made up of concrete. It features 4-6 lanes in Pune municipal limits and 8-10 lanes in Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal limits. Its total length is around 27 kilometers and runs almost parallel to the railway line.
In 2004, the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation undertook a major task of widening the highway, within its limits. The highway was thrown open to traffic in 2008. It features 4 lanes in each direction (with express and service lanes segregated) and is mostly traffic light-free with 4 to 5 underpasses and 8 flyovers, including the double-decker flyover at Nashik highway junction. Many corporate offices and shopping complexes are located along this highway.
The Katraj-Dehu Road Bypass was intended to deal with traffic growth on the old highway, on which 400 people lost their lives each year.

</doc>
<doc id="21436353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436353" title="Kaštel Štafilić">
Kaštel Štafilić

Kaštel Štafilić is a town within the administrative area of Kaštela in Dalmatia, Croatia.
The oldest tree in Croatia, an olive tree estimated to be over 1,500 years old, is in Kaštela.
History.
The castle of the Štafilić family was built in 1508 by the Trogirian nobleman Stejpan Štafilić on an island, and later linked to the land with a movable bridge. The eighteenth-century parish church was built by Ignacije Macanović, as an elegant late Barroque single-naved edifice.

</doc>
<doc id="21436362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436362" title="OpenCU">
OpenCU

openCU is a cross-platform, open source implementation of CU-SeeMe, a video-conferencing protocol, written in C++.
While the SIP and H323 needs human intervention, it is not really recommended for large conferences.
openCU is made to close the gap between Multipoint Control Unit based expensive hardware solutions and proprietary, web-based subscription solutions like Adobe breeze (Macromedia Breeze) or Webex from Cisco.
openCU employs a conference control protocol that has proven to be quite robust and allows for the expression of detailed state regarding the relations of each conference participant to each other participant. In conjunction with a reflector software it allows for customized distribution of conference media, so that nothing is transmitted unless it is used. The protocol is limited in the size of the conference it can serve, but our investigations have shown that this can be extended. The video is encoded in an ad hoc format that was designed for a particular family of desktop machines that were widespread in the past. What it lacks in mathematical elegance, it makes up for in quickness. Comparison of Radvision Hardware MCU and CUSeeMe Networks Software MCU 
The client software has "alpha" status and binary packages for Windows XP are available. The software is double licensed under the Agpl.
Recently added compressed media communication (Xvid/Speex_encoding) beside Raw format (Gray16/PCM). Currently working on text chat, x264/Advanced_Audio_Coding and porting to Linux/BSD/OSX.
Update: In 2013 we decided, because of development and standarisation of Opus_(audio_format), WebM, Mumble_(software) and the change of licence in Qt_(framework) to completely redisign the client / server structure.

</doc>
<doc id="21436365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436365" title="Fredrik A. Kayser">
Fredrik A. Kayser

Fredrik A. Kayser (1924–1968) was a Norwegian furniture designer.
He was born in Bergen, and educated at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry. He was especially known for his designed chairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21436373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436373" title="Canadian Football League attendance">
Canadian Football League attendance

To date, a CFL game has drawn in excess of 50,000 spectators 109 times. It happened for the first six times in 1976, when Toronto's Exhibition Stadium was renovated to accommodate the Toronto Blue Jays, and its capacity was enlarged to become the first stadium capable of holding such a large crowd. Later that same season, the Montreal Alouettes moved into Olympic Stadium, following the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="21436385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436385" title="With U (EP)">
With U (EP)

With U is the second Japanese mini-album by Big Bang, released on May 28, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21436395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436395" title="El Prado">
El Prado

El Prado can refer to:
Places:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="21436421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436421" title="Royal Institute of Health Sciences (Bhutan)">
Royal Institute of Health Sciences (Bhutan)

The Royal Institute of Health Sciences (RIHS) is one of two main medical education centers in Bhutan, the other being the Institute of Traditional Medicine Services. The RIHS was established in Thimphu in 1974 as a member college of the Royal University of Bhutan, and is associated with the National Referral Hospital. The RIHS offers diploma and certificate programmes for nurses, medical technicians and other primary health care workers. The institute received the World Health Organization's 50th Anniversary Award for Primary Health Care in 1998. 
Health infrastructure is improving in Bhutan and there is growing number of trained human resources, but the country still had only 2 doctors per 10,000 population in 2005. 
The RIHS cannot train doctors, so Bhutan must send candidates to neighboring countries such as Bangladesh, India, Myanmar and Sri Lanka for their MBBS course.
Courses.
Nursing.
The institute trains auxiliary nurse midwives, general nurse midwives and assistant nurses. 
A joint initiative between La Trobe University, the World Health Organization and the Royal Government of Bhutan gives Bhutanese qualified nurses the opportunity to obtain a bachelor degree. 
Students who successfully complete this program are eligible to apply for postgraduate studies in Australia.
Pharmacy.
The RIHS conducts a two-year Pharmacy Technician Course, teaching students pharmacy and pharmacology, with basic introductions to physiology, anatomy, health education, first aid etc. Other health work trainees are also taught pharmacology and pharmacy on similar lines.
Physiotherapy.
The RIHS offers a 2 years of certificate program in Physiotherapy, following which the students work for a few more months in the general referral hospital, and are then sent out to provide services in various districts across the country.
Other Courses.
The institute also trains health assistants, basic health workers, and technicians of various other disciplines such as laboratory, dental, x-ray, ophthalmology and operation theater.

</doc>
<doc id="21436422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436422" title="Otto Thorbeck">
Otto Thorbeck

Dr Otto Thorbeck (26 August 1912 in Brieg, Silesia – 10 October 1976 in Nuremberg) was a German lawyer and Nazi SS judge.
In 1941 Sturmbannführer (Major) Thorbeck was appointed the chief judge of the SS and police court in Munich for which SS Standartenführer (Colonel) Walter Huppenkothen was the prosecutor. On 8 April 1945 under orders from Ernst Kaltenbrunner he presided over a drumhead court-martial without witnesses, records of proceedings or a defence in Flossenbürg concentration camp, that condemned Lutheran pastor Dietrich Bonhoeffer, General Hans Oster, Army chief judge Dr. Karl Sack, Captain Ludwig Gehre and Admiral Wilhelm Canaris to death. They were all hanged on 9 April, two weeks before the United States Army liberated the camp.
After the war Thorbeck worked as an attorney in Nuremberg. In 1955 he was convicted by a court of assizes in Augsburg for assisting in murder and sentenced to four years imprisonment. On 19 June 1956 the Federal Court of Justice of Germany exonerated him on grounds that the killings were 'legal' because the Nazi regime had the right to execute 'traitors'. The decision was rescinded by the Berlin State Court in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21436427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436427" title="Tisca Chopra">
Tisca Chopra

Tisca Chopra (born Tisca Zareen Arora) is an Indian actress who starred in the well-reviewed play "Dinner With Friends", where she played the character of Dia, a failed artist with a broken marriage.
Early life and education.
Tisca Chopra born in Kasauli, Himachal Pradesh into a Punjabi family of educationists. She graduated from Apeejay School, Noida, where her father was principal. Later she studied English literature at Hindu College, University of Delhi. She also started working actively with amateur theater in the college. While at college, she started writing for several publications and acting in plays for an amateur theater group and college festivals.
After finishing her education, she moved to Mumbai and trained in acting with notable theater artists Feroz Abbas Khan and Naseeruddin Shah.
Career.
Films.
Her film debut was "Platform" (1993), opposite Ajay Devgan.
In 2004,Tisca chopra played the role of Prabhavati Devi,wife of JP in Prakash Jha directed film "Loknayak".
In 2007, she appeared in "Taare Zameen Par" with Aamir Khan where her performance was well received. She acted in Nandita Das's directorial debut, "Firaaq" (2008).
In 2011, she appeared in Madhur Bhandarkar's "Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji", where she played a seductress.
For "10 ml Love", Tisca was nominated for Best Actress at the 11th Annual New York Indian Film Festival.
Her film "Ankur Arora Murder Case" written and produced by Vikram Bhatt released in May 2013.
Her upcoming films are Anup Singh's "Qissa" with Irrfan Khan and "Rahasya" by UVI Film Production Pvt. Ltd. She is also working on a Marathi film 'Highway' with Umesh Kulkarni , Huma Qureshi and Girish Kulkarni and Hindi and Tamil remakes of Marathi Film Kaksparsh directed by Mahesh Manjrekar.
Theatre.
She acted in plays in Mumbai and soon her work was seen Feroz Abbas Khan's "Mahatma vs Gandhi", "All The Best" and Satya Dev Dubey's "Inshah Allah". She starred in "Dinner With Friends", a Pulitzer Award winning play
Television.
Her performance in television short films like "Ek Shaam Ki Mulaquat" (Star Bestsellers) and "Hum Saath Saath Hain Kya?" led to leading parts in a popular show, Balaji Telefilms' "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii", followed by "Love Marriage" (Zee TV), "Astitva...Ek Prem Kahani" (Zee TV) and "" (Zee TV). She hosted a consumer grievances show on (Star News) called "Main Hoon Na". Tisca hosted "Prayschit - Gunahon Ke Zahkm" on Sony Entertainment Television (India) where she got a chance to reveal the transformation that criminals go though after or during their prison sentence; the show has generated high TRP ratings.
She recently starred in "24", a remake of the popular American series of the same name, produced by Anil Kapoor Films, directed by Abhinay Deo and written by Rensil D’Silva, which was premiered on Colors.
Advertising.
Tisca has appeared in advertisements like Tanishq, Titan Eye-wear, Dish TV, Kelloggs-All Bran and Horlicks-Gold.
Corporate Shows.
Chopra has hosted corporate events such as the VFX Awards, WOW Awards, Mahindra Rise 2012, Times Now Awards 2012, Times Now Foodie Awards and others. She hosted the IIJW 2012, Nabard Awards 2012, Times Now Foodie Awards 2013, Navy Ball 2012 and others.
Personal life.
Tisca Chopra is the grand-niece of prominent Indian writer Khushwant Singh. She is married to Capt. Sanjay Chopra who is a pilot with Air India. She is a practicing Buddhist and works with several NGOs, supporting education and women's rights.
Writing.
She is currently working on developing a script that she plans to produce with her pilot-author husband, Sanjay Chopra, and her book on making it in films "Acting Smart" (HarperCollins) published in February 2014 has been launched and is a bestseller.
Tisca started her blog on the Times of India, indiatimes, in 2011.
Awards and nominations.
Won
Nominated

</doc>
<doc id="21436430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436430" title="Queer Lion">
Queer Lion

Queer Lion is the trophy awarded from 2007 to the “Best Movie with LGBT Themes & Queer Culture” among those presented during the Venice International Film Festival.
History.
The idea of the Queer Lion comes from a 2003 interview, made by president of CinemArte association Daniel N. Casagrande for monthly magazine Venezia News, to then-Director of the Venice Film Festival Moritz De Hadeln. During that, Casagrande asked Mr. De Hadeln if the Venice Film Festival would have welcomed an award meant to specifically honor gay-themed movies, the same way Berlin Film Festival had done 20 years earlier (with Teddy Bear Award). Although the answer was a positive one, the changing of the Festival’s director the following year caused a delay in the development of the project, which was greenlighted by the new director Marco Müller, who declared his will to back and sustain the creation of such a new collateral award.
All the movies containing LGBTQ themes, stories, plots, or characters, presented in any of the sections of the Venice Film Festival are considered eligible for the award. Specifically, these sections are: Concorso (Competition), Fuori Concorso (Out of Competition), Orizzonti (Horizons), Controcampo italiano (Italian Reverse Shot), Giornate degli Autori (Venice Days), and Settimana Internazionale della Critica (International Critics' Week).
The Queer Lion jury, composed of journalists, directors, critics, persons with a deep knowledge of cinema, views all the movies deemed to contain noteworthy LGBTQ elements during the Venice Film Festival, picking the "best film" among them.

</doc>
<doc id="21436443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436443" title="Peter Jablonski">
Peter Jablonski

Peter Jablonski (born 1971) is a Swedish concert pianist.
Biography.
Peter Jablonski was born in Lyckeby, Sweden to a Polish father and Swedish mother. He studied percussion and piano at Malmö Conservatory from 1982 to 1986. He performed as a drummer at the village vanguard jazz club in New York at the age of nine. He debuted as a pianist in Sweden at the age of 12, with Mozart concerto k 453. In 1989 he moved to the United Kingdom. There he studied composition, conducting and piano at the Royal College of Music in London. He signed to Decca Records in 1991. He made his debuts at Washington's Kennedy Center in 1992 and at London's Royal Festival Hall in 1993. In 2008 he made his conducting debut with the Cracow Philharmonic Orchestra in Sibelius Symphony nr 1.

</doc>
<doc id="21436446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436446" title="Han Grijzenhout">
Han Grijzenhout

Han Grijzenhout (born 22 December 1932 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch footballer and football manager.

</doc>
<doc id="21436457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436457" title="Parc del Laberint d'Horta">
Parc del Laberint d'Horta

The Parc del Laberint d'Horta (, "Labyrinth Park of Horta", sometimes named Jardins (Gardens) del Laberint d'Horta) is an historical garden in the Horta-Guinardó district in Barcelona, and the oldest of its kind in the city. Located in the former estate of the Desvalls family, next to the Collserola ridge, the park comprises an 18th-century neoclassical garden and a 19th-century romantic garden.
History.
Works began in 1791 when marquis Joan Antoni Desvalls i d'Ardena, owner of the lot, created the design of a neoclassical garden in collaboration with Italian architect Domenico Bagutti. Execution was made under direction of master builders Jaume and Andreu Valls as well as French gardener Joseph Delvalet.
In mid-19th century, the descendants of the marquis hired architect Elies Rogent to expand the park. Rogent created then a romantic garden with flower beds, gazebos, huge trees and a waterfall. A water canal was also added to the garden, connecting the upper terrace and the intermediate one.
In 1880 a domestic garden was created beside the Desvalls palace.
At the end of the 19th century, the Desvalls estate became the venue of social and cultural events including open-air theatre performances.
In 1967 the Desvalls family handed over the park to the city of Barcelona, who opened to the public in 1971. Ample restoration works were carried out in 1994 with the financial support of the European Union.
The park is currently a garden-museum with a number of visitors limited to no more than 750 people at the same time, in order to preserve the delicate environment and structures of the area. The old Desvalls' Palace hosts, since 1993, "Centre de Formació del Laberint" (a city-owned institute of Gardening education) as well as a specialized library.
Elements of the park.
Right next to the entrance of the park stands the former palace of the Desvalls family, a building with neoarabic and neogothic elements. To this complex belongs also the "Torre Sobirana", an ancient medieval watchtower.
The parc, which extends over a surface of 9,1 hectares, is divided in two parts: the neoclassical garden and the romantic garden. All around the park there are numerous sculptures, some depicting motives of greek mythology and others with folk motives, as well as a number of fountains, springs and pools.
The neoclassical garden comprises three terraces:
The romantic garden is distributed in a series of flower beds and small squares under the shade of huge trees. On the northernmost border of this side of the parc there's a waterfall. There aren't many traces left of the original design, but it seems that the romantic garden was built alluding the theme of death -there even used to be a replica of a small graveyard, long gone-, while the neoclassical garden revolves around the theme of love.
The park gardens are surrounded by a large area of Mediterranean forest.

</doc>
<doc id="21436459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436459" title="Jockeys (TV series)">
Jockeys (TV series)

Jockeys is an American documentary sports reality television series that premiered on February 6, 2009 on Animal Planet. The series chronicles the professional lives of jockeys during the famous thirty-day Oak Tree Meet at Santa Anita Park. First and second season episodes aired on Friday nights.
The second season, which premiered on August 21, 2009 added Corey Nakatani and Garrett Gomez to the featured jockeys while Jon Court departed to race in Kentucky.
The taglines of the show are:
"Stronger" by Kanye West is used as the theme song.

</doc>
<doc id="21436464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436464" title="Partly Cloudy">
Partly Cloudy

Partly Cloudy is a Pixar CGI animated short film written and directed by Peter Sohn and produced by Kevin Reher. It was shown in theaters before Pixar's feature film "Up" and is a special feature on its DVD and Blu-ray release. It was included in the Animation Show of Shows in 2009.
In a CGSociety article, Sohn says his idea for the film came from watching "Dumbo" as a child: in the movie, a stork delivers Dumbo, leading a young Sohn to wonder where the birds got their babies from. His conclusion was that the babies came from clouds, hence flying animals being needed to deliver them.
Plot.
All day long, cheerful clouds in the sky make cute and cuddly babies, such as human boys and girls, kittens, puppies, and other creatures, and give them to storks for delivery to the expectant parents. However, one lonely gray cloud named Gus has the task of creating animals that are cute but not so cuddly. His delivery stork, Peck, gets the worst of it, being bitten by a crocodile, butted by a bighorn sheep, and pricked by a porcupine. When Peck sees that his next delivery is a baby shark, he grows more than a little fearful and flies away.
Feeling rejected, despondent, and angry, Gus unleashes a brief thunderstorm, then starts crying with rain pouring from below him. Peck, however, soon returns with a football helmet and shoulder pads, created for him by another cloud to keep him safe (alluded to in an earlier scene, where the same cloud creates a baby that would grow to love football). Gus instantly cheers up and gives Peck an electric eel to deliver, which shocks him despite the protective equipment; this time, though, Peck remains in good (but slightly frazzled) spirits.

</doc>
<doc id="21436492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436492" title="The Secret Policeman's Balls mediagraphy">
The Secret Policeman's Balls mediagraphy

This is a list of audio, video and film releases relating to The Secret Policeman's Balls series of charity shows.
TV specials made from the shows.
"The premiere broadcast of each TV special. Listed in chronological sequence of first TV transmission"
(This list excludes straightforward TV transmissions of the films that received prior theatrical release)"

</doc>
<doc id="21436507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436507" title="Steven Piziks">
Steven Piziks

Steven Piziks is an American author of science fiction.
Piziks writes mostly science fiction, fantasy, steampunk, and film and television series novelizations. He has also written science fiction books with LGBT themes under his "Steven Harper" pseudonym and has been nominated for the Gaylactic Spectrum Award for his novels four times without winning, a record. He is also a member of the Book View Cafe writers co-op. 
Biography.
Piziks was born in Saginaw, Michigan, and grew up in the small town of Wheeler, Michigan. At twelve years of age, he moved to the outskirts of Midland, Michigan, then later to Saginaw, where he graduated from high school. He went to Central Michigan University, where he earned two Bachelor's degrees: one in German/speech and one in English/health education, and to Seton Hill University, where he earned a Master's degree in English. He currently writes science fiction and fantasy novels under two names and lives in Michigan, where he teaches English.
See also.
Gaylactic Spectrum Award winners and nominees for best novel

</doc>
<doc id="21436516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436516" title="Liu Bingjian">
Liu Bingjian

Liu Bingjian (October 16, 1963, Anhui) is a Chinese film director who emerged on the cinema scene in the late 1990s with his LGBT-themed film "Men and Women".
Career.
Originally trained as a painter, Liu attended the prestigious Beijing Film Academy where he studied cinematography. Upon graduation, he switched to directing and worked in television before making his first film "Inkstone" which failed to be screened either in China or abroad.
In 1999, he directed the underground LGBT film "Men and Women". Though the film was banned in China, it was seen as a rare example of a Chinese film to treat homosexuality as an everyday occurrence.
Liu followed up "Men and Women" with "Cry Woman" in 2002.
Like many of his colleagues, Liu Bingjian emerged from the underground scene with 2004's state-approved "Plastic Flowers", starring actress Liu Xiaoqing in her first role in over a decade. The film premiered at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21436526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436526" title="The Golden Spike">
The Golden Spike

The Golden Spike is the debut album by English band Sky Larkin, released on 2 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21436531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436531" title="Nou 24">
Nou 24

Nou 24 () was the third channel launched by Ràdio Televisió Valenciana on 3 February 2009, under the name "24/9".
The channel was dedicated to informative programmes made by RTVV and it could be watched only in the Valencian region via digital terrestrial television. Every 30 minutes, on the hour and at half past the hour, there was an informative programme with the most important news of the day. Between theses informative programmes there also were other programmes about interviews, videos, docs etc.
All programmes were in Valencian, unlike sister channel Canal Nou, which broadcasts in Valencian and Spanish.
In 2010 the channel was renamed Canal Nou 24 and, in October 2013, as part of a group-wide rebrand, its name was shortened to Nou 24.
It was disbanded along with Canal Nou and the whole of Ràdio Televisió Valenciana just one month later after a labor force adjustment plan that sacked the 75% of the company's personnel was nullified by the National Court, making it untenable.

</doc>
<doc id="21436555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436555" title="Shout magazine">
Shout magazine

Shout (magazine) - British Teen Magazine
Shout NY (magazine) - NY Cult Thought and Culture Magazine (1998–2003)

</doc>
<doc id="21436569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436569" title="UnitedHealthcare (cycling team)">
UnitedHealthcare (cycling team)

UnitedHealthcare Pro Cycling Team (UCI identifier: UHC) is a professional road bicycle racing team, run by Momentum Sports Group and based in the United States. The team is sponsored principally by UnitedHealth Group. It began at the end of 2009 as a reorganization of the OUCH Pro Cycling Team, with headlining cyclist Floyd Landis leaving the team.

</doc>
<doc id="21436570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436570" title="Thrombopoiesis">
Thrombopoiesis

Thrombopoiesis refers to the process of thrombocyte generation.
Thromobocytes are ligations of the cytoplasm from megakaryocytes. A single megakaryocyte can give rise to thousands of thrombocytes.
The term "thrombocytopoiesis" is sometimes used to emphasize the cellular nature.
Thrombopoietin stimulates megakaryopoiesis, the process of megakaryocyte maturation and differentiation. Thrombopoietin, upon release, binds to its receptor, c-mpl, found on megakaryocyte progenitor cells. Following binding, intracellular signalling leads to megakaryocyte growth, maturation, membrane stability, platelet granule formation and the demarcation of the cytoplasm into regions destined to fragment into mature platelets. These "proplatelet processes" further fragment into platelets. This last step of proplatelet process and platelet formation, "in vitro", has been shown to be independent of thrombopoietin.

</doc>
<doc id="21436585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436585" title="Chrysomya bezziana">
Chrysomya bezziana

Chrysomya bezziana, also known as the Old World screwworm fly or screwworm, is an obligate parasite of mammals. Obligate parasitic flies require a host to complete their development. Named to honor the Italian entomologist Mario Bezzi, this fly is widely distributed in Asia, tropical Africa, India, and Papua New Guinea. The adult can be identified as metallic green or blue with a yellow face and the larvae are smooth, lacking any obvious body processes except on the last segment.
The fly feeds on decaying organic matter, while the fly larvae feed on the living tissue of warm-blooded mammals as opposed to necrotic tissue that many other fly larvae feed on. Since the larvae can cause permanent tissue damage, "C. bezziana" has led to much public concern. Management procedures include both prevention of colonization of the fly and treatment of a current infestation. As of early 2009, little research was being conducted on the fly, as it is an unsuitable agent for maggot therapy (a medical procedure in which maggots are used to clean festering wounds) because the maggots aggressively burrow through living tissue. Recent publications of "C. bezziana" present medical case studies of the fly.
Geographical distribution.
"Chrysomya bezziana" is widely distributed throughout tropical areas in the Old World. It is most prevalent in Southeast Asia, tropical and subtropical Africa, some countries in the Middle East, India, the Malay Peninsula, the Indonesian and Philippine Islands, and Papua New Guinea. "C. bezziana" is not found at altitudes higher than 2500 meters above sea level. 
In countries where "Chrysomya bezziana" does not exist, scientists and those in agriculture are worried that commercial flights, boats, or vehicles will distribute the fly. The climates "C. bezziana" thrives in are present in Australia and the Americas; the fly requires climates similar to its New World relative "Cochliomyia hominivorax". Spread of the pest from Papua New Guinea to Australia has become a concern for Australia, as the presence of "C. bezziana" could cost livestock industries up to $500 million a year.
Characteristics.
"Chrysomya bezziana" belongs to the fly family Calliphoridae. This family comprises blow flies, carrion flies and cluster flies. Other parasitic screwworms are found in this family, such as "Cochliomyia hominivorax" and "Cochliomyia macellaria".
Adult.
The body of the "C. bezziana" adult is typically metallic green or blue. The face of these flies is typically yellow with soft fine yellow hairs. The length of an adult fly ranges between 8 and 12 millimeters. The abdominal tergites (the segments of the dorsal portion of the fly) have narrow darker bands and the legs are black or dark-brown. Only the bases of the wings are infuscated; the wings have a glassy appearance. The anterior spiracles (small openings on the surface for the respiratory system) range from dark-brown to orange. 
Another close relative, "Chrysomya megacephala", occurs in many of the same regions as "C. bezziana"; therefore, it is important to be able to distinguish between the flies. The male fly can be distinguished from "Chrysomya megacephala" by their eye facets. "C. bezziana" does not have a boundary dividing the upper and lower eye facets, while "C. megacephala" does have a boundary distinguishing the upper and lower portions. The female does not have as distinct differences and cannot be as easily distinguished from "C. megacephala", but they can be identified by analyzing the frons (the uppermost part of the head of an insect). The frons of "C. bezziana" is more parallel, while "C. megacephala" has a frons that is distinctly narrow in the center. 
Larvae.
The third-instar larvae are smooth, lacking obvious body processes except on the last segment. The posterior spiracles are not hidden in the body cavity, and the peritreme of these spiracles is open. The larvae can be distinguished from its New-World relative "C. hominivorax" by observing the dorsal tracheal trunks. Those of "C. hominivorax" are darkly pigmented from the 12th segment to the 10th or sometimes 9th segment, while those of "C. bezziana" are only pigmented for the last half of the 12th segment. The anterior spiracle has 4-6 lobes, with 7 on occasion.
Life cycle.
The female lays approximately 150-200 eggs at a time. The eggs are laid in wounds and mucous membranes of a live mammal and will hatch after 24 hours. The larvae feed on living tissue and are especially attracted to blood. The larvae will feed on the host tissue for 5–7 days while they complete their development, then they will fall to the ground to pupate.
The pupal stage is temperature dependent with warm weather favoring growth. Depending on the temperature, the pupal stage can last anywhere from 1 week to 2 months. The males become sexually mature after 24 hours of leaving their puparium (the hardened shell the pupae mature in), while females take about 6–7 days to become fully sexually mature. If the weather is tropical (29 °C or 84.2 °F), the entire life cycle will last about 24 days; however, at cooler temperatures (below 22 °C or 71.6 °F), the life cycle can take 2–3 months to complete.
Medical importance.
"Chrysomya bezziana" usually infects livestock causing myiasis. Myiasis is the infestation of tissue (living or dead) on a living mammal by fly larvae. Mammals such as sheep, dogs, cattle, pigs, and even humans can become infested. 
The adult female will lay her eggs on superficial wounds in live animals preferring wounds that are several days old. Eggs of "C. bezziana" are commonly laid in the navel of newborn livestock species or on castration wounds in cattle. Eggs are also laid on open sores, ulcers, scratches externally or on mucous membranes throughout the body. Wounds as small as a tick bite are large enough for a female to lay her eggs.
When the eggs hatch, the larvae burrow into the animal’s living tissue and feed on it. Their common name, the “screwworm”, is derived from the maggots that embed themselves into the flesh of their host in a screw-like fashion. The larvae can burrow as deep as into the host’s living tissue. As the maggots feed and cause tissue damage, the wound produces a characteristic odor, which can go unnoticed by humans. However, this wound entices female flies to the wound and encourages them to lay their eggs there as well, causing further infestation.
"C. bezziana" is different from other fly species because tissue infestation can occur in the absence of necrotic tissue. The "C. bezziana" maggots may cause serious and permanent tissue damage. Extremely infested wounds can lead to death if not treated. The sexually mature adult imago feeds on decomposing corpses, decaying matter, excreta, and flowers. Due to their diet, these adult flies can be a mechanical vector for pathogens.
Forensic importance.
Forensic entomologists give a time that, at the very earliest, the corpse could have been colonized by insects instead of giving a time of death; this is because the time of colonization is not always concurrent with the time of death. They provide the shortest post mortem interval (PMI) possible.
The adults are attracted to decaying matter and thus they can be found on dead bodies. However, because "C. bezziana" can cause myiasis and lay its eggs on a live mammal, it can be more complicated to determine a time of colonization. If the fly laid its eggs and the maggots hatched prior to the death of the corpse and the forensic entomologist does not take this into account, the entomologist could give an incorrect time of colonization.
Public concern.
Because "C. bezziana" is an agent of myiasis, public concern has been raised over this fly. However, most human cases documented are debilitated patients not fully capable of taking care of themselves and dressing their own wounds. Caretakers of debilitated patients are encouraged to keep the environment the patient resides in clean. Keeping the area free of decaying organic matter, such as trash, decaying plants or excreta will prevent the flies from being attracted to the patient’s residence, and in turn, the patient. Caretakers should also practice good hygiene themselves to prevent bringing a screwworm with them. The public can take measures to protect themselves from this fly with basic fly-proofing methods like screens. 
Wounds should be cleaned and dressed properly to prevent infestation of the fly, as "C. bezziana" is attracted to wound fluids and blood to lay her eggs in. If a person suspects that their animal or livestock has been a victim of fly-strike, they should bring the case to the attention of their veterinarian for analysis.
Management and control.
Management of "Chrysomya bezziana" can be conducted using several different methods, depending upon the adult or larvae form. 
To remove and manage the infestation of larvae in the host, the larvae may be removed with forceps. This removal process should take place daily or as often as needed until the infestation is clear. These larvae can also be killed by applying proper insecticides to the infected areas and making sure the wounds are properly dressed. Organophosphorus insecticides like coumaphos, dichlofenthion, and fenchlorphos can be applied to wounds with fly larvae. These cause the larvae to leave the wound and fall to the ground, and the larvae will die without a host to feed on. Castration wounds in cattle that have insect growth regulators, such as dicyclanil, have high success rates of preventing the establishment of "C. bezziana". 
When trying to manage areas that have adult "Chrysomya bezziana", one of the first tasks is to improve sanitation of the area. Many types of decaying matter serve as a food source and should be cleared out of the area. Adult flies can also be controlled by the use of insecticides. A few of the insecticides that are available for use in the management of adult "C. bezziana" include: ectopor, diazinon, nagasunt and coumaphos. When trying to prevent infestation of livestock and other animals, proper spraying and dipping with these insecticides can help in management control.
Sterile insect technique.
The sterile insect technique (SIT), also known as sterile insect release method (SIRM), is a control method in which sterile insects are released to mate with other wild insects. Usually, the males are sterilized using radiation and then dispersed in a population to compete with wild males. If a sterile male mates with a wild female, she will produce no offspring, reducing the new population.
There have been studies involving "Chrysomya bezziana" and the sterile insect technique. In 1989, an experiment proved that SIRM had success rates similar to its New World relative "Cochliomya hominivorax", which was successfully eradicated from North America in 1982. The success of SIT as an eradication method depends on the number of sterile insects released and on how competitive the sterile insects are in relation to their wild counterparts. SIT is supported by the extensive use of pesticides. To this date, however, "Chrysomya bezziana" has not been eradicated using this method.
Vaccination.
In 2000, vaccination of livestock against "Chrysomya bezziana" was explored. The results were promising in-vitro (outside of the body in controlled environments, like a petri dish) and in-vivo (tested with living animals). The animals vaccinated led to "C. bezziana" larvae with lower weights. The effects of larvae with lower weights could lessen the damage caused to the living tissue of the maggots, and it is possible that it could also reduce the fly development. The potential of vaccination as a control source was still unresolved, as the immunological mechanisms are very complex and follow-up studies need to be conducted.
Case studies.
A case study reported in 2009 involving "Chrysomya bezziana" included a 65-year-old woman with skin cancer. The woman had facial squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). A tumor developed as an ulcer on her left cheek and the woman did not keep the wound covered. When the ulcer began to spread, she did not seek any treatment for the myiasis for two years. Ultimately, the case was handled by removal of the larvae using forceps until about 60 larvae were removed. The patient was discharged and two days later returned to have 10 more larvae removed from her face. Infestation of "Chrysomya bezziana" in cancerous wounds is very rare and most of the cases deal with SCC among elderly patients. 
Many cases among humans involve infestation of the oral cavity. According to the Communicable Diseases Watch newsletter, 11 of the 21 infestations in Hong Kong between October 2002 and December 2004 were in the oral cavity. 
Another case study, reported in 2008, involved a 9-year-old boy in Indonesia. He was hospitalized due to maggots inside his right ear. The maggots were removed, and while the patient was recovering, it was noticed that the right eye was red. Upon examination, a maggot was found inside a lesion in the bulbar conjunctiva, and this maggot was then removed.
Current research.
According to a pest control officer for the Food and Hygiene Department in 2009, the Hong Kong government (where many of the case studies are published) is unaware of any research in this field. The most recent research done on this fly was published in January 2008 and involved identifying fly eggs using a scanning electron microscope for use in forensic investigations. 
It is not a suitable fly for research in maggot therapy, because it can cause permanent damage by feeding on the underlying tissues, so most studies published on the subject do not include "C. bezziana".

</doc>
<doc id="21436587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436587" title="Yelena Bolsun">
Yelena Bolsun

Yelena Ivanovna Bolsun (; born March 10, 1983 in Irkutsk) is a Russian female sprint athlete (sprinter). 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21436602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436602" title="Partnership for Environmental Education, Inc">
Partnership for Environmental Education, Inc

The Partnership for Environmental Education, Inc. (PFEE), is a Florida not-for-profit organization (began January 1995), that was formed by a diverse group of community leaders, educators and business people for the purpose of encouraging, promoting and supporting environmental education, stewardship, and careers. PFEE brings together students, scientists, educators, businesses and governmental agencies to promote a sustainable environmental legacy for our region.
History.
PFEE was founded in order to provide funding for the activities of the Jupiter Environmental Research and Field Studies Academy (JERFSA). JERFSA students require adequate funding for various community service, field study, and other research programs. PFEE was originally founded by parents, teachers, and students two years after the JERFSA program began and order to raise these funds. Since then the program has continued and expanded and provides not only funding, but a connection to businesses and the community for the JERFSA program.

</doc>
<doc id="21436606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436606" title="William Richard Williams (theologian)">
William Richard Williams (theologian)

Reverend Professor William Richard Williams (April 4, 1896 – December 18 1962) was the Principal of the United Theological College Aberystwyth, the first Secretary of the Council of Churches of Wales, and later its President.
Biography.
Born at Pwllheli in Gwynedd to Richard and Catherine Williams, Williams moved to Aberystwyth with his mother on the death of his father in 1912 after winning a scholarship to University College, Aberystwyth where he graduated in Greek and Philosophy. He served in the British Army during World War I, after which he studied at Lincoln College, Oxford, graduating with a first class BA degree in Theology. He was ordained in the Presbyterian Church of Wales in 1921, and served as a minister in Gowerton in Glamorganshire from 1921 to 1922 and at Argyle English Church in Swansea from 1922 to 1925.
Williams was an assistant lecturer at the United Theological College Aberystwyth from 1925 to 1927, and Professor of the Philosophy of Religion from 1927 to 1928), and of Greek and New Testament exegesis from 1928 to 1949, when he was appointed Principal of the College, a position he held until his death in 1962. In 1928 he married Violet Irene Evans of Swansea, and they had a son, W.R. Williams.
He was the Moderator of the General Assembly in 1960, and Moderator of the South Wales Association in 1962. Williams was a promoter of ecumenism in Wales, and was the first Secretary of the Council of Churches of Wales, and its President at the time of his death in 1962. In 1961 he was elected Chairman of the British committee of the Presbyterian Alliance. He was a member of the joint-committee which was appointed to prepare a new English translation of the Bible, and in 1961 he was appointed Director of a committee which was set up to prepare a new Welsh translation of the Bible. He was also a contributor to "The Dictionary of Welsh Biography Down to 1940"

</doc>
<doc id="21436629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436629" title="Elections in Brittany">
Elections in Brittany

This page gathers the results of elections in Brittany.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on March 21 and March 28, 2004, Jean-Yves Le Drian (PS) was elected President, defeating incumbent Josselin de Rohan (UMP).

</doc>
<doc id="21436649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436649" title="Gething Formation">
Gething Formation

Gething Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Lower Cretaceous (Aptian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It is present in northeastern British Columbia and western Alberta, and includes economically important coal deposits.
The formation is named for Gething Creek, a right tributary of the Peace River west of Hudson's Hope, and the nearby Gething Mountain. It was first described by F.H. McLearn in 1923 in the Peace River Canyon, an area that was partly inundated in 1968 by the Williston Lake after the construction of the W. A. C. Bennett Dam.
Lithology.
The formation consists of alternating units of sandstone and carbonaceous shale or mudstone with some coal seams and conglomerate beds. The sandstones are fine- to coarse-grained, brown weathering, and typically platy to thin bedded, although some are massive. Mudstones are blocky to rubbly, with little lamination. Shale and carbonaceous shale units are fissile and are commonly associated with the coal seams. The sediments are mostly of non-marine origin, deposited in deltaic and coastal plain settings.
Distribution.
The Gething Formation is present in the foothills of the Northern Rocky Mountains and adjacent areas of the plains, extending from the Peace River region in northeastern British Columbia to the Smoky River area of western Alberta. In the Peace River Country, it reaches a thickness of , while in the Smoky River area it is thick. North of the Peace River at Carbon Creek, it reaches .
Relationship to other units.
The Gething Formation is the uppermost unit of the Bullhead Group. It conformably overlies the Cadomin Formation and is disconformably overlain by the Bluesky Formation. It is correlated with the Gladstone Formation in the southern foothills, and is equivalent in age to the McMurray Formation that contains the Athabasca Oil Sands.
Paleontology.
Dinosaur footprints described from the formation include both carnivorous and herbivorous species.
Plant material is abundant, occurring as fossil leaves, stems, logs, stumps and rootlets. Ferns, cycads, "Ginkgo" and conifers are represented.
Coal deposits.
The Gething Formation contains coal seams that range from thin laminae to as much as thick. Coal rank ranges from low- to high-volatile bituminous, and the coal has good coking properties except where oxidized. It has been mined by underground methods near the Peace River west of Hudson's Hope and near the Sukunka River.

</doc>
<doc id="21436653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436653" title="Vipin Sharma">
Vipin Sharma

Vipin Sharma is an Indian actor born in New Delhi. He is a graduate of National School of Drama, New Delhi, India and the Canadian Film Centre, Toronto, Canada.
As a kid growing up in Delhi Vipin always wanted to be in the movies. He used to hear stories of kids running away from homes and landing up in Bombay but he never thought of doing it as he knew it would hurt his parents badly. He grew up in Delhi watching the movies on television every Sunday. The trouble was there was no electricity in his own house so he had to rely on his neighbors and it was their choice to let him in or not. One Sunday he found out that there was a very unique Hindi film Achanak was to be shown which had no songs at all. It was unheard of in those to have a film without a song whereas a separate show called Chitrahar was dedicated entirely to songs on Doordarshan. He wasn't allowed in any of the houses. Angry he broke someones front gate in Lajpat Nagar where he grew up and ran away. It was this and many other humiliating experiences that he decided that one day the same people who don't allow him to watch television in their homes will be watching him on it one day.
Acting was always on Vipin's mind, and like thousands his inspiration was also Amitabh Bachchan. "Even as a kid I would go for movies without telling my father, and later he used to beat me up. But I was really passionate about it."
He went to Delhi University but his love for acting didn't help much there also as he was rusticated due to the shortage of attendance as he was busy doing a play. He was also disillusioned with the entire education system which kept teaching the same thing over and over again. He quit college and was fortunate to be selected to study at one of the most amazing acting schools in the country, the National School of Drama. NSD influenced him greatly. It surely put him on the right path. That is where he came in touch with some of the most important filmmakers and actors of our times like Shyam Benegal, Ketan Mehta, Prakash Jha, Naseerudding Shah, Om Puri, B.V. Karanth, Barry John to name a few. This is also where he flourished as an actor and soon after he graduated he was hired by the Madhya Pradesh Rangmandal (a theatre repertory company) where he performed all around the country for a year or so. Again disillusioned by a structured work place he decided to leave and travel around in the country and abroad. That is when he went to Berlin and studied Experimental Cinema there for about a year or so. Upon his return he started his career by assisting Ketan Mehta in one of the most memorable film of NFDC, Mirch Masala. He was with him again on another path breaking film of Bollywood Hero Hiralal. Acting continued in between and he acted in Shayam Benegal's Discovery of India and Yatra. His portrayal of Rama Krishna Paramhamsa got him rave reviews and Mr Benegal cast him in Carmen along with OM Puri and Nina Gupta. The film never got made and disillusioned with acting and Bollywood of late 80’s he now wanted to do something different. In Toronto he tried different hats and finally became an editor after having attended another very popular Norman Jewison film school, Canadian Film Centre. But during all that time acting stayed in his mind and he always thought may be one day he will go back to it. And he IS back now. All this happened because of a chance meeting with one of the most amazing acting teachers he had come across, Jacqueline McClintock from Montreal who teaches Meisner. It changed his life. Vipin studied with her for a bit and decided to pack his bags and head to Bollywood.
His first major role was as Nandakishore Avasti in "Taare Zameen Par (Like Stars on Earth)". For his role in the film, he was nominated for a 2009 Star Screen Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Taare was a windfall. He had no idea that it was going to happen when he first arrived in India. He remembers his first day on the shoot. There were these huge lights and he was standing with Aamir and Amole who was then directing the film. It felt surreal.
In 'Taare Zameen Par', he played a dyslexic child's father, but he was not the first choice for the character. Written by Amole Gupte and directed by Aamir Khan, the movie was not a typical entertainer, but it turned out to be one of the biggest hits of 2007 as it carried an important message and was like an eye-opener for many. Recalling the audition, he said: "I was not called to play the part, I was actually asked to audition for the Hindi teacher, but I requested Amole to let me audition for that part too. He gave me some lines and asked me to come prepared the next day." "The next day Amole was not there, but I still auditioned for the role. It was my luck that Aamir saw the audition clip and asked Amole to let me play that part." "I guess I will always be remembered for my role in 'Taare Zameen Par' and honestly, because of the film I did not have to struggle a lot," he added.
Read more at: http://ibnlive.in.com/news/i-dont-want-to-do-mindless-cinema-says-vipin-sharma/423867-8-66.html?utm_source=ref_article
By the time I did Jannat it was still a bit strange. I had refused it but I am glad I did it. I remember soon after Jannat released I was driving in Bombay and stopped at a cross light. A group of street kids who sell umbrellas, books and many other things on these junctions came running towards me. I first thought they wanted to sell me their merchandise but soon they told me that they had loved my Hamam soap dialog in it. I was quite amazed by how much Bollywood movies have actually become part of the life in India. I mean these kids are not educated and are poor but they see every film - See more at: http://www.indianentertainment.info/2012/01/27/vipin-sharma-exploring-a-new-horizon-within.html#sthash.MCcdVaRu.dpuf
Vipin at the press conference of John Day.
http://bollyspice.com/66610/randeep-hooda-naseeruddin-shah-john-day?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=randeep-hooda-naseeruddin-shah-john-day
Vipin Sharma and Makrand Despande are very engaging in their supporting parts. They make doom seem anything but dull.
http://bollyspice.com/67897/john-day-is-a-restless-edgy-drama-of-the-doomed-and-the-damned-subhash-k-jha-reviews-the-movie?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=john-day-is-a-restless-edgy-drama-of-the-doomed-and-the-damned-subhash-k-jha-reviews-the-movie
"I don't want to do mindless cinema. I want to do something that has a message. My character should convey a message to the society," Vipin, last seen in "John Day" as a police officer, told IANS in a telephonic interview from Mumbai. "Having said that, I understand that all the movies cannot have a message, but then again, I don't want to do something that doesn't make any sense," he added.
Read more at: http://ibnlive.in.com/news/i-dont-want-to-do-mindless-cinema-says-vipin-sharma/423867-8-66.html?utm_source=ref_article
“Acting in such films is like driving through the Mumbai traffic where many people are unnecessarily honking,” quips Sharma as we talk about the standards of acting in mainstream cinema. “See, acting is one profession where you don’t have to do what your designation suggests. An engineer is supposed to do engineering, but an actor should not act. He has to constantly struggle to minimize the acting part. Unfortunately, many don’t understand this in our industry. Perhaps that’s why many still call a supporting actor a character artist. It is an archaic term which has lost its meaning.”
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-features/tp-metroplus/not-just-a-sidekick/article5108090.ece
"I look for something interesting, something unique. The character should create some arc. It has to be very realistic. I just see what kind of human being my character is, and if I like it, I accept it," he said.
Read more at: http://ibnlive.in.com/news/i-dont-want-to-do-mindless-cinema-says-vipin-sharma/423867-8-66.html?utm_source=ref_article
An alumnus of the National School of Drama, Vipin Sharma feels that formal training in the craft is vital for every actor.
"If you have a dental problem, will you go to an untrained dentist? No, then why go for an untrained actor. Training is hugely important for an actor's career. There is something very intriguing about a trained actor," Vipin told. 
He added: "One can easily distinguish between a trained and an untrained actor. Training gives a depth to their performance, so I feel that every actor should undergo a formal training."
"I am mostly working with Indie filmmakers in Bollywood now and that is where I am finding my like-mindedness. I don’t hate mainstream cinema but it very rarely offers films that are greatly entertaining and enlightening at the same time. Just aiming to entertain through an art form is shallow and doesn’t contribute much to any society. In a country like India where there are so many issues that need to be looked into there is a great need of cinema which reflects that. I am attempting to be part of this New Age Cinema that is fast emerging here. I am also slowly going back to performing on stage and soon will be directing my first film as well. - See more at: http://www.indianentertainment.info/2012/01/27/vipin-sharma-exploring-a-new-horizon-within.html#sthash.MCcdVaRu.dpuf

</doc>
<doc id="21436664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436664" title="George W Auch">
George W Auch

George W. Auch (1868-1937) was a builder, educator, and politician from Detroit, Michigan. He was the president of the Detroit school board and served as a city alderman.
Early life.
George W. Auch was born in 1868 in Sebewaing, Michigan, the son of Sebewaing founder J.J.F. Auch. In 1890, George Auch began his studies at Addison College, a Lutheran teacher's college in Addison, Illinois. He graduated in 1893 and began teaching at Bethany Lutheran School on Detroit's east side.
By 1908, Auch and his wife Sofia had nine children, and Auch decided that his teacher's salary wasn't enough to provide for his family. Quitting his teaching job, Auch started a construction business with Herman Winkler. The firm of Winkler and Auch began by working on small residential construction projects. However, by 1912, the firm was constructing schools, churches, and larger commercial buildings.
Politics and public service.
In 1913, Auch was elected school inspector, an office he held until 1917. He was elected president of the Detroit School Board twice during that time, and served as an officer of the National Education Association. Auch served as alderman of the city of Detroit from 1916-1918, running as a Republican.
George W. Auch Company.
During the World War I years, the construction business was slow; at some point during that time, Auch and Winkler parted ways and the George W. Auch Company emerged. During the 1920s, Auch built homes in Detroit's Boston-Edison and Indian Village districts, as well as homes in Grosse Pointe and Grosse Pointe Park.
During the 1930s, Auch's business suffered due to the Great Depression, but his firm did win the carpenrtry contracts for the Historic Trinity Lutheran Church and the United States Marine Hospital in Norfolk, Virginia.
Auch, however, did not live to see his company emerge from the recession. George W. Auch died in 1937 due to lingering complications from an automobile accident. The leadership of the George W. Auch Company passed to his son Fred, who held it until the 1960s. As of 2011, the George W. Auch Company is still in business as a contracting firm.

</doc>
<doc id="21436674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436674" title="Brittany regional election, 2004">
Brittany regional election, 2004

A regional election took place in Brittany on March 21 and March 28, 2004, along with all other regions. Jean-Yves Le Drian (PS) was elected President, defeating incumbent Josselin de Rohan (UMP).

</doc>
<doc id="21436682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436682" title="Bad Music for Bad People">
Bad Music for Bad People

Bad Music for Bad People is the second compilation of previously released material by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on I.R.S. Records and was seen by most fans as a cynical cash-in by the record label following the departure of the band. "Sounds", the now defunct UK music paper, gave the album a five-star review but said, "Miles Copeland's IRS label pick the carrion of their former label mates even cleaner by releasing a watered down version of the "...Off the Bone" singles collection that was released in the UK...The music's still great even if the scheming behind "Bad Music for Bad People" stinks of decay and corruption".

</doc>
<doc id="21436683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436683" title="Princess Taihe">
Princess Taihe

Princess Taihe (太和公主, personal name unknown), later known as Princess Ding'an (定安公主) or Princess Anding (安定公主), was a princess of the Chinese Tang Dynasty and a Khatun (empress) of Huigu. She was married to Huige's Chongde Khan as part of the Heqin system of marriages between Tang princesses and Huigu khans, but suffered through Huigu's subsequent collapse before being welcomed back to the Tang court.
Background and entry into marriage.
It is not known when Princess Taihe was born, although it is known that she was a daughter of Emperor Xianzong (r. 805–820) and Emperor Xianzong's wife Consort Guo, who was born in 795. She was Emperor Xianzong's 10th daughter over all.
Late in Emperor Xianzong's reign, Huigu, then reigned by Baoyi Khan, made repeated overtures to request a Tang princess to be married to Baoyi Khan under the Heqin system. Eventually, after a mission headed by the Huigu diplomat Hedagan (合達干), Emperor Xianzong agreed to have Princess Taihe's older sister Princess Yong'an married to Baoyi Khan — but as Emperor Xianzong died in 820, the marriage never took place. After Baoyi Khan died in 821 and was succeeded by Chongde Khan, Chongde Khan continued to seek marriage with a Tang princess, and he sent a delegation including a number of officials and two Huigu princesses, along with a bride price of horses and camels. Later in 821, Li Heng, who was by now emperor (as Emperor Muzong), agreed to marry Princess Taihe to Chongde Khan. When another neighbor state, Tufan, became aware of the Tang-Huigu marriage, it was incensed and attacked Fort Qingsai (青塞堡, in modern Yulin, Shaanxi), but the Tufan attack was repelled. On August 28, she departed the Tang capital Chang'an, escorted by the general Hu Zheng (胡証), assisted by the other officials Li Xian (李憲) and Yin You (殷侑). Anticipating a possible attempt to Tufan forces to intercept Princess Taihe's train, Huigu forces were dispatched to escort them as well as to attack Tufan's borders. Emperor Muzong issued an edict permitting Princess Taihe to maintain a staff on the same level of staffing as an imperial prince.
Princess Taihe's train did not arrive at the Huigu court until late 822. When they approached the Huigu court, Chongde Khan sent a group of several hundred soldiers to welcome her and escort her to the Huigu court, but Hu declined on the basis that his mission was to escort the princess "to Chongde Khan" and therefore he had to complete that final leg of the mission. After they arrived at the Huigu court and an appropriate date was set, Chongde Khan created her as Khatun — the Khan's wife. The wedding, as described by the "Book of Tang", went in this manner:
Before Hu and his staff were ready to depart, Princess Taihe held a feast for them, and it was said that she wept for over a day and kept them for that duration, before they actually departed. Chongde Khan awarded them with great treasure.
As Khatun.
In 824, Chongde Khan died and was succeeded by his brother Yaoluoge Hesa (藥羅葛曷薩) (as Zhaoli Khan). Princess Taihe remained in Huigu, although it is not clear whether she remarried Zhaoli Khan or any other person. In 832, Zhaoli Khan was assassinated by his subordinates, and his nephew Yaoluge Hu (藥羅葛胡) succeeded him (as Zhangxin Khan).
In 839, after a rebellion by the officials Anyunhe (安允合) and Chaile (柴勒), Zhangxin Khan was able to defeat and kill them, but a subsequent attack by another official, Jueluowu (掘羅勿), along with the Shatuo chief Zhuye Chixin, defeated Zhangxin Khan, and Zhangxin Khan committed suicide. The nobles supported another member of the royal family, Yaoluoge Hesa (藥羅葛闔馺, not same person as Zhaoli Khan) as khan. That year, it was said that in addition to these wars, there was a major plague and major snow storm, causing great deaths of the Huigu livestock and leading to its sudden decline.
In 840, a major Xiajiasi attack on Huigu destroyed the Huigu headquarters, and both Yaoluoge Hesa and Jueluowu were killed in battle. The remaining Huigu forces scattered. In 841, one of the major generals, Wamosi, submitted to Tang (which was then ruled by Emperor Muzong's son Emperor Wuzong), and Emperor Wuzong issued an edict to Wamosi ordering him to seek out Princess Taihe. Meanwhile, though, Princess Taihe was actually taken captive by the Xiajiasi khan Are (阿熱), but Are, who claimed ancestry from the Han Dynasty general Li Ling and thus a common ancestry with Tang emperors (through Li Ling's grandfather Li Guang), treated her with respect and sent a group of generals to escort Princess Taihe back to Tang territory. On the way, though, one of the remnant Huigu leaders who had claimed khan title, Yaoluoge Wuxi (藥羅葛烏希, with title of Wujie Khan) ambushed the Xiajiasi escort and took Princess Taihe. He had her write to Emperor Wuzong requesting that Emperor Wuzong create him the new khan and also lend the border city of Zhenwu (振武, in modern Hohhot, Inner Mongolia) to him to allow him to plan the rebuilding of Huigu. Emperor Wuzong responded with an edict that instructed Wujie Khan to remain outside Tang borders and requested Princess Taihe to personally return to Chang'an to report on Huigu's status.
Wujie Khan did not follow Emperor Wuzong's orders, and Huigu remnants under him pillaged Tang's northern territory in earnest. He also made another request to borrow the border city of Tiande (天德, in modern Bayan Nur, Inner Mongolia), which Emperor Wuzong rejected. Emperor Wuzong further wrote a rebuking letter to Wujie Khan and warning of consequences, again ordering him to have Princess Taihe personally report and make requests. Emperor Wuzong also mobilized the forces of the circuits on the northern border, preparing a major retributive campaign against Wujie Khan. In winter 842, he also had the chancellor Li Deyu write a letter in his own name, addressed to Princess Taihe, sending it to the Huigu remnants along with winter clothes as a gift for Princess Taihe:
In 843, Wujie Khan launched an attack on Zhenwu. Tang forces, commanded by the general Shi Xiong, prepared a surprise counter-attack. When he arrived near the Huigu camp, he noticed that there were some special wagons lined with rugs, and that the servants in those wagons were wearing red- and green-colored robes that appeared to be Chinese. He sent a scout to make contact and found out that these were Princess Taihe's train. He then had the scout again inform Princess Taihe of his plans to attack, and asked her and her servants to remain calm and not move during the attack. At night, he made a surprise attack on Wujie Khan's tent, and Wujie Khan's forces collapsed. Wujie Khan fled, and Shi then escorted Princess Taihe back to Tang territory.
After return to Tang.
On April 4, 843, Princess Taihe arrived at Chang'an. Emperor Wuzong ordered the chancellors and the other officials to welcome and honor her. She took off her grand clothes and jewels, and she approached the palace, apologizing for the failure of her mission. Emperor Wuzong sent eunuchs to comfort her and put her robes and jewels back on, and then welcomed her into the palace. The next day, she had a reunion with her mother Grand Empress Dowager Guo, and she was created the title of Grand Princess Ding'an (per the "New Book of Tang") or Grand Princess Anding (per the "Zizhi Tongjian"). Seven princesses did not attend the welcoming ceremony, and Emperor Wuzong, in anger, took away a portion of their stipend and the silk customarily given to them. This was the last historical reference to her, and it is not known when she died.

</doc>
<doc id="21436685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436685" title="Lichtenvoorde-Groenlo railway station">
Lichtenvoorde-Groenlo railway station

Lichtenvoorde-Groenlo is a railway station for Lichtenvoorde and Groenlo and lies in Lievelde, The Netherlands. The station opened on 24 June 1878 and is located on the Zutphen–Winterswijk railway. The services are operated by Arriva.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Lichtenvoorde-Groenlo:
Bus service.
Operated by Arriva

</doc>
<doc id="21436690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436690" title="Billy Davis">
Billy Davis

Billy Davis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21436697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436697" title="List of Scheduled Monuments in Cheshire dated to before 1066">
List of Scheduled Monuments in Cheshire dated to before 1066

There are over 200 Scheduled Monuments in Cheshire, a county in North West England, which date from the Neolithic period to the middle of the 20th century. This list includes the Scheduled Monuments in Cheshire up to the year 1066, the year accepted by "Revealing Cheshire's Past" as the start of the Medieval period.
A Scheduled Monument is a nationally important archaeological site or monument which is given legal protection by being placed on a list (or "schedule") by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport; English Heritage takes the leading role in identifying such sites. The current legislation supporting this is the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979. The term "monument" can apply to the whole range of archaeological sites, and they are not always visible above ground. Such sites have to have been deliberately constructed by human activity. They range from prehistoric standing stones and burial sites, through Roman remains and Medieval structures such as castles and monasteries, to later structures such as industrial sites and buildings constructed for the World Wars.
At least 84 monuments dating from before 1066 have been scheduled in Cheshire, the oldest probably being The Bridestones, a Neolithic long cairn. The monument at Somerford is also thought to have been a long cairn and there is evidence of a Neolithic settlement at Tatton. The Bronze Age is the period most strongly represented before 1066 with 44 monuments, almost all of which are round barrows. Eleven Iron Age hillforts or promontory forts are scheduled. The period of Roman rule left a variety of scheduled monuments, including the remains of settlements at Heronbridge and Wilderspool, and parts of Chester city walls. Definite or possible Roman military camps have been revealed by aerial photography showing cropmarks and parchmarks. The monuments remaining from the Dark Age and the Saxon period consist mainly of portions of crosses, and there is evidence of Saxon occupation of villages, now deserted, at Tatton and Baddiley.

</doc>
<doc id="21436712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436712" title="Cymatium (gastropod)">
Cymatium (gastropod)

Cymatium is a genus of small to large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Ranellidae, the tritons. 
This genus has numerous species, perhaps as many as 100, some of which have a worldwide distribution. The genus has been divided into at least 10 subgenera. Some authors have elevated those subgenera, giving them the full status of genera, but this is by no means universally accepted.
These sea snails have separate sexes. They lay egg capsules. After hatching, the larvae have a planktonic stage that can (in some species) last several months; this is what enables the very widespread distribution seen in certain species, as the planktonic larvae can be carried great distances before settling to the sea floor.
Subgenera.
There are at least 10 subgenera within the genus "Cymatium" [http://www.jaxshells.org/genus.htm]. These are elevated by some authors to the level of genera.
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) the following species with accepted names are included within the genus "Cymatium" 
"Cymatium" species found in the Western Atlantic include:[http://www.malacolog.org/search.php?mode=findsnail&genus=cymatium&associatedname=&author=&year=&yearend=&Search=Search]
Other species include:

</doc>
<doc id="21436715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436715" title="Walking the Edge">
Walking the Edge

Walking the Edge is a 1983 crime film and action film written by Curt Allen and directed by Norbert Meisel. It stars Robert Forster, Nancy Kwan, Joe Spinell, A Martinez, James McIntire, Wayne Woodson, Luis Contreras.
This film at first seems to be the average run-of-the-mill violent exploitation action drama of the '80s, but as the story unfolds it becomes apparent that the acting, dialogue and characters take it to a different level.
Plot.
In the opening scene, a criminal gang led by Brusstar (Joe Spinell) enters a home with the intention of killing a man. A housewife, Christine (Nancy Kwan), survives the hit that kills her husband and young son. Shocked, she discovers that her upstanding citizen of a husband (played by Phil H. Fravel) was a drug dealer. She decides to take revenge on the criminal gang that has murdered her husband and son.
A "down on his luck" L.A. taxi driver and numbers runner, Jason Walk (Robert Forster) unwittingly becomes involved. He helps her in her quest to survive and take revenge on the people who murdered her family.
Availability.
The film was released on videocassette in 1985 by Vestron Video. Afterwards, Anchor Bay released the film onto DVD in 2000. The DVD contained a commentary by director Norbert Meisel and stars Nancy Kwan and Robert Forster. The DVD has now been discontinued and as of May 24, 2010, no plans have been made to re-release the film onto DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="21436735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436735" title="Fahizah">
Fahizah

Fahizah is the second EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released in 1992 through Lookout! Records and was their first release on Lookout! Records. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Aaron Cometbus except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="21436750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436750" title="Joseph Villeneuve de Janti">
Joseph Villeneuve de Janti

Joseph Villeneuve de Janti (1868–1944) Was a French entomologist who specialised in 
Diptera .
He worked at the Pasteur Institute in Paris and at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in the same city.As well as naming many new taxa Villeneuve made many significant contributions to medical entomology.
He was a Member of the Société entomologique de France.
Works.
Partial list

</doc>
<doc id="21436765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436765" title="Pedro Espada Jr.">
Pedro Espada Jr.

Pedro Espada, Jr. (born October 20, 1953) is an American politician and former Democratic member of the New York Senate for the 33rd Senate District. He was the New York State Senate Majority Leader and Vice President Pro Tempore for Urban Policy of the Senate. He was at the center of the June 2009 change in power in the Senate, one of two Democratic senators who voted to appoint Republican Dean Skelos as Majority Leader; Espada himself was chosen to be Temporary President. After his return to the Democratic caucus on July 9, 2009, Espada was chosen Majority Leader of the New York State Senate. Dogged by scandals, Espada was defeated by Gustavo Rivera on Sept. 14, 2010, in a primary election in his bid to retain his state senate seat 32.66% to Rivera's 62.21%. He was indicted on six federal counts of embezzlement and theft on December 14, 2010, and stripped of his leadership position in the State Senate the same day.
Early life and career.
Espada was born in Coamo, Puerto Rico in 1953 and moved with his family to New York City at the age of five. His family settled in the Mott Haven section of the Bronx, where he attended the New York City Public Schools. He attended Fordham University, where he graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Espada subsequently took graduate level coursework at the Hunter College School of Social Work and also received graduate training certificates from open enrollment programs at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and from the Columbia Mailman School of Public Health, and received certification in 1990 from the Real Estate Institute at NYU's School of Continuing and Professional Studies.
In the late 1970s, Espada was a community organizer and educator in Harlem and the Lower East Side in Manhattan, and in the South Bronx. He established and served as president of the Comprehensive Community Development Corporation and was the executive director of the Soundview Health Center. 
Espada had become head of the tenant's association at Stevenson Commons and led the effort in 1978 to open what became the Soundview Health Center after the city's economic problems led to a decision to not establish a promised clinic in the complex. The empty building that was to have been the clinic was leased by the group and $50,000 in federal grants was obtained, with the first patient taken in October 1981. By 1992, Soundview was offering medical and preventive care to 45,000 patients annually, and was also running a computer literacy program, serving lunch to hundreds of seniors daily and distributing surplus food. "The New York Times" noted that the health center featured Espada's name and image throughout the facility, describing it as having "elements of a cult of personality", though Espada explained that they are there as "The community has to know you" so that "In the end, they will trust you".
Political career.
In 1988, Espada ran in the Democratic primary for the nomination in , which at the time covered the largely Hispanic and African American heart of the South Bronx, against incumbent Robert García. Espada, mounting a challenge against what would normally be a safe seat for renomination, made an issue of García's involvement in the Wedtech scandal, which resulted in the loss of 1,500 jobs in the economically challenged district. In the primary, Espada was endorsed by "The New York Times", which called him "articulate, focused and knowledgeable about health and poverty" based on his experience with the Soundview Health Center and encouraged voters to "send a powerful message by supporting candidates who have been neither burned nor singed". Espada was also endorsed by "El Diario" and "The Amsterdam News", but received few endorsements from political figures. García won renomination with 60 percent of the vote to Espada's 27 percent.
Espada was elected to represent the 32nd District, in the Southeast Bronx, which includes the neighborhoods of Soundview, Hunts Point, Mott Haven and Parkchester, serving in office from 1993 to 1996 and again from 2001 to 2002, with David Rosado holding office in the intervening years. In the 1996 primary, the Bronx Democratic Party took the highly unusual step of running a candidate against the incumbent Democratic Senator, and successfully challenged Espada's petitions in court. Espada ran on the Liberal Party line, and lost to David Rosado, 78% to 21% 
In their 2000 re-match, Espada wrested the Democratic nomination from Rosado, who was forced to defend his seat in the Senate on the Liberal and Working Families Party lines. Espada, having the Democratic line, won the election handily.
In 2001, Espada ran for Bronx Borough President, but was defeated by Adolfo Carrion, Jr. 
In 2002, Espada ran for the Democratic nomination for a seat in the New York City Council, representing the 18th District. He lost to incumbent Ruben Diaz, Sr. by 97 votes. Espada sought a new primary in court, but was denied.
Espada was re-elected to the Senate in 2008 for a seat in the 33rd District, succeeding Efrain Gonzalez. The 33rd District is in the Northwest Bronx, including the neighborhoods of Bedford Park, Fordham, Norwood, and Kingsbridge Heights. 
When his son Pedro Gautier Espada was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1996, the two became the first father and son in the New York State Legislature to represent different districts in the Bronx.
Espada is the first Latino to serve as Majority Leader, and is the highest-ranking Latino elected official in New York State. This position was given to him to help resolve the June 2009 New York Senate coup orchestrated by Espada, then-Senator Hiram Monserrate and the Republican Senate Conference. Monserrate was later removed from office following a conviction for domestic abuse.
Espada voted in favor of same-sex marriage legislation on December 2, 2009, but the bill was defeated.
June 2009 "parliamentary coup".
Though there were still 32 Democrats and 30 Republicans in the Senate, on June 8, 2009, Espada and Hiram Monserrate (D-Queens) were part of what was described by the "Associated Press" as a "parliamentary coup" and voted with the 30 Republican members to install Senator Dean Skelos (R-Nassau) as the new majority leader of the Senate, replacing Senator Malcolm Smith (D-Queens). In a press release posted to his Senate web page, Espada emphasized that "I remain a staunch, reform Democrat. I have not switched parties." and that his actions were intended to help end the "gridlock, paralysis, secretiveness, threats and partisan politics" that the Senate had experienced in the previous months and that he was not part of "a power grab or a coup" but was working to build a coalition to serve the needs of all New Yorkers with open and transparent government. However, when pressed by Wayne Barrett on June 11, 2009 as to whether he felt allegiance to the Democratic party, the Senator claimed he owed nothing to a political party that spent "hundreds of thousands" to defeat his past elections.
The switch was preceded by several weeks of private talks brokered by upstate billionaire Tom Golisano.
In the early evening of July 9, 2009, Espada switched his allegiance back with the Democratic Party, and was then selected the Senate Majority Leader of the New York State Senate.
Controversies.
Espada claims a co-op in Bedford Park as his district residence. However, his primary residence is a $700,000 house in the expensive Westchester County suburb of Mamaroneck. Several residents of the Bronx co-op say they never see him there. The Bronx District Attorney has opened an investigation, the resulting media attention forcing Espada to move into his vacant Bronx apartment.
By the time Espada was elected to the Senate in 2008, he owed in excess of $60,000 in fines to the New York City Campaign Finance Board related to races as far back as his 2001 run for Bronx Borough President. The campaign for his 2008 State Senate run had not registered with the New York State Board of Elections and fines were assessed against Espada's 2000 Senate campaign for required reports that had not been filed. Espada acknowledged that mistakes had been made but insisted that some of the accusations were unfair.
Steven Pigeon, who is a former Erie County, NY Democratic chairman is currently the counsel to Espada. Mr. Pigeon's name has been mentioned in connection with an election scandal in 2007 of the county executive campaign of former West Seneca Supervisor Paul T. Clark. Erie County’s Republican elections commissioner has alleged that former Democratic Chairman G. Steven Pigeon laundered thousands of dollars from Buffalo Sabres owner B. Tom Golisano’s political committee and others in an attempt to conceal the origin and circumvent contribution limits, in violation of state election law.
Espada is also being investigated by federal investigators and the IRS for his ties with a consulting firm called "A-1 Multi-Service LLC" over suspicions that the firm, which appears to not have a valid office, may be a shell company for tax fraud and money laundering.
On April 29, 2010, Espada was hit with yet another civil lawsuit for allegedly pocketing $1.35 million in a sham job trainings program. The suit focuses on "Espada Management Company," a company run by Espada's son and the company that was hired to provide janitorial services for Espada's Soundview Health Clinics. According to the suit, Espada paid the trainees below minimum wage - as little as $1.70/hr - to mop floors and scrub toilets.
Soundview controversy and investigation.
Espada has also been repeatedly criticized for unethical usage of the non-profit Soundview Health Clinic for political reasons. In 2000, he was acquitted on charges of using $200,000 from a Soundview HMO in order to pay off campaign debts from 1996. He was found not guilty by arguing that the HMO was allowed to do as it wished with federal money. Four employees were found guilty of using taxpayer funds to help the campaigns of Espada and his son. In 1996, he was indicted for using $70,000 from a city-financed HMO to fund his unsuccessful reelection campaign. As of 2009, New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo was investigating Espada's use of the Soundview Health Clinic for personal political reasons. Clinic offices also advertise Espada's name on the front canopy, display campaign posters on clinic grounds, and display posters of Espada surrounded by smiling children.
In 2002, the State of New York pulled funding for some of his non-profits due to "administrative deficiencies and apparent misuse of funds." 
On April 20, 2010, New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo formally sued Espada for siphoning $14 million from Soundview Health Clinic for personal expenses. The lawsuit covers 5 years of spending, expenditures which include $80,000 in restaurant bills (which includes $20,000 in sushi delivered to Espada's Mamaroneck home), personal trips - including to Las Vegas and Puerto Rico - and renting a residence required to establish residency in the district for his Senate race in 2008. Attorney General Cuomo stated: "Siphoning money from a charity would be egregious under any circumstances, but the fact that this was orchestrated by the state Senate majority leader makes it especially reprehensible. In New York, no one is above the law, and this suit should finally make that clear to Senator Espada." The investigation is ongoing and, though there are currently no criminal charges, they may be forthcoming.
The lawsuit also seeks to remove Espada from the board of directors of Soundview and replace the current board, which Cuomo has characterized as not an independent body, and "packed with family and friends that Mr. Espada could control directly and indirectly."
Federal and IRS agents raided two of Espada's offices in the Bronx on April 21, 2010 and his office records were subpoenaed the following day.
When being interviewed by WCBS-NY, Espada walked out of the taping of the show "Eye on New York" on April 24, 2010, after reporter Marcia Kramer revisited issues of his actual residence. Espada got testy when Kramer reminded him that when she approached him last year outside his Mamaroneck home, he donned an orange ski cap and held a baby in front of his face to hide from the camera before speeding off in a car driven by his wife Connie Espada.
In "Up Close with Diana Williams" on WABC-NY, Espada's defense has been characterized as turning personal against Andrew Cuomo. Espada has repeatedly called Attorney General Cuomo the "Prince of Darkness" and claims Cuomo's success to be because of the success of his father, former Gov. Mario Cuomo.
Reactions to the Espada investigations.
Several state senators, including fellow Democrats Sen. Neil Breslin, Sen. Darrel Aubertine and Sen. David Valesky, have called for Espada to step down from his leadership positions in the New York State Senate. State Sen. Martin Golden of Brooklyn has also introduced an amendment that would force Espada from his majority leader position.
Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice also says that Espada "cannot lead anymore" amid the investigations against him. State Sen. Eric Schneiderman, a declared Democratic candidate for New York State Attorney General this year, also called for Espada to not only step down from his senate position, but also forfeit his stipend.
On June 9, 2010, residents from the 33rd Bronx district, which Espada currently represents, descended upon Espada's out-of-district Mamaroneck home in Westchester County to protest for his ousting.
On August 3, 2010, Pedro Espada was confronted with protestors at the State Capitol. Espada reacted angrily, took out some money, crumpled it and threw it at the protestors.
Federal indictment.
On December 14, 2010, Espada and his son, Pedro G. Espada, were both indicted on six federal counts of embezzlement and theft. The indictment was by U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch, and also announced by New York State Attorney General and Governor-elect Andrew Cuomo. Both Espadas, father and son, are expected to surrender to federal agents on Wednesday, Dec. 15. According to Attorney General Cuomo, the Espadas embezzled public money for personal use, including purchase of food, Broadway show tickets, and a downpayment for a Bentley car. The pair faces up to 55 years in prison if convicted.
The same day Espada was indicted, he was stripped of his title and position as Senate Majority Leader.
Conviction.
On May 14, 2012 a federal jury found Espada guilty of embezzling money from federally funded healthcare clinics, after 11 days of deliberation. Espada was sentenced to five years in prison.
2010 re-election bid.
Despite being under investigation by the Bronx District Attorney, FBI, IRS, and NYS Attorney General, Pedro Espada ran for re-election to his 33rd State Senate District seat. He was challenged by a number of candidates, including:
The New Roosevelt Initiative (http://www.newrooseveltinitiative.com/) pledged a $250,000 donation to a candidate who seeks to defeat Espada.
The New York State Democratic Committee launched efforts to oust Espada from the party. The week of July 5, the New York Democratic State Committee sent a letter to Bronx party leaders calling for the cancellation of Espada’s membership. They said Espada does not support party goals, having briefly joined with Republicans the previous summer in a power play that ground Senate business to a halt for a month. 
In response, on July 12, 2010, Pedro Espada at a news conference said that charges against him were filed out of racism. Espada said, "If you look brown and you're an immigrant, you're not supposed to have power," outside the Bronx Board of Elections office. Furthermore, Espada proclaimed, "I have God on my side!"
On August 9, 2010, two big labor unions - the 1199 SEIU and 32BJ - endorsed Espada's opponent for the 33rd district seat.
Espada lost the primary election to Gustavo Rivera on September 14, 2010, 32.66% to 62.21%. In his concession speech, Espada blamed unions, outside influence, and the media for his defeat. Espada also refused to call primary winner Rivera personally.

</doc>
<doc id="21436767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436767" title="Bernadett Ferling">
Bernadett Ferling

Bernadett Ferling (born 13 July 1977 in Tatabánya) is a Hungarian handball player currently playing for Dunaújvárosi NKS and the Hungarian national team. Between 2009 and 2011 she also served as the club president of Dunaújváros.
Career.
Club.
Born to a sporting family, her mother is a former handball player while his father is a retired footballer. Moved to Dunaújváros as an unknown teenager, but thanks to her outstanding performances she quickly became a beloved player by the fans.
She played a big part of the club's success story, in which Dunaújváros transformed into one of the best and most feared clubs in Europe. They regularly reached the latest stage of the continental competitions, winning their first title, namely the EHF Cup in 1998 after a double victory over HC Banská Bystrica in the finals. Ferling took the Hungarian league and cup gold that year as well, which was followed by another four domestic championship and cup success until 2004.
Next year the Danube-side team entered the EHF Champions League and there was nothing that could prevent them from lifting the most prestigious European trophy. They irresistibly marched through the quarterfinals and semifinals, beating Ikast and Hypo Niederösterreich en route, to face Krim Ljubljana in the finals. Dunaújváros secured a two goal advantage on the first leg and achieved a 26–26 draw in Slovenia, which was just enough to win the title. Later that year Ferling also collected the EHF Champions Trophy.
From the mid-2000s, because of their worsening financial situation and parallelly the strengthening of the rivals, Dunaújváros slowly lost their dominant position and eventually hit rock bottom in 2009, when they could not fulfil payments and most of their players left. To save the team from cessation, a new, fully independent board took over the club, led by Ferling, who has taken the presidential role, joined by other loyal players such as Erzsébet Kocsis, who was voted IHF World Player of the Year in 1995, and long-serving playmaker Gabriella Gáspár.
International.
She made her international debut on 22 November 2000. She has become a regular member of the Hungarian national team for 2002, but due to a recurrent injury she was unable to participate on the European Championship that year.
In 2003 she took part on the World Championship in Croatia, where Hungary won the silver medal. She added another two medals to her success list, after winning bronze both on the 2004 European Championship and the 2005 World Championship.
She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, and finished fifth with the Hungarian team. She played at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where the Hungarian team finished fourth, after losing 20–22 to Russia in the semifinal, and 28–33 to South Korea in the bronze match.
Personal.
She got married to László Orsó in 2003. In September 2008 it was revealed that Ferling is in a delicate condition, and as a result she stayed away from handball for the rest of the season. On 5 May 2009 she gave birth to a girl, named Virág. Ferling played her first competitive match after her maternity leave on 6 September 2009 against Siófok KC.

</doc>
<doc id="21436779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436779" title="Platelet adhesiveness">
Platelet adhesiveness

Platelet adhesiveness refers to the processes or factors which lead to the adhesion of platelets to other structures.
It can be contrasted with platelet aggregation, which refers to the processes or factors which lead to the adhesion of platelets to other platelets.

</doc>
<doc id="21436788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436788" title="Jos Daerden">
Jos Daerden

Jozef 'Jos' Daerden () (born 26 November 1954 in Tongeren) is a
Belgian former football player and most recently manager of a Hungarian club Újpest FC.
Career.
He formerly played with K.S.K. Tongeren, Standard de Liège, Roda JC, K. Beerschot V.A.C. and Germinal Ekeren.
International career.
Daerden played 5 times with the Belgian national team between 1982 and 1984.
Coaching career.
He coached K.S.K. Beveren, Lommel S.K., Standard de Liège, Lierse S.K., K.R.C. Genk, R.A.E.C. Mons, Germinal Beerschot and FC Metalurh Donetsk. On 3 September 2009 Germinal Beerschot have hired Daerden to replace Aimé Anthuenis until the end of the season. In June 2010 Daerden moved to Dutch champion FC Twente to become the assistant coach to Michel Preud'homme. On 28 June 2011, he signed a one year deal to become the head coach of newly relegated club S. du Pays de Charleroi 
Personal.
His son is footballer Koen Daerden.

</doc>
<doc id="21436812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436812" title="Aobadai, Meguro, Tokyo">
Aobadai, Meguro, Tokyo

Geography.
The Aobadai district borders Shinsenchō, Nanpeidaichō, Hachiyamachō and Sarugakuchō on the north across ; Kamimeguro on the south; and Higashiyama, Ōhashi, Komaba on the west and northwest across .
A hillside neighborhood in Aobadai 2-chōme is known as , literally meaning "Saigō Mountain." It was named so because Saigō Tsugumichi, a Meiji-period politician and a younger brother of Saigō Takamori, owned a mansion there. The mansion has already been moved to the Meiji Mura museum in Inuyama, Aichi for preservation. Today, the site where Saigō's house existed is home to recreation parks including and ; its surrounding area is known to be one of the most upscale residential neighborhood in Tokyo.
Embassies.
The embassies housed in Aobadai includes Egypt and Senegal.
Education.
Aobadai is home to an 1875-established elementary school, .
The institution of higher education located in this district is Sanno University. Although its main campus is located in Isehara, Kanagawa, the university maintains the "Daikanyama Campus" in this district. Note that although Aobadai is administratively one of the Meguro districts, it is in everyday sense considered to belong to the Daikanayama, Shibuya area.
The Aoba - Japan International School is also located in Aobadai.

</doc>
<doc id="21436835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436835" title="Deepa Bhatia">
Deepa Bhatia

Deepa Bhatia is a Bollywood film editor. She is married to screenwriter, Amole Gupte. She has one son called Partho Gupte. She is an alumna of Sophia Polytechnic.
Awards.
Star Screen Awards

</doc>
<doc id="21436838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436838" title="The Ilikai">
The Ilikai

The Ilikai is a landmark oceanfront high rise hotel and condominium at the western end of Waikiki in Honolulu, Hawai'i. When it opened in 1964, the Ilikai was the first luxury high rise hotel in Hawai'i.
The Ilikai is also well known, outside of Honolulu travelers and residents, for appearing prominently in the opening credits of the long running TV series "Hawaii Five-O". The show's star, Jack Lord, is standing on the Ilikai penthouse balcony when a helicopter dramatically rises up behind him. This same sequence is used in the opening credits of the 2010 remake, with Alex O'Loughlin in the lead role.
History.
The Ilikai was the idea of Chinn Ho, a self made millionaire. The building was designed by John Graham, Jr., who also designed the Seattle Space Needle. The original building features three wings radiating from a central point in a "Y" shape. Another unique architectural feature is the external glass elevator, which runs express to the top floor. A shorter single wing building was added later, across the open air lobby and pool.
In 1974 Chinn Ho sold the property to hotel chain Marriott International. In 2000, the property was renamed Ilikai Waikiki Hotel and reflagged to Marriott's Renaissance line.
In 2006, the hotel portion was purchased by Brian Anderson and Anekona Development Group. In 2009, the hotel, which was facing foreclosure, was acquired by New York-based iStar Financial. They own the 203 units that make up the hotel portion of the Ilikai. Honolulu-based Aqua Hotels and Resorts is currently running the property. 
Ronald and Nancy Reagan (1968) are some of the many celebrities that have stayed in the Ilikai Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="21436851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436851" title="Brittany regional election, 1998">
Brittany regional election, 1998

A regional election took place in Brittany, France, on March 15, 1998, along with all other regions. 

</doc>
<doc id="21436853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436853" title="List of Highways in Iraq">
List of Highways in Iraq

Iraq has a network of highways connecting it from the inside among the Iraq provinces and to the outside neighbouring countries: Iran, Turkey, Syria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. When Saddam visited the United States in the 1980s, he was impressed by the size and infrastructure of the Highway system. He ordered his engineers to build highways in the American form - wide lanes, shoulders and clover leafs.
Statistics on Roads in Iraq.
"total:"
45,550 km 
<br>"paved:"
38,400 km,
<br>"unpaved:"
7,150 km (1996 est.)

</doc>
<doc id="21436856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436856" title="Mainz Psalter">
Mainz Psalter

The Mainz Psalter was the second major book printed with movable type in the West; the first was the Gutenberg Bible. It is a psalter commissioned by the Mainz archbishop in 1457. The Psalter introduced several innovations: it was the first book to feature a printed date of publication, a printed colophon, two sizes of type, printed decorative initials, and the first to be printed in three colours. The colophon also contains the first example of a printer's mark. It was the first important publication issued by Johann Fust and Peter Schoeffer following their split from Johannes Gutenberg.
Description.
The Psalter combines printed text with two-colour woodcuts: since both woodcuts and movable print are relief processes, they could be printed together on the same press. The Psalter is printed using black and red inks, with two-colour initials, and large coloured capitals printed in blue and red inks. These capitals were partly the work of the artisan known as the Fust master, who later also worked for Fust and Schöffer on the 1462 Bible. The musical score accompanying the psalms was provided in manuscript, and may have been the model for the type style. Printing in two colors, although feasible on the moveable press of Gutenberg's time (as illustrated by the Mainz Psalter), was apparently abandoned soon afterward as being too time-consuming, as few other examples of such a process are extant. 
Two versions were printed, the short issue and long issue. The short has 143 leaves, and the long has 175 and was intended for use in the diocese of Mainz. All surviving copies and fragments are on vellum, and it is not known if any paper copies were printed. At least one copy was still being used in services in a monastery in the mid-eighteenth century.
Date.
The Psalter is the earliest European book with a printed date of publication, though not the first printed book to feature a date associated with its production: in August 1456 the binder and rubricator of a copy of the Gutenberg Bible added handwritten dates to show when these tasks were completed. 
The colophon can be translated as follows:
New editions, using the same type, were printed in 1459 (dated August 29), 1490, 1502 (Schöffer's last publication) and 1516.
Surviving copies.
Ten copies of the 1457 edition are known, as listed below. Many fragments also survive.
See also.
Incunable

</doc>
<doc id="21436860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436860" title="Tründle and Spring">
Tründle and Spring

Tründle and Spring is the debut EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was originally released in 1991 through No Reality Records. The EP was later re-released through Duotone Records and Take a Day Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Aaron Cometbus. 
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="21436873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436873" title="Zoran Kulić">
Zoran Kulić

Zoran Kulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Кулић; born 19 August 1975) is a former Serbian professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="21436877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436877" title="Sexual Attitude Reassessment">
Sexual Attitude Reassessment

A Sexual Attitude Reassessment, sometimes Sexual Attitude Restructuring, (SAR) seminar is a process-oriented, structured group experience to promote participants' awareness of their attitudes and values related to sexuality, and to assist them in understanding how these attitudes and values affect them professionally and personally. Since the primary purpose of a SAR is the examination of attitudes and values, it is not a traditional academic experience designed to disseminate cognitive information, nor is it psychotherapy directed toward the resolution of personal problems.
A SAR provides an opportunity for participants to explore and understand their beliefs, attitudes, values and biases within the realm of sex and sexuality. This self-exploration and self-understanding facilitates comfort that ultimately fosters improved communication skills, both on a professional and a personal level.
By becoming increasingly aware of their perceptions, beliefs, and feelings, participants become increasingly comfortable with the wide variation of existing sexual attitudes, behaviours, practices, and even sub-cultures. This comfort is necessary for sexual health professionals, and is also beneficial for individuals striving for personal growth and the development of healthy personal relationships.
During a SAR, participants examine sexuality and sexual attitudes from numerous perspectives using a variety of images. The nature of a SAR requires that some of the media be explicit. The use of explicit media is necessary for increasing self-awareness and personal comfort with the many areas of sex and sexuality. In addition to the personal growth, the event involves small group discussions during which participants are challenged with the opportunity to practice their professional or interpersonal skills.

</doc>
<doc id="21436900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436900" title="Paul Neergaard">
Paul Neergaard

Pierre Paul Ferdinand Mourier de Neergaard (Nyborg, February 19, 1907 - Copenhagen, November 13, 1987) was a Danish agronomist and esperantist.
Paul Neergaard is considered the father of seed pathology and, along with Mary Noble coined the term in the 1940s.
Neergaard served as Director of the Danish Government Institute of Seed Pathology for Developing Countries in Copenhagen. From 1956 to 1974 he served as the Chairman of the Plant Disease Committee of the International Seed Testing Association (ISTA). During his tenure as Chair of ISTA, he helped standardize methods for the detection of seed borne fungi.
Neergaard authored a two-volume text entitled "Seed Pathology" (1977), that focused on a wide variety of seed pathology issues, ranging from the economic significance of seedborne diseases to the assessment of seed borne inoculum. It has served as a reference and teaching standard for the science of seed pathology throughout the world.
Neergard was a professor in Universities in Beirut (Lebanon) and Mysore and was a member of several national Academies and international societies.
Paul Neergard was an active promoter of the international language Esperanto. He was a member of the Academy of Esperanto, and published several books in that language, about science and linguistics.

</doc>
<doc id="21436912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436912" title="Begone Dull Care (album)">
Begone Dull Care (album)

Begone Dull Care is the third studio album by Canadian synthpop duo Junior Boys, released in 2009. The album was released on March 24 in Canada and April 7 in the United States.
It is named for "Begone Dull Care", a short film by National Film Board animator Norman McLaren inspired by the music of Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson, which influenced the album's conception and creation. The front cover gives the band name in French, along with "Caprice en Couleurs", the French title of the film; the entirety of the liner notes is presented bilingually, including song titles.
Track listing.
iTunes bonus track

</doc>
<doc id="21436915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436915" title="Sylosis">
Sylosis

Sylosis is a British heavy metal band from Reading, Berkshire. They have released three studio albums, their first being 2008's "Conclusion of an Age".
History.
Formation and "Conclusion of an Age" (2000–2009).
Sylosis was formed in 2000 by original member Josh Middleton when he was 15. Over the years they went through various lineup changes, playing only a few gigs due to the members being unable to drive and being in school and also due to the fact that there was no underground metal scene at the time. Sylosis released a couple of EPs in the UK on a small indie label, In at the Deep End Records. In December 2007 Sylosis signed with Nuclear Blast, and they released their debut album in October 2008.
On the style of their debut album, "Conclusion of an Age", lead guitarist Josh Middleton remarked, "The foundation of our sound is old school Bay Area thrash. We don't downtune and we don't play breakdowns. We do like to incorporate lots of different metal styles and textures into our music. We like make all of our songs really epic. We like progressive stuff, brutal stuff and melodic stuff." After recording their debut album, guitarist Gurneet Ahluwalia was replaced by ex-Viatrophy guitarist Alex Bailey, ready for the early 2009 European tour with The Black Dahlia Murder, Cephalic Carnage and Psycroptic.
Sylosis were one of the opening acts on the Tuborg (third) stage at Download Festival held at Castle Donington, along with appearances at the New England Metal and Hardcore Festival, and an opening slot on the Bohemia stage at Sonisphere Festival. A UK headline tour has been announced for October/November 2009, but was cancelled as the band were offered an opening slot on the Dragonforce UK tour in November/December 2009. 
In May 2010, Sylosis parted ways with singer Jamie Graham; Middleton took on vocal duties.
2010 Tours (2010).
At the beginning of 2010, Sylosis were announced as the main support for Fear Factory's European comeback tour. The October File also took part in this tour. The tour ran through the middle of February taking in several stops before finishing with a show at The Camden Town Electric Ballroom in London. The band are following up the Fear Factory tour with a headlining tour across the UK throughout late February and early March playing venues all across the country. Sylosis guitarist Josh Middleton also stated in an interview with rocksins.com just before Christmas 2009 that the band would like to be playing the summer festival circuit in 2010. Notably, Sylosis will be performing in Avalanche, the rock show of Moksha, the annual cultural festival of Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT) in New Delhi, India on 27 March 2010.
On 8 August 2010 they played at the Hevy Music Festival held near Folkestone, Kent. They announced that their 2nd album
is due out next year, and played 2 new songs: "Sands Of Time" and "Altered States". "Altered States" was later renamed to "Altered States Of Consciousness".
Sylosis replaced Rise to Remain during the UK leg of As I Lay Dying's European tour in 2010.
"Edge of the Earth", "Monolith" and recent events (2010-present).
Sylosis entered the studio in 2010 to record their second full-length studio album, entitled "Edge of the Earth"; it was released in March 2011.
They recorded a third studio album titled "Monolith" with Romesh Dodangoda in Wales at Monnow Valley Studio. "Monolith" was released on 5 October 2012 in Germany, 8 October 2012 in UK & Europe, 9 October 2012 in USA, and 10 October 2012 in Japan via Nuclear Blast Records. Sylosis were originally slated to go on tour with Devin Townsend and Fear Factory on the Epic Industrialist tour but announced via their Facebook page that due to their own touring commitments that they had to cancel their appearance on that tour. It was announced two days later that Sylosis had been asked by Lamb of God to go on their US tour starting on 30 October in Phoenix, Arizona and will run through till 16 December. To celebrate the release of their 3rd studio album "Monolith" Sylosis played an album release party in their home town of Reading where the album was available a day before its official release date. On October 2 Sylosis made the entire album available for streaming for a limited time. Since January, 2013 the band have had a high profile touring schedule completing a successful UK headline tour as well featuring on the Soundwave Fesitval in Australia. They also carried out a tour with the bands Hellyeah, In Flames and, headliner Lamb of God in late 2012. The band has a main supporting role on a tour with Killswitch Engage in Europe during April and May 2013. Sylosis was announced as the opening band for the Trivium and Devildriver North American co-headline tour with After the Burial as another supporting band. The tour was scheduled for October and November.
On the 25th of September, the members of Sylosis were involved in an RV accident, which resulted in the withdrawal of their shows supporting Trivium and DevilDriver on their upcoming tours, as the crash rendered them too physically unfit to continue touring.
On the 5th of June, 2014, Josh Middleton, the band's front man posted a picture of himself recording vocals onto Facebook, indicating the release of a new Sylosis album sometime in late 2014 or early 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="21436916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436916" title="Cathy Connolly">
Cathy Connolly

Cathy Connolly (born September 15, 1956) is an American professor and politician from Wyoming. A Democrat, she is a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the state's 13th district in Albany County. She is also a tenured professor at the University of Wyoming in Laramie.
The 13th district (map) falls entirely within the city of Laramie and contains a central portion of the city. Connolly was first elected to the legislature in 2008, winning the primary election unopposed. A Republican, Ember Oakley, filed to run against her in the general election but withdrew on August 29. She was therefore elected without opposition. She succeeded Democrat Jane Warren and took office in January 2009. In the 2009 legislature, she was appointed to the House Education Committee, to the House Travel, Recreation, Wildlife and Cultural Resources Committee and to the Select Committee on Legislative Facilities. She faced no opposition in 2010 and is running unopposed for re-election in 2012.
A native of Troy, New York, Connolly earned her B.S. from Buffalo State College. She then received three postgraduate degrees from the State University of New York at Buffalo: a Master of Arts (1989), a Juris Doctor (1991) and a PhD (1992).
She moved to Laramie, Wyoming in 1992 when she accepted a faculty position at the University of Wyoming. Until 2000, she served as an adjunct professor in the Women's Studies Program in the College of Arts and Sciences. In 2000, she became director of the program, a post she held until 2006. Since 2006, she has been a professor, following six years as an associate professor in the sociology department.
She has volunteered with the Wyoming Council for the Humanities and has served on the board of directors of Albany County SAFE Project and United Gays and Lesbians of Wyoming (now Wyoming Equality). She spent several years as a grant reviewer for the State Division of Victim Services and currently serves as a member of the State Department of Workforce Services' wage gap policy group. She is also a former chair of the parent board at Laramie's Whiting High School.
A lesbian, she has a son, Lucas. She is the first ever openly gay member of the Wyoming State Legislature. She has authored a number of articles on sexuality including "Out in the cowboy state: a look at lesbian and gay lives in Wyoming", published in the Journal of Gay and Lesbian Social Services in 2007. Connolly represents Laramie, the city in which Matthew Shepard was murdered in 1998 in an anti-gay hate crime that made headlines worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="21436926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436926" title="Objetivo Fama (season 6)">
Objetivo Fama (season 6)

The sixth season of Objetivo Fama will begin in 2009. The season will feature a panel of judges that will include returning judges Roberto Sueiro and Hilda Ramos, and newcomer judge, singer Abraham. He will replace Fernando Allende. The season will be hosted by Puerto Rican singer Giselle.
Auditions.
Auditions were held in several towns and cities of Puerto Rico.
Final Cutdown.
Out of each audition, a group of 16 contestants were selected. Like the first season, this will feature only Puerto Rican contestants.
The 16 selected contestants were:
Weekly Shows.
Quarter-Finals.
First Show: February 7.
The songs performed during the first show were:
Second Show: February 14.
The songs performed during the second show were:
Third Show: February 21.
The songs performed during the third show were:
Fourth Show: February 28.
The songs performed during the fourth show were:
Fifth Show: March 7.
The songs performed during the fifth show were:
Sixth Show: March 14.
The songs performed during the sixth show were:
Semi-Finals.
Seventh Show: March 21.
The songs performed during the seventh show were:
Eight Show: March 28.
The songs performed during the eight show were:
Ninth Show: April 4.
The songs performed during the ninth show were:
Tenth Show: April 11.
The songs performed during the tenth show were:
Eleventh Show: April 18.
The songs performed during the eleventh show were:
Twelfth Show: April 26.
The songs performed during the eleventh show were:
Thirteen Show: May 2.
The songs performed during the eleventh show were:
Fourteenth Show: May 9.
The songs performed during the eleventh show were:

</doc>
<doc id="21436935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436935" title="Newfoundland and Labrador Tankard">
Newfoundland and Labrador Tankard

The Newfoundland and Labrador Tankard is the Newfoundland and Labrador provincial championship for men's curling. The winner represents Team Newfoundland and Labrador at the Tim Hortons Brier.

</doc>
<doc id="21436936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436936" title="Bernadett Bódi">
Bernadett Bódi

Bernadett Bódi (born 9 March 1986 in Szeged) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC and the Hungarian national team.
She made her international debut on 2 March 2005 against Denmark. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where the Hungarian team finished fourth, after losing 20–22 to Russia in the semifinal, and 28–33 to South Korea in the bronze match.
She also played on two European Championships (2008, 2010), and was present on the World Championship in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21436944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436944" title="Anne McLaughlin">
Anne McLaughlin

Anne McLaughlin (born 8 March 1966) is a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician and was a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Glasgow between 2009 and 2011. She has since unsuccessfully contested the Glasgow Provan constituency in the May 2011 Scottish Parliament election and the June 2011 UK Parliament by-election for the Inverclyde constituency.
Electoral history.
McLaughlin comes from Greenock but has lived in Glasgow for many years. She contested Glasgow Springburn in the 2007 Scottish Parliament election, finishing second, and had previously contested the Glasgow Rutherglen seat at the 2001 UK General Election (again finishing second) and the similar Glasgow Rutherglen seat at the 2003 Scottish Parliament election. She was SNP campaign co-ordinator when John Mason won the Glasgow East by-election, 2008.
Member of the Scottish Parliament: 2009–2011.
McLaughlin became a regional member for Glasgow (Scottish Parliament region) on 6 February 2009, following the death of Bashir Ahmad, as the next person on the SNP's regional list. Before this she was employed as a researcher for the MSP Bob Doris. She caused controversy by blogging photographs taken within the Scottish Parliament building. She has championed the cause of English language skills in Glasgow school-children. She was a member of the Public Audit and Public Petitions parliamentary committees (2009–2011).
Inverclyde by-election, 2011.
She was chosen by party members at a selection meeting in Greenock to contest the Inverclyde by-election, 2011. However Labour retained the seat on a 5,835 majority which was reduced from 14,416.

</doc>
<doc id="21436957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436957" title="Prospect Mountain">
Prospect Mountain

Prospect Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21436963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436963" title="Lingzhao Xincun Station">
Lingzhao Xincun Station

Lingzhao Xincun () is the name of a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and has opened on July 5, 2009.
It is located near the junction of Jiyang Road and Lingzhao Road, in Shanghai's Pudong New Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21436968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436968" title="Sonny Hill">
Sonny Hill

William Randolph "Sonny" Hill (born July 22, 1936) is a former basketball player and announcer. He is a member of the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame, and current sports radio personality for WIP-AM 610 in Philadelphia. He also serves as an executive advisor for the Philadelphia 76ers. He is known as "Mr. Basketball" in Philadelphia for founding the eponymous Sonny Hill League and for his many contributions to the game.
Biography.
Early life.
Hill was born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After graduating from Northeast High School He attended college for two years and then joined the Eastern Basketball League. Publicly, Sonny prides himself and his professional status as "retired", and although he is presently holding such esteemed positions as Executive Advisor to the Philadelphia 76ers, to those who know him best, his true title has always been "inventor."
Hill is the father of filmmaker K. Brent Hill
Playing career.
Sonny played college basketball and semi-professionally in the Eastern Basketball League from 1958 to 1967. He is also credited with playing a game of H.O.R.S.E against The CEO of Bugle Boy Jeans that lasted 9 days long. The game ended in a draw.
Broadcasting career.
Hill has hosted a weekly show on WIP-AM (610) since 1987. He began his broadcast career in 1969 as a color commentator with Andy Musser for the Philadelphia 76ers. He was also a commentator with the "NBA on CBS" from 1972 until 1977.
The Sonny Hill League.
The Sonny Hill Community Involvement League is an amateur summer basketball organization in the Delaware Valley. Founded in 1968, the league was established as a safe haven to the gang warfare and violence. The league began as an extension of the Charles Baker Memorial League, and consists of more than 60 teams serving more than 800 student athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="21436969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436969" title="John Greig (bishop)">
John Greig (bishop)

John Harold Greig was Bishop of Gibraltar then Guildford in the first half of the 20th century. He was born on 13 February 1865 and educated at Pembroke College, Cambridge. He was ordained deacon in 1888 and priest a year later. After a curacy at St Bartholomew’s, Sydenham he was "Wilberforce Missioner" in South London then Vicar of St Paul’s, Lorrimore Square; and later became Archdeacon of Worcester before his elevation to the Episcopate. He died on 28 March 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="21436976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436976" title="Cian McCarthy">
Cian McCarthy

Cian McCarthy (born 3 September 1989 in Glanmire, County Cork, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Sarsfield's and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2010.
Biography.
Born in Glanmire, County Cork, McCarthy was born into a family that was steeped in Gaelic games. His father, Teddy McCarthy, was a renowned dual player with Cork and remains the only player to have won All-Ireland medals in both hurling and football in the same year.
Playing career.
Club.
McCarthy plays his club hurling with his local club called Sarsfield's and has enjoyed much success. He first came to prominence as a member of the club's minor team in 2007. That year Sarsfield's played Midleton in the final of the county minor championship. A decisive 2-15 to 1-8 score line gave Sras the win and gave McCarthy a county minor winners' medal.
McCarthy subsequently joined the Sarsfield's senior hurling team. It was the beginning of a hugely successful period for the club as, in his debut year in 2008, McCarthy's side qualified for the final of the county senior championship. A narrow 2-14 to 2-13 victory over Bride Rovers gave McCarthy a coveted county senior winners' medal and gave Sars a first county final win since 1957.
In 2009 Sarsfield's had the chance to make history by putting back-to-back county titles together. After reaching the championship decider for the second year in succession, Newtownshandrum provided the oppoistion. A rout took place on that occasion as Newtown won the game by 3-22 to 1-12.
Sarsfield's proved that this defeat was only a temporary set-back as the club reached a third successive county final in 2010. Glen Rovers provided the opposition and a close game developed. McCarthy gave an inspirational performance, scoring eight points and collecting the man of the match award, as Sarsfield's won the game by 1-17 to 0-18. It was also a second county championship title for McCarthy.
Inter-county.
McCarthy was called up due to the 2008-2009 Cork Hurlers strike.

</doc>
<doc id="21436978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436978" title="Ilana">
Ilana

Ilana () is a Hebrew name meaning "tree", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21436981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436981" title="WAEW">
WAEW

WAEW (1330 AM) is a radio station licensed to Crossville, Tennessee, USA. The station is owned by Peg Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21436983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436983" title="Carol Bowman">
Carol Bowman

Carol Bowman M.S. (born October 14, 1950) is an author, lecturer, counselor, and therapist, known for her work in studying cases of reincarnation, especially those involving young children.
Her first two books, "Children's Past Lives" (Bantam, 1997) and "Return from Heaven" (HarperCollins, 2001), about reincarnation, have been published in more than twenty three foreign languages.
Bowman has also been a practicing past life regression therapist for adults for more than twenty-five years. She studied with pioneers in the field of past life regression, and holds an M.S. in counseling from Villanova University, after graduating from Simmons College in Boston.
She has been a leading spokesperson for children's past lives since the publication of her books. She has appeared on many TV and radio programs, including "Oprah", "Good Morning America", "Unsolved Mysteries", "ABC Primetime", "The Katie Couric Show", and "The Art Bell Show", as well as shows on A&E, Discovery Channel and the BBC. She has lectured in Norway, Belgium, Spain, Ireland, and the Netherlands, and has spoken at the Omega Institute and for the Edgar Cayce Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="21436986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436986" title="Gabriel Camps">
Gabriel Camps

Gabriel Camps (May 20, 1927 – September 7, 2002) was a French historian, founder of the "Encyclopédie berbère" and considered a prestigious scholar in Berber historical studies.
Biography.
Gabriel Camps was born in Misserghin, French Algeria. He studied first in Oran later in Algiers and graduated as PhD at Algiers University with a research about Massinissa, called "Aux origines de la Berbérie" (To the origins of the Berbers).
In 1959, Gabriel Camps entered the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS). From 1962 to 1969, he worked as director of the Centre de recherches anthropologiques, préhistoriques et ethnologiques (CRAPE) and of the National Ethnographic and Prehistoric Museum of Bardo at Algiers. He also directed the Institut de recherches sahariennes and the magazine "Libyca".
In 1969, he moved to Aix-en-Provence, where he worked as professor of the University of Provence. There he founded the Laboratoire d'anthropologie et de préhistoire de la Méditerranée occidentale (LAPMO), frequented by numerous students, mostly from Maghreb countries.
Gabriel Camps studied the pre-Roman epochs of North Africa, but also the Berber kingdoms, the African tribes, the Libyan scripts, and the Punic world. Most of this work focussed on Berber history and in 1984 he was the founder and first editor-in-chief of the "Encyclopédie berbère", launched under the aegis of UNESCO.
The biggest part of Camps's research was done in Algeria, although he worked also on Corsica.
He died in 2002 in Aix-en-Provence; on his death, the Algerian Minister of Culture expressed his condolences to the University.

</doc>
<doc id="21436987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436987" title="Luheng Road Station">
Luheng Road Station

Luheng Road () is the name of a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and has opened on July 5, 2009. 
It is located near the junction of Puxing Highway and Luheng Road in Pudong New Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21436991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21436991" title="Pujiang Town Station">
Pujiang Town Station

Pujiang Town () is the name of a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and has opened on July 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21437007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437007" title="Jiangyue Road Station">
Jiangyue Road Station

Jiangyue Road () is the name of a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and opened on July 5, 2009. It is located near the junction of Puxing Highway and Jiangyue Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21437016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437016" title="WAKI">
WAKI

WAKI (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Mcminnville, Tennessee, USA. The station is owned by Peg Broadcasting, LLC.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21437024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437024" title="Andrew of Cornwall">
Andrew of Cornwall

Andrew of Cornwall (Andreas Cornubiensis, Andreas de Cornubia, André de Cornouailles) (fl. 1290s) was a philosopher at Oxford during the 1290s. He is thought to have introduced Parisian Modism into England, and possibly to have influenced the young Duns Scotus. These conclusions are tentative, since we are almost totally ignorant of the details of Andrew's life, and the dates and location of his activities are not certain.

</doc>
<doc id="21437028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437028" title="Lianhang Road Station">
Lianhang Road Station

Lianhang Road () is the name of a station on Shanghai Metro Line 8.
This elevated station is part of the second phase of Line 8 in Minhang District. It is located at Puxing Highway and Lianyi Road.

</doc>
<doc id="21437033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437033" title="Kondaparthy">
Kondaparthy

Kondaparthy is an ancient village in Warangal district, which is located 12 km from Warangal city in Andhra Pradesh.
"Konda" which means "hill" and "parthy" means "living place" in the local language Telugu which is one of the Dravidian languages. The village is surrounded by three hills, hence it is called as Kondaparthy. Historically this village is ruled by "Kakatiya Dynasty" which is the strongest dynasty in south India.

</doc>
<doc id="21437039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437039" title="Liao Yu-cheng">
Liao Yu-cheng

Liao Yu-cheng (; born September 4, 1980 in Taoyuan, Taiwan) is a former Taiwanese professional baseball player who belonged to the Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.
Liao was a submarine pitcher and was given the nickname Golden Submarine due to Brother Elephant's yellow uniform.
Early life.
In senior high school Liao was originally an outfielder until the team's pitching coach noticed him throw a 93 mph fastball and encouraged him to become a pitcher.
In the 2004 CPBL Draft, La New Bears and Macoto Cobras noticed Liao pitch up to 88 mph with a sidearm delivery and both teams welcomed Liao to enter the Draft. With no other teams attentions, Brother Elephants picked up Liao in the first round of draft.
Professional career.
In his first career season, Liao pitched only one game: three innings earning two runs. The Elephants were ready to release Liao; and the Bears were ready to claim him however the 2005 manager convinced the team to keep Liao; he thought that Liao could be an excellent pitcher and just needed a chance.
In the 2006 season, the pitching coach made Liao a starting pitcher.
On May 10, 2007 Liao got his first career win in CPBL.
In the 2008 CPBL season, he gained the ERA Championship Award and the Most Progressive Award. Liao later participated in the 2009 World Baseball Classic and showed up in the Round 1 Pool A match between Chinese Taipei and South Korea, the eventual runner-up. He was allowed one point in his 3-inning pitching and his performance was praised by South Korean manager Kim In-Sik.
After the 2009 Taiwan Series Liao came under investigation for game fixing allegations. On January 6, 2010, Liao confessed to the Banciao District Prosecutors' Office that in 2007 when he was a minor player with only NT$55,000 (ca. USD$1,700) monthly salary, he accepted NT$600,000 (ca. USD$18,500) from gamblers and pitched one game for them. Liao also insisted that it was his only game-fixing activity throughout his career and because he later felt deeply uneasy for it, he donated NT$300,000 to local charitable organizations. As a result Liao was expelled by the Brother Elephants, ending his short baseball career.
As of September 2010, Liao coaches in a club baseball team in his hometown of Taoyuan County.

</doc>
<doc id="21437040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437040" title="Michael George Zabetakis">
Michael George Zabetakis

Michael George Zabetakis (born 1924) is a fire safety engineering specialist. He received his PhD in chemistry from the University of Pittsburgh in 1956. In 1965 he published data for flammability limits, autoignition, and burning-rate data for more than 200 combustible gases and vapors in air and other oxidants, as well as of empirical rules and graphs that can be used to predict similar data for thousands of other combustibles under a variety of environmental conditions. The work remains one of the most widely cited sources of flammability data. Despite its age it was still in 1999 considered the standard reference. Zabetakis often uses flammability diagrams to show flammable properties of fuel-air-nitrogen mixtures.
Zabetakis was the first superintendent of the National Mine Health and Safety Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="21437045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437045" title="Zimbabwe Daily News">
Zimbabwe Daily News

Zimbabwe Daily News is an internet newspaper published in Zimbabwe and UK. The Newspaper was first published independently in 2004 and is owned by 3MG Media.
News and content.
It has a strong focus on events in Zimbabwe's politics and current events. The site covers a wide-range of topics, including sections devoted to politics, entertainment, media, Sports, living, and business. Its roster of bloggers and regular columnists include some prominent Zimbabweans such as Senator Obert Gutu, Eddie Cross MP and businessman Mutumwa Mawere. 
It is ranked number 15 Zimbabwe site by Alexa ranking and its stories are occasionally taken up by the print media.
Campaigns and fora.
The site has run various current affairs and political campaigns, such as calling for the deportation of Robert Mugabe's daughter Bona from Hong Kong, and more generally for the deportation of individuals with strong links to the Government of Zimbabwe from western countries. Together with the Zimbabwe Telegraph, Zimbabwe Daily News hosts an online forum for Zimbabwean current affairs and society.
Criticism.
Zimbabwe Daily News has been accused of poor journalistic style and failing to sufficiently verify facts, for example on its reporting of the 2007 Zimbabwean coup d'état attempt.

</doc>
<doc id="21437046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437046" title="Apartment Ratings">
Apartment Ratings

ApartmentRatings.com is an online user generated database of information about apartment buildings in the United States.
History.
ApartmentRatings was founded in 2000 by Jeremy and Katie Bencken in Austin. The site was developed to provide transparency into the quality of apartment life, and claims to be an unbiased resource because it does not accept advertising from apartment building managers, owners, or corporations. Anyone can respond to a review for free. It does, however, charge a fee to any property manager that wishes to respond to the reviews written about it as the Verified Manager of that property.
ApartmentRatings was acquired by Internet Brands in 2007.
Functionality.
ApartmentRatings maintains a database of tenant-generated reviews of apartment buildings. According to the site’s homepage, the site currently contains more than 1,500,000 reviews of apartments and apartment complexes. In addition to reviews, the site features a database of building features, user ratings, and a database of tenant-reported average rental prices called "What the Neighbors Pay."
The site also has a Google Maps-based registered sex offender database, and a question-and-answer feature that allows apartment hunters to ask questions about particular apartment buildings they are interested in, and have their questions answered by apartment renters currently living in the building in question.

</doc>
<doc id="21437061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437061" title="WCPI">
WCPI

WCPI (91.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mcminnville, Tennessee, USA. The station is owned by Warren County Educational Foundation.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="21437064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437064" title="Rene Steer">
Rene Steer

Rene Alexander Steer (born 31 January 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Boston United as a left back. He previously played for Arsenal, Gillingham, Oldham Athletic, Staines Town and Woking.
Career.
Arsenal.
Steer began his career in the Arsenal Academy, joining the club at age 13. In the 2006–07 season, he made 11 appearances for the Arsenal Reserves. During the 2007–08 season, he made 12 appearances for the reserves, and another 11 appearances for the Under-18 team. He signed a professional contract with the club on 10 September 2007. He received his first first-team call-up on 2 December 2008 as an unused substitute in Arsenal's 2–0 League Cup defeat to Burnley, as well as two appearances in the Premier Reserve League in the first half of the 2008–09 season. During his time for the club's reserves, he also made several appearances in the FA Youth Cup, including a good performance in a 2–2 draw versus Bristol City, before making a decisive shot in the penalty shootout. He was included in the first team in October 2008 in the Premier League for nine matches.
Gillingham.
On 22 January 2009, Steer was loaned out to Gillingham for four months. On 7 February, he made his debut for the club as he came on as a substitute in the 78th minute, in a 2–0 loss to Bradford City. He made his first start for the club in a 4–4 draw versus Aldershot Town on 18 February. He returned to Arsenal in April 2009 following the end of his loan, but was released by the club in June.
Oldham Athletic.
Steer signed a 12-month contract with League One club Oldham Athletic on 24 June 2009, following a successful trial. On 17 August, he was sent to hospital following a training session, during which time he received an elbow to the face. Later that day he underwent a successful operation on his jaw at North Manchester General Hospital to repair and correct "serious damage" to his teeth. Steer was released at the end of the 2009–10 season.
Non-League.
After his release by Oldham, Steer dropped into non-League and signed for Conference South club Staines Town and then in September 2011, he joined St Neots Town in the Southern League Division One Central. In February 2013 he signed forms for Woking, but a serious injury kept him out of football for most of that season. His only appearance for the Cards came in the Surrey Senior Cup exit against Godalming Town on 4 March 2013. In August 2013 he re-signed for St Neots Town. In October 2013 he scored a stunning goal from 40 yards out in the FA Cup vs Canvey Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21437073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437073" title="List of TED speakers">
List of TED speakers

The following is a partial list of people who have spoken or otherwise presented at the TED Conference, or have presented at TED Partner conferences.
A more complete list of talks can be found in online spreadsheets.

</doc>
<doc id="21437087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437087" title="Martlet House">
Martlet House

Martlet House (formerly Seagram House) is a Scottish baronial style building on Peel Street in Downtown Montreal, Quebec. The building was completed in 1928 by architect David Jerome Spence, with additions in 1931, 1947 and 1955.
Formerly the Montreal headquarters of Seagram Company Ltd., it was donated to McGill University by Vivendi Universal, which had acquired the property in 2002 after its merger with Seagram. The university spent $1.5 million renovating the site in order to house its Development and Alumni Relations department, which moved there in 2004.
Previous Marlet Houses.
Prior to 2004, the Martlet House designation had been applied to two properties: one on University Street, followed by a move in 1971 to a Mountain Street property built in 1925 by architect Robert Findlay for Alice Hallward.

</doc>
<doc id="21437094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437094" title="Cancionero de Palacio">
Cancionero de Palacio

The Cancionero de Palacio (Madrid, Biblioteca Real, MS II – 1335), or Cancionero Musical de Palacio (CMP), also known as Cancionero de Barbieri, is a Spanish manuscript of Renaissance music. The works in it were compiled during a time span of around 40 years, from the mid-1470s until the beginning of the 16th century, approximately coinciding with the reign of the Catholic Monarchs.
The manuscript.
The first ten folios are not numbered; the remaining folios are numbered from 1 to 304. Based on the index of works included in the beginning of the manuscript, it originally had 548 works. Many folios have been lost, reducing the number of works currently in the manuscript to 458.
The manuscript was written by 9 different people and in all received 11 successive additions:
By the end of the 19th century the manuscript was found in the Royal Library of the Royal Palace of Madrid by composer and musicologist Francisco Asenjo Barbieri, who transcribed and published it in 1890 with the title ""Cancionero musical de los siglos XV y XVI"" (Musical songbook of the 15th and 16th centuries).
Works.
The manuscript contains 458 works, the bulk of which are in Castilian, although a few works also appear in Latin, French, Catalan and Portuguese. It constitutes an anthology of the polyphonic music performed during the reign of the Catholic Monarchs.
The themes found in the songs are the most varied: romantic, religious, festive, chivalrous, satirical, pastoral, burlesque, political, historical, etc. accompanied by music of all styles: from popular folk songs to elaborate compositions. The musical form most important is the villancico, though other genres are also found as the romance and the canción. The majority of the works are for one voice with instrumental accompaniment but polyphonic works are also available for 2, 3 or 4 voices.
Below is a list of the composers present in the manuscript, with the number of works in parentheses:
Complete list of works.
Three different indexing systems are used in the table below: 

</doc>
<doc id="21437101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437101" title="Double Peak">
Double Peak

Double Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21437107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437107" title="Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump">
Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump

These are the official results of the Women's High Jump event at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. The final was held on Friday August 10, 1984.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21437108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437108" title="Southern Standard">
Southern Standard

Southern Standard is a semi-daily newspaper based in McMinnville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="21437112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437112" title="East Korea Bay">
East Korea Bay

East Korea Bay is a bay in North Korea and an extension of the Sea of Japan (East Sea of Korea). It is located between the provinces of Hamnam and Kangwon.

</doc>
<doc id="21437113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437113" title="SD Chantada">
SD Chantada

Sociedad Deportiva Chantada is a football team based in Chantada in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1970, it plays in the Preferente Autonómica – Group Norte. Its stadium is "Campo Municipal Sangoñedo".

</doc>
<doc id="21437120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437120" title="Patsy Elsener">
Patsy Elsener

Patricia "Patsy" Anne Elsener (born October 22, 1929) is an American diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Oakland, California.
In 1948 she won the silver medal in the 10 metre platform event and the bronze medal in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21437124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437124" title="1848 Marlborough earthquake">
1848 Marlborough earthquake

The 1848 Marlborough earthquake is the name associated with a severe earthquake which occurred at 1:40 a.m. on 16 October 1848 and whose epicenter was in the Marlborough region of the South Island of New Zealand. 
In Wellington the shaking lasted for about two minutes and caused widespread damage, especially to brick- or stone- built structures. Most of the buildings damaged in the earthquake were rebuilt in wood and this contributed to the relatively low level of damage and loss of life in the more powerful Wairarapa earthquake that hit Wellington seven years later.
Tectonic setting.
New Zealand lies along the boundary between the Australian and Pacific Plates. In the South Island most of the relative displacement between these plates is taken up along a single dextral (right lateral) strike-slip fault with a major reverse component, the Alpine Fault. In the North Island, the displacement is mainly taken up along the Kermadec subduction zone, although the remaining dextral strike-slip component of the relative plate motion is accommodated by the North Island Fault System (NIFS). A group of dextral strike-slip structures, known as the Marlborough Fault System, transfer displacement between the mainly transform and convergent type plate boundaries in a complex zone at the northern end of South Island. The earthquake occurred on the Awatere Fault which is part of the Marlborough Fault System.
Earthquake characteristics.
The earthquake was associated with the rupturing of a minimum of 105 km of the Awatere Fault. A horizontal displacement of about 6 metres was accompanied by smaller vertical movements of varying sense. A shallow epicentral depth is inferred from the large number of felt aftershocks A moment magnitude of about 7.5 has been estimated from the rupture length and measured displacements.
Damage.
In Wellington, almost all buildings of brick or stone construction were damaged, including homes, churches, the jail, and the colonial hospital. Most wooden buildings were undamaged, although many lost their brick chimneys. In the Marlborough region itself, a number of homesteads were badly damaged. Several buildings damaged in the main shock were destroyed during strong aftershocks over the next few days. The only fatalities from the earthquake occurred when a damaged building collapsed during one of the aftershocks.

</doc>
<doc id="21437132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437132" title="1985 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Doubles">
1985 Lipton International Players Championships – Men's Doubles

Paul Annacone and Christo van Rensburg won in the final 7–5, 7–5, 6–4 in the final against Sherwood Stewart and Kim Warwick.

</doc>
<doc id="21437139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437139" title="The Holocaust in Russia">
The Holocaust in Russia

The Holocaust in Russia refers to the Nazi crimes during the occupation of Russia (Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic) by Nazi Germany.
On the eve of the Holocaust.
Beyond longstanding controversies, ranging from the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact to anti-Zionism, the Soviet Union did grant official "equality of all citizens regardless of status, sex, race, religion, and nationality." The years before the Holocaust were an era of rapid change for Soviet Jews, leaving behind the dreadful poverty of the Pale of Settlement. 40% of the population in the former Pale left for large cities within the USSR. Emphasis on education and movement from countryside "shtetls" to newly industrialized cities allowed many Soviet Jews to enjoy overall advances under Joseph Stalin and to become one of the most educated population groups in the world. Due to Stalinist emphasis on its urban population, interwar migration inadvertently rescued countless Soviet Jews; Nazi Germany penetrated the entire former Jewish Pale — but were kilometers short of Leningrad and Moscow. The great wave of deportations from the areas annexed by Soviet Union according to the Nazi-Soviet pact, often seen by victims as genocide, paradoxically also saved lives of a few hundred thousand Jewish deportees. However horrible their conditions, the fate of Jews in Nazi Germany was much worse. The migration of many Jews deeper East from the part of the Jewish Pale that would become occupied by Germany saved at least forty percent of this area's Jewish population.
World War II.
On 22 June 1941, Adolf Hitler abruptly broke the non−aggression pact and invaded the Soviet Union. The Soviet territories occupied by early 1942, including all of Belarus, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, and Moldova and most Russian territory west of the line Leningrad-Moscow-Rostov, contained about four million Jews, including hundreds of thousands who had fled Poland in 1939. Despite the chaos of the Soviet retreat, some effort was made to evacuate Jews, who were either employed in the military industries or were family members of servicemen. Of 4 million about a million succeeded in escaping further east. The remaining three million were left at the mercy of the Nazis. Despite the subservience of the Oberkommando des Heeres to Adolf Hitler, Heinrich Himmler did not trust the Army to approve of, let alone carry out, the large-scale killings of Jews in the occupied Soviet territories. This task was assigned to SS formations called "Einsatzgruppen" ("task groups"), under the overall command of Reinhard Heydrich. These had been used on a limited scale in Poland in 1939, but were now organized on a much larger scale. According to Otto Ohlendorf at his trial, "the "Einsatzgruppen" had the mission to protect the rear of the troops by killing the Jews, gypsies, Communist functionaries, active Communists, and all persons who would endanger the security." In practice, their victims were nearly all defenseless Jewish civilians (not a single "Einsatzgruppe" member was killed in action during these operations). Raul Hilberg writes that the "Einsatzgruppe" member were ordinary citizens; the great majority were university-educated professionals. They used their skills to become efficient killers, according to Michael Berenbaum. By the end of 1941, however, the "Einsatzgruppen" had killed only 15 percent of the Jews in the occupied Soviet territories, and it was apparent that these methods could not be used to kill all the Jews of Europe. Even before the invasion of the Soviet Union, experiments with killing Jews in the back of vans using gas from the van's exhaust had been carried out, and when this proved too slow, more lethal gasses were tried. For large-scale killing by gas, however, fixed sites would be needed, and it was decided—probably by Heydrich and Eichmann—that the Jews should be brought to camps specifically built for the purpose.
Although the Soviet Union was victorious in World War II, the war resulted in around 26–27 million Soviet deaths (estimates vary) and had devastated the Soviet economy in the struggle. Some 1,710 towns and 70 thousand settlements were destroyed. The occupied territories suffered from the ravages of German occupation and deportations of slave labor in Germany. Thirteen million Soviet citizens became victims of a repressive policy of Germans and their allies in occupied territory, where they died because of mass murders, famine, absence of elementary medical aid and slave labor. The Nazi Genocide of the Jews carried by German "Einsatzgruppen", along the local collaborators resulted in almost complete annihilation of the Jewish population over the entire territory temporary occupied by Germany and its allies. During occupation, Russia's Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg, region lost around a quarter of its population. 3.6 million Soviet prisoners of war (of 5.5 million) died in German camps. British historian Martin Gilbert used a similar approach in his "Atlas of the Holocaust," but arrived at a number of 5.75 million Jewish victims, since he estimated higher numbers of Jews killed in Russia and other locations. Lucy S. Dawidowicz used pre-war census figures to estimate that 5.934 million Jews died. In October 1943, 600 Jewish and Russian prisoners attempted an escape at the Sobibór extermination camp. About 60 survived and joined the Belarusian partisans. In Eastern Europe, many Jews joined the ranks of the Soviet partisans: throughout the war, they faced antisemitism and discrimination from the Soviets and some Jewish partisans were killed, but over time, many of the Jewish partisan groups were absorbed into the command structure of the much larger Soviet partisan movement. Soviet partisans were not in a position to ensure protection to the Jews in the Holocaust. The fit Jews were usually welcomed by the partisans (sometimes only if they brought their own weapons); however women, children, and the elderly were mostly unwelcome. Eventually, however, separate Jewish groups, both guerrilla units and mixed family groups of refugees (like the Bielski partisans), were subordinated to the communist partisan leadership and considered as Soviet assets. Even as some assisted the Germans, a significant number of individuals in the territories under German control also helped Jews escape death ("see Righteous Among the Nations"). During World War II, Léon Poliakov established the Centre de documentation juive contemporaine (1943) and after the war, he assisted Edgar Faure at the Nuremberg Trial. By 1944, the Germans had been pushed out of the Soviet Union onto the banks of the Vistula River, just east of Prussia. With Soviet Marshal Georgy Zhukov attacking from Prussia, and Marshal Konev slicing Germany in half from the south the fate of Nazi Germany was sealed. It is estimated that up to 1.4 million Jews fought in Allied armies; 40% of them in the Red Army. Salomon Smolianoff was selected for Operation Bernhard, transferred to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1944, and eventually to the Ebensee site of the Mauthausen camp network, where he was liberated by the US Army on 6 May 1945. Without changing its official anti-Zionist stance, from late 1944 until 1948 Joseph Stalin had adopted a "de facto" pro-Zionist foreign policy, apparently believing that the new country would be socialist and would speed the decline of British influence in the Middle East.
After World War II.
In January 1948 Solomon Mikhoels, a popular actor-director of the Moscow State Jewish Theater and the chairman of the Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee, was killed in a staged car accident. Mass arrests of prominent Jewish intellectuals and suppression of Jewish culture followed under the banners of campaign against "rootless cosmopolitans" and anti-Zionism. On 12 August 1952, in the event known as the Night of the Murdered Poets, thirteen most prominent Yiddish writers, poets, actors and other intellectuals were executed on the orders of Joseph Stalin, among them Peretz Markish, Leib Kvitko, David Hofstein, Itzik Feffer and David Bergelson. In the 1955 UN Assembly's session a high Soviet official still denied the "rumors" about their disappearance.
In 2012, Yad Vashem began releasing more than a million new testimonial pages about Jews in the Soviet Union that are expected to help researchers measure the scope of persecution and extermination of Jews in the former Soviet Union.
Executors.
SS-Gruppenführer Otto Ohlendorf

</doc>
<doc id="21437150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437150" title="Walter-Erich Schneider">
Walter-Erich Schneider

Walter-Erich Schneider (15 February 1909 – 25 October 1987) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21437158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437158" title="Cels">
Cels

Cels may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21437167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437167" title="Bobby Atherton">
Bobby Atherton

Robert "Bobby" Atherton (29 July 1876 – 19 October 1917) was a Welsh international association football player, who played as a midfielder and forward for Heart of Midlothian, Hibernian, Middlesbrough and Chelsea in the late 1890s and early 1900s.
Hibernian.
Although he was born in north Wales, Atherton grew up in Scotland. After spells with Dalry Primrose and Hearts, Atherton signed for Hibs at the start of the 1897–98 season. Atherton was a versatile player who could play in a number of positions in midfield and the forward line. He won his first cap for Wales in a 1899 British Home Championship match against Ireland, and he also played against England that year. 
Atherton captained the Hibs side that won the 1902 Scottish Cup, the last time Hibs have won that competition. Hibs' 1–0 win against Celtic in the Cup Final was thanks in part to Atherton deceiving the Celtic defence by shouting for them to "leave the ball" in a Glasgow accent. The Celtic defence duly complied, which allowed Andy McGeachen to score the only goal of the game. He then captained the Hibs side that won the 1903 league championship, the first in the club's history. He also played in all of Wales' matches in the 1903 British Home Championship.
Middlesbrough.
Atherton was transferred to Middlesbrough in 1903, and he became the first Middlesbrough player to win international honours. He also scored his two international goals while with Middlesbrough. The first was in a 1–1 draw with Scotland at Dens Park, and the second was in a 2–2 draw against Ireland during his ninth and last international appearance. Atherton made 66 appearances in all for Middlesbrough and became club captain.
Later life and death.
Atherton retired from playing football after a short spell with Chelsea and he subsequently moved back to Edinburgh, becoming a steward in the Merchant Navy. Atherton was presumed dead in October 1917 after his ship disappeared without trace, either due to a mine or enemy action.

</doc>
<doc id="21437168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437168" title="Porlieria chilensis">
Porlieria chilensis

Porlieria chilensis is a plant that occurs in South America. In fact, all genus members are small trees or shrubs found on the South American continent. An example occurrence of "P. chilensis" is in the arid forested area of central Chile, where it occurs in association with the endangered Chilean Wine Palm, "Jubaea chilensis".

</doc>
<doc id="21437169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437169" title="Chidori-class torpedo boat">
Chidori-class torpedo boat

The was an Imperial Japanese Navy class of torpedo boats that served during the Second World War. They proved to have too much armament for the hull and capsized shortly after completion in heavy weather. The entire class had to be rebuilt before they became satisfactory sea-boats. They saw service in the Battle of the Philippines and the Dutch East Indies campaign as escorts and continued in that role for the rest of the war. Three were sunk during the war and the fourth was seized by the British at Hong Kong after the end of the war where it was scrapped later.
Background.
In 1930, the London Naval Treaty was concluded in which the IJN received a heavy limit on the destroyers. The IJN planned to build the under 600 tons class destroyer which were not limited by the treaty, and the category Torpedo boat was revived for them. The aim for these ships was to have half the armament of the "Fubuki"-class destroyer. Initially, four boats were constructed for evaluation, out of a planned twenty, in the Circle 1 Programme. After "Chidori" was completed, the IJN discovered on her trials that her center of gravity was too high and that she was overweight. The IJN ordered bulges fitted to the rest of the class. However, this proved to be insufficient.
Description.
As initially completed the Chidori-class torpedo boats displaced at standard load, but displaced at full load. They were long overall, had a beam and an average draft of .
Armament.
They were exceedingly heavily armed for their size with three Type 3 gun mounted in a single power-driven gun turret placed on the forecastle, ahead of the bridge, and a power-driven twin-gun turret aft. Sources are contradictory on her anti-aircraft armament, Whitley says that they had a single license-built Vickers 40 mm (2 pounder pom pom) and others credit them with a single machine gun. Two sets of twin torpedo tubes were mounted abaft the single funnel. In total these weapons represented 22.7% of the displacement.
During the war the rear gun was landed and replaced with "Type 96" 25mm AA guns. A total of ten of these were carried by the end of the war. The number of depth charges carried was also increased over the course of the war to 48.
Propulsion.
Two Kampon geared turbines drove two shafts. They were powered by two Kampon water-tube boilers and produced a total of . They were rated at and had a range of at or at using the of fuel carried.
The "Tomozuru" Incident.
On 12 March 1934, shortly after completion, sailed in company with her sister and the light cruiser "Tatsuta" for night torpedo training. The weather worsened during the exercise and it was called off at 0325; the ships returning to port. "Tomozuru" never arrived and a search was launched. She was spotted at 1405 that same day, capsized, but still afloat. Thirteen of her 113 man crew were rescued. She was towed to Sasebo and docked where she was rebuilt and returned to service.
Consequences.
This disaster forced the IJN to review the stability of every ship recently completed, under construction or still being designed. The "Chidori's" themselves exchanged their Type 3 guns for hand-worked "12 cm 11th Year Type M" guns, landed the rear twin torpedo tube mount and the bridge structure was cut down by one level. The bulges were removed, but displacement increased to with the addition of ballast. Their speed dropped to and range decreased to at . Their successors, the "Ōtori"-class torpedo boats were redesigned to reduce the top-heaviness that caused Tomozuru to capsize.
Service.
In 1937, the 4 sisters were organized into "Torpedo Flotilla 21" and made a sortie for the Battle of Shanghai. All four saw action in the Battle of the Philippines and the Dutch East Indies campaign. "Chidori" and "Manazuru" returned to home waters after "Torpedo Flotilla 21" was disbanded in the spring of 1942 and were on escort duties for the rest of the war. "Hatsukari" and "Tomozuru" remained in that area for most of the rest of the war on escort operations. "Tomozuru" returned to Japan late in the war, but "Hatsukari" entered Hong Kong on 21 May 1945 and was engaged in anti-aircraft battles until the end of war. Following Japan's surrender, the "Hatsukari" was seized by the Royal Navy, and later scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="21437173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437173" title="8 Chords, 328 Words">
8 Chords, 328 Words

8 Chords, 328 Words is the sixth EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on June 27, 2000 through Lookout! Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Aaron Cometbus

</doc>
<doc id="21437189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437189" title="2008 TSC Stores Tankard">
2008 TSC Stores Tankard

The 2008 TSC Stores Tankard, the Ontario men's curling championship, was held February 4-10 at the Waterloo Memorial Recreation Complex in Waterloo.
The event featured 11 teams, instead of the usual 10, since the Glenn Howard team was granted an automatic bye for having won the Brier the previous year. 
Team Glenn Howard would repeat their third straight provincial championship, defeating 2000 champion Peter Corner in the final.
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2 <br>
3 vs. 4 
Semifinal <br>
Final <br>

</doc>
<doc id="21437198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437198" title="Safari Pals">
Safari Pals

Safari Pals is a range of card games that have similarities to both Top Trumps and traditional playing cards. Like traditional playing cards or Quartets, the cards are arranged into sets of 4. Like Top Trump packs, each card describes a particular entity with numerical data. Safari Pals games are wildlife related so in this case each card describes a different animal and the sets are normally based a characteristic of the four animals in the set, such as "Water-wings" or "Furry". 
Two pack types have been published to date, a 52 card variant called Classic, and a 32 card variant called Junior. There are also Wildcard extension packs which add an additional 5 cards to a pack. The odd number of cards this creates, means a game can be played which is similar to Old Maid where the losing player is left with the odd card at the end of the game.
Game play.
The numerical data on each card and the fact that they are arranged into sets of 4 means lots of different games can be played with these packs.
Trump type games can be played where players challenge each other using the data on their cards. Two variations are played, the first is a standard game as played with Top Trumps or Ace Trumps. A second variety is similar to Knock-out Whist except that the rounds are won by the highest scoring card in the category selected by the first player in the round. For example a round starts with the first player laying down their chosen card and selecting a data item for the round (say weight). The other players each play a card from their hand and the winner of the round is the player who played the card with the highest value of that data item (the highest weight).
Set Building Games - Go Fish or Happy Families type games can be played but using the set names or individual animal card names. The player whose turn it is might ask 'Bill, have you got any "Furry" animals'. If Bill holds any cards from the Furry group in his hand he hands one over. If he doesn't he says 'Looto', an African word for 'I've seen nothing'.
Rummy games - A variant of Rummy is played where the sets of matching cards with form melds are based on animal behavior or characteristics. For example a Meld may be constructed using cards of animals which are all carnivores or all live in fresh water.

</doc>
<doc id="21437206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437206" title="Zoe Ann Olsen-Jensen">
Zoe Ann Olsen-Jensen

Zoe Ann Olsen-Jensen (née "Olsen", born February 11, 1931) is an American diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa. In 1949 she married Jackie Jensen, the couple divorced in 1968.
In 1948 she won the silver medal in the 3 metre springboard event.
Four years later at the 1952 Games she won the bronze medal in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="21437222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437222" title="Poincaré plot">
Poincaré plot

A Poincaré plot, named after Henri Poincaré, is used to quantify self-similarity in processes, usually periodic functions. It is also known as a return map.
Given a time series of the form
a return map in its simplest form first plots ("x"1, "x"2), then plots ("x"2, "x"3), then ("x"3, "x"4), and so on.
Some quotes from the literature:
RR tachograph.
The RR tachograph is a picture of the RR-interval, which is the interval between R-waves of the tachogram, usually felt as heartbeats.

</doc>
<doc id="21437228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437228" title="Norman Thompson N.T.2B">
Norman Thompson N.T.2B

The Norman Thompson N.T.2B was a British single-engined Flying boat trainer of the First World War. A single-engined biplane, the N.T.2B was adopted as a standard flying boat trainer by the Royal Naval Air Service, training pilots for larger patrol flying boats such as the Felixstowe F.2.
Development and design.
In late 1916, the Norman Thompson Flight Company, who had previously built 20 FBA Type B flying boat trainers, proposed to design and build a new trainer for pilots needed for large patrol flying boats such as the Curtiss America, Felixstowe F.2 and Norman Thompson's own N.T.4. The British Admiralty accepted the Norman Thompson proposal, and placed an order for 10 aircraft in November 1916 for the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS).
The resulting aircraft, designated N.T.2B, was a single-engined pusher biplane, with unequal span two-bay wings and powered by a 160 hp (119 kW) Beardmore 160 hp engine mounted between the wings driving a four-bladed propeller. The trainee pilot and instructor sat side by side in an enclosed cockpit, fitted with dual controls.
While initial production was powered by the Beardmore, or by 150 hp (112 kW) Hispano-Suiza engines, later aircraft were fitted with a 200 hp (149 kW) Sunbeam Arab, which was mounted slightly to starboard of the centreline of the aircraft to overcome the greater torque of the more powerful engine. The Arab, however, proved unreliable, and the powerplant was changed again, to the 200 hp (149 kW) Hispano-Suiza 8 engine, which was mounted at an angle to overcome a similar torque problem as was observed with the Arab.
The RNAS's (and after 1 April 1918, the Royal Air Force's) needs for the N.T.2B were beyond the capacity of Norman Thompson, so orders were placed with Supermarine and S.E.Saunders, as well as with the parent company. At least 294 had been ordered by the end of the First World War, which brought about large scale cancellations.
Operational history.
The first N.T.2B was delivered to the RNAS flying school at Calshot on 8 July 1917, the type becoming the standard training flying boat of the RNAS and RAF until the end of the First World War, although delivery delays caused by the engine problems caused a backlog in training flying boat pilots. Seventy-nine were on charge with the RAF on 31 October 1918. It operated at bases at Felixstowe and Lee-on-Solent as well as Calshot.
Following the end of the war, N.T.2Bs were sold to the air forces of Estonia, Peru and Norway. Civil N.T.2Bs were flown in Norway and Canada, where one aircraft remained in use for forestry patrols until 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="21437234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437234" title="David Collier (cartoonist)">
David Collier (cartoonist)

David Collier (born January 24, 1963) is a Canadian alternative cartoonist best known for his fact-based "comic strip essays."
Biography.
As a child, Collier was introduced to the work of Robert Crumb, whose work has been a significant influence. (Collier's cross-hatching style is particularly reminiscent of Crumb's work.) Before breaking into comics, Collier served in the Canadian Army, where (among other activities) he drew comic strips for the army newspapers. His Army training also introduced him to long-distance running and the biathlon, in which he has competed nationally.
His first comic strip was published in 1986 in the R. Crumb-edited magazine "Weirdo", and his work has been published in numerous other comics anthologies, including "Duplex Planet Illustrated", "Drawn and Quarterly", "The Comics Journal", and "Zero Zero". Most of the material from his anthology submissions was collected in "Just the Facts: A Decade of Comic Essays".
Since 1990, Collier has done comics and illustrations for Canadian newspapers such as "The Globe and Mail" and the "Saskatoon StarPhoenix". He has illustrated stories for Harvey Pekar's "American Splendor", most notably the three-issue "American Splendor: Unsung Hero."
Fantagraphics published four issues of the aptly titled series "Collier's" in the 1990s. Much of this material was reprinted in "Portraits from Life". Drawn and Quarterly later published volume two of "Collier's", lasting two issues.
Collier's "Surviving Saskatoon" documents the true story of David Milgaard, a man who spent over 20 years in prison after he was wrongfully accused of the brutal rape and murder of a nurse in 1969.
Collier featured in a 2013 episode of CBC Radio program Wiretap, describing his experiences rejoining the army at 41, also the subject of his book "Chimo".
Collier lives with his wife, Ontario artist Jennifer Hambleton, and son James (born in 1999), in Hamilton.
Awards.
Collier's "The Frank Ritza Papers" was nominated for a Doug Wright Award for Best Book in 2005.
"Hamilton Illustrated" was awarded the Pigskin Peters Award for 2013 at the Toronto Comic Arts Festival. The award recognizes the best in experimental or avant-garde comics.

</doc>
<doc id="21437243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437243" title="Lochem railway station">
Lochem railway station

Lochem is a railway station just north of Lochem, The Netherlands. The station opened on 1 November 1865 and is located on the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway ("Staatslijn D"). The services are operated by Syntus.
The station is located on the opposite side of the Twentekanaal to Lochem, but is a short walk or bus ride.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are directly possible from Lochem:
Zutphen, Hengelo and Oldenzaal.
At Zutphen change for Zwolle, Deventer, Dieren, Arnhem, Nijmegen, Oss, 's-Hertogenbosch, Tilburg, Breda, Roosendaal, Apeldoorn, and Winterswijk.
At Hengelo change for Almelo and Enschede as well as International trains every 2 hours to Bad Bentheim, Hannover and Berlin.
For Amsterdam change at Zutphen on to a train to Apeldoorn railway station on to a train towards Hilversum and then change at Hilversum railway station.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Lochem:
Bus services.
Operated by Arriva.

</doc>
<doc id="21437246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437246" title="1930 Minneapolis Red Jackets season">
1930 Minneapolis Red Jackets season

The 1930 Minneapolis Red Jackets season was their sixth and final season in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 1–9, losing only seven games.

</doc>
<doc id="21437257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437257" title="Aidan Ryan (Cork hurler)">
Aidan Ryan (Cork hurler)

Aidan Ryan (born 1986 in Midleton, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Midleton and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009, when he was called up due too the 2008-2009 Cork players strike. Ryan also played under 21 for Cork during the 2006 and 2007 season 

</doc>
<doc id="21437273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437273" title="Aadhavan">
Aadhavan

Aadhavan () is a 2009 Tamil action film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and written by Ramesh Khanna. The film features Surya Sivakumar in the title role along with Nayantara in lead roles and Murali, Vadivelu, Anand Babu, Ramesh Khanna, B. Saroja Devi, Rahul Dev, Sayaji Shinde in its supporting cast. The music is composed by Harris Jayaraj. The film released on 17 October 2009, one among Diwali films receiving positive to mixed reviews from critics, but it was declared a hit at the box office.The film was dubbed into Telugu as "Ghatikudu". It is also dubbed into Hindi as "Dildaar The Arya."
Plot.
Aadhavan (Suriya) is a professional killer/hit-man who works for Ibrahim Rowther (Sayaji Shinde) who is also his father along with Tharani (Anand Babu)- who is his brother. He is contracted by Abdul Kulkarny (Rahul Dev) to kill prominent Judge Subramaniam (Murali)(who is presently working on child kidnapping and murder cases in the eastern Indian belt for sale of their organs to foreign countries) -but fails to shoot him at the first attempt. He promises to get the judge, angry with himself for having missed such a thing and uses the Judge's innocent servant Bannerjee (Vadivelu) to get into the house as Murugan, Bannerjee's brother in law (He locks up Bannerjee's actual brother in law Murugan in a ship and threatens Bannerjee with his name all the time).
Slowly Murugan/Aadhavan- begins to win over the members of the Judge's household- the Judge's mother (B. Saroja Devi), his other relatives and finally his niece- Thara (Nayantara). He tries to assassinate the judge in the middle of the night and also by planting a bomb in the van by which the judge is travelling to Darjeeling- but both attempts fail. In Darjeeling, Aadhavan is handed over a guitar belonging to the madcap, wanna be musician, would be husband of Thara- Ilaiman (Ramesh Khanna) by Thara to hide away. He plants a mobile bomb in the guitar and places it in one of the cars which soon explodes.
Thara is now suspicious but Murugan informs her in secret that he is in fact the Judge's runaway son Madhavan who ran away from home when he was only ten years old. Thara soon informs all the members of the household except the Judge that Murugan is Madhavan- although in private Muruguan tells Bannerjee that he was only joking and that he is not Madhavan.
However on Thara's birthday- Aadhavan shows that he is indeed Madhavan- when in a flashback it is shown that- young Madhavan carried a gift for Thara where a bomb had been planted by Madhavan's friend's mother as an act of revenge (Madhavan's father had put her husband in jail). Though Thara survives, her mother (Anu Hassan) opens the box and is killed along with her husband in the bomb explosion. Madhavan runs away from home- after stealing a gun from the cops, accidentally shooting his father and killing his friend's mother who planted the bomb in the toy.
Meanwhile- Abdul Kulkarny is fed up with the attempts of Aadhavan and Ibrahim Rowther and decides to play his cards in another way. He persuades Ibrahim and his gang to surrender to the police and make a confession regarding Aadhavan. When Police ACP (Riyaz Khan) confronts Aadhavan and is about to have him hauled off – Aadhavan takes the Judge hostage and also Thara (after asking Thara to bring the Laptop and the Memory stick where the entire information about the culprits involved in the child kidnappings and murder case is stored in). In the meanwhile the police commissioner arrives and makes the confession.
Aadhavan is actually indeed Madhavan- the Judge's runaway son. The police had caught him when he was making his escape after his attempt to kill the Judge had failed. It was then that he made his confession of being the Judge's son. The Police ask him to go back to the house to protect his father over a twenty four-hour period everyday.
This information is relayed to the Judge who is tearfully grateful to his son.
Meanwhile- Abdul Kulkarny attacks the vehicle in which the Judge, his son and Thara are travelling and a fight ensues where the good guys win and Kulkarny is killed.
And the movie ends with a recovered Madhavan and Banerjee tells that he bought assistants to maintain the house who are his brother-in-laws and everyone tells what the story starts again.
Production.
The song "Eno Eno Panithuli" was shot at Iceland, making "Aadhavan" the first South Indian film to be shot there. Shooting also took place at the Chettinad Palace.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features 6 tracks composed by Harris Jayaraj, Lrics are penned by Vaali, Pa. Vijay, Na. Muthukumar. harris becoming his third consecutive film with Surya. The soundtrack was released on 19 August by S. Shankar. The songs enjoyed popularity, especially "Hasile Fisile" and "Vaarayo Vaarayo".
Telugu tracklist.
All Lyrics are written by Bhuvana Chandra.
Critical response.
The album received positive reviews from critics, with praise being dedicated to the songs "Hasili Fisile" and "Vaarayo Vaarayo". Malathy Sundaram from Behindwoods said "There is a lot of technical finesse to this album. What surprises us here is the banality of the lyrics! One would have expected better lyrics from all these songwriters!Harris Jayaraj has consciously used various instruments to add appeal to this album." Pavithra Srinivasan from Rediff said "Harris Jeyaraj is one of those composers who is not capable of turning out bad stuff even on a bad day, this album stands out from a mile away." Due to the album's critical and commercial success, Harris Jayaraj received the Vijay Award for Best Music Director and was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Music Director.
Release.
Reception.
Behindwoods gave a 2.5 out of 5 and gave a verdict "Carefree commercial – Conditions apply". Sify.com gave a positive review stating "Ranging through a wide field of comedy laced with action, Aadhavan is good fun while it lasts. It’s a roller-coaster ride of pure unadulterated masala".
Rediff rated the movie with 2.5 out of 5 stars and ended the review with "Aadhavan is uncomplicated, clean, fun, and doesn't expect you to take it seriously." Nowrunning.com also rated it as 2.5 on 5 and Aravindan D I specially said "Aadhavan could have been good entertainment, but is marred by inconsistent script." while Indiaglitz gave the verdict "above average" and stated "Aadhavan is a movie that would bring joy to mass action lovers and front-benchers.". Malathi Rangarajan from The Hindu wrote "Post-interval, you have to wait quite a while for some concrete action from Aadhavan, the Infallible!"
Box office.
The movie collected 85 million worldwide in its opening weekend. This movie also had a high collection in Malaysia as well as UK. Overseas, the film grossed about $1,541,485, approximately 75 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21437293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437293" title="Kallikratis">
Kallikratis

Kallikratis () is a small village in Sfakia municipality, southwest Crete, Greece. According to tradition, it was named after the admiral (droungarios) Manoussos Kallikratis, who in March 1453 led a campaign to reinforce the defense of Constantinople with 5 ships and 1500 Cretan volunteers. As reported by Sphrantzes in his "Chronicle", these volunteers manned three towers on the walls of Constantinople and continued to fight bravely even after the city had fallen. In recognition of their gallantry, sultan Mehmed allowed them to safely sail back to Crete, retaining their weapons.
Geography.
Kallikratis is situated off the beaten tourist path and is made up of four widely separated neighborhoods that are scattered on a small plateau in Lefka Ori with an average altitude of 540m. It can be reached via Myriokefala, Asi Gonia or Asfendos, or via a recently paved road with more than 25 tight hair-pin turns, which starts in Kapsodasos and offers stunning views of the Frangokastello plain and the Libyan Sea in the distance. Kallikratis is also on the E4 walking route. Kallikratiano (i.e. Kallikratis') gorge starts southwest of the village and ends in the village of Patsianos, maintaining important natural habitats. The gorge can be crossed on a 4 km path. Before 1900, Kallikratis was a large village with more than 130 families. Today, only a few tens of inhabitants still live in the village and many of the houses are deserted. Kallikratis is uninhabited during the colder months of the year, since in that time the local shepherds move with their herds in transhumance to the warmer climate of the villages near the shore.
History.
Kallikratis never lived under permanent foreign rule and its residents have a long tradition of participation in fights for freedom. In 1770, the village was destroyed during Daskalogiannis' revolt against the Ottoman Empire. In 1821, a group of Sfakians led by Kallikratis native Georgios Demonakis () fought with Alexander Ypsilantis after his crossing of the Prut river to start a revolt in Romania. In 1867, during the great Cretan revolution, Ottoman forces under the command of Omar Pasha unsuccessfully attempted to invade Sfakia from Kallikratis. At the beginning of the twentieth century, several villagers voluntarily took part in the struggle for Macedonia between 1904-1908. During the first months of the Axis occupation of Crete, the resistance organization AEAK was headquartered at the house of Colonel Andreas Papadakis in Vourvoures, a location between Kallikratis and Asi Gonia. Later on, the resistance operated a radio station hidden in the "Anemospilios" cave which is located near the "Lampronas" plain between Kallikratis and Asfendos. In his book "The Cretan Runner", George Psychoundakis reports to have stayed in that cave during the spring of 1942 and to have been fed by Kallikratians.
In reprisal for the local participation in the resistance against Nazi Germany, the "Jagdkommando Schubert", which was a paramilitary force with links to the Wehrmacht under the command of Sdf. Fritz Schubert, surrounded Kallikratis on October 8, 1943. The inhabitants were dragged from their homes and herded to the church, threatened with death upon disobedience. Some men were shot outside their homes after refusing to comply with orders. Around 30 civilians were executed in total, most of them in the churchyard under the eyes of their families. According to Fielding, during the operation the plateau was surrounded by machine guns which directed a heavy crossfire above head level, discouraging any escape attempts. Women and children were held hostage and later expelled from the village, whose houses were looted and then set ablaze. Nevertheless, several men who had slept in the mountains surrounding the village as a precaution, managed to escape safely.
Miscellaneous.
The family of Kostas Mountakis, one of the most celebrated Cretan music
artists, originated from Kallikratis. On Sep. 5th 2008, a Cretan music night dedicated to his
memory was held in Kallikratis.
<br>
During summer, a couple of coffee shops and tavernas serving local specialties are open in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="21437296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437296" title="Alenia Aermacchi Sky-X">
Alenia Aermacchi Sky-X

The Alenia Aeronautica Sky-X is a self-financed Unmanned combat air vehicle for demonstration and research purpose; on May 29, 2005 it became the first European-designed UAV in the over 1000 kg category to fly with success.
Design and development.
The roll-out of the Sky-X was carried out by Alenia in May 2003 and, after 18 months of development, it first flew at the Swedish test area of Vidsel.
After a first test campaign cunducted with ground control in order to explore the whole flight envelope the development has focused on the autonomous flight systems, in particular the ATOL system (Assisted take off and landing), the collision avoidance, the precision autonomous navigation, the sight autonomous landing and attack and the autonomous formation fly capabilities. In 2008 the Sky-X demonstrated the capability of carrying out the join-up maneuvers necessary for in-fly refueling with an Alenia C-27J.
Thanks to the technologies developed for the Sky-X in 2005 Alenia Aeronautica has joined the nEUROn European program with a consistent development share.

</doc>
<doc id="21437322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437322" title="Maiden Castle, Cheshire">
Maiden Castle, Cheshire

Maiden Castle is an Iron Age hill fort, one of many fortified hill-top settlements constructed across Britain during the Iron Age, but one of only seven in the county of Cheshire in northern England. The hill fort was probably occupied from its construction in 600 BC until the Roman conquest of Britain in the 1st century AD. At this time the Cornovii tribe are recorded to have occupied parts of the surrounding area but, because they left no distinctive pottery or metalworking, their occupation has not been verified. Since then it has been quarried and used for military exercises. It is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and is owned by the National Trust. The hill fort is open to visitors, but unrestricted access to the site has resulted in it being classified as "at high risk" from erosion.
Background.
Hill forts developed in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Age, roughly the start of the first millennium BC. The reason for their emergence in Britain, and their purpose, has been a subject of debate. It has been argued that they could have been military sites constructed in response to invasion from continental Europe, sites built by invaders, or a military reaction to social tensions caused by an increasing population and consequent pressure on agriculture. The dominant view since the 1960s has been that the increasing use of iron led to social changes in Britain. Deposits of iron ore were located in different places to the tin and copper ore necessary to make bronze, and as a result trading patterns shifted and the old elites lost their economic and social status. Power passed into the hands of a new group of people. Archaeologist Barry Cunliffe believes that population increase still played a role and has stated that
Location.
Although there are over 1,300 hill forts in England, they are concentrated in the south of the country, with only seven in Cheshire. There are two groups of hill forts in Cheshire, each with three members, but Maiden Castle is the outlier, about south-south-west of the southern-most group. Located at , Maiden Castle lies on the central ridge that runs north–south through the county, as do all of the hill forts in Cheshire.
Maiden Castle sits on a slight promontory which is the highest point of a plateau on Bickerton Hill, . The ground to the west and north of the hill fort is steeply sloping, making artificial defences unnecessary and providing a commanding view of the Cheshire Plain. To the east of Maiden Castle, the plateau continues for about and wide, where ramparts were constructed in lieu of natural defences.
Layout.
Maiden Castle has no artificial defences on its northern and western sides because of the naturally steep slope of the hill, but there are two artificial banks, apart. The banks are similar in dimension, both are wide, and because the ground they are on slopes, the exterior side of each bank is higher than the side on the inside of the fort; they are high on the inside of the fort and on the exterior face. There is no evidence that Maiden Castle was protected by a ditch along with the banks. The main entrance is on the east side of the fort where the inner bank turns in towards the fort, and while there is a gap in the outer rampart it does not turn in. There may also be two other entrances to the site where the banks meet the cliffs to the north and south; the outer ditch runs inwards at both ends, possibly indicating an in-turned entrance abutting the edge of the cliff – similar to the entrance at the Helsby hill fort also in Cheshire – or perhaps an attempt to make the banks run flush to the cliff-edge to ensure there were no gaps in the site's defences.
History.
Radiocarbon dating indicates that the ramparts defending Maiden Castle were built in around 600 BC. Built from earth and timber, the inner rampart was originally wide, with a revetment of dry stone walling behind the bank, and at least high. The outer bank was originally wide and about high. It was built from sand and had a dry stone facing at the front and no revetment behind. The outer bank was later enlarged: the outer face was extended away from the fort and the revetment moved. Its height was probably increased to . The defences cover about out of the entire of the Maiden Castle site. According to archaeologist James Forde-Johnston, who conducted a study of the hill forts of Lancashire and Cheshire in 1962, this was an unusually strong defence for such a small site. Few artefacts have been recovered from the site; they include a piece of Iron Age pottery. Maiden Castle was probably occupied until the Roman conquest of Britain in 1st century AD, and the outer bank may have been reconstructed around this time.
The name Maiden Castle is not unique to the site and occurs in several other places in Britain, such as Maiden Castle in Dorset, and probably means a "fortification that looks impregnable" or one that has never been taken in battle. Despite quarrying in the 17th century and 20th-century military exercises on the site, Maiden Castle survives well. Maiden Castle was excavated between 1932 and 1935 by W. J. Varley, who also undertook excavations at Eddisbury hill fort, as part of his investigation into the origin of Cheshire's hill forts. Further excavations were undertaken in 1980–1981. The structure was made a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1995, giving Maiden Castle protection against unauthorised change. The environment of the hill fort is a mixture of heathland, heather, and bracken. The site is owned by the National Trust and is open to the public. Unrestricted access has led to problems such as erosion. Maiden Castle has been damaged by animal burrows and is designated as "at high risk" due to erosion caused by visitors and the spread of bracken. Five of Cheshire's seven hill forts have been assessed as being "at high risk" compared to 15% of North West England's Scheduled Monuments.

</doc>
<doc id="21437325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437325" title="Muckle Spate (1829)">
Muckle Spate (1829)

The Muckle Spate was a great flood in August 1829, which devastated much of Strathspey, in the north east of Scotland.
It began raining on the evening of 2 August 1829, and continued into the next day when a thunderstorm broke over the Cairngorms. To the south, the River Dee rose rapidly above its normal level - 15 ft (4.6 m) in places (27ft at Banchory). The Rivers Nairn, Findhorn, Lossie and Spey were affected, to the north. 
Damage.
As well as flooding, many bridges were washed away, including those over the Linn of Dee and Linn of Quoich. The original Mar Lodge was affected. Carrbridge's most famous landmark, the old bridge, built in 1707, from which the village is named was severely damaged and left in the condition we see today. Homes were lost in Kingston, Moray, a small village on the Moray Firth coast, at the mouth of the River Spey. In Forres, five Findhorn fishing boats rescued residents.
The Muckle Spate is remembered in a poem of the same name by David Grant, written circa 1851, describing the effect on the parish of Strachan.

</doc>
<doc id="21437328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437328" title="Harry Diamond Laboratories">
Harry Diamond Laboratories

The Harry Diamond Laboratories (HDL) was a research facility of the Ordnance Development Division of the National Bureau of Standards and later the US Army, most notable for its work on proximity fuzes in World War II. The organization was founded in 1940, but was not named after its first director Harry Diamond until 1962. HDL was one of seven Army laboratories merged to form the new Army Research Lab in 1992.
History.
In 1940, concerned about increasing warfare abroad, the National Defense Research Committee organized a group of scientists and engineers into the Ordnance Development Division of the National Bureau of Standards (NBS), to develop fuzes for non-rotating (fin-stabilized) munitions such as bombs, rockets and mortar shells. Harry Diamond, a pioneer radio engineer, was given technical direction of the program, a position he held until his death in 1948. Proximity fuzes were first used in combat in January 1943, and the U.S. War Department later described the proximity fuze as "one of the outstanding scientific developments of World War II ... second only to the atomic bomb" in military importance.
In 1952, the Ordnance Development Division was transferred from NBS to the Army as a research and development (R&D) installation and named the Diamond Ordnance Fuze Laboratories (DOFL) in honor of its early leader. DOFL made significant contributions in areas such as printed circuits, casting resins, flow and temperature measurement, reserve power supplies, high-resolution radar, air navigation systems and nuclear effects studies.
In a 1962 Army reorganization, DOFL was assigned directly to the Army Materiel Command (AMC) as a corporate laboratory; in 1963, its name was officially changed to Harry Diamond Laboratories (HDL). AMC later established the Electronics Research and Development Command (ERADCOM) as subordinate command, with HDL reporting to that command. HDL was subsequently transferred to the Army Laboratory Command (LABCOM). 
In 1972, Jack Anderson reported that HDL was working on "short-time-span control of human behavior", which Anderson characterized as "Experiments to control human behavior with science fiction devices". An Army spokesman responded that the research program was looking at alternative ways for crowd control.
In 1992, the Army created the Army Research Laboratory (ARL) by combining seven existing Army laboratories including HDL.
Locations.
In 1940, the laboratory was located at Connecticut Ave. and Van Ness St. in Washington, DC. In the 1940s, it did its work on in northwestern Washington.
By the early 1970s, HDL occupied a modern research facility located on in Adelphi, Maryland. It also had a test range at Blossom Point, Maryland, a U.S. Army installation near La Plata, Maryland, and research facilities at Woodbridge, Virginia. 
The Woodbridge site was closed in the 1990s, after the Army decided to stop electromagnetic pulse testing there. In 1989, the commander of the HDL said that the decision to stop this testing was mainly based on the Army's need to perform more powerful testing, something not appropriate for the thickly settled neighborhood around the site. In 1997, the became the Occoquan Bay National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="21437330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437330" title="List of banks in Northern Cyprus">
List of banks in Northern Cyprus

This is a list of banks operating in Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus..
All banks, including branches of foreign banks, private banks and International Banking Units are governed by the established Central Bank of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. This organization audits and controls all these banks under International Banking laws. All banks are compliant to strictly follow KYC and AML Laws and are regulated by Ministry of Economy and Energy and are supervised by the Central Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="21437331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437331" title="Conclusion of an Age">
Conclusion of an Age

Conclusion of an Age is the debut album from Sylosis, a British metal band from Reading, Berkshire. The album was released on 24 October 2008 and was produced and recorded by Scott Atkins at Grindstone Studios. It was also the last release by the band to feature Jamie Graham on vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="21437333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437333" title="Pinhead Gunpowder (2000 EP)">
Pinhead Gunpowder (2000 EP)

Pinhead Gunpowder is the fifth EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on June 6, 2000 through THD Records. The EP features the same cover as the band's fourth album "Compulsive Disclosure" (2003).
Track listing.
All songs written by Aaron Cometbus, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="21437385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437385" title="Kurt Loewer">
Kurt Loewer

Dipl.-Ing. Kurt Loewer (27 January 1899 – 18 October 1985) was a Korvettenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="21437390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437390" title="Oakenfold Anthems">
Oakenfold Anthems

Anthems UK Edition (officially known as Oakenfold Anthems) is a compilation album by Paul Oakenfold containing Electronica/Dance hits, with the album being totally mixed by Paul Oakenfold, the album was released in 2008, by Paul Oakenfold. It was the first mix album by Oakenfold to chart in the UK Compilation Chart.
Track listing.
Disc 1
Disc 2
Disc 3

</doc>
<doc id="21437393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437393" title="Reincarnated (TV series)">
Reincarnated (TV series)

Reincarnated is a 60 episode 1979 wuxia television series and was produced and aired by Rediffusion Television in Hong Kong and also a series of books, TV and films written by Wong Ying (黃鷹) who co-wrote some of Gu Long stories, such as the Six Spine-Chilling Stories Series and other people.
Plot.
The story is the hero's journey of the protagonist Wan Fei Tsoen (雲飛揚), zh:Yün Fēi Chǎng) from a lowly servant at the Wudan martial arts school to becoming the predominant martial artist in the martial world.
Although by day Wan appears to be devoid of martial ability, a simple bumpkin the butt of practical jokes and contempt of the schools pupils, he is in fact the most able martial artist of all the youngsters at the school. Every night since childhood Wan has secretly practised martial arts in the woods taught to him by a masked teacher whose identity is a secret even to him.
Wan is the actually illegitimate son of Tsing Tsung (青松), the head of the Wudang school, however as a Taoist sect sworn to chastity, Tsing dared not acknowledge Wan as his son, nor out of fear of discovery accept him as an official pupil of the school. However out of paternal responsibility it is Tsing who secretly teaches Wan not only the basic patterns and forms taught to ordinary students of the school but also those patterns and forms reserved for senior initiates in the school. These advanced patterns allow a practitioner to channel and nurture his qi and is reserved for those who may potentially become head of the school.
This advanced art's uniqueness is that the highest level would let the practitioner spin a cocoon around his body. While in this cocoon, his body will be completely changed and become infused with qi. At the time that the practitioner breaks out of his cocoon, not only will his martial arts prowess be greatly enhanced, he'll become a new man. With a new face and thus be reincarnated.
The TV series was written by Wong and other screenwriters.
The book was written after the TV series became popular.
It is produced again in 1983 Shaw Brothers Studio film "Bastard Swordsman" (天蠶變) and the 30 episodes 2001 TV series "New Reincarnated" (新天蚕变/金蚕丝雨). There are some difference in the ending in the Mainland China and Taiwan versions of the TV series.
Different follow-ups.
The following television series tell different conclusions of the lead character Wen. In the 1979 60-episode RTV series "Dragon Strike" (天龍訣), another friend of Wen helps the Zhengde Emperor to fight his enemies. Then the emperor kills him. In the story, Wen is killed by one of his lovers.
In the 1984 Taiwanese (CTS) television series "Reincarnated II" (天蠶再變), a rebooted follow-up of the 1978 Hong Kong series, a friend of Wen fights a man with powerful marital arts and wants to be the emperor. Finally he wins.
In the 1993 30-episode ATV television series "Reincarnated II" (天蠶變之再與天比高), another rebooted follow-up of the 1978 series, Wen is in fact still alive but regained his previous looks (his face changed when he got "reincarnated"). Wen teaches the reincarnated arts to a successor and dies standing after a battle.
In the beginning of the 1980 60-episode RTV series "Hegemony of the Lake" (湖海爭霸錄), Wen is killed by the White Lotus.
Other.
The 1984 Shaw Brothers Studio film "Return of the Bastard Swordsman" (布衣神相) about Wen fight a Japanese ninja is rewritten from "Reincarnated" and "Face to Fate" (布衣神相) written by Wen Ruian.
Wong wrote an unrelated story of "Reincarnated" in the Hong Kong magazine "Knightly" (武侠世界) about the origin of the martial arts and a fighting about it.
The plot of the films and TV series had some changes with the books.
Music.
Tin tsam bin (天蠶變) is a Cantopop album by Michael Kwan, released in 1979 by Philips Records (Hong Kong). It contains three theme songs of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="21437401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437401" title="1930 Newark Tornadoes season">
1930 Newark Tornadoes season

The 1930 Newark Tornadoes season was their second and final in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 3–5–4, winning only one game. Playing, and losing, eight games in October, they finished eleventh in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21437413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437413" title="Joseph Oller">
Joseph Oller

Joseph Oller (Josep Oller i Roca in Catalan) (1839–1922) was a Spanish entrepreneur who lived in Paris for most of his life. He founded the famous cabaret Moulin Rouge and was the inventor of the parimutuel betting.
Biography.
Born in Terrassa, Joseph Oller emigrated to France with his family as a child. Later, he moved back to Spain to study at the university in Bilbao. There, he became fond of cockfighting and started his career as a bookmaker.
Once in Paris, in 1867, Joseph Oller invented a new method of wagering, which he named Pari Mutuel (French for Parimutuel betting). He successfully introduced his system at French race tracks. Nonetheless, in 1874, Joseph Oller was sentenced to fifteen days in prison and fined for operating illegal gambling. Later, in 1891, the French authorities legalised his system and banned fixed-odds betting. Quickly, Oller’s Pari Mutuel spread across most race tracks around the world, but the method was operationalised in engineered systems like that of the automatic totalisator, invented by George Alfred Julius.
In 1870, he moved to London for a while to avoid the Franco-Prussian War. There he came into contact with the world of the stage.
From 1876, Joseph Oller focused his attention on the entertainment industry. 
First he opened various auditoriums and venues: Fantaisies Oller, La Bombonnière, Théâtre des Nouveautés, Nouveau Cirque and the Montagnes Russes. 
But it was in 1889, when he inaugurated the famous Moulin Rouge. 
Four years later, he opened the first Parisian music-hall: Paris Olympia.
He was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21437416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437416" title="Ratan Singh Bhangu">
Ratan Singh Bhangu

Ratan Singh Bhangu was a Sikh historian and Nihang who wrote about the Sikhs' struggles and rise to power in North India. In the beginning of the 19th century the British East India Company approached the Punjab frontier. They wanted to know about the Sikhs and their rise to power in Punjab.
Early life and works.
Ratan Singh Bhangu belonged to the family of martyrs and had first-hand knowledge of the struggle and success of the "Khalsa". He, being a member of the ruling Sikh aristocracy, took upon himself to prove to the British the glory of the Sikh rise to the power in Punjab and the complete legitimacy of Sikh domination. He was requested by Captain Murray, Agent to the Governor-General, to write the history of Sikhs, which he did under the title of the "Prachin Panth Parkash".

</doc>
<doc id="21437418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437418" title="2009 FC Zenit Saint Petersburg season">
2009 FC Zenit Saint Petersburg season

Squad.
"Updated 29 August 2009."

</doc>
<doc id="21437444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437444" title="2001 World Rowing Championships">
2001 World Rowing Championships

The 24th World Rowing Championships were held between August 19 and August 26, 2001 in Lucerne, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="21437450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437450" title="Houston mayoral election, 2007">
Houston mayoral election, 2007

The Houston Mayoral Election of 2007 took place on November 6, 2007. Incumbent Mayor Bill White was re-elected to a third term. Officially the race was non-partisan, but Mayor White is a member of the Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="21437460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437460" title="Yeh Yung-chieh">
Yeh Yung-chieh

Yeh Yung-chieh (; born April 21, 1985 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League. He currently plays as relief pitcher for the Elephants.

</doc>
<doc id="21437469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437469" title="Adrian Mannix">
Adrian Mannix

Adrian Timothy Mannix (born 1988 in St. Finbarrs Hospital, Cork City, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Kilworth and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team in 2009. 
Mannix was a star player for Cork at minor level. He won back-to-back Munster minor titles in 2005 and 2006. In 2009 he played a prominent role with Cork IT and the team reached the Fitzgibbon Cup semi-finals.
At club level, Mannix was described as Kilworth's star forward. His "outstanding" form in Kilworth's march to the 2006 Munster Junior Club Hurling Championship title earned him a call-up to Cork's provisional 2007 senior county squad. He also turned in an inspirational performance in Kilworth's All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship quarter-final victory over British junior champions Granuaile.
After the 2008 Cork senior panel's refual to play under the management of Gerald McCarthy, Mannix was among the players called up in their place by McCarthy. In Cork's first game of the National Hurling League, he turned in an impressive performance against Dublin, and retained his place on the team to play Tipperary. Mannix again started and scored in the next match, against Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="21437477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437477" title="Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld">
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld

Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Birkenfeld in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld was created in 1569 in the partition of Palatinate-Zweibrücken after the death of Wolfgang for his youngest son Charles I. After Charles' death in 1600 his state was partitioned into itself and Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler by his sons, with George William succeeding him in Birkenfeld. In 1635 the state was invaded and devastated during the Thirty Years' War, and in the same year decimated by an outbreak of the Plague. George William died in 1669 and was succeeded by his son Charles II Otto. Two years later he died, and with him the male line of the branch, so the state passed to Christian II of Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler. Christian II died in 1717 and was succeeded by his son Christian III. In 1731 Christian inherited the Duchy of Zweibrücken and its seat in the Imperial Diet, and renamed his territories to Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken.

</doc>
<doc id="21437497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437497" title="Charles I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld">
Charles I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld

Charles I of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld (; 4 September 1560 – 16 December 1600), Count Palatine of the Rhine, Duke in Bavaria, Count to Veldenz and Sponheim was the Duke of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld from 1569 until 1600.
Life.
Charles was born in Neuburg in 1560 as the youngest son of Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken. After his father's death in 1569, Charles and his brothers partitioned his territories: Charles received the Palatine share on the Rear County of Sponheim, a small territory around Birkenfeld. Charles is the founder of the House of Palatinate-Birkenfeld.
Charles died in Birkenfeld in 1600 and was buried in Meisenheim. Charles was a prince of a relatively unimportant state, and his chief fame is that the Kings of Bavaria descended from him.
Marriage.
Charles married Dorothea of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1 January 1570 – 15 August 1649), daughter of Duke William VI, on 23 February 1586 and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21437513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437513" title="Jardin botanique de Bayonne">
Jardin botanique de Bayonne

The Jardin botanique de Bayonne (3000 m²), also known as the Jardin botanique des Remparts, is a botanical garden located at the Avenue du 11 Novembre and Allée de Tarride, Bayonne, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Aquitaine, France. It is open Tuesday through Saturday in the warmer months; admission is free.
The botanical garden was established in the late 1990s atop an existing 7-metre high bastion by Vauban, within the city's protected sector between its cathedral and ramparts, and overlooking its war memorial. It contains about 1,000 taxa arranged in 11 groupings, including bamboos, a fine collection of Japanese maples, fountain, waterfall, pond, Japanese bridge, and walkways created from recycled materials.
It is served by free shuttle bus of the city center line at the stop number 7. Entry is free (easy access for the disabled) but no dogs allowed from Tuesday to Saturday from middle of April to middle of October,from 9:30 to 12:00 and from 14.00 to 18.00.

</doc>
<doc id="21437523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437523" title="George William, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld">
George William, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld

George William (German: Georg Wilhelm) (6 August 1591 – 25 December 1669), titular Count Palatine of the Rhine, Duke in Bavaria, Count of Veldenz and Sponheim was the Duke of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld from 1600 until 1669.
Life.
George William was born in Ansbach in 1591 as the eldest son of Charles I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld. He succeeded his father in 1600 as Count of Sponheim. He was joint ruler in the Sponheimish condominium together with Margrave Wilhelm of Baden, whose counter-reformationist movements he laboriously repelled. George William finished the expansion of Castle Birkenfeld, which his father had begun, and set the ground stone for the castle chapel. He is seen as an economical and prudent regent, though he could not do much through the Thirty Years' War. His lands were invaded during the Thirty Years' War in 1635, and in the same year the plague broke out killing 416 people. In the year 1666 he appointed Günter Heyler as court preacher to Birkenfeld. George William died in Birkenfeld in 1669. He was buried in the parish church of Birkenfeld; later his tomb was moved to the chapel of Birkenfeld castle and finally to Meisenheim.
Marriage.
George William married Dorothea of Solms-Sonnenwalde (1586–1625), daughter of Count Otto, on 30 November 1616 and had the following children:
George William married Juliana of Salm-Grumbach (1616–1647) on 30 November 1641. The marriage remained childless and was divorced after Juliane gave birth to a child so shortly after the wedding that George William could not have been the father. (The child's father was in fact Johann Ludwig of Salm-Dhaun.)
George William married Anne Elizabeth of Öttingen-Öttingen (3 November 1603 – 3 June 1673), daughter of Count Louis Eberhard, on 8 March 1649. The marriage remained childless.

</doc>
<doc id="21437531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437531" title="Ger O'Driscoll (hurler)">
Ger O'Driscoll (hurler)

Ger O'Driscoll (born 1987 in Newcestown, County Cork) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Newcestown and has been a member of the Cork senior inter-county team since 2009 due to the 2008–9 Cork senior hurling team strike. O'Driscoll won back-to-back Munster minor titles in 2004 and 2005. laid with st Brogans college on the famous double hurling and football teams in 2004. playing wing back on the football while playing in the corner for the hurlers.

</doc>
<doc id="21437540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437540" title="Charles II Otto, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld">
Charles II Otto, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld

Charles II Otto (German: Karl II. Otto) (5 September 1625 – 30 March 1671) was the Duke of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld from 1669 until 1671.
Life.
Charles Otto was born in Birkenfeld in 1625 as the only son of George William, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld. He succeeded his father in 1669. Charles Otto died in Birkenfeld in 1671 and was buried in Meisenheim.
Marriage.
Charles Otto married Margaret Hedwig of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein (1 January 1625 – 24 December 1676), daughter of Count Kraft VII, on 30 November 1616 and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21437542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437542" title="Georg Pinkepank">
Georg Pinkepank

Georg Gustav Albert Willi Pinkepank (18 December 1907 – 24 November 1979) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21437545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437545" title="Robert Pope">
Robert Pope

Robert F. Pope, Jr. (born March 11, 1946, Petaluma, California) is an American writer.
His father, Robert Pope, Sr., a United States Army officer, was stationed in Asmara, Eritrea, East Africa, when his son was born. His wife and children joined him when Robert, Jr. was six months old.
From then on they moved at least every three years, living in France, Germany and Washington, D.C. 
Robert Pope, Jr. attended the University of Maryland in College Park for two years before transferring to the University of California at Berkeley, where he graduated in 1968. He taught secondary school in Gonzales, California, before returning to school to earn a standard secondary credential from California State University at Northdridge. 
Following this, he taught high school English for two years in Porterville, California, before returning to graduate school at California State University at San Diego, where he received his MA in English and taught courses in Freshman Composition and Creative Writing. He attended and graduated from the University of Iowa's Writers' Workshop in fiction, where he taught literature courses.
By this time he had published short stories in various literary magazines, including "Denver Quarterly, Chicago Review, Iowa Review," as well as a handmade chapbook of stories called "Imagine a Moment", printed by Leigh McLellan and The Meadow Press. 
He wrote and waited tables at The Mill Restaurant in Iowa City for a year before taking a position as a professor at the University of Akron, which is now part of the NEOMFA program. Pope has taught literature and writing courses for both graduate and undergraduate students. During the time he has worked there, he has published fifty stories and essays, as well as a novel, "Jack's Universe" and a collection of stories, "Private Acts".

</doc>
<doc id="21437554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437554" title="Jersey City mayoral election, 2005">
Jersey City mayoral election, 2005

The Jersey City mayoral election of 2005 was held on May 10, 2005. Democrat Jerramiah Healy replace incumbent Democrat L. Harvey Smith.
Results.
Jersey City Mayor 
Completed Precincts: 176 of 184 (95.65%)

</doc>
<doc id="21437562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437562" title="National Referral Hospital (Thimphu)">
National Referral Hospital (Thimphu)

The National Referral Hospital (full name "Jigme Dorji Wangchuck National Referral Hospital") is the main hospital in Bhutan, located in the capitol, Thimphu. Since it was established in 1972, the hospital has been supplying free basic medical treatment as well as advanced surgeries and emergency services to citizens from all over the country. It provides the most sophisticated health evaluation and management services in the country. Recently the hospital has added CT and MRI diagnosis equipment and improved lab services. The hospital has a library with many current textbooks.
The hospital is one of five medical service centers within Thimphu. The others are two Indian hospitals (DANTAK hospital at
Semtokha and IMTRAT hospital in the main town), the BHU in Dechencholing and the Outreach Clinic in
Motithang.
Health Issues.
In 1991 the most prevalent diseases in Bhutan in order of seriousness were respiratory tract infections, diarrhoea/dysentery, skin infections, worm infections, malaria, conjunctivitis, peptic ulcer syndrome, otitis media, tooth and gum diseases, urinary tract infections and nephritis, childhood diseases, sexually-transmitted diseases, diseases of the female genital tract and complications in pregnancy and childbirth puerperium.
The Obstetrics and Gynaecology Department handles about 3,000 deliveries annually. However, with growing demand, the existing worn-out equipment is insufficient in quantity and quality. Difficulties of proper monitoring and timely intervention has led to avoidable caesarean operations and stillbirths on rare occasions. Recently, assisted by the government of Japan, the department has been able to obtain new equipment including vacuum sets for delivery, phototherapy machines, infant warmers, foetal dopplers, CTG machines and ultrasound.
Alcohol-related liver disease has been a major cause of death in Bhutan during recent years. Health ministry statistics showed that 98 of 1,471 patients in Thimpu Referral Hospital died of this cause in 2007. The hospital admitted around the same number of patients in 2008, but better medication helped lower the death rate.
Between four to ten cases relating to domestic violence affecting women from all walks of life are reported to the hospital everyday. Jealousy, intoxication, and financial problems seem to be the main causes.
In October 2008, the hospital detected the first case of dengue fever of resident of the capital in a 63-year-old woman. The woman was admitted to hospital on September 2 with fever and pain in the limbs.
Replacement Facility.
In the late 1990s, a plan was launched to upgrade the 175-bed Jigme Dorji Wangchuck Hospital to a national referral hospital with assistance from the government of India. After study, the existing structure was found to be too weak to upgrade. The planners proposed a new 350-bed hospital. By 2002 a lab building, compound wall, gift shop, doctors and nurses quarter and internal road has been completed. The project was planned to be complete by the end of 2007, but there have been delays in construction.
The hospital’s congested maternity ward, with limited staff and space, will have a better working environment once the new hospital is opened with a larger maternity ward with more staff and better technical facilities. This was funded in part by the government of Japan. 
Related Organizations.
Royal Institute of Health Sciences.
The Royal Institute of Health Sciences (RIHS) is one of two main medical education centers in Bhutan, the other being the National Institute of Traditional Medicine. The RIHS was established in Thimpu in 1974 as a member college of the Royal University of Bhutan, and is associated with the Thimpu Referral Hospital. The RIHS offers diploma and certificate programmes for nurses, medical technicians and other primary health care workers.
Planned Medical College.
A medical college is planned to provide training for doctors at the hospital, assisted by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences. The college will offer MBBS courses, and have an intake capacity of not more than 50 students. About 20 subject departments will be needed. Bhutan does not yet have anatomy, physiology and biochemistry departments. The health ministry is working on the process of linking post graduate programmes for the students and to ensure that the medical college is widely recognized. Health officials said that the government should also look at remuneration and incentives to attract more doctors and specialists to take up the extra work of teaching and practising medicine.
JDWNRH Welfare Home.
Patients from rural areas seeking treatment often have trouble finding an affordable place to stay. The JDWNRH Welfare Home was established by Her Royal Highness Ashi Kesang Wangmo Wangchuk to provide free shelter for poor patients from distant places. The home accommodates an average of 30 patients daily. It is supported by the Bhutan Foundation, which provides beds, linens, curtains, basic furniture, and hot water facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="21437566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437566" title="Christian II, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld">
Christian II, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld

Christian II (22 June 1637 – 26 April 1717) was the Duke of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler from 1654 until 1717, the Duke of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld from 1671 until 1717, and the Count of Rappoltstein from 1673 until 1699.
Life.
Christian was born in Bischwiller in 1637 as the eldest surviving son of Christian I, Count Palatine of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler. After his father's death in 1654 he succeeded him to his territories around Bischweiler. In 1671 he inherited Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld from his cousin Charles II Otto. Through the inheritance of his wife, he was also the Count of Rappolstein from 1673 until he granted that title to his son Christian III.
Marriage.
Christian married Countess Catherine Agatha of Rappoltstein (15 June 1648 – 16 July 1683) on 5 September 1667 and had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="21437584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437584" title="Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler">
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler

Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around Bischwiller in the far northeast of France.
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler was partitioned from Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld in 1600 for Christian I, the youngest son of Count Palatine Charles I. The state was partitioned into itself and Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen in 1654. In 1671 Count Palatine Christian II inherited Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld and this state ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="21437595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437595" title="Arthur Bankart">
Arthur Bankart

Arthur Sidney Blundell Bankart FRCS (1879 – 1951) was a British orthopaedic surgeon best known for describing the Bankart lesion and Bankart repair for shoulder dislocation.
Biography.
Arthur Bankart was born in Exeter in 1879, the son of surgeon James Bankart. He was educated at Rugby School, Trinity College, Cambridge, and Guy's Hospital, qualifying in medicine in 1906. He became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1909, and Master of Surgery in 1910.
In 1909 he became the first surgical registrar at the newly established Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital. In 1911 he was also appointed surgeon to the Maida Vale Hospital for nervous diseases, the Belgrave Hospital for Children and the Queen's Hospital for Children, all in London. Therefore at that time he was practising orthopaedic surgery, neurosurgery and paediatric surgery at four different hospitals. He also worked with Robert Jones at the Shepherds Bush Military Orthopaedic Centre during the First World War. He performed most of the neurosurgery at the Maida Vale Hospital, particularly spinal surgery, until his departure in 1933. He was subsequently appointed orthopaedic surgeon to the Middlesex Hospital, and also performed many of the neurosurgical operations carried out there. He was one of the first surgeons to perform lateral cordotomy for pain relief in the United Kingdom. 
During the Second World War he worked at Mount Vernon Hospital. He retired in 1944, but continued working until his death, after a full day of operating at Mount Vernon Hospital, on 8 April 1951.
Legacy.
Bankart is remembered for developing a precise and very fast surgical technique after studying under Arbuthnot-Lane. He would tell his students that during his time at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital he would discharge the old patients when the senior surgeons went on summer holiday, and would then admit new patients on whom he would operate.
Bankart described the pathology and surgical repair of recurrent shoulder dislocation in 1923, and again in 1938. Although this procedure was described by Perthes in 1906, Bankart is credited with spreading the technique. Thus the terms Bankart lesion and Bankart Operation remain in use.

</doc>
<doc id="21437599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437599" title="Christian I, Count Palatine of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler">
Christian I, Count Palatine of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler

Christian I (3 November 1598 – 6 September 1654) was the Duke of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler from 1600 until 1654.
Life.
Christian was born in Birkenfeld in 1598 as the youngest son of Charles I, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld. His father's lands were partitioned after his death and Christian received the territory around Bischwiller (German: Bischweiler) in Alsace. Christian died in Neuenstein in 1654 and was buried in Bischwiller.
Marriage.
Christian married Magdalena Catherine of Palatinate-Zweibrücken (26 April 1607 – 20 January 1648), daughter of Duke John II, on 14 November 1630 and had the following children:
Christian married Maria Joanna of Helffenstein (8 September 1612 – 20 August 1665), daughter of Count Rudolph V, on 28 October 1648 and had the following son:

</doc>
<doc id="21437606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437606" title="1930 Providence Steam Roller season">
1930 Providence Steam Roller season

The 1930 Providence Steam Roller season was their sixth in the league. The team improved on their previous season's output of 4–6–2, winning six games. They finished fifth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21437610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437610" title="Raymond Beyda">
Raymond Beyda

Raymond Beyda is a prominent Rabbi and lecturer in the Brooklyn area. He has pioneered taping lectures and giving them out for free since the early 1990s. He has authored a book titled "1 Minute With Yourself" which contains essays on how to improve one's life.

</doc>
<doc id="21437613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437613" title="Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken">
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken

Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken was a state of the Holy Roman Empire based around the Duchy of Zweibrücken in modern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken was created in 1731 when Christian III of Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld inherited the Duchy of Zweibrücken. Christian soon died in 1735 and was succeeded by his son Christian IV. Christian IV began his reign obtaining politically favourable conditions for his state, and in this end he formed a close relationship with the court of France. Although he bankrupted the state through his alchemy, art collecting, construction work and a failed attempt to establish a porcelain industry in Zweibrücken, he was considered a good Duke, especially in comparison to his nephew Charles III who succeeded him in 1775.
Charles III began his reign as an absolutist ruler, and in the first two years he endeavoured to dismiss the court and restore the financial situation of the state. He greatly expanded the size of the household of the Duchy which quickly developed into a financial burden itself, further increasing his unpopularity. In 1778/9 the Potato War was fought on Charles' behalf by Prussia and Saxony to prevent Charles Theodore, Duke of Bavaria, exchanging the Duchy of Bavaria for the Austrian Netherlands as Charles was the heir of Bavaria. When the French Revolution broke out he managed to obtain the neutrality of his state by the French, but in 1795 the French invaded and annexed Zweibrücken and Charles fled to Mannheim and later Heidelberg-Rohrbach. He was succeeded in title by his brother Maximilian Joseph in 1795. In 1797 Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken was formally ceded to France, although two years later Maximilian inherited Bavaria.

</doc>
<doc id="21437617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437617" title="Troy Kyles">
Troy Kyles

Troy Thomas Kyles (born August 13, 1968 in Lorain, Ohio) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He attended Howard University. He was with the New York Giants in 1990 and the San Francisco 49ers in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="21437625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437625" title="1953 Col des Nuages derailment">
1953 Col des Nuages derailment

The Col des Nuages derailment was a train derailment that occurred in eastern French Indochina, in modern-day Vietnam, on 24 June 1953, during the First Indochina War. Railway officials announced the day after that "about 100 or more" were killed when a passenger train plunged 50 feet through a sabotaged viaduct.
Two locomotives and 18 cars crashed down in a ravine at the Col des Nuages ("Pass of the Clouds", known now as the Hai Van Pass), a mountain pass on the route between the ancient Vietnamese capital of Huế and the port of Tourane (Đà Nẵng). The pass had frequently been the scene of attacks by the Communist-directed Viet Minh rebels.
Officials said that a strong explosive charge detonated just as the train arrived at the viaduct, tumbling a 25-foot span into the ravine.

</doc>
<doc id="21437626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437626" title="Duped Till Doomsday">
Duped Till Doomsday

Duped Till Doomsday () is a 1957 East German drama film directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen. It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
Soldiers Wagner, Paulun and Lick are three friends and the best sharpshooters in their division, that is stationed in Latvia, near the German-Soviet border. During June 1941, while on vacation, they walk near a river and spot a movement in the bush. Believing it to be a bird, they shoot in its direction and discover that they have killed Angelika, their captain's daughter. The three throw her corpse to a swamp and proceed as if nothing happened. Lick tells of the incident to his father, a Waffen-SS general, who decides to use the corpse for propaganda purposes: on 22 June, the day of the invasion to the Soviet Union, he exhumes Angelika's remains and claims she was killed by Soviet marauders. Her father orders to shoot Latvian civilians in response. Paulun tries to tell the truth, but Lick claims he is insane; Wagner remains silent. When Paulun tries to escape arrest, he is killed by Lick. Wagner does nothing and continues to behave as usual.
Production.
The script was adapted from the 1955-published novel "Kameraden" by Franz Fühmann. Fühmann himself was excluded from participating in the production. The picture was the first of the "army epics", a new East German genre that reformed the classic German style of portraying military comradeship, replacing the typical soldiery friendship with plots centered on moral dilemmas facing the servicemen. In addition, the picture was intended as a response to the war films produced in the West at those years.
Reception.
"Betrogen bis zum jüngsten Tag" was the first East German film to be entered into the Cannes Film Festival; a year earlier, at 1956, "Zar und Zimmermann" and "Der Teufelskreis" were screened outside the competition. Although the picture had no chance of winning due to political considerations, it was nominated for the Palme d'Or.
The film was DEFA's most successful project since the 1946 "Murderers Among Us". It was well received abroad. The "Punch" magazine's reviewer wrote that it was "very worth seeing... mostly admirable, flowed in the end." The East German media called it "the first DEFA war film" and praised it. Fühmann's work received considerable attention due to the film, and his books were re-printed.

</doc>
<doc id="21437633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437633" title="Andreas Martin Seip">
Andreas Martin Seip

Andreas Martin Seip (26 December 1790 – 10 September 1850) was a Norwegian military officer and politician. 
He was the son of dr.med. Christian Caspar "Jesper" Seip (1751–1806), who had migrated to Norway from Copenhagen. Both Andreas Martin Seip and his brother Jesper Gotlieb Seip (1793–1865) had a military career, reaching the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Andreas Martin Seip also served as a road inspector. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1821, representing the constituency of Frederiksstad. He only served one term.
Andreas Martin Seip was a paternal grandfather of educator and politician Karl Seip, priest Jens Laurits Arup Seip and priest Martin Fredrik Seip. Through Jens Laurits he was a great-grandfather of politician Hans Kristian Seip and academic Didrik Arup Seip.

</doc>
<doc id="21437675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437675" title="Houston mayoral election, 2005">
Houston mayoral election, 2005

The Houston Mayoral Election of 2005 took place on November 8, 2005. Incumbent Mayor Bill White was re-elected to a second term. Officially the race was non-partisan, but Mayor White is a historical Democrat.

</doc>
<doc id="21437686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437686" title="David Brown (bishop)">
David Brown (bishop)

He was born on 11 July 1922 and educated at Monkton Combe School and SOAS. He was ordained in 1949 and after a curacy at Immanuel, Streatham he was a Missionary with the Church Missionary Society in Sudan, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria from 1952 to 1966 and then Vicar of Christ Church, Herne Bay. A school in Woking is named in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="21437695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437695" title="Dillinger Four / Pinhead Gunpowder">
Dillinger Four / Pinhead Gunpowder

Dillinger Four/Pinhead Gunpowder is a split EP by the American punk rock bands Dillinger Four and Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on May 16, 2000 through Adeline Records.
Track listing.
Pinhead Gunpowder.
All songs written by Aaron Cometbus except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="21437716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437716" title="Rick Gervais">
Rick Gervais

Richard Paul "Rick" Gervais (born November 4, 1959 in Bend, Oregon) is a former professional American football defensive back in the National Football League. He attended Stanford University. He played with the San Francisco 49ers from 1981 to 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21437724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437724" title="Henri Dobert">
Henri Dobert

Henri Dobert (1915–1943) was a member of the Buckmaster resistant cell during World War II. He was in charge of gathering information on building, location and troop movement in the Cabourg-Houlgate sector in Normandy. He was hired for the construction of the Atlantic Wall by the Organisation Todt and was able to gather information.
He was arrested by the Gestapo and shot soon later in 1943 near Rouen.

</doc>
<doc id="21437725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437725" title="Kurt Jung-Alsen">
Kurt Jung-Alsen

Kurt Jung-Alsen (18 June 1915 – 20 December 1976) was a German film director and screenwriter. He directed 24 films between 1954 and 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="21437731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437731" title="Greg Mulcahy">
Greg Mulcahy

Greg Mulcahy is an American novelist and short story writer. He was born in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1958. His collection,"Out of Work," was published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1993. His novel, "Constellation," was published by Avisson Press in 1996. His short fiction appeared frequently in Gordon Lish's "The Quarterly". His work has also appeared in Diane Williams's "Noon," Coop Renner's "elimae," Kathryn Rantala's publications,"The New York Tyrant", "Caliban", "The Gettysburg Review", "Juked", "Alice Blue Review", "Sidebrow", "five_trope", "Word Riot," and other journals.

</doc>
<doc id="21437737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437737" title="National Catholic Youth Conference">
National Catholic Youth Conference

The National Catholic Youth Conference, frequently referred to as NCYC, is a three-day event for Roman Catholic youth. NCYC is held in U.S. cities every two years and organized in part by the host diocese of the city. The conference is organized by the National Federation for Catholic Youth Ministry (NFCYM). During the conference, there is music, prayer, workshops, liturgy, and opportunities to participate in the Sacrament of Penance (Catholic Church), otherwise known as Reconciliation or Confession. 
There are also concerts, dances, and a comedy club at NCYC. The thematic park is an area set up with interactive educational and recreational activities, as well as traditional exhibits and vendor booths in what is known as the "thematic park".
The nature of the NCYC conference requires large indoor facilities for a conference. The Nationwide Arena was used in conjunction with the Columbus Convention Center at the 2007 NCYC, where the 20,000 seat arena space was used for general sessions and participants walked to the convention center for breakout sessions including workshops and larger concurrent sessions. At the 2009 conference, the general session was duplicated via live video stream to the Grand Ballroom of the Kansas City Convention Center for overflow purposes. There were over 5,000 in overflow seating as the Sprint Center seated only 19,000. NCYC does not use club-level seats in participating arenas, lowering the optimum seating capacity, but floor seats are available on a first come, first serve basis.
The 2011 NCYC was held at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. The event's main sessions were broadcast around the world online. During the day, the participants spent the day in the Indianapolis Convention Center for small workshops and influential speakers. The city of Indianapolis will also host the 2013 and 2015 editions. The 2013 event will occur November 21-23. Christian artist Matt Maher will be making an appearance.
History.
NCYC began in 1983 as a regional conference, with one session for the east coast and one session for the west coast. The regional conferences had a few thousand youth in attendance. NCYC was merged into a national conference in 1991 and interest in the conference began to grow. The conference now attracts over 20,000 youth and adults for three days of worship, music, and fun.

</doc>
<doc id="21437757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437757" title="1930 Staten Island Stapletons season">
1930 Staten Island Stapletons season

The 1930 Staten Island Stapletons season was their second in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 3–4–3, winning five games. They finished sixth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21437776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437776" title="Weitsee">
Weitsee

Weitsee is a small lake on between Reit im Winkl and Ruhpolding with an area of 63.60 ha and a maximum depth of 9.30 m. The lake itself is separated in a shallow western and a deeper eastern part by a mountain halfisland. It is the first lake in the Dreiseengebiet (Three Lake Area) followed by the Mittersee and Lödensee. The lakes are located in the valley between the Gurnwandkopf und Dürrnbachhorn next to the Deutsche Alpenstraße B305 (German Alpine Street). Only a few small tributary bring water to the lake most of the water comes from a 5 m deep spring which is located at the nearrowest part of the lake. All the watter from the outflow of the lake ends in seepage at the end of the Lödensee after it has gone through Mittersee. Geological research showed that the water find its way under the Hochgern mountain to the bog near Bergen, Upper Bavaria.
The lake with its beach, the clean water and the distance to the next village attracts many people in summer. The beach has also a nudist part which is located farest from the street. In the winter the cross-country ski run between Reit im Winkl and Ruhpolding crosses the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21437789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437789" title="Joe Frans">
Joe Frans

Joseph "Joe" Frans (born July 1, 1975 in Grimsby, Ontario) is a Canadian curler from Erin, Ontario. Frans is most notable for being a two-time provincial champion and for being suspended from competitive curling for cocaine usage.
Frans obtained fame as a curler in 1991, when he won the provincial school boys championship and the provincial junior mixed championship while curling in Smiths Falls, Ontario. In 1993, Frans won the provincial junior championship while playing in St. Catharines, Ontario. At the 1993 Canadian Junior Curling Championships, his team would finish with a 6-5 record. In 1994, Frans would win a second straight provincial championship, this time with Bradford, Ontario. At the 1994 Canadian Junior Curling Championships, he skipped the Ontario team to a 4th place finish (7-4 record), just out of the playoffs.
Frans later joined up with another provincial junior champion, John Morris, playing as his vice. The team played in the 2001 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, finishing with a 5-4 record. The following year, they won a provincial men's championship. At the 2002 Nokia Brier, the team lost in the final to Randy Ferbey's Alberta rink. The following year, the team lost to Ferbey once again in the Canada Cup final. Morris left Ontario following that season, and Frans joined up with Wayne Middaugh, playing as his second. The team won the 2005 provincial championship, qualifying them for the 2005 Tim Hortons Brier. It was at the 2005 Brier, that Frans was randomly selected to have his urine tested. After the Brier, it was announced that Frans had tested positive for cocaine, which Frans denies using. Nonetheless, Frans was banned from competitive curling for two years. It was the first positive drug test in curling history. [http://slam.canoe.ca/Slam/Curling/2005/06/08/1076791.html At the 2005 Brier, the team finished with a 6-5 record. Frans curled 81%, fourth among seconds.
Frans would return in 2007, skipping his own team. The 2007 John Shea Insurance Canada Cup Qualifier being one of his first major events.
In 2009, Frans qualified for the 2009 provincial championship, where he and his rink lost in the semi-final to Peter Corner. He qualified again in 2010 and finished with a 6-4 record. In 2011, he joined the Corner rink and played second.
For the 2012-13 curling season, Frans will return to skipping. He'll being replacing Dale Matchett, who skipped the team of Ryan Werenich (son of the legendary Ed Werenich), Jeff Gorda and Shawn Kaufman since the fall of 2005. Matchett is retiring from competitive play.

</doc>
<doc id="21437810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437810" title="Nikolaus Heilmann">
Nikolaus Heilmann

Nikolaus Heilmann (20 April 1903 – 30 January 1945) was a Brigadeführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Nikolaus Heilmann was born on the 20 April 1903, in Schlüchtern, Hessen. After he graduated from school he joined the police force in 1925 and eventually was a teacher of tactics in the police academy in Berlin.
World War II.
In May 1939 he joined the SS (SS service number 327324) and at the start of World War II, he was posted to the 4th SS Polizei Division and served in the early campaigns in Belgium, Luxembourg and France under the command of his friend Karl Pfeffer-Wildenbruch, who did recommend him at this stage for the Knight's Cross, but it was turned down by Heinrich Himmler on the grounds that he was not a good leader.
He did get awarded the German Cross in Gold in August 1942. In June 1943, he was promoted to Standartenführer and appointed Chief of Staff to the IV SS Panzer Corps whose entire staff was transferred to the VI SS Army Corps when he found himself again under the command of Karl Pfeffer-Wildenbruch.
He remained on the Army staff until February 1944 when he was given command of the 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian) and also promoted to Oberführer. He commanded the 15th SS until July 1944 when he had some of the men under his command shot for losing the weapons.
He was transferred to command the 14th Waffen Grenadier Division of SS in August 1944, when he is wounded and also awarded the Knight's Cross. He returned to command the 15th SS in January 1945, after he had recovered from his wounds. He was killed in action leading the division on the 30 January 1945 and posthumously promoted to the rank of Brigadeführer.

</doc>
<doc id="21437814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437814" title="William Patey">
William Patey

Sir William Charters Patey, KCMG (born 11 July 1953) is a former British Ambassador to Afghanistan. Sir William retired from HM Diplomatic Service, and was replaced by Sir Richard Stagg, formerly British High Commissioner to India, in April 2012. Patey previously served as Ambassador to Sudan, Ambassador to Iraq and Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. Sir William is a Patron of the charity Kids for Kids, helping children in rural areas of Darfur, Sudan.
Early life.
He attended Trinity Academy, Edinburgh, then a grammar school. He gained a Scottish undergraduate Master of Arts (MA) from the University of Dundee.
Career.
He joined the FCO in 1975. He went to the Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies (MECAS) from 1977-8. From 2005-6 he was the Ambassador to Iraq and from 2002-5 the Ambassador to Sudan. Patey gave evidence to The Iraq Inquiry on 24 November 2009 and 5 January 2010.
Joined Control Risks as Government and International Relations Adviser in July 2012. Became a non executive Director of HSBC Bank Middle East on 10 July 2012. Justifying British support for, and arms sales to, serial human rights violators in the Middle East in November 2012—that is, even in the face of the Arab Spring—Patey said, "The people in the Gulf will say, 'you of all people should understand why evolutionary change is better than revolutionary change'," referring to European revolutions.
He was appointed Chairman of Swindon Town F.C. on 15 October 2012.
Recognition.
Already a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG), Patey was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 2009 New Year Honours List.
Personal life.
He married Vanessa Morrell in 1978. They have two sons. Patey is an avid cinema goer.

</doc>
<doc id="21437834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437834" title="Congenital hemolytic anemia">
Congenital hemolytic anemia

Congenital hemolytic anemia (or hereditary hemolytic anemia) refers to hemolytic anemia which is primarily due to congenital disorders.
Types.
Basically classified by causative mechanism, types of congenital hemolytic anemia include:

</doc>
<doc id="21437836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437836" title="Men's 400 metres European record progression">
Men's 400 metres European record progression

The following table shows the European record progression in the men's 400 metres, as ratified by the EAA

</doc>
<doc id="21437853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437853" title="Andrew MacKenzie (racing driver)">
Andrew MacKenzie (racing driver)

Andrew MacKenzie (born 1 September 1952) is a retired British auto racing driver. The highest level of motor-sport he competed in was the British Touring Car Championship. In 1991 he entered a Peugeot 405Mi-16 with the independent ACE Motorsport Team. This was very much a low budget effort and he only entered three rounds, making the starting grid in just one of these where he finished in seventeenth place at Silverstone.

</doc>
<doc id="21437857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437857" title="Rudolf Ulrich">
Rudolf Ulrich

Rudolf Ulrich (3 January 1922 – 4 April 1997) was a German film actor. He appeared in 67 films between 1954 and 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="21437872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437872" title="Media of Mongolia">
Media of Mongolia

The media of Mongolia refers to the print, broadcast and online media in Mongolia. Since the collapse of the Soviet style system in 1990, the media has undergone large reforms which have allowed greater diversity and freedom of the press which make it one of the most free in the region. Censorship of media outlets is forbidden under the 1998 Media Freedom Law. In its 2013 report, Reporters Without Borders classified the media environment as 98th out of 179, with 1st being most free.
Despite a population of just three million people, there are 555 media outlets in Mongolia and nearly 5,000 journalists nationwide. 
The press.
History.
1920-1990s.
Mongolian press began in 1920 with close ties to the Soviet Union under the Mongolian Communist Party, with the "Unen" ("Truth") newspaper similar to the Soviet "Pravda" and "Dzaluuchuudyn Unen" ("Young People's Truth"), founded by the Central Committee of the Revolutionary Youth League in 1924; and "Ulaan Od" ("Red Star") founded by the Ministries of Defense and Public Security following respectively in 1930. Until reforms in the 1990s, the government had strict control of the media and oversaw all publishing, in which no independent media was allowed. For 70 years, the sole source of information for the population was the state-run Mongolian National Broadcaster. The dissolution of the Soviet Union had a significant impact on Mongolia, where the one-party state grew into a multi-party democracy, and with that, media freedoms came to the forefront.
1990s-present day.
A new law on press freedom, drafted with help from international NGOs on August 28, 1998 and enacted on January 1, 1999, paved the way for media reforms. The Mongolian media currently consists of around 300 print and broadcasting outlets. The press, in all forms, carries criticism of the government and "heavy-handed" police tactics during demonstrations, though journalists remain at risk of laws criminalising defamation and reporting on "state secrets". Despite laws against censorship, a small number of outlets were censored that reported on corruption of government officials, which have often led the opposition to accuse the governing Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party of using the media to ensure its success in elections. The government encourages press freedom; head of government Miyegombo Enkhbold spoke of “journalists who fight social injustice and work hard to develop a free press”. To avoid libel offenses, the independent media undergo a degree of self-censorship. Globe International, an independent media watchdog, was set up in 1999 in the capital which aims to protect media freedom and expression.
Since 2006, the media environment has been improving with the government having passed a new Freedom of Information Act, and the removal of any affiliation of media outlets with the government. Market reforms have led to an increasing number of people working in the media year on year, along with students at journalism schools. Though reforms are continuing, the legal system offers little protection for journalists who criticise government officials. The Globe International organisation conducted a study between 2001 and 2005 which found that 60% of legal cases were lost by the media, with 10% winning and 32% settling the case. The Press Institute of Mongolia conducts and publishes the "Monitoring Mongolian Media" survey, outlining the current status of the media.
Newspapers.
The oldest newspaper is "Unen", meaning truth, founded in 1920 and has around 200,000 subscribers, making it one of the most read daily newspapers. The "Mongol Messenger", published by the state-run "Montsame", is favoured by government officials and circulated in government offices and overseas embassies, whereas private publications are widely read by expatriates and English speaking Mongolians and Western businesses. Papers and journals are also produced by political parties, the army, trade unions and by artistic, cultural, scientific and literary organisations. Given the high level of literacy rates in the country (97.8% according to 2000 census), newspaper and journal circulation is often small, though it is increasing. The population's preference to newspapers is among the highest in the world, with 68% preferring newspapers to other forms of media. As with state run television and radio, state owned papers have become privatised. Two state-owned leading dailies, "Ardiin Erkh" and "Zasgiin Gazariin", were sold to the public in 1999 as part of the 1998 law.
Television and radio.
Under a law passed in 2005, prominent Mongolian state-run radio and television became a public service broadcaster. Radio remains the most important medium, particularly for dispersed herdsman in the countryside. There are a large number of radio stations, both national and foreign, mainly based in Ulaanbaatar. Around 115 FM and 7 AM stations were on air in 2006, including the BBC World Service, Voice of America and other foreign stations. Radio broadcasts are in Mongolian, Russian and English. Independent television has had a smaller impact compared to the former state run channel due to financial limitations, though private radio has had more success in the countryside which was once dominated by state radio. Satellite television is also growing in popularity, with 15 cable operators and up to 90 cable channels, including CNN, BBC, National Geographic Channel and news programmes from China, Russia, India, Japan, South Korea and many European countries.
Internet.
The Internet, established in 1995 in Mongolia, is not restricted by the government, but has yet to make a significant impact, with only 16% of the population having access to it as of 2012. In 2012 there were around 521,520 users and 20,084 Internet hosts. There has been steady online growth in online newspapers, magazines and advertising.
External links.
News agency
Newspapers in Mongolian
Newspapers in English
Television and radio
News Websites in Mongolian
News Websites in English

</doc>
<doc id="21437875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437875" title="Thomas Gascoigne">
Thomas Gascoigne

Thomas Gascoigne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21437909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437909" title="Roger Brown (defensive back)">
Roger Brown (defensive back)

Roger W. Brown, Jr. (born on December 16, 1966 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League. He graduated from and played football at the Cardinal Gibbons School. He attended college at Virginia Tech and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the eighth round of the 1990 NFL Draft. Brown played three seasons in the NFL, with the New York Giants in 1990 and 1991 and the New England Patriots in 1992. He won the Super Bowl with the Giants in 1991.
Personal.
Brown lives in Silver Spring, Maryland, is married and has 3 children. His father, Roger W. Brown, was a judge on the Circuit Court in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="21437935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437935" title="Timetoget">
Timetoget

Timetoget Bratsbergbanen AS, trading as Timetoget ("the Hourly Train"), is a defunct railway company that tried to start operating passenger trains on the Bratsberg Line in Norway. The concept was launched in 1998, and in 1999 an agreement was made with the incumbent, Norwegian State Railways (NSB), to start operation in 2000. The founders were Gjermund Jamtveit and Halvor Grene, while NSB owned a third of the company. The company bought three used Y1 railcars from Sweden.
NSB soon bought all the shares of the company, and also made an agreement that operations on the Arendal Line would be taken over by Timetoget. However, the new company tried to take a short-cut in giving engineers only a six-week training program, instead of the usual 18 months. This made NSB want to discontinue operations. They bought out the rest of the shareholders, and liquidated the company. Timetoget never ran anything but trials on the Bratsberg Line.
Establishment.
The company was owned by NSB (34%), two individuals from Notodden, Gjermund Jamtveit and Halvor Grene (51%), Telemark County Municipality and some municipalities (15%). The trains would operate with a one-hour headway, twenty-four hours a day. It was the first private company allowed to operate passenger trains since the amalgamation of operations into the Norwegian State Railways. The concept was based on Timekspressen, an hourly coach service between Notodden and Oslo, that was operated by the Jamtveit and Grene-owned Øst-Telemark Automobilselskap. The company bought three used Y1 diesel railcars from SJ of Sweden, despite that the Bratsberg Line is electrified. The trains cost NOK 6 million each, and have a capacity of 70 passengers.
Initial plans called for operations to commence on 1 January 2000, but this soon proved difficult. In November, NSB paid out the other major shareholders, and were left with an 89% ownership of the company. The company needed dispensation from the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority to allow temporary employments of engineers. When the company had announced the positions, only one engineer had applied for the twelve jobs. Instead an agreement was made with NSB to rent personnel, thus delaying the start until 3 September. But because the engineers needed to be recertified, the start was delayed again, to 5 November. In the end, Timetoget was forced to recruit and train new drivers. It received criticism for not having as extensive training as NSB, but the company stated that this would not affect safety. The labor union recommended its members not to apply for jobs with Timetoget, since they did not provide a pension agreement, collective bargaining or guarantees to return to NSB, should the concept fail.
In August, twelve engineers were hired on contract with Baneservice, at the time a subsidiary of the Norwegian National Rail Administration. The engineers were subsequently re-certified for the Y1 class, as well as being given a service course. While other engineers in the country are required to take an 18-month course, Timetoget felt it could meet sufficient safety standards with a six-week course. Arne Wam, chief executive officer of NSB, stated that he could not permit that a subsidiary ignore safety in such a way, and announced he would stop operations.
In August 2000, Timetoget offered Telemark County Municipality to take over the transport of school children between Drangedal Station and Nordagutu Station. In September, the company also started negotiations with NSB to take over services on the Arendal Line, but it was stated that this was not excepted by NSB.
Disestablishment.
The first trial with the Y1 railcars was performed on 1 August 2000. The one unit was not able to complete the route due to technical problems, but the other train was able to. Terje Bulling, the CEO of Timetoget, stated that he was aiming for 140,000 passengers in 2001, but was worried because NSB, due to lack of engineers, was driving passengers with by taxi between Notodden Station and Nordagutu. On 5 October, Vidar Østreng, vice president in NSB and chairman of Timetoget, announced that NSB, due to lack of engineers, would have to reduce the production of train services. He indicated that the least profitable routes, including the Bratsberg Line, would be closed. At the same time, NSB said one possibility could be that they sold their 89% stake in the company, thereby bypassing NSB's rules for engineer training. Five days later, the engineers in NSB stated that they would not operate trains between Larvik Station and Skien, and Kongsberg Station and Bø Station, if Timetoget was allowed to operate. These sections of the Vestfold Line and Sørlandet Line, respectively, are shared with the Bratsberg Line. The engineers considered lack of sufficient training such a safety risk that it would not be secure to operate on the lines. At the same time, NSB announced that they would stop operating trains on the Bratsberg Line from 20 October.
Timetoget started negotiations with the Swedish company BK Tåg to try to establish a cooperation that would allow Swedish engineers to be used. At the same time, the minority shareholders, who owned 11% of the company, demanded that they could take over NSB's shares without compensation, and that all debt to NSB be deleted. Arne Wam responded by stating that NSB wanted to liquidate the company. NSB therefore offered to purchase all shares in the company at par value, despite the company not having any net assets.
By 2 November, all owners, except the two environmental organizations the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature and Nature and Youth, had sold their shares to NSB. The two environmental organizations owned 7 of 40,000 shares of the company. At the general meeting the same day, the company was liquidated, even though the two organizations opposed. Prior to the meeting, the other minority owners had held a tactics meeting to discuss what to do. Several municipalities were concerned that they would lose even more money if they did not sell. The other minority owners agreed to cover the costs of the two environmental organizations, and let them make the principal stand to oppose the liquidation.
Aftermath.
By 14 November, the concept had been approved by the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate. Following the announcement, Wam stated that NSB would continue to operate the service, and use the Timetoget concept. An internal document the newspaper "Varden" received access to showed that NSB needed to calm down the heated discussions with the labor unions, and that their negativity to Timetoget was a tactical move to satisfy the labor unions. Minister of Transport, Terje Moe Gustavsen from the Labour Party, stated in a meeting with two parliamentarians from Telemark, that he would allow a new private company, without NSB ownership, to operate the line.
In January 2001, Connex Norway (now Veolia) offered to purchase Timetoget from NSB, and start operations. However, by February, Connex had changed their mind, and no longer wanted to purchase the company. Terje Bulling admitted that Timetoget had a very good agreement for operating the Arendal Line, and that a fourth Y1 railcar had been bought from Sweden for this route. However, when NSB had tried to sell Timetoget, this agreement was not part of the estate. By April, NSB estimated that they had lost NOK 10 million on their engagement in Timetoget. However, they had three Y1 trains, and would be able to start using them on the Bratsberg Line and the Arendal Line.

</doc>
<doc id="21437946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437946" title="Jerry Muckensturm">
Jerry Muckensturm

Jerry Ray Muckensturm (born October 13, 1953 in Belleville, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Chicago Bears.

</doc>
<doc id="21437954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437954" title="Lake Capital">
Lake Capital

Lake Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in lower middle market companies across a range of service businesses. Lake focuses on marketing, finance, operation and infrastructure, specialty services, healthcare, specialty consumer services, technology, and business process outsourcing.
In addition to traditional leveraged buyout transactions, Lake focuses on investing in rollup investments around a platform company.
The firm, which is based in Chicago, Illinois, was founded in 1998 by Terence Graunke and Paul Yovovich. The firm has raised approximately $1.3 billion since inception across its two funds. Prior to raising its 2002 debut fund with $500 million of commitments, Lake raised capital on a deal-by-deal basis. In 2005, Lake raised its second fund, with $800 million of investor commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="21437964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437964" title="Abensberg-Traun">
Abensberg-Traun

The family Abensberg und Traun (the present spelling is mostly Abensperg-Traun), originally from the Upper Austrian Traungau, is an Austrian noble family and belongs to the oldest still existing aristocratic families in middle Europe. They are counted to the so-called “Apostel Houses”, meaning the very few families who already played a historical role at the time of the House of Babenberg (976 to 1246).
The County of Abensperg und Traun (or Abensperg-Traun) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, formed by the family in 1653. Geographically, the state included modern-day Abensberg/Bavaria and the Austrian areas Traun, Petronell, Maissau, Rappottenstein, Wolkersdorf, Groß-Schweinbarth, Bockfließ and Bisamberg. To this day, the Abensperg und Trauns own large estates in these areas, as well as a number of castles and fortresses.
In 1668, the Count of Abensperg-Traun also held the Lordship of Eglofs, which was later sold to the Windisch-Graetz in 1804.
A notable Lord of Abensperg-Traun was Otto Ferdinand von Abensperg und Traun (1677-1748).

</doc>
<doc id="21437974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437974" title="Diphallia">
Diphallia

Diphallia, penile duplication (PD), diphallic terata, or diphallasparatus, is a rare medical condition in which a male infant is born with two penes. The first reported case was by Johannes Jacob Wecker in 1609. Its occurrence is 1 in 5.5 million men in the United States.
When diphallia is present, it is usually accompanied by renal, vertebral, hindgut, anorectal or other congenital anomalies. There is also a higher risk of spina bifida. Infants born with PD and its related conditions have a higher death rate from various infections associated with their more complex renal or colorectal systems.
It is thought diphallia occurs in the fetus between the 23rd and 25th days of gestation when an injury, chemical stress, or malfunctioning homeobox genes hamper proper function of the caudal cell mass of the fetal mesoderm as the urogenital sinus separates from the genital tubercle and rectum to form the penis.

</doc>
<doc id="21437987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21437987" title="Carl Cunningham">
Carl Cunningham

Carl Madison Cunningham (born July 23, 1944 in Houston, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Denver Broncos and New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="21438003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438003" title="Bouba/kiki effect">
Bouba/kiki effect

The bouba/kiki effect is a non-arbitrary mapping between speech sounds and the visual shape of objects. This effect was first observed by German-American psychologist Wolfgang Köhler in 1929. In psychological experiments, first conducted on the island of Tenerife (in which the primary language is Spanish), Köhler showed forms similar to those shown at the right and asked participants which shape was called "takete" and which was called "baluba" ("maluma" in the 1947 version). Although not explicitly stated, Köhler implies that there was a strong preference to pair the jagged shape with "takete" and the rounded shape with "baluba". 
In 2001, Vilayanur S. Ramachandran and Edward Hubbard repeated Köhler's experiment using the words "kiki" and "bouba" and asked American college undergraduates and Tamil speakers in India "Which of these shapes is bouba and which is kiki?" In both groups, 95% to 98% selected the curvy shape as "bouba" and the jagged one as "kiki", suggesting that the human brain somehow attaches abstract meanings to the shapes and sounds in a consistent way. Recent work by Daphne Maurer and colleagues shows that even children as young as 2.5 (too young to read) may show this effect as well. 
Ramachandran and Hubbard suggest that the kiki/bouba effect has implications for the evolution of language, because it suggests that the naming of objects is not completely arbitrary. The rounded shape may most commonly be named "bouba" because the mouth makes a more rounded shape to produce that sound while a more taut, angular mouth shape is needed to make the sound "kiki". The sounds of a K are harder and more forceful than those of a B, as well. The presence of these "synesthesia-like mappings" suggest that this effect might be the neurological basis for sound symbolism, in which sounds are non-arbitrarily mapped to objects and events in the world.
More recently research indicated that the effect may be a case of ideasthesia.
Individuals who have autism do not show as strong a preference. Where typically developing individuals agree with the standard result 88% of the time, individuals with autism agree only 56% of the time.

</doc>
<doc id="21438015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438015" title="1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

1988 Buenos Aires Grand Prix may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438019" title="Michael Adie">
Michael Adie

Michael Edgar Adie (born 22 November 1929) was Bishop of Guildford from 1983 until his retirement in 1994.
Adie was educated at Westminster School and St John's College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1955 and after a curacy at St Luke, Pallion, Sunderland he became Resident Chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury. After that he was Vicar of St Mark, Sheffield, Rural Dean of Hallam, and Archdeacon of Lincoln before being elevated to the Episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="21438020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438020" title="Lord Asquith">
Lord Asquith

Lord Asquith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438021" title="Menow">
Menow

Menow (1935–1964) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won several important races in 1937, when he was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse.
Background.
Bred and raced by Hal Price Headley, Menow was foaled on May 19, late in the year for a Thoroughbred racehorse. His dam was Headley's Alcibiades, who was the U.S. Champion two-year-old filly of 1929 and the Champion three-year-old filly of 1930.
Menow's English-born sire, Pharamond, was owned and raced by Lord Derby, who sold him in 1928 to an American syndicate led by Hal Price Headley. He was registered in the United States as Pharamond II. Headley brought him to stand at stud at his Beaumont Farm in Lexington Kentucky. He was trained by Hal Price Headley's nephew, Duval.
Racing career.
As a two-year-old, Menow won the 1937 Champagne Stakes in September, although most attention was given to the fatal injury sustained by the favorite Skylarking. In October, Menow set a world record for six-and-one-half furlongs on a straight dirt course in winning the Belmont Futurity Stakes by four lengths. His 1937 performances earned him American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse honors.
In 1938, Menow finished third in the Kentucky Derby to Lawrin and third to Dauber in the Preakness Stakes. His handlers then skipped the much longer Belmont Stakes. In July, Menow won the mile-and-an-eighth Massachusetts Handicap by nine lengths, defeating 1937 Triple Crown champion War Admiral. His other wins included the one mile Withers Stakes at New York's Aqueduct Racetrack and the mile-and-a-sixteenth Potomac Handicap at Havre de Grace Racetrack in Havre de Grace, Maryland. Menow ended his career having bowed in both forelegs while finishing third to Seabiscuit in the Havre de Grace Handicap.
Stud record.
Retired to stand at stud for the 1939 season at his owner's Beaumont Farm in Kentucky, Menow proved a successful sire, getting thirty-two stakes winners including:
Menow was also the damsire of High Voltage, the 1954 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly.
Menow died at age twenty-nine in 1964 and is buried at Mill Ridge Farm in Lexington. Built on a parcel from Beaumont Farm, Mill Ridge is owned by Hal Price Headley's daughter Alice Headley Chandler and her husband, John.

</doc>
<doc id="21438026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438026" title="2005 OFC U-20 Championship">
2005 OFC U-20 Championship

The 2005 OFC U-20 Championship was the fifteenth contested. It was won by Australia who qualified for the 2005 FIFA U-20 World Cup after a 3–0 victory against the Solomon Islands played at Lawson Tama Stadium in Honiara, Solomon Islands. The final game was abandoned in the 77th minute due to crowd trouble, however the score was allowed to stand.
Matches.
Group stage.
Group A.
Australia and Vanuatu progressed to the semi-finals.
New Caledonia and Tonga were eliminated.
Group B.
The Solomon Islands and Fiji progressed to the semi-finals.
New Zealand and Samoa were eliminated.
Knockout Phase.
Final.
"Australia qualified for the 2005 FIFA U-20 World Cup"
Goalscorers.
"This list is not complete, as there are several missing match reports."
See also.
2005 FIFA World Youth Championship

</doc>
<doc id="21438030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438030" title="Fred Forsberg (American football)">
Fred Forsberg (American football)

Frederick Carl Forsberg (born July 4, 1944 in Tacoma, Washington) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for six seasons for the Denver Broncos (#52), the Buffalo Bills, and the San Diego Chargers.

</doc>
<doc id="21438065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438065" title="Pedasí">
Pedasí

Pedasí may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438072" title="Joe Mott">
Joe Mott

Joe Mott (born October 5, 1965 in Endicott, New York) is a former professional American football player. He played three seasons as linebacker for the New York Jets and the Green Bay Packers. He stands at 6'4" and weighs 245 pounds. He attended Union High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21438092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438092" title="Black Hole of Calcutta">
Black Hole of Calcutta

The Black Hole of Calcutta was a small dungeon in the old Fort William in Calcutta, India, where troops of the Nawab of Bengal, Siraj ud-Daulah, held British prisoners of war after the capture of the fort on 20 June 1756. 
One of the prisoners, John Zephaniah Holwell, claimed that following the fall of the fort, British and Anglo-Indian soldiers and civilians were held overnight in conditions so cramped that many died from suffocation, heat exhaustion and crushing. He claimed that 123 prisoners died out of 146 held. However, the precise number of deaths, and the accuracy of Holwell's claims, have been the subject of controversy.
Background.
Fort William was established to protect the East India Company's trade in the city of Calcutta, the principal town of the Bengal Presidency. In 1756, with the possibility of conflict with French forces, the Brence in the internal affairs of his province and perceived a threat to its independence. He ordered an immediate stop to the Fort's military enhancement, but the Company paid no heed. As a consequence, Siraj organized his army and laid siege to the fort. The garrison's commander organised an escape, leaving behind 146 soldiers under the command of John Zephaniah Holwell, a senior East India Company bureaucrat who had been a military surgeon. However, desertions by allied troops made even this temporary defence ineffectual, and the fort fell on 20 June. The surviving defenders, who numbered between 64 and 69, were captured along with an unknown number of Anglo-Indian soldiers and civilians who had been sheltering in the fort. During this period some prisoners were able to escape through the gates of the fort before the guards were fully alert to the change in numbers.
The Holwell account.
Holwell wrote about the events after the fall of the fort. He met with Siraj, who assured him ""on the word of a soldier" , that no harm should come to us". After seeking a place in the fort to confine the 146 prisoners (including Holwell), at , the jailers locked the prisoners in the fort's prison ("the black hole" was 18th century military slang for any military prison - similar to "the glasshouse" in the 20th century British Army or "the brig" in the US Navy), which was in size. When the "Black Hole" was opened the next morning at , only 23 people were alive. Stanley Wolpert argues that only 64 people were imprisoned and 21 survived. D.L. Prior argues that 43 members of the garrison were dead or missing for reasons other than suffocation and shock, while Busteed argues that, because so many non-combatants were present in the fort when it fell, the number who died cannot be stated with any precision. Regarding responsibility, Holwell believed that it "was the result of revenge and resentment in the breasts of the lower Jemmaatdaars , to whose custody we were delivered, for the number of their order killed during the siege." Wolpert concurs and argues that Siraj did not order it and was not informed about it.
The following description from a 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica portrays Holwell's point of view vividly:
After the prison was opened, the corpses were thrown into a ditch. Holwell and three others were sent as prisoners to Murshidabad; the rest of the survivors obtained their liberty after the victory of a relief expedition under Robert Clive.
Victims.
This is Holwell's actual list of the victims:
"List of the smothered in the Black Hole prison exclusive of sixty-nine, consisting of Dutch and British sergeants, corporals, soldiers, topazes, militia, whites, and Portuguese, (whose names I am unacquainted with), making on the whole one hundred and twenty-three persons."
Aftermath.
As a result of Holwell's account, Robert Clive was sent in October to retaliate. With his troops and local allies, he defeated Siraj at the Battle of Plassey. Siraj was overthrown and killed. The Black Hole was later used as a warehouse. An obelisk, 50 feet (15 m) high, was erected in memory of the dead. This now rest in a graveyard in memory of the (unidentifed number) who died that night
Controversy.
Holwell claims that one hundred and twenty-three died of one hundred and forty-six held. While his account was not questioned in Britain at the time, other contemporary accounts claimed a larger number and differed on other details such as the room size and whether there was a window. In 1915, British scholar J.H. Little challenged Holwell's claims in his article, "The 'Black Hole' — The Question of Holwell's Veracity", arguing that Holwell was an unreliable witness and his veracity is questionable. Little went so far as to label Holwell's version "a gigantic hoax". Other historians, including Indian scholar Brijen Gupta, disagreed with Little's strong rejection, but nevertheless suggest that Holwell's account was exaggerated.
The following arguments have been listed against Holwell's account:
The true number of deaths will probably never be definitively established. No list was made of the British soldiers surrendering at the fort, not even a count of heads. Many escaped between the surrender and the alleged confinement in the 'Black Hole'. Even Holwell was offered by a friend the chance to escape. Therefore, the number of deaths in the 'Black Hole' could have been considerably fewer.
Historian Simon Schama suggested on his 'A History of Britain' programme, which aired in September 2000, that Holwell exaggerated the exact number of people by about 3 times its actual amount but did not dispute that the event actually took place. However, Dr. Schama did not provide any new evidence or theory as to why he believes Calcutta Black Hole story is true.
The monument.
Holwell had erected a tablet on the site of the 'Black Hole' to commemorate the victims but, at some point before 1822 (the precise date is uncertain), it disappeared. Lord Curzon, on becoming Viceroy in 1899, noticed that there was nothing to mark the spot and commissioned a new monument, mentioning the prior existence of Holwell's; it was erected in 1901 at the corner of Dalhousie Square, which is said to be the site of the 'Black Hole'. At the apex of the Indian independence movement, the presence of this monument in Calcutta was turned into a nationalist "cause celebre". Nationalist leaders like Subhas Chandra Bose lobbied energetically for its removal. The Congress and the Muslim League joined forces in the anti-monument movement. As a result, Abdul Wasek Mia of Nawabganj thana (now in Bangladesh), a student leader of that time led the removal of the monument from Dalhousie Square in July 1940. The monument was re-erected in the graveyard of St John's Church, where it remains to this day.
The 'Black Hole' itself, being merely the guardroom in the old Fort William, disappeared shortly after the incident when the fort itself was taken down to be replaced by the new Fort William which still stands today in the Maidan to the south of B. B. D. Bagh (formerly known as Dalhousie Square). The precise location of that guardroom is in an alleyway between the General Post Office and the adjacent building to the north, in the north west corner of B.B.D. Bagh. The memorial tablet which was once on the wall of that building beside the GPO can now be found in the nearby postal museum.
In literature.
Thomas Pynchon references the Black Hole of Calcutta throughout his historical novel, "Mason & Dixon". In the novel, Charles Mason spends an extended period on St. Helena with astronomer Nevil Maskelyne, the brother-in-law of Lord Robert Clive of India. Various themes of colonialism and racism are discussed in relation to the event. Late in the novel, Jeremiah Dixon visits 18th century New York City and attends a secret "Broad-Way" production of the "musical drama", "The Black Hole of Calcutta, or, the Peevish Wazir", "executed with such a fine respect for detail..." Here, Pynchon likely also satirically references the long-running actual musical revue, "Oh! Calcutta!" that played on Broadway for over 7000 performances. Edgar Allen Poe makes reference to the "stifling" of the prisoners in his introduction to "The Premature Burial."
In astronomy.
According to Hong-Yee Chiu, a long-time astrophysicist at NASA, the Black Hole of Calcutta was the inspiration for the term "black hole" referring to regions of space-time resulting from the gravitational collapse of very heavy stars. He recalled hearing physicist Robert Dicke in the early 1960s compare such gravitationally collapsed objects to the infamous prison.

</doc>
<doc id="21438093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438093" title="John Dorsey (American football)">
John Dorsey (American football)

John Michael Dorsey (born August 30, 1960) is an American football executive and General Manager of the Kansas City Chiefs. He is a former National Football League player for the Green Bay Packers, and later served, for two decades, in the Packers' Scouting Department, including Director of College Scouting from 2000-2012. Dorsey also served as the Seattle Seahawks Director of Player Personnel in 1999, between two stints in Green Bay's Front Office.
College career.
Dorsey was a four-year starter at linebacker for the University of Connecticut Huskies, being twice named Yankee Conference Defensive Player of the Year as well as an NCAA Division I-AA All-American honors.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
John Dorsey was a 4th round pick by the Green Bay Packers in the 1984 NFL Draft. He played five seasons for Green Bay at linebacker and on special teams. His thirty-five special teams tackles for the Packers in 1984 is still a team record. Dorsey spent the 1989 season on the injured reserve list after suffering a knee injury during pre-game warmups of the Packers regular season opener, effectively ending his playing days. Dorsey totaled 130 tackles and two fumble recoveries during his five-year career.
Scouting and management.
After his playing career ended, Dorsey chose to remain in football, taking a job as a college scout for the Packers in May 1991. He was later promoted to Director of College Scouting for the team in February 1997. In January of 1999, Dorsey followed former Packers coach Mike Holmgren to the Seattle Seahawks, assuming the role of the team's Director of Player Personnel. After just over a year in the Pacific Northwest, Dorsey resigned and returned to the Packers, taking over again as Director of College Scouting. He remained in that position through 2011, and winning a Super Bowl ring, when he was named Director of Football Operations for Green Bay. Dorsey is credited with making the Packers one of the best drafting teams in the NFL, helping choose star players like Aaron Rodgers, Clay Matthews and Greg Jennings.
Kansas City Chiefs.
On January 13, 2013, news broke that Dorsey had agreed to become the new general manager of the Kansas City Chiefs. The move reunited Dorsey with new Chiefs head coach Andy Reid. The pair served on the Green Bay Packers coaching staff together from 1992 to 1997. It had previously been announced that Reid would have the final say in football matters when he came over from Philadelphia, but the Chiefs have since announced that Dorsey will have the same authority over personnel as other NFL general managers.
Personal life.
Dorsey earned a Bachelor's degree in Political Science and Economics from the University of Connecticut. He and wife Patricia are the parents of three sons and a daughter. Patricia Sexton-Dorsey already had ties to the Kansas City area prior to her husband's hiring as the Chiefs General Manager. An attorney and partner in a large Kansas City-based law firm (previously) working from her Wisconsin home, she is a native of Abilene, Kansas and attended both the University of Kansas and Washburn University in Topeka, earning her law degree from the latter. The couple first met in Kansas City while Dorsey was on a scouting trip for the Packers. After several years of dating they were married in 2005. As hobbies, Dorsey has competed in multiple marathon races in addition to being an avid water skier.

</doc>
<doc id="21438094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438094" title="Dama">
Dama

Dama or DAMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438101" title="Tony Schmidt (footballer)">
Tony Schmidt (footballer)

Tony Schmidt (born July 20, 1988 in Dresden) is a German footballer who plays for Hallescher FC.
Career.
He played for Dynamo Dresden from 2008 to 2010, where he made his debut in the 3. Liga against Kickers Emden on February 7, 2009 as a substitute for Sascha Pfeffer.

</doc>
<doc id="21438102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438102" title="79th Street Station">
79th Street Station

79th Street Station can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438108" title="Peter C. Brinckerhoff">
Peter C. Brinckerhoff

Peter C. Brinckerhoff is an expert on nonprofit management, award-winning author, trainer and consultant. Throughout his career he has promoted the concept that a not-for-profit organization is a mission-based business, in the business of doing its mission.
Background.
After a two year stint as a VISTA volunteer, followed by graduate school, Brinckerhoff served as a staff member and Executive Director of the West Central Illinois Health Systems Agency. In 1982, he formed Corporate Alternatives, Inc., the first consulting and training company in the United States dedicated exclusively to the management concerns of 501(c)(3) organizations. His work as a consultant, trainer and author on nonprofit issues has reached thousands of nonprofits throughout the world. From 1979 to the present, Brinckerhoff has served on boards of directors of many local, state, national and international nonprofits.
Work.
Brinckerhoff is most widely known for his work as award-winning author, with seven books and two workbooks in print, and over 60 articles published in the not-for-profit press. Three of his books, "Mission-Based Management" (1994), "Financial Empowerment" (1996) and "Generations, The Challenge of a Lifetime for Your Nonprofit" (2007), have been awarded the Terry McAdam Award from the Alliance for Nonprofit Management. The award is given for "The Best New Nonprofit Book" each year. He is the only author to win the award multiple times. Brinckerhoff's books are used as texts in courses at undergraduate and graduate nonprofit management programs in over 100 colleges and universities worldwide.
Brinckerhoff is also a speaker and lecturer, presenting his ideas on how to make not-for-profits more mission-effective to audiences throughout North America, Europe and Asia each year. He publishes the Mission-Based Management Newsletter online monthly, and maintains the Mission-Based Management blog.
From 2003-2007, Brinckerhoff served as Adjunct Professor of Nonprofit Management at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. He taught the core graduate course in the Nonprofit Management program at Kellogg. In addition, Brinckerhoff has guest lectured at the graduate level at Boston University, University of Colorado, University of Illinois, and Vanderbilt University.
Personal.
Brinckerhoff received his Bachelor's Degree from the University of Pennsylvania, and his Master's Degree in Public Health Administration from Tulane University. Raised in Connecticut, Brinckerhoff and his family lived in Springfield, Illinois from 1977-2007. He and his wife now call Union Hall, Virginia home.

</doc>
<doc id="21438122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438122" title="Chip Myrtle">
Chip Myrtle

Charles Joseph Myrtle III (born February 6, 1945 in Hyattsville, Maryland) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Denver Broncos and the San Diego Chargers. His final season of pro football came in 1975 as a member of the Jacksonville Express of the World Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="21438130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438130" title="Hans Kristian Seip">
Hans Kristian Seip

Hans Kristian Seip (6 November 1881 - 25 March 1945) was a Norwegian road engineer and politician for the Liberal Party. He spent most of his professional career in the Norwegian Public Roads Administration. As a politician he was Mayor of Bergen and County Governor of Sogn og Fjordane, and served two terms in the Norwegian Parliament. He is also known as the father of political scientist Jens Arup Seip.
Personal life.
He was born in Røyken as the son of priest Jens Laurits Arup Seip (1852–1913) and Marie Fredrikke Aubert (1853–1931), He was the brother of academic Didrik Arup Seip, nephew of educator and politician Karl Seip, and great-grandson of military officer and politician Andreas Martin Seip.
Hans Kristian was the father of political scientist Jens Arup Seip and thus father-in-law of historian Anne-Lise Seip. He was also the uncle of forester Hans Kristian Seip.
Career.
Hans Kristian Seip graduated from the technical school in Kristiania in 1900, and after working for the Norwegian Public Roads Administration for two years he studied one year at Zürich Polytechnikum. He then returned to Norway to work for the Norwegian Public Roads Administration in Møre from 1903 to 1909, Hordaland from 1909 to 1915 and as engineer in Bergen from 1915 to 1921. From 1921 to 1929 he was the director of roads in Bergen county.
Seip was elected to Bergen city council in 1913. He was re-elected several times, and served until 1928; from 1922 to 1924 he served as mayor. He represented the small Prohibition Party. He was also a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the terms 1925-1927 and 1928–1930, but represented the Liberal Party on the national level.
On 2 November 1929 Seip was appointed County Governor of Sogn og Fjordane. While stationed here he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament twice; in 1934 and 1937. The scheduled election in 1940, however, was not held due to the German invasion of Norway in April 1940 and subsequent occupation. In 1941 Seip was removed from the position as County Governor. He retired to Fjærland, and worked on the history of Sogn og Fjordane County Municipality. He died in March 1945, a month and a half before the liberation of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="21438149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438149" title="Burnell Dent">
Burnell Dent

Burnell Joseph Dent (born March 16, 1963 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played for the Green Bay Packers (1986–1992) and the New York Giants (1993). Burnell Dent has played 70 games in his career, with a total of 4.5 sacks.
Dent played collegiately at Tulane University and attended Destrehan High School. 

</doc>
<doc id="21438173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438173" title="Penrith and Cockermouth by-election, 1921">
Penrith and Cockermouth by-election, 1921

The Penrith and Cockermouth by-election, 1921 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Penrith and Cockermouth in Cumberland on 13 May 1921.
Vacancy.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the sitting Coalition Conservative Member of Parliament, the Right Hon. James Lowther. Lowther was retiring as Speaker of the House of Commons and was created Viscount Ullswater later in 1921. 
Candidates.
The election was straight fight between Major-General Cecil Lowther, the brother of the retiring MP, soldier and former big game hunter for the Unionists and Levi Collison, an art printer from Preston in Lancashire for the Asquithian Independent Liberal Party.
Issues.
Liberals.
For the Liberals, the by-election was an opportunity to attack the record of the Coalition government of David Lloyd George. They particularly tried to highlight the waste and inefficiency of the government with the local farming community. They were however hampered by years of political inactivity and poor organisation in the constituency. It was reported that Collison, despite his principal trade of art printer, had considerable experience of farming, advocated an advanced agricultural policy and that many local farmers regarded him as a real friend. Collison also favoured some degree of nationalisation in the mining industry, which was less popular, even against the background of coal strikes which had made supplies in the area scarce.
Government.
Lowther strongly attacked all forms of socialism and schemes of nationalisation, raising the spectre of land nationalisation if the electorate deserted the coalition. He also hoped to gain votes through his family association with the previous MP who had held the seat since 1886 and with Speaker Lowther’s son, Christopher who was Coalition Tory MP in nearby North Cumberland. 
The result.
The by-election resulted in a narrow win for the Coalition candidate, a majority of just 31 votes out of 15,325 cast. Perhaps a candidate less closely connected to Speaker Lowther would not have been able to hold the seat. Lowther commented that the result of the election showed the public did not favour nationalisation and did not wish to Ireland given complete independence. Collison’s attacks on government extravagance were seen as the reason he came so near to gaining the seat. Lowther and Collison faced each other again in the 1922 general election with Collison successful on that occasion by 378 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="21438191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438191" title="Clayton Weishuhn">
Clayton Weishuhn

Clayton Charles Weishuhn (born October 7, 1959 in San Angelo, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the New England Patriots and the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21438200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438200" title="Synesthesia">
Synesthesia

Synesthesia (also spelled synæsthesia or synaesthesia, from the ancient Greek "together", and [aisthēsis, "sensation") is a neurological phenomenon in which stimulation of one sensory or cognitive pathway leads to automatic, involuntary experiences in a second sensory or cognitive pathway. People who report such experiences are known as synesthetes.
Difficulties have been recognized in adequately defining synesthesia: many different phenomena have been included in the term synesthesia ("union of the senses"), and in many cases the terminology seems to be inaccurate. A more accurate term may be ideasthesia.
In one common form of synesthesia, known as grapheme → color synesthesia or color-graphemic synesthesia, letters or numbers are perceived as inherently colored. In spatial-sequence, or number form synesthesia, numbers, months of the year, and/or days of the week elicit precise locations in space (for example, 1980 may be "farther away" than 1990), or may appear as a three-dimensional map (clockwise or counterclockwise).
Only a fraction of types of synesthesia have been evaluated by scientific research. Awareness of synesthetic perceptions varies from person to person.
Although synesthesia was the topic of intensive scientific investigation in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, it was largely abandoned by scientific research in the mid-20th century. Psychological research has demonstrated that synesthetic experiences can have measurable behavioral consequences, and functional neuroimaging studies have identified differences in patterns of brain activation. Many find that synesthesia aids the creative process. Psychologists and neuroscientists study synesthesia not only for its inherent appeal, but also for the insights it may give into cognitive and perceptual processes that occur in synesthetes and non-synesthetes alike.
Characteristics.
Some synesthetes often report that they were unaware their experiences were unusual until they realized other people did not have them, while others report feeling as if they had been keeping a secret their entire lives. The automatic and ineffable nature of a synesthetic experience means that the pairing may not seem out of the ordinary. This involuntary and consistent nature helps define synesthesia as a real experience. Most synesthetes report that their experiences are pleasant or neutral, although, in rare cases, synesthetes report that their experiences can lead to a degree of sensory overload.
Though often stereotyped in the popular media as a medical condition or neurological aberration, many synesthetes themselves do not perceive their synesthetic experiences as a handicap. To the contrary, most report it as a gift—an additional "hidden" sense—something they would not want to miss. Most synesthetes become aware of their distinctive mode of perception in their childhood. Some have learned how to apply their ability in daily life and work. Synesthetes have used their abilities in memorization of names and telephone numbers, mental arithmetic, and more complex creative activities like producing visual art, music, and theater.
Despite the commonalities which permit definition of the broad phenomenon of synesthesia, individual experiences vary in numerous ways. This variability was first noticed early in synesthesia research. Some synesthetes report that vowels are more strongly colored, while for others consonants are more strongly colored. Self reports, interviews, and autobiographical notes by synesthetes demonstrate a great degree of variety in types of synesthesia, intensity of synesthetic perceptions, awareness of the perceptual discrepancies between synesthetes and non-synesthetes, and the ways synesthesia is used in work, creative processes, and daily life.
Synesthetes are very likely to participate in creative activities. It has been suggested that individual development of perceptual and cognitive skills, in addition to one's cultural environment, produces the variety in awareness and practical use of synesthetic phenomena
Forms.
Synesthesia can occur between nearly any two senses or perceptual modes, and at least one synesthete, Solomon Shereshevsky, experienced synesthesia that linked all five senses. Types of synesthesia are indicated by using the notation x → y, where x is the "inducer" or trigger experience, and y is the "concurrent" or additional experience. For example, perceiving letters and numbers (collectively called graphemes) as colored would be indicated as grapheme → color synesthesia. Similarly, when synesthetes see colors and movement as a result of hearing musical tones, it would be indicated as tone → (color, movement) synesthesia.
While nearly every logically possible combination of experiences can occur, several types are more common than others.
Grapheme-color synesthesia.
As a child, Pat Duffy told her father, "I realized that to make an R all I had to do was first write a P and draw a line down from its loop. And I was so surprised that I could turn a yellow letter into an orange letter just by adding a line." Another grapheme synesthete says, "When I read, about five words around the exact one I'm reading are in color. It's also the only way I can spell. In elementary school I remember knowing how to spell the word 'priority' an "i" rather than an "e" because ... an 'e' was out of place in that word because 'e's were yellow and didn't fit."
Chromesthesia.
Another common form of synesthesia is the association of sounds with colors. For some, everyday sounds such as doors opening, cars honking, or people talking can trigger seeing colors. For others, colors are triggered when musical notes and/or keys are being played. People with synesthesia related to music may also have perfect pitch because their ability to see/hear colors aids them in identifying notes or keys.
The colors triggered by certain sounds, and any other synesthetic visual experiences, are referred to as "photisms".
According to Richard Cytowic, sound → color synesthesia, or chromesthesia is "something like fireworks": voice, music, and assorted environmental sounds such as clattering dishes or dog barks trigger color and firework shapes that arise, move around, and then fade when the sound ends. Sound often changes the perceived hue, brightness, scintillation, and directional movement. Some individuals see music on a "screen" in front of their faces. For Deni Simon, music produces waving lines "like oscilloscope configurations – lines moving in color, often metallic with height, width and, most importantly, depth. My favorite music has lines that extend horizontally beyond the 'screen' area."
Individuals rarely agree on what color a given sound is. B flat might be orange for one person and blue for another. Composers Liszt and Rimsky-Korsakov famously disagreed on the colors of music keys.
Spatial sequence synesthesia.
Those with spatial sequence synesthesia (SSS) tend to see numerical sequences as points in space. For instance, the number 1 might be farther away and the number 2 might be closer. People with SSS may have superior memories; in one study, they were able to recall past events and memories far better and in far greater detail than those without the condition. They also see months or dates in the space around them. Some people see time like a clock above and around them.
Number form.
A number form is a mental map of numbers that automatically and involuntarily appears whenever someone who experiences number forms thinks of numbers. Number forms were first documented and named by Francis Galton in "The Visions of Sane Persons".
Auditory-tactile synesthesia.
In auditory → tactile synesthesia, certain sounds can induce sensations in parts of the body. Auditory → tactile synesthesia may originate from birth or be acquired sometime later in life. It is one of the rarest forms of synesthesia.
Misophonia.
Misophonia is a neurological disorder in which negative experiences (anger, flight, hatred, disgust) are triggered by specific sounds. Richard Cytowic suggests that misophonia is related to, or perhaps a variety of, synesthesia. Miren Edelstein and her colleagues have compared misophonia to synesthesia in terms of connectivity between different brain regions as well as specific symptoms. They formed the hypothesis that "a pathological distortion of connections between the auditory cortex and limbic structures could cause a form of sound-emotion synesthesia"
Mirror-touch synesthesia.
This is a rare form of synesthesia where individuals literally feel the same sensation that another person feels (such as touch). For instance, when such a synesthete observes someone being tapped on their shoulder, they synesthete involuntarily feels a tap on their own shoulder as well. People with this type of synesthesia have been shown to have higher empathy levels compared to the general population. This may be related to the so-called mirror neurons present in the motor areas of the brain, which have also been linked to empathy.
Lexical-gustatory synesthesia.
This is another rare form of synesthesia where certain tastes are experienced when hearing words. For example, the word basketball might taste like waffles. It is estimated that 0.2% of the population has this form of synesthesia.
Diagnostic criteria.
Although often termed a "neurological condition," synesthesia is not listed in either the DSM-IV or the ICD since it most often does not interfere with normal daily functioning. Indeed, most synesthetes report that their experiences are neutral or even pleasant. Like perfect pitch, synesthesia is simply a difference in perceptual experience.
The simplest approach is test-retest reliability over long periods of time, using stimuli of color names, color chips, or a computer-screen color picker providing 16.7 million choices. Synesthetes consistently score around 90% on reliability of associations, even with years between tests. In contrast, non-synesthetes score just 30–40%, even with only a few weeks between tests and a warning that they would be retested.
Grapheme-color synesthetes, as a group, share significant preferences for the color of each letter (e.g. A tends to be red; O tends to be white or black; S tends to be yellow etc.) Nonetheless, there is a great variety in types of synesthesia, and within each type, individuals report differing triggers for their sensations and differing intensities of experiences. This variety means that defining synesthesia in an individual is difficult, and the majority of synesthetes are completely unaware that their experiences have a name.
Neurologist Richard Cytowic identifies the following diagnostic criteria for synesthesia in his "first" edition book. However, the criteria are different in the second book:
Cytowic's early cases mainly included individuals whose synesthesia was frankly projected outside the body (e.g. on a "screen" in front of one's face). Later research showed that such stark externalization occurs in a minority of synesthetes. Refining this concept, Cytowic and Eagleman differentiated between "localizers" and "non-localizers" to distinguish those synesthetes whose perceptions have a definite sense of spatial quality from those whose perceptions do not.
Mechanism.
Dedicated regions of the brain are specialized for given functions. Increased cross-talk between regions specialized for different functions may account for the many types of synesthesia. For example, the additive experience of seeing color when looking at graphemes might be due to cross-activation of the grapheme-recognition area and the color area called V4 (see figure). This is supported by the fact that grapheme-color synesthetes are able to identify the color of a grapheme in their peripheral vision even when they cannot consciously identify the shape of the grapheme.
An alternate possibility is disinhibited feedback, or a reduction in the amount of inhibition along normally existing feedback pathways. Normally, excitation and inhibition are balanced. However, if normal feedback were not inhibited as usual, then signals feeding back from late stages of multi-sensory processing might influence earlier stages such that tones could activate vision. Cytowic and Eagleman find support for the disinhibition idea in the so-called acquired forms of synesthesia that occur in non-synesthetes under certain conditions: temporal lobe epilepsy, head trauma, stroke, and brain tumors. They also note that it can likewise occur during stages of meditation, deep concentration, sensory deprivation, or with use of psychedelics such as LSD or mescaline, and even, in some cases, marijuana. However, synesthetes report that common stimulants, like caffeine and cigarettes do not affect the strength of their synesthesia, nor does alcohol.
Epidemiology.
Depending on the study, researchers have suggested 1 in 2,000 people have some form of synesthesia, while others have reported 1 in 300 or even as many as 1 in 23. One problem with statistics is that some individuals will not self-classify as they do not realize that their perceptions are different from those of everyone else.
Grapheme-color, chromesthesia, or anything color-related, appear to be the most common forms of synesthesia. Some of the rarest are reported to be auditory-tactile, mirror-touch, and lexical-gustatory.
History.
The interest in colored hearing dates back to Greek antiquity, when philosophers asked if the color ("chroia", what we now call timbre) of music was a quantifiable quality. Isaac Newton proposed that musical tones and color tones shared common frequencies, as did Goethe in his book, "Theory of Color." There is a long history of building color organs such as the clavier à lumières on which to perform colored music in concert halls.
The first medical description of "colored hearing" is in an 1812 German thesis by the "father of psychophysics," Gustav Fechner. Fechner reported the first empirical survey of colored letter photisms among 73 synesthetes in 1876, followed in the 1880s by Francis Galton. Research into synesthesia proceeded briskly in several countries, but due to the difficulties in measuring subjective experiences and the rise of behaviorism, which made the study of "any" subjective experience taboo, synesthesia faded into scientific oblivion between 1930 and 1980.
As the 1980s cognitive revolution made inquiry into internal subjective states respectable again, scientists returned to synesthesia. Led in the United States by Larry Marks and Richard Cytowic, and later in England by Simon Baron-Cohen and Jeffrey Gray, researchers explored the reality, consistency, and frequency of synesthetic experiences. In the late 1990s, the focus settled on grapheme → color synesthesia, one of the most common and easily studied types. Synesthesia is now the topic of scientific books and papers, Ph.D. theses, documentary films, and even novels.
Since the rise of the Internet in the 1990s, synesthetes began contacting one another and creating web sites devoted to the condition. These early grew into international organizations such as the American Synesthesia Association, the UK Synaesthesia Association, the Belgian Synaesthesia Association, the Canadian Synesthesia Association, the German Synesthesia Association, and the Netherlands Synesthesia Web Community.
Society and culture.
Artistic investigations.
Synesthetic art historically refers to multi-sensory experiments in the genres of visual music, music visualization, audiovisual art, abstract film, and intermedia. Distinct from neuroscience, the concept of synesthesia in the arts is regarded as the simultaneous perception of multiple stimuli in one gestalt experience.
Neurological synesthesia has been a source of inspiration for artists, composers, poets, novelists, and digital artists. Nabokov writes explicitly about synesthesia in several novels. Kandinsky (a synesthete) and Mondrian (not a synesthete) both experimented with image-music congruence in their paintings. Scriabin composed colored music that was deliberately contrived and based on the circle of fifths, whereas Messiaen invented a new method of composition (the modes of limited transposition) specifically to render his bi-directional sound-color synesthesia. For example, the red rocks of Bryce Canyon are depicted in his symphony "Des canyons aux étoiles" ("From the Canyons to the Stars"). New art movements such as literary symbolism, non-figurative art, and visual music have profited from experiments with synesthetic perception and contributed to the public awareness of synesthetic and multi-sensory ways of perceiving.
Contemporary artists with synesthesia, such as Carol Steen and Marcia Smilack (a photographer who waits until she gets a synesthetic response from what she sees and then takes the picture), use their synesthesia to create their artwork. They demonstrate the complex interplay between personal experience and artistic creation.
Literary depictions.
Synesthesia is sometimes used as a plot device or way of developing a character's inner life. Author and synesthete Pat Duffy describes five ways in which synesthetic characters have been used in modern fiction.
Many literary depictions of synesthesia are not accurate. Some say more about an author's interpretation of synesthesia than the phenomenon itself.
Notable cases.
Identifying synesthesia in the historical record is fraught with error unless (auto)biographical sources explicitly give convincing details.
There are many famous synesthetes, most of whom are artists, writers, or musicians. David Hockney perceives music as color, shape, and configuration and uses these perceptions when painting opera stage sets (though not while creating his other artworks). Russian painter Wassily Kandinsky combined four senses: color, hearing, touch, and smell. Vladimir Nabokov described his grapheme-color synesthesia at length in his autobiography, "Speak, Memory", and portrayed it in some of his characters. Synesthetic composers include Duke Ellington, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, and Olivier Messiaen, whose three types of complex colors are rendered explicitly in musical chord structures that he invented. Physicist Richard Feynman describes his colored equations in his autobiography, "What Do You Care What Other People Think?"
Other notable synesthetes include musicians Billy Joel, Itzhak Perlman, Ida Maria, Brian Chase and Patrick Stump; actress Stephanie Carswell (credited as Stéphanie Montreux); inventor Nikola Tesla; electronic musician Richard D. James aka Aphex Twin (who claims to be inspired by lucid dreams as well as music); and classical pianist Hélène Grimaud. Drummer Mickey Hart of The Grateful Dead wrote about his experiences with synaesthesia in his autobiography "Drumming at the Edge of Magic". Pharrell Williams, of the groups The Neptunes and N.E.R.D., claims to experience synesthesia and used it as the basis of the album "Seeing Sounds". Singer/songwriter Marina and the Diamonds experiences music → color synesthesia and reports colored days of the week.
Some artists frequently mentioned as synesthetes did not, in fact, have the neurological condition. Alexander Scriabin's 1911 , for example, is a deliberate contrivance whose color choices are based on the circle of fifths and appear to have been taken from Madame Blavatsky. The musical score has a separate staff marked "luce" whose "notes" are played on a color organ. Technical reviews appear in period volumes of "Scientific American." On the other hand, his older colleague Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov (who was perceived as a fairly conservative composer) was, in fact, a synesthete.
French poets Arthur Rimbaud and Charles Baudelaire wrote of synesthetic experiences, but there is no evidence they were synesthetes themselves. Baudelaire's 1857 ' introduced the notion that the senses can and should intermingle. Baudelaire participated in a hashish experiment by psychiatrist Jacques-Joseph Moreau and became interested in how the senses might affect each other. Rimbaud later wrote "Voyelles" (1871), which was perhaps more important than ' in popularizing synesthesia. He later boasted ""J'inventais la couleur des voyelles!"" (I invented the colors of the vowels!).
Daniel Tammet wrote a book on his experiences with synesthesia called "Born on a Blue Day".
Joanne Harris, author of "Chocolat", is a synesthete who says she experiences colors as scents. Her novel "Blueeyedboy" features various aspects of synesthesia.
Research.
Research on synesthesia raises questions about how the brain combines information from different sensory modalities, referred to as crossmodal perception or multisensory integration.
An example of this is the bouba/kiki effect. In an experiment first designed by Wolfgang Köhler, people are asked to choose which of two shapes is named "bouba" and which "kiki." 95% to 98% of people choose "kiki" for the angular shape and "bouba" for the rounded one. Individuals on the island of Tenerife showed a similar preference between shapes called "takete" and "maluma." Even 2.5 year-old children (too young to read) show this effect.
Researchers hope that the study of synesthesia will provide better understanding of consciousness and its neural correlates. In particular, synesthesia might be relevant to the philosophical problem of qualia, given that synesthetes experience extra qualia (e.g. colored sound).
Technological applications.
Synesthesia also has a number of practical applications, one of which is the use of ‘intentional synesthesia’ in technology.
Synesthesia and virtual reality.
One type of application is the pain-reducing virtual reality program. In existing programs, the main purpose is to reduce pain when undergoing a specific treatment by shifting the attention from the experienced pain to the virtual program in which the patient is participating. By using artificial synesthesia and combining various senses, this can help to enhance the control of a person’s attention, which can be used to improve and direct sensory distraction from the perceived pain.
For example, many treatments for burn pain and wounds may increase patients' anxiety, which increases perceived pain. Shifting attention from pain and anxiety is therefore an important part of the treatment process. Virtual reality has proven to be very effective in managing this acute pain in several medical settings by shifting patients' attention from their experienced pain to the program in which they have been introduced. It appears to be far more effective than other distraction techniques, like playing video games. More specifically, the convergence of many sense modalities (e.g. sound, sight, and touch) gives patients the perception of being immersed in the virtual environment, which helps them endure the pain while relying less on pharmacological therapy.
The vOICe.
Peter Meijer developed a sensory substitution device called The vOICe (the capital letters "O," "I," and "C" in "vOICe" are intended to evoke the expression "Oh I see"). The vOICe is a privately owned research project, running without venture capital, that was first implemented using low-cost hardware in 1991. The vOICe is a visual-to-auditory sensory substitution device (SSD) preserving visual detail at high resolution (up to 25,344 pixels). The device consists of a laptop, head-mounted camera or computer camera, and headphones. The vOICe converts visual stimuli of the surroundings captured by the camera into corresponding aural representations (soundscapes) delivered to the user through headphones at a default rate of one soundscape per second. Each soundscape is a left-to-right scan, with height represented by pitch, and brightness by loudness. Default resolution of the soundscape is 176×64. Therefore, it is roughly comparable to a retinal implant or brain implant with 10,000 electrodes.
The process of converting greyscale camera images into soundscapes works according to three simple rules. The first is 'left and right' in which left-to-right scanning results in hearing the stereo pan from left to right correspondingly. If there is a visual pattern on the left, the user hears a sound on the left, and similarly for the right. The second rule is 'up and down': every scan provides a pitch that indicates elevation. The higher the position of the visual pattern, the higher the pitch. The third and final rule is 'dark and light': loudness corresponds to brightness. The louder the sound, the brighter the visual pattern. Silence indicates no light stimuli, the loudest sounds represent white light, and everything in between is a shade of grey.
For example, a straight bright line on a dark background, running from the top left to the bottom right, would sound like a tone steadily decreasing in pitch; a dot would sound like a short beep; and two dots would sound like two short beeps. Since real-life images are much more complex, there is also much more to hear through this device. While converting the visual pattern into a sound, the device uses a predictable real-time audio and video processing algorithm, allowing users to listen to and then interpret the visual information captured by a digital video camera. The vOICe compensates for the loss of vision by converting information from the lost sensory modality into stimuli in a remaining modality.
This could lead to synthetic vision with truly visual sensations through crossmodal sensory integration through training and education. It requires a certain amount of time and effort to become proficient at differentiating objects, identifying objects, and locating them in space. Users are therefore advised to start training in a safe, familiar home environment in order to integrate the novel stimuli with other senses.
One of the remaining questions in this ongoing research concerning the vOICe is to what extent the use of a sensory substitution system can lead to visual sensations through forms of induced artificial synesthesia.
Eyeborg.
The Eyeborg is a device developed by Adam Montandan that incorporates the auditory and visual spectra. It makes it possible for people with color-blindness to hear colors. This device was inspired by naturally occurring synesthesia.

</doc>
<doc id="21438208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438208" title="2009 United States Olympic Curling Trials">
2009 United States Olympic Curling Trials

The 2009 United States Olympic Curling Team Trials were held from February 21 to 28, 2009 at the Broomfield Event Center in Broomfield, Colorado. Trials have been held ever since curling returned to the Olympics as a demonstration sport in 1988. The trials also constituted the 2009 United States National Curling Championships.
The winning men's and women's teams represented the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2009 men's and women's World Championship.
Men.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Results.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, February 21, 20:00"
Draw 2.
"Sunday, February 22, 12:00"
Draw 3.
"Sunday, February 22, 20:00"
Draw 4.
"Monday, February 23, 12:00"
Draw 5.
"Monday, February 23, 20:00"
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, February 24, 14:00"
Draw 7.
"Wednesday, February 25, 8:00"
Draw 8.
"Wednesday, February 25, 16:00"
Draw 9.
"Thursday, February 26, 8:00"
Tiebreaker.
"Thursday, February 26, 4:00 pm"
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2.
"Friday, February 27, 12:00 pm"
3 vs. 4.
"Friday, February 27, 12:00 pm"
Semifinal.
"Friday, February 27, 8:00 pm"
Final.
"Saturday, February 28, 3:00 pm"
Women.
Teams.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round Robin Results.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, February 21, 16:00"
Draw 2.
"Saturday, February 22, 8:00"
Draw 3.
"Saturday, February 22, 16:00"
Draw 4.
"Sunday, February 23, 8:00"
Draw 5.
"Sunday, February 23, 16:00"
Draw 6.
"Monday, February 24, 10:00"
Draw 7.
"Monday, February 24, 19:00"
Draw 8.
"Tuesday, February 25, 12:00"
Draw 9.
"Tuesday, February 25, 20:00"
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2.
"Thursday, February 26, 8:00 pm"
3 vs. 4.
"Thursday, February 26, 8:00 pm"
Semifinal.
"Friday, February 27, 4:00 pm"
Final.
"Saturday, February 28, 10:00 am"

</doc>
<doc id="21438213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438213" title="Valley of Peace (film)">
Valley of Peace (film)

Valley of Peace () is a 1956 Yugoslavian (Slovenian) war film directed by France Štiglic. It was in competition at the 1957 Cannes Film Festival, where John Kitzmiller received the Best Actor award for his role as Sgt. Jim.
The music for the film was written by the composer Marjan Kozina. He won the Golden Arena for Best Film Music for it.
In English speaking countries, it was released under the titles "Mr. Jim - American, Soldier, and Gentleman", "Sergeant Jim" and "The Valley of Peace".

</doc>
<doc id="21438220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438220" title="46th Street Station">
46th Street Station

46th Street Station can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438222" title="Valentino Musetti">
Valentino Musetti

Valentino Musetti (born 7 January 1943 in Pontremoli, Tuscany, Italy), often known as just Val Musetti, is an Italian-born English film and TV stuntman and retired motor racing driver. Highlights of his career include finishing third in the Shellsport International Series in 1977. In 1978 he finished fifth in the Aurora F1 Series. In the late 1980s he drove in the FIA World Sportscar Championship. He competed in one round of the 1991 British Touring Car Championship at Donington Park. With a privately entered BMW M3, he finished in thirteenth place. That year he also entered the 24 Hours of Le Mans, but his team failed to qualify.
He has appeared in many TV programmes since the 1960s, such as "The Avengers", "Callan", "Doctor Who" (credited in the TV serial "The Crusade"), ', "The Professionals", "Minder" and "Dempsey and Makepeace". He has worked as a stuntman on many TV programmes and films such as "The Italian Job", "The New Avengers", "Superman II", "An American Werewolf in London", ', "Alien 3" and "Midsomer Murders" among others.

</doc>
<doc id="21438226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438226" title="Juan Felipe Ortiz">
Juan Felipe Ortiz

Juan Felipe Ortiz (born August 13, 1964) is a retired male long jumper who represented Cuba during his career. His main rival during the 1980s and early 1990s was Jaime Jefferson.

</doc>
<doc id="21438242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438242" title="Lava">
Lava

Lava is the molten rock expelled by a volcano during an eruption and the resulting rock after solidification and cooling. This molten rock is formed in the interior of some planets, including Earth, and some of their satellites. The source of the heat that liquefies the rock within the earth is geothermal energy. When first erupted from a volcanic vent, lava is a liquid at temperatures from . Up to 100,000 times as viscous as water, lava can flow great distances before cooling and solidifying because of its thixotropic and shear thinning properties.
A "lava flow" is a moving outpouring of lava, which is created during a non-explosive effusive eruption. When it has stopped moving, lava solidifies to form igneous rock. The term "lava flow" is commonly shortened to "lava". Explosive eruptions produce a mixture of volcanic ash and other fragments called tephra, rather than lava flows. The word "lava" comes from Italian, and is probably derived from the Latin word "labes" which means a fall or slide. The first use in connection with extruded magma (molten rock below the Earth's surface) was apparently in a short account written by Francesco Serao on the eruption of Vesuvius between May 14 and June 4, 1737. Serao described "a flow of fiery lava" as an analogy to the flow of water and mud down the flanks of the volcano following heavy rain.
Lava composition and behavior.
In general, the composition of a lava determines its behavior more than the temperature of its eruption.
Composition.
Igneous rocks, which form lava flows when erupted, can be classified into three chemical types; "felsic", "intermediate", and "mafic" (four if one includes the super-heated "ultramafic"). These classes are primarily chemical; however, the chemistry of lava also tends to correlate with the magma temperature, its viscosity and its mode of eruption.
Felsic lava.
"Felsic" (or silicic) lavas such as rhyolite and dacite typically form lava spines, lava domes or "coulees" (which are thick, short lavas) and are associated with pyroclastic (fragmental) deposits. Most silicic lava flows are extremely viscous, and typically fragment as they extrude, producing blocky autobreccias. The high viscosity and strength are the result of their chemistry, which is high in silica, aluminium, potassium, sodium, and calcium, forming a polymerized liquid rich in feldspar and quartz, and thus has a higher viscosity than other magma types. Felsic magmas can erupt at temperatures as low as 650 to 750 °C. Unusually hot (>950 °C) rhyolite lavas, however, may flow for distances of many tens of kilometres, such as in the Snake River Plain of the northwestern United States.
Intermediate lava.
"Intermediate" or andesitic lavas are lower in aluminium and silica, and usually somewhat richer in magnesium and iron. Intermediate lavas form andesite domes and block lavas, and may occur on steep composite volcanoes, such as in the Andes. Poorer in aluminium and silica than felsic lavas, and also commonly hotter (in the range of 750 to 950 °C), they tend to be less viscous. Greater temperatures tend to destroy polymerized bonds within the magma, promoting more fluid behaviour and also a greater tendency to form phenocrysts. Higher iron and magnesium tends to manifest as a darker groundmass, and also occasionally amphibole or pyroxene phenocrysts.
Mafic lava.
"Mafic" or basaltic lavas are typified by their high ferromagnesian content, and generally erupt at temperatures in excess of 950 °C. Basaltic magma is high in iron and magnesium, and has relatively lower aluminium and silica, which taken together reduces the degree of polymerization within the melt. Owing to the higher temperatures, viscosities can be relatively low, although still thousands of times higher than water. The low degree of polymerization and high temperature favors chemical diffusion, so it is common to see large, well-formed phenocrysts within mafic lavas. Basalt lavas tend to produce low-profile shield volcanoes or "flood basalt fields", because the fluidal lava flows for long distances from the vent. The thickness of a basalt lava, particularly on a low slope, may be much greater than the thickness of the moving lava flow at any one time, because basalt lavas may "inflate" by supply of lava beneath a solidified crust. Most basalt lavas are of "ʻAʻā" or "pāhoehoe" types, rather than block lavas. Underwater they can form "pillow lavas", which are rather similar to entrail-type pahoehoe lavas on land.
Ultramafic lava.
"Ultramafic" lavas such as komatiite and highly magnesian magmas that form boninite take the composition and temperatures of eruptions to the extreme. Komatiites contain over 18% magnesium oxide, and are thought to have erupted at temperatures of 1600 °C. At this temperature there is no polymerization of the mineral compounds, creating a highly mobile liquid with viscosity as low as that of water. Most if not all ultramafic lavas are no younger than the Proterozoic, with a few ultramafic magmas known from the Phanerozoic. No modern komatiite lavas are known, as the Earth's mantle has cooled too much to produce highly magnesian magmas.
Lava behavior.
The viscosity of lava is important because it determines how the lava will behave. Lavas with high viscosity are rhyolite, dacite, andesite and trachyte, with cooled basaltic lava also quite viscous; those with low viscosities are freshly erupted basalt, carbonatite and occasionally andesite.
Highly viscous lava shows the following behaviors:
Highly viscous lavas do not usually flow as liquid, and usually form explosive fragmental ash or tephra deposits. However, a degassed viscous lava or one which erupts somewhat hotter than usual may form a lava flow.
Lava with low viscosity shows the following behaviors:
Lavas also may contain many other components, sometimes including solid crystals of various minerals, fragments of exotic rocks known as xenoliths and fragments of previously solidified lava.
Volcanic morphologies.
The physical behavior of lava creates the physical forms of a lava flow or volcano. More fluid basaltic lava flows tend to form flat sheet-like bodies, whereas viscous rhyolite lava flows forms knobbly, blocky masses of rock.
General features of volcanology can be used to classify volcanic edifices and provide information on the eruptions which formed the lava flow, even if the sequence of lavas have been buried or metamorphosed.
The ideal lava flow will have a brecciated top, either as pillow lava development, autobreccia and rubble typical of "aā" and viscous flows, or a vesicular or frothy carapace such as scoria or pumice. The top of the lava will tend to be glassy, having been flash frozen in contact with the air or water.
The centre of a lava flow is commonly massive and crystalline, flow banded or layered, with microscopic groundmass crystals. The more viscous lava forms tend to show sheeted flow features, and blocks or breccia entrained within the sticky lava. The crystal size at the centre of a lava will in general be greater than at the margins, as the crystals have more time to grow.
The base of a lava flow may show evidence of hydrothermal activity if the lava flowed across moist or wet substrates. The lower part of the lava may have vesicles, perhaps filled with minerals (amygdules). The substrate upon which the lava has flowed may show signs of scouring, it may be broken or disturbed by the boiling of trapped water, and in the case of soil profiles, may be baked into a brick-red terracotta.
Discriminating between an intrusive sill and a lava flow in ancient rock sequences can be difficult. However, some sills do not usually have brecciated margins, and may show a weak metamorphic aureole on both the upper and lower surface, whereas a lava will only bake the substrate beneath it. However, it is often difficult in practice to identify these metamorphic phenomenon because they are usually weak and restricted in size. Peperitic sills, intruded into wet sedimentary rocks, commonly do not bake upper margins and have upper and lower autobreccias, closely similar to lavas.
ʻAʻā.
"Aā" (also spelled "aa, aa, aa," and "a-aa"; or , from Hawaiian meaning "stony rough lava", but also to "burn" or "blaze") is one of three basic types of flow lava. Aā is basaltic lava characterized by a rough or rubbly surface composed of broken lava blocks called clinker. The Hawaiian word was introduced as a technical term in geology by Clarence Dutton.
The loose, broken, and sharp, spiny surface of an aā flow makes hiking difficult and slow. The clinkery surface actually covers a massive dense core, which is the most active part of the flow. As pasty lava in the core travels downslope, the clinkers are carried along at the surface. At the leading edge of an aā flow, however, these cooled fragments tumble down the steep front and are buried by the advancing flow. This produces a layer of lava fragments both at the bottom and top of an aā flow.
Accretionary lava balls as large as 3 metres (10 feet) are common on aā flows. Aā is usually of higher viscosity than pāhoehoe. Pāhoehoe can turn into aā if it becomes turbulent from meeting impediments or steep slopes.
The sharp, angled texture makes aā a strong radar reflector, and can easily be seen from an orbiting satellite (bright on Magellan pictures).
Aā lavas typically erupt at temperatures of 1000 to 1100 °C.
Pāhoehoe.
"Pāhoehoe" (; from Hawaiian , meaning "smooth, unbroken lava"), also spelled "pahoehoe", is basaltic lava that has a smooth, billowy, undulating, or ropy surface. These surface features are due to the movement of very fluid lava under a congealing surface crust. The Hawaiian word was introduced as a technical term in geology by Clarence Dutton.
A pāhoehoe flow typically advances as a series of small lobes and toes that continually break out from a cooled crust. It also forms lava tubes where the minimal heat loss maintains low viscosity. The surface texture of pāhoehoe flows varies widely, displaying all kinds of bizarre shapes often referred to as lava sculpture. With increasing distance from the source, pāhoehoe flows may change into aā flows in response to heat loss and consequent increase in viscosity. Pahoehoe lavas typically have a temperature of 1100 to 1200 °C.
The rounded texture makes pāhoehoe a poor radar reflector, and is difficult to see from an orbiting satellite (dark on Magellan picture).
Block lava flows.
Block lava flows are typical of andesitic lavas from stratovolcanoes. They behave in a similar manner to ʻaʻā flows but their more viscous nature causes the surface to be covered in smooth-sided angular fragments (blocks) of solidified lava instead of clinkers. Like in ʻaʻā flows, the molten interior of the flow, which is kept insulated by the solidified blocky surface, overrides the rubble that falls off the flow front. They also move much more slowly downhill and are thicker in depth than ʻaʻā flows.
Domes and coulées.
Lava domes and coulées are associated with felsic lava flows ranging from dacite to rhyolite. The very viscous nature of these lava cause them to not flow far from the vent, causing the lava to form a lava dome at the vent. When a dome forms on an inclined surface its can flow in short thick flows called coulées (dome flow). These flows often only travel a few kilometers from the vent.
Pillow lava.
"Pillow lava" is the lava structure typically formed when lava emerges from an underwater volcanic vent or subglacial volcano or a lava flow enters the ocean. However, pillow lava can also form when lava is erupted beneath thick glacial ice. The viscous lava gains a solid crust on contact with the water, and this crust cracks and oozes additional large blobs or "pillows" as more lava emerges from the advancing flow. Since water covers the majority of Earth's surface and most volcanoes are situated near or under bodies of water, pillow lava is very common.
Lava landforms.
Because it is formed from viscous molten rock, lava flows and eruptions create distinctive formations, landforms and topographical features from the macroscopic to the microscopic.
Volcanoes.
Volcanoes are the primary landforms built by repeated eruptions of lava and ash over time. They range in shape from shield volcanoes with broad, shallow slopes formed from predominantly effusive eruptions of relatively fluid basaltic lava flows, to steeply-sided stratovolcanoes (also known as composite volcanoes) made of alternating layers of ash and more viscous lava flows typical of intermediate and felsic lavas.
A caldera, which is a large subsidence crater, can form in a stratovolcano, if the magma chamber is partially or wholly emptied by large explosive eruptions; the summit cone no longer supports itself and thus collapses in on itself afterwards. Such features may include volcanic crater lakes and lava domes after the event. However, calderas can also form by non-explosive means such as gradual magma subsidence. This is typical of many shield volcanoes.
Cinder and spatter cones.
Cinder cones and spatter cones are small-scale features formed by lava accumulation around a small vent on a volcanic edifice. Cinder cones are formed from tephra or ash and tuff which is thrown from an explosive vent. Spatter cones are formed by accumulation of molten volcanic slag and cinders ejected in a more liquid form.
Kīpukas.
Another Hawaiian English term derived from the Hawaiian language, a kīpuka denotes an elevated area such as a hill, ridge or old lava dome inside or downslope from an area of active volcanism. New lava flows will cover the surrounding land, isolating the kīpuka so that it appears as a (usually) forested island in a barren lava flow.
Lava domes.
Lava domes are formed by the extrusion of viscous felsic magma. They can form prominent rounded protuberances, such as at Valles Caldera. As a volcano extrudes silicic lava, it can form an "inflation dome", gradually building up a large, pillow-like structure which cracks, fissures, and may release cooled chunks of rock and rubble. The top and side margins of an inflating lava dome tend to be covered in fragments of rock, breccia and ash.
Examples of lava dome eruptions include the Novarupta dome, and successive lava domes of Mount St Helens.
Lava tubes.
Lava tubes are formed when a flow of relatively fluid lava cools on the upper surface sufficiently to form a crust. Beneath this crust, which being made of rock is an excellent insulator, the lava can continue to flow as a liquid. When this flow occurs over a prolonged period of time the lava conduit can form a tunnel-like aperture or "lava tube", which can conduct molten rock many kilometres from the vent without cooling appreciably. Often these lava tubes drain out once the supply of fresh lava has stopped, leaving a considerable length of open tunnel within the lava flow.
Lava tubes are known from the modern day eruptions of Kīlauea, and significant, extensive and open lava tubes of Tertiary age are known from North Queensland, Australia, some extending for 15 kilometres.
Lava fountains.
A lava fountain is a volcanic phenomenon in which lava is forcefully but non-explosively ejected from a crater, vent, or fissure. The highest lava fountains recorded were during the 1999 eruption of Mount Etna in Italy, which reached heights of . However, lava fountains observed during Mount Vesuvius' 1779 eruption are believed to have reached at least . Lava fountains may occur as a series of short pulses, or a continuous jet of lava. They are commonly associated with Hawaiian eruptions.
Lava lakes.
Rarely, a volcanic cone may fill with lava but not erupt. Lava which pools within the caldera is known as a lava lake. Lava lakes do not usually persist for long, either draining back into the magma chamber once pressure is relieved (usually by venting of gases through the caldera), or by draining via eruption of lava flows or pyroclastic explosion.
There are only a few sites in the world where permanent lakes of lava exist. These include:
Lava delta.
Lava deltas form wherever sub-aerial flows of lava enter standing bodies of water. The lava cools and breaks up as it encounters the water, with the resulting fragments filling in the seabed topography such that the sub-aerial flow can move further offshore. Lava deltas are generally associated with large-scale, effusive type basaltic volcanism.
Unusual lavas.
Some lavas of unusual composition have erupted onto the surface of the Earth. These include:
The term "lava" can also be used to refer to molten "ice mixtures" in eruptions on the icy satellites of the Solar System's gas giants. See cryovolcanism.
Hazards.
Lava flows are enormously destructive to property in their path. However, casualties are rare since flows are usually slow enough for people to escape, though this is dependent on the viscosity of the lava. Nevertheless injuries and deaths have occurred, either because people had their escape route cut off, because they got too close to the flow or, more rarely, if the lava flow front travels too quickly. This notably happened during the eruption of Nyiragongo in Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo). On the night of 10 January 1977 a crater wall was breached and a fluid lava lake drained out in under an hour. The resulting flow sped down the steep slopes at up to 100 km/h, and overwhelmed several villages while residents were asleep. As a result of this disaster, the mountain was designated a Decade Volcano in 1991.
Deaths attributed to volcanoes frequently have a different cause, for example volcanic ejecta, pyroclastic flow from a collapsing lava dome, lahars, poisonous gases that travel ahead of lava, or explosions caused when the flow comes into contact with water. A particularly dangerous area is called a lava bench. This very young ground will typically break-off and fall into the sea.
Areas of recent lava flows continue to represent a hazard long after the lava has cooled. Where young flows have created new lands, land is more unstable and can break-off into the sea. Flows often have deep cracks, and any fall against fresh lava is similar to falling against broken glass. Rugged hiking boots, long pants, and gloves are recommended when crossing lava flows. Special care should be taken whenever entering an isolated kipuka cut off by a lava flow. Wildlife, especially wild boar, can become trapped and concentrated within a kipuka. The chances of encountering boars in a Hawaiian kipuka is particularly high. Making a lot of noise is recommended and back away slowly if one holds ground.
Towns destroyed by tephra.
Tephra is volcanic ash, lapilli, volcanic bombs or volcanic blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="21438244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438244" title="Mark Williams (American football)">
Mark Williams (American football)

Mark Anthony Williams (born May 17, 1971 in Camp Springs, Maryland) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Green Bay Packers, the Jacksonville Jaguars, the St. Louis Rams, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="21438256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438256" title="Acquired hemolytic anemia">
Acquired hemolytic anemia

Acquired hemolytic anemia can be divided into immune and non-immune mediated forms of hemolytic anemia.
Immune.
Immune mediated hemolytic anemia (direct Coombs test is positive)
Non-immune.
Non-immune mediated hemolytic anemia (direct Coombs test is negative)
Drug induced hemolysis.
Drug induced hemolysis has large clinical relevance. It occurs when drugs actively provoke red blood cell destruction. It can be divided in the following manner:
A total of four mechanisms are usually described, but there is some evidence that these mechanisms may overlap.

</doc>
<doc id="21438262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438262" title="Una Peaks">
Una Peaks

Una Peaks, formerly known as Cape Renard Towers, are two towers of basalt, each topped by a cap of ice, guarding the northern entrance to the Lemaire Channel on the Antarctic Peninsula. With the highest summit at , The formation has been long colloquially known as "Una's Tits". The peaks appear on a British Antarctic Territory stamp although they are not identified as such. The individual towers are referred to as "buttresses".
Una Spivey was the name of a secretary in the governor's office in Stanley, Falkland Islands who was working for what is now the British Antarctic Survey. The tallest tower has only been summited once; this was by a German team in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21438266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438266" title="Gotskalk Mathiassen Seim">
Gotskalk Mathiassen Seim

Gotskalk Mathiassen Seim (1818 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1862, 1865 and 1868, representing the constituency of Søndre Bergenhus Amt. He worked as a farmer there.

</doc>
<doc id="21438274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438274" title="K. D. Williams">
K. D. Williams

Kevin Dewayne Williams, Sr. (born April 22, 1973 in Tampa, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for three seasons for the Oakland Raiders and the Green Bay Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="21438287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438287" title="Breakpoint Commentary">
Breakpoint Commentary

BreakPoint Commentaries is a daily radio commentary program from Prison Fellowship hosted John Stonestreet or Eric Metaxas which airs each weekday. BreakPoint started in 1991 as the radio commentary ministry of Christian Worldview ministry Prison Fellowship.
Commentaries are also available on the BreakPoint website, iTunes, Facebook, Twitter and OnePlace.com. 

</doc>
<doc id="21438292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438292" title="Montney Formation">
Montney Formation

The Montney Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Lower Triassic age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in British Columbia and Alberta. 
It takes the name from the hamlet of Montney and was first described in Texaco's Buick Creek No. 7 well by J.H. Armitage in 1962. The well was drilled north of Fort St. John, immediately east of the Alaska Highway.
Lithology.
The formation is composed of siltstone and dark grey shale, with dolomitic siltstone in the base and fine grained sandstone towards the top. The facies is shaley in the north and west of the extent (Fort St. John), silty in the center (Dawson Creek and Pouce Coupe areas) and becomes coarser (sandy) in western Alberta (Valleyview area).
Oil and gas production.
The Montney Formation is a major shale gas and shale oil resource with reserves of 449 trillion cubic feet of marketable natural gas, 14,521 million barrels of marketable natural gas liquids (NGLs) and 1,125 million barrels of oil. 
Gas is produced from the Montney Formation in the Peace River Country in British Columbia, by Petronas among others, and oil is produced from the formation in northern Alberta. Horizontal drilling and extensive fracturing process is necessary to have the fluid flow through the low permeability siltstone. Shale gas extraction emerged in the late 2000s in the distal facies of the formation's western extent.
Distribution.
The Montney Formation reaches maximum thickness in the foothills of the northern Canadian Rockies at , and thins out towards the north up to the Fort Nelson area and towards the east to Peace River.
Relationship to other units.
Montney Formation is unconformably overlain by Jurassic or Cretaceous beds such as the Doig Formation or Fernie Group and unconformably underlain by the Permian or Carboniferous strata such as the Belloy Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="21438297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438297" title="Depot Creek">
Depot Creek

Depot Creek is a large creek in Whatcom County, Washington and British Columbia. Its headwaters are in Washington however, its mouth is in British Columbia. It is best known for the waterfall it flows over, Depot Creek Falls. It is named for an old trading post near its mouth, hence the name "Depot".
Depot Creek's headwaters are in Ouzel Lake, located in a cirque between Mount Redoubt and Mount Spickard. The creek exits the lake and flows northwest into a large, swamp-like area at the top of Depot Creek Falls. The creek then drops over the falls and reaches the bottom of the valley. From here the creek flows northwest until it flows into Chilliwack Lake near its south end. The creek crosses the border about halfway there.

</doc>
<doc id="21438307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438307" title="Tibetan astronomy">
Tibetan astronomy

The Tantra of Kalachakra is the basis of Tibetan astronomy. 
It explains some phenomena in a similar manner as modern astronomy science. Hence, Sun eclipse is described as the Moon passing between the Sun and the Earth.
In 1318, the 3rd Karmapa received vision of Kalachakra which he used to introduce a revised system of astronomy and astrology named the "Tsurphu Tradition of Astrology" (Tibetan: Tsur-tsi) which is still used in the Karma Kagyu school for the calculation of the Tibetan calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="21438308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438308" title="Knut Andreas Pettersen Agersborg">
Knut Andreas Pettersen Agersborg

Knut Andreas Pettersen Agersborg (1765–1847) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Vefsn. He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1824–1826, representing the constituency of Nordlands Amt. He worked as a farmer, fisher, police sergeant and ship-owner there.
He died in 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="21438313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438313" title="Teenage Book Club">
Teenage Book Club

Teenage Book Club was a primetime television series on the American Broadcasting Company which premiered on 27 August 1948. It was a discussion program about books for teenagers which aired Fridays at 8:00pm ET. 
Production history.
The series was a huge failure, lasted just two months. In fact, very few of ABC's shows during this time made much of an impact, with only "Break the Bank" making enough impact to be mentioned in several history books.

</doc>
<doc id="21438319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438319" title="Jude Waddy">
Jude Waddy

Jude Michael Waddy (born September 12, 1975 in Washington, D.C.) is a former professional American football linebacker who played for two seasons for the Green Bay Packers. He was signed by the Packers as an undrafted free agent in 1998. He played college football at William & Mary. Waddy also played one season for the Berlin Thunder of NFL Europe and the San Diego Chargers of the NFL.
Post Football.
Waddy lives in Brooklyn, NY and is the founder of PhysiPet LLC, which designs, manufactures, and assembles pet toys.

</doc>
<doc id="21438331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438331" title="50th Street Station">
50th Street Station

50th Street Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438332" title="David McKoy">
David McKoy

David McKoy (born July 5, 1983 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian football wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. He was originally drafted ninth overall by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the 2007 CFL Draft. He played CIS Football at Guelph.
Due to a knee injury suffered in 2007 and recurring problems the following two years, McKoy has played sparingly during his CFL career. He played in the first nine games of 2007 and both playoff games in 2009. 
The Saskatchewan Roughriders released McKoy on June 5, 2010 after he failed his physical testing.
McKoy was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on August 3, 2010. After still having difficulty with his knee, he was released on August 5, 2010. McKoy was re-signed by the Bombers on March 16, 2011.
McKoy signed a practice roster agreement with the Toronto Argonauts on August 8, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21438344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438344" title="Charles White (physician)">
Charles White (physician)

Charles White FRS (4 October 1728 – 20 February 1813) was an English physician and a co-founder of the Manchester Royal Infirmary, along with local industrialist Joseph Bancroft. White was an able and innovative surgeon who made significant contributions in the field of obstetrics.
White kept the mummified body of one of his female patients in a room of his house in Sale for 55 years, probably at least partly because she had a morbid fear of being mistakenly buried alive.
Early life.
White was born in Manchester, England, on 4 October 1728, the only son of Thomas White, a surgeon and man-midwife, and his wife Rosamond. After being educated by the Reverend Radcliffe Russell, White joined his father's practice as an apprentice, in about 1742. He subsequently studied medicine in London under the obstetrician William Hunter, before completing his studies in Edinburgh and rejoining his father's practice as a surgeon and man-midwife.
Career.
From the 1750s onwards, White became increasingly recognised as an able and innovative surgeon. He presented a paper to the Royal Society in 1760 describing his successful treatment of a fractured arm by reuniting the ends of the broken bone. In 1762, the year he became a fellow of the society, he presented another paper, on the use of sponges to stop bleeding. He became a member of the Company of Surgeons that same year.
White was also highly regarded in the field of obstetrics. His influential book, "Treatise on the Management of Pregnant and Lying-in Women", was published in 1773, in which he recommended that women should give birth naturally, and that the delivery should not be assisted until the baby's shoulders had been expelled. He also advised mothers to get out of bed as soon as possible after giving birth, and strongly advocated cleanliness and ventilation.
He defended the controversial theory that "All organisms are arranged in a static chain of being, rising through small gradations from plants to animals to humans". He argued that non-white races were inferior and closer to the primitive due to their skin pigmentation, and that women resembled the darker races because their bodies revealed areas of darker pigmentation: "the areola round the nipple, the pudenda, and the verge of the anus", especially as seen in pregnant women.
Manchester Royal Infirmary.
White co-founded the Manchester Royal Infirmary with local industrialist Joseph Bancroft in 1752, and was an honorary surgeon there until 1790.
Family and later life.
In 1757 White married Ann Bradshaw, whose father had been a high sheriff for the county of Lancaster. They had eight children, four sons and four daughters. In 1803 White suffered an attack of ophthalmia, which led to his blindness a few years later. He died at his home in Sale, on 20 February 1813.
Manchester Mummy.
White was the family physician present at the burial of John Beswick, at which a mourner noticed that John's eyelids were flickering, just as his coffin lid was about to be closed; White confirmed that John was still alive. The supposed corpse regained consciousness a few days later, and lived for many more years.
The incident made John's sister, Hannah Beswick, fearful that she might accidentally be buried alive. Following Hannah's death in 1758 White had her embalmed, although it has been suggested that her instructions to him were only that she should be kept above ground until it was obvious that she was dead. White kept Hannah's mummified body in a room in his home in Sale, where it was stored in an old clock case. Following his death in 1813, Hannah's mummified body was eventually donated to the Museum of the Manchester Natural History Society, where she became known as the Manchester Mummy, or the Mummy of Birchin Bower. Her body was put on display in the museum's entrance hall, described by one visitor in 1844 as "one of the most remarkable objects in the museum".
Following the museum's transfer to Manchester University in 1867, and with the permission of the Bishop of Manchester, Hannah was buried in an unmarked grave in Harpurhey Cemetery on 22 July 1868.
Polygenism.
White concentrated much of his research in the area of polygenism, in which he became a very strong believer. He followed the conception of race introduced by Lord Kames. Today, his views appear to be scientific racism.
White's "Account of the Regular Gradation in Man, and in Different Animals and Vegetables"(1799) provided the empirical science for polygenism. White defended the theory of polygeny by refuting French naturalist Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon's interfertility argument – the theory that only the same species can interbreed – pointing to species hybrids such as foxes, wolves and jackals, separate groups that were still able to interbreed. For White each race was a separate species, divinely created for its own geographical region. Not only did White talk about species dealing with animals, he also discussed his views on the diversity of human species. He concentrated heavily on Africans and African Americans and their distinct differences from Europeans, which later lead him to believe they derived from a separate origin, specifically primates.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="21438345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438345" title="Design knowledge">
Design knowledge

There is a large body of knowledge that designers call upon and use during the design process to match the ever-increasing complexity of design problems. Design knowledge can be classified into two categories: product knowledge and design process knowledge.
Product Knowledge.
Product knowledge has been fairly studied and a number of modeling techniques have been
developed. Most of them are tailored to specific products or specific aspects of the design activities. For example, geometric modeling is used mainly for supporting detailed design, while knowledge modeling is working for supporting conceptual designs. Based on these techniques, a design repository project at NIST attempts to model three fundamental facets of an artifact representation: the physical layout of the artifact (form), an indication of the overall effect that the artifact creates (function), and a causal account of the operation of the artifact (behavior). The recent NIST research effort towards the development of the basic foundations of the next generation of CAD systems suggested a core representation for design information called the NIST core product model (CPM) and a set of derived models defined as extensions of the CPM (e.g.). The NIST core product model has been developed to unify and integrate product or assembly information. The CPM
provides a base-level product model that is: not tied to any vendor software; open; non-proprietary; expandable; independent of any one product development process; capable of capturing the engineering context that is most commonly shared in product development activities. The core model focuses on artifact representation including function, form, behavior, material, physical and functional decompositions, and relationships among these concepts. The entity-relationship data model influences the model heavily; accordingly, it consists of two sets of classes, called object and relationship, equivalent to the UML class and association class, respectively.
Design Process Knowledge.
Design process knowledge can be described in two levels: design activities and design rationale. The importance of representation for design rationale has been recognized but it is a more complex issue that extends beyond artifact function. The design structure matrix (DSM) has been used for modeling design process (activities) and some related research efforts have been conducted. For example, a web-based prototype system for modeling the product development process using a multi-tiered DSM is developed at MIT. However, few research endeavors have been found on design rationale.
Representation Scenarios.
In terms of representation scenarios, design knowledge can also be categorized into off-line and on-line knowledge. Design process knowledge can be categorized into ontologies.
Off-line Knowledge.
Offline Knowledge refers to existing knowledge representation, including design knowledge in handbook and design ‘‘know-how’’, etc.; the latter refers to the new design knowledge created in the course of design activities by designers themselves. For the off-line knowledge, there are two representation approaches. One is to highly abstract and categorize existing knowledge including experiences into a series of design principles, rationales and constraints. TRIZ is a good instance of this approach. The other is to represent a collection of design knowledge into a certain case for description. Case-based design is an example of this approach. The key issue is on the computerization of the
design knowledge representation. For instance, researchers at the Engineering Design Centre at Lancaster University, UK established a unique knowledge representation methodology and knowledge base vocabulary based on the theory of domains, design principles and computer modeling. They have developed a software tool for engineering knowledge management. The tool provides an engineering system designer with the capability to search a knowledge base of past solutions, and other known technologies to explored viable alternatives for product design.
On-line Knowledge.
The on-line knowledge representation is to capture the dynamic design knowledge in a certain format for design re-use and archive. A few research efforts have been found in this area. Blessing proposes the process-based support system (PROSUS) based on a model of the design process rather than the product. It uses a design matrix to represent the design process as a structured set of issues and activities. Together with the common product data model (CPDM), PROSUS supports the capture of all outputs of the design activity.
Ontologies.
Ontologies are being used for product representation (e.g.). Research suggests, therefore, that there is a need to provide computer support that will supply clear and complete design knowledge and also facilitate designer intervention and customization during the decision-making activities in the design process. For example, WebCADET is a design support system that uses distributed Web-based AI tools. It uses the AI as text approach, where knowledge-based systems (KBSs) can be seen as a medium to facilitate the communication of design knowledge between
designers. The system can provide support for designers when searching for design knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="21438346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438346" title="Johan Gerhard Theodor Ameln">
Johan Gerhard Theodor Ameln

Johan Gerhard Theodor Ameln (12 March 1838 – 19 June 1917) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of Bergen. He worked as a merchant in that city.
He was an uncle of Henrik Ameln.

</doc>
<doc id="21438348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438348" title="Sidney Coleman (American football)">
Sidney Coleman (American football)

Sidney Coleman is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Arizona Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="21438351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438351" title="Mehr davon! Die Single-Box">
Mehr davon! Die Single-Box

Mehr davon! Die Single-Box ("More of it!") is a single box by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It contains some of the more important singles from 1995-2004, 1996-2005 or 1995-2002, depending on the version. The 2001 release "Mehr davon! Die Single-Box 1995-2000" partly crosses over with this release and also has different variations.
Variations.
1995-2004.
CD1: "Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit"<br>
CD2: "Zehn kleine Jägermeister"<br>
CD3: "Unsterblich"<br>
CD4: "Bayern"<br>
CD5: "Was zählt"<br>
CD6: "Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!"<br>
CD7: "Frauen dieser Welt"<br>
CD8: "Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir"
1996-2005.
CD1: "Zehn kleine Jägermeister"<br>
CD2: "Unsterblich"<br>
CD3: "Bayern"<br>
CD4: "Was zählt"<br>
CD5: "Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!"<br>
CD6: "Frauen dieser Welt"<br>
CD7: "Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir"<br>
CD8: "Alles wird vorübergehen"
1995-2002.
CD1: "Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit"<br>
CD2: "Paradies"<br>
CD3: "Zehn kleine Jägermeister"<br>
CD4: "Alles aus Liebe (live)"<br>
CD5: "Schön sein"<br>
CD6: "Unsterblich"<br>
CD7: "Warum werde ich nicht satt?"<br>
CD8: "Kein Alkohol (ist auch keine Lösung)!"

</doc>
<doc id="21438366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438366" title="Adrián García Conde">
Adrián García Conde

Adrián García Conde (4 May 1886 – 13 May 1943) was a Mexican-British chess master.
Born in Valladolid, Yucatán, Mexico, he tied for 6-7th in the Hamburg 1910 chess tournament (the 17th DSB Congress, "Hauptturnier A", Gersz Rotlewi won), took 6th at San Sebastian 1911 (B tournament, Rodriguez won). 
After World War I, he settled in United Kingdom. He took 10th in the Hastings International Chess Congress 1919 (Summer Congress, José Raúl Capablanca won), tied for 4-5th at Hastings 1922/23 (Akiba Rubinstein won), took 2nd, behind Max Romih, at Scarborough 1925 ("Premier A"), tied for 3rd-4th at London 1929 ("Quadrangular", Frederick Yates won), tied for 6-7th at Ramsgate 1929 ("Premier A", William Gibson won), shared 1st with George Koltanowski at Margate 1936 ("Premier A"), and took 6th at Bournemouth 1939 (Max Euwe won). 
He died in London during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="21438377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438377" title="Chris Best">
Chris Best

Chris Best (born April 3, 1983 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian football guard for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He played CIS Football at Waterloo, as well as playing four seasons in the United States at Duke University. He graduated from Duke University in 2005 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering, and is currently finishing his master's degree from the University of Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="21438392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438392" title="Captain Haddock">
Captain Haddock

Captain Archibald Haddock () is a fictional character in "The Adventures of Tintin", the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé. He is Tintin's best friend, a seafaring Merchant Marine Captain.
Haddock is initially depicted as a weak and alcoholic character under the control of his treacherous first mate Allan, who keeps him drunk and runs his freighter. He regains his command and his dignity, even rising to president of the Society of Sober Sailors ("The Shooting Star"), but never gives up his love for rum and whisky, especially Loch Lomond. In the adventure "Secret of the Unicorn" (and continuing in "Red Rackham's Treasure") he and Tintin travel to find a pirate's treasure captured by his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock (François de Hadoque in French). With newfound wealth and regaining his ancestral home Marlinspike Hall, Captain Haddock becomes a socialite; riding a horse, wearing a monocle, and sitting in a theatre box seat ("The Seven Crystal Balls").
He then evolves to become genuinely heroic, volunteering to sacrifice his life to save Tintin's own in the pivotal "Tintin in Tibet". In later volumes he is clearly retired.
Throughout it all, the Captain's coarse humanity and sarcasm act as a counterpoint to Tintin's often implausible heroism. He is always quick with a dry comment whenever the boy reporter gets too idealistic.
Captain Haddock remained without a first name until the last completed story, "Tintin and the Picaros".
Character history.
Until Haddock's introduction, Tintin's constantly positive, optimistic perspective was offset by his faithful companion Snowy. Before Haddock, Snowy was the source of all dry and cynical side-commentary for the series. Hergé, however, realised Haddock's potential as a foil to Tintin. After he brought Haddock into the series, the Captain took over the role of the cynic, relieving Snowy, and establishing Captain Haddock as a permanent addition to the cast.
Hergé introduced Captain Haddock in "The Crab with the Golden Claws". as the rum-loving captain of the "Karaboudjan", a merchant vessel used—without Haddock's knowledge—by his first mate Allan for smuggling drugs inside crab tins. Because of his alcoholism and temperamental nature, his character was weak and unstable, at times posing as great a hazard to Tintin as the villains of the piece. He was also short-tempered, given to emotional, expletive-ridden outbursts, and capable of infuriating behaviour; at one point he even attacks Tintin when, traversing the Moroccan desert, he has the sun-induced delusion that Tintin is a bottle of champagne. However, Haddock is a sincere figure in need of reform, and by the end of his first adventure Tintin has gained a loyal companion, albeit one still given to uttering the occasional "expletive".
Hergé also allowed himself more artistic expression through Haddock's features than with Tintin's. Michael Farr, author of "Tintin: The Complete Companion", notes: "Whereas Hergé kept Tintin's facial expressions to a bare minimum, Haddock's could be contorted with emotion." Farr goes on to write that "In Haddock, Hergé had come up with his most inspired character since creating Tintin." Sales of the volume in which Haddock was introduced indicated the character was well received. After a fairly serious role in "The Shooting Star", where he has risen to become the President of the Society of Sober Sailors (replete with a cabin full of rum), Haddock takes a more central role in the next adventure, split over two books, "The Secret of the Unicorn" and "Red Rackham's Treasure"—indeed, his family history drives the plot. Upon locating the treasure, the newly wealthy Haddock retires.
Hergé built the next adventure around Haddock, furnishing the character with an ancestral home, Marlinspike Hall (or "Moulinsart" in the original French). Harry Thompson, author of "Tintin: Hergé and his creation", writes that the introduction of this large and luxurious country house was "to provide a suitable ancestral home for Tintin and himself to move into." To achieve this in terms of the plot, Hergé also details Haddock's ancestry, something Thompson regards as distinctive: "Haddock is the only regular character whose relatives turn up in the Tintin stories at all (if one discounts Jolyon Wagg and his dreadful family)."
As Haddock's role grew, Hergé expanded his character, basing him upon aspects of friends, with his characteristic temper somewhat inspired by Tintin colourist E.P. Jacobs and his bluffness drawn from Tintin artist Bob de Moor. Harry Thompson has commented on how Hergé utilised the character to inject humour into the plot, notably "where Haddock plays the fool to smooth over a lengthy explanation."
Captain Haddock is especially notable in "The Red Sea Sharks", where his skillful captaining of the ship he and Tintin seize from Rastapopoulos allows them to survive until they are rescued, and is especially noble in the pivotal "Tintin in Tibet", volunteering to sacrifice his life to save Tintin's own. By the time of their last completed and published adventure, "Tintin and the Picaros", Haddock had become such an important figure that he dominates much of the story.
Captain (Archibald) Haddock's ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock, is hinted at being the illegitimate son of the French Sun King (Louis XIV), a possible reference to Hergé's own family history—Hergé liked to believe that his father was the illegitimate son of the Belgian king Leopold II.
Name.
As Hergé was considering names for his new character, he asked his wife, Germaine, what she had cooked for dinner. She told him, “a sad English fish—haddock.” Hergé thought this was a perfect name for Tintin’s new mariner friend, and so Captain Haddock was born.
There was a real 20th-century ship's master bearing this unlikely but appropriate surname: Captain Herbert Haddock had been the skipper of the famous White Star Line's passenger vessel "Olympic". He had also been temporarily at the helm of Olympic's even more famous sister ship "Titanic" before "Titanic" was officially handed over to White Star for her doomed 1912 maiden voyage.
Another famous namesake, and a possible inspiration for the Captain's ancestor Sir Francis, was the English admiral Richard Haddock, a veteran of the Anglo-Dutch Wars. The grandfather of Richard Haddock, also a sea captain, commanded the ship of the line HMS Unicorn during the reign of Charles I.
Bianca Castafiore has a difficult time remembering Haddock's name. In "The Castafiore Emerald." she confuses his name with malapropisms such as "Paddock", "Harrock", "Padlock", "Hopscotch", "Drydock", "Stopcock", "Maggot", "Bartók", "Hammock", and "Hemlock".
The fictional Haddock remained without a first name until the last completed story, "Tintin and the Picaros" (1976), when the name "Archibald" was suggested.
Expletives.
At the time of Captain Haddock's introduction to the series in 1940, the character's manners presented a problem to Hergé. As a sailor, Haddock would need to have a very colourful vocabulary, but Hergé could not use any swear words as he knew his audience included children. The solution reportedly came when Hergé recalled how around 1933, shortly after the Four-Power Pact had come into being, he had overheard a market trader use the word "four-power pact" as an insult. Struck by this use of an "irrelevant insult", Hergé hit upon the solution of the Captain using strange or esoteric words that were not actually offensive, but which he would project with great anger, as if they were very strong curse words. These words ranged across a variety of subject areas, often relating to specific terms within scientific fields of study. This behaviour would in later years become one of Haddock's defining characteristics.
The idea took form quickly; the first appearance of the Haddockian argot occurred in "The Crab with the Golden Claws" when the Captain storms towards a party of Berber raiders yelling expressions like "jellyfish", "troglodyte" and "ectoplasm". This use of colourful insults proved successful and was a mainstay in future books. Consequently, Hergé actively started collecting these types of words for use in Haddock's outbursts, and on occasion even searched dictionaries to come up with inspiration.
As a result, Captain Haddock's colourful insults began to include "bashi-bazouk", "visigoths", "kleptomaniac", "sea gherkin", "anacoluthon", "pockmark", "nincompoop", "abominable snowman", "nitwits", "scoundrels", "steam rollers", "parasites", "vegetarians", "floundering oath", "carpet seller", "blundering Bazookas", "Popinjay", "bragger", "pinheads", "miserable slugs", "ectomorph", "maniacs", "pickled herring"; "freshwater swabs", "miserable molecule of mildew", and "Fuzzy Wuzzy", but again, nothing actually considered a swear word.
On one occasion, this scheme appeared to backfire. In one particularly angry state, Hergé had the captain yell the word "pneumothorax" (a medical emergency caused by the collapse of the lung within the chest). One week after the scene appeared in "Tintin" magazine, Hergé received a letter allegedly from a father whose boy was a great fan of "Tintin" and also a heavy tuberculosis sufferer who had experienced a collapsed lung. According to the letter, the boy was devastated that his favourite comic made fun of his own condition. Hergé wrote an apology and removed the word from the comic. Afterwards, the letter was discovered to be fake, written and planted by Hergé's friend and collaborator Jacques Van Melkebeke.
In addition to his many insults, the most famous of Haddock's expressions relate to any of a number of permutations of two phrases: ""Billions of bilious blue blistering barnacles!"" (""Mille millions de mille milliards de mille sabords!"") and ""Ten thousand thundering typhoons!"" (""Tonnerre de Brest!""). Haddock uses these two expressions to such an extent that Abdullah actually addresses him as "Blistering Barnacles" (""Mille sabords"" in the original version).
Émile Brami, biographer of Louis-Ferdinand Céline, claimed in a 2004 interview with the French book magazine "Lire" that Hergé took his inspiration from Céline's anti-Semitic pamphlet "Bagatelles pour un massacre" (1937) to create some of Haddock's expressions, as some of them ("aztec," "coconut," "iconoclast," "platypus") appeared explicitly in Céline's book.
Adaptations.
Captain Haddock was portrayed by Georges Wilson in "Tintin and the Golden Fleece", by Jean Bouise in "Tintin and the Blue Oranges", and by David Fox in "The Adventures of Tintin (TV series)".
On BBC Radio 4, he was portrayed by Leo McKern in Series One and by Lionel Jeffries in Series Two.
In both the 1960s and 1990s television series, Haddock spoke with an Irish accent. In the latter he was voiced by David Fox.
In the animated movie "Tintin and the Lake of Sharks", he was voiced by Claude Bertrand.
In the 2011 film "", Andy Serkis supplies the voice and motion capture performance of Captain Haddock (adopting a Scottish accent) as well as his ancestor, Sir Francis Haddock. Haddock is initially portrayed as a drunk, who is always in search of alcohol. Tintin endeavours to cure the captain of his alcoholism, but eventually discovers that it is an essential component of his character.

</doc>
<doc id="21438399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438399" title="Jijoca de Jericoacoara">
Jijoca de Jericoacoara

Jijoca de Jericoacoara () is the northernmost town and municipality in the Brazilian state of Ceará. It is famous for its homonymous beach and national park.
About Jericoacoara.
The word Jericoacoara comes from Tupi (an indigenous language) and means "house of turtles." It is a city of Ceará, a state renowned for its natural beauty, wildlife and many landscapes. Jericoacoara is a location with favorable conditions for windsurfing and sandboarding.
History.
A fact of some historical significance is the report of Vicente Yáñez Pinzón (Captain of "Nau" Niña, the fleet of Christopher Columbus), which anchored in the bay of Jericoacoara in 1499. But this was not official at the time as a result of the Treaty of Tordesillas, which was signed in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="21438408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438408" title="Franklin Avenue Station">
Franklin Avenue Station

Franklin Avenue Station can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21438410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438410" title="Andre Royal">
Andre Royal

Andre Tierre Royal (born December 1, 1972) is a former professional football player in the National Football League who played linebacker for five seasons for the Carolina Panthers and the Indianapolis Colts. Royal had 140 career tackles, 6 solo sacks, 4 forced fumbles and 2 Fumble Recoveries. Royal was traded to the Indianapolis Colts following several off-the-field incidents prior to the start of the season with The New Orleans Saints.
Royal, signed a guaranteed $4.085 million contract with the Saints as a free agent after previously attaining All-Pro status with the Carolina Panthers, and was expected to start at strong-side linebacker. He was replaced in the Saints' final exhibition game by backup Keith Mitchell.
After reporting to Saints training camp 20 or 30 players including Royal, were involved in a team publicized hazing event in La Crosse, Wisconsin. Several rookies, including Cam Cleveland, were hit with a pillowcase filled with coins as they had to walk through 20 to 30 players lined up on each side of a dormitory hallway.
Six players were singled out and named in a lawsuit including: Royal, Brady Smith, Brian Jones, Isaac Davis, Troy Davis, and Keith Mitchell. Defensive line coach, Walt Corey was also named as a defendant. Royal admitted to participating in the incident but said he did not hit the rookies with any objects as the defendants were accused of doing.
The Saints' settled with the injured player. The settlement covered all the players except Royal whose suit was dismissed.
After being accused of faking a head injury by Coach Mike Dikta in a team meeting; Dikta and Royal engaged in a highly publicized and televised shouting match. Dikta fined Royal $50,000 which Royal appealed to the NFL. Dikta was found to have been "baiting a player" and was fined $50,000.00 instead.
In the trade with the Colts, the Saints acquired tight end Scott Slutzker from the Colts for Royal, having been short-handed at that position because of injuries, including that of No. 2 draft pick Cam Cleeland.
Royal went on to star on the field for the Indianapolis Colts leading the Defense across from Offensive All-Pro, Peyton Manning. However after playing two seasons with the Colts, Royal's NFL Career came to an end from the affects of several head injuries. The Indianapolis Colts led by Jim Mora attempted to block Royal's retirement from the NFL due to the guaranteed contract he had signed. However Royal was allowed to retire after the Colts lost their suit against him on their bid to force Royal to play the last 2 years of his guaranteed contract.
Royal had offered to voluntarily give up the last 2 years salary on his 4 year contract with the Colts in exchange for being allowed to retire at the end of the season.
Despite Royal's official retirement from the NFL in 2001, several teams approached him about returning to the NFL including the Dallas Cowboys, who offered Royal a 2-year deal following his retirement.
Although Andre Royal never played football before moving to Northport, AL his 8th grade year in Jr. High School, he went on to earn a 4 year college scholarship to The University of Alabama where he studied Criminal Justice and play on the 1992 NCAA Division I National Football Championship Team. He also had an all pro career in the NFL, playing on the Inaugural Team of the Carolina Panthers and in several NFC Championship games.
CHILDREN: Tierra Andrena Royal

</doc>
<doc id="21438414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438414" title="Shami Chakrabarti">
Shami Chakrabarti

Sharmishta Chakrabarti CBE (born 16 June 1969) is, since September 2003, the director of Liberty, the British civil liberties advocacy organisation and, since July 2008, the Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University.
Early life.
Chakrabarti was born to Hindu-Bengali parents in the suburb of Kenton in the London Borough of Harrow. Her father, a bookkeeper, has been cited by Chakrabarti as an influence on her gaining an interest in civil liberties. She attended Bentley Wood High School, a girls' comprehensive school, then Harrow Weald Sixth Form College. Chakrabarti was an active member of the Social Democratic Party from 1985 to 1987. 
She studied Law at the London School of Economics, at one point acting as a research assistant to Leonard Leigh who wrote a paper on the British approach to terrorism and extradition; the paper was published in early 1997. After graduating with a Bachelor of Laws, Chakrabarti was called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1994. In 1996, she started working as a barrister for the Home Office.
On 10 September 2001, she joined the human rights organisation Liberty.
Chakrabarti is an alumna of the British-American Project, which promotes Anglo-American relations.
"Liberty".
After working as in-house counsel, Chakrabarti was appointed director of Liberty in 2003. As director, she has campaigned against what the pressure group sees as the "excessive" anti-terrorist measures that followed the 11 September 2001 attacks in the United States, such as the Anti-terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001 (ATCSA). The organisation is a prominent opponent of recent counter-terrorism legislation.
Chakrabarti is a frequently invited contributor to BBC Radio 4 and various newspapers on the topic of human rights and civil liberties. "The Observer" wrote that she puts in "seemingly endless appearances on "Question Time" and the rolling news bulletins". She was also described in "The Times" newspaper as "the most effective public affairs lobbyist of the past 20 years"
In December 2005, the BBC Radio 4 "Today" programme ran a poll of listeners to establish "who runs Britain." After many hours of debate, "Today" placed Chakrabarti on the shortlist of ten people "who may run Britain."
She was also shortlisted in the Channel 4 Political Awards 2006 for the "Most Inspiring Political Figure" award. It was voted for by the public and she came second to Jamie Oliver, above Tony Blair, David Cameron, George Galloway and Bob Geldof.
Andy Burnham controversy.
In June 2008, Andrew Burnham, then British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, made insinuations in an interview in "Progress" magazine at Shadow Home Secretary David Davis's resignation over the 42-day detention for terror suspects. Davis, a Conservative MP, was said by Burnham to have had "late-night, hand-wringing, heart-melting phone calls with Shami Chakrabarti." Chakrabarti received an apology from Burnham for his "innuendo and attempted character assassination".
Damian Green.
On 18 April 2009, it was reported in "The Times" and "The Daily Telegraph" that policemen who raided the parliamentary office of the Conservative frontbencher Damian Green and arrested him as part of an inquiry into the leaking of Home Office documents had searched through e-mails and computer documents going back a number of years using Chakrabarti's name as one of the keywords. "The Times" reported her as saying that she believed the actions of Scotland Yard's anti-terror squad "raises very serious questions about just how politicised, even McCarthyite, this operation was."
London School of Economics.
When the London School of Economics accepted a £1.5 million donation from Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, Chakrabarti was on the governing board of the institution. Chakrabarti stated that she did not "attend the 2009 Council meeting which approved a donation to the school from Saif Gaddafi's Foundation" and that she "only subsequently raised concerns about links with Mr Gaddafi, given his father's appalling regime." She went on to state that she did not think "the decision in question resulted from anything other than a naive assessment, made in good faith, of the democratic reforming ambitions of the dictator's son."
Howard Davies, LSE Director at the time, resigned over the issue, citing "personal error of judgement." Despite not being present at the meeting where the donation was approved, Chakrabarti was accused of 'hypocrisy' by the 'Student Rights' project of the Henry Jackson Society as being "the director of a human rights group while legitimizing murderous regimes" as a governor of the LSE, and they called for her (and others) to resign from the LSE. Anthony Glees, director of Buckingham University's Centre for Security and Intelligence Studies, also said Chakrabarti should resign. On 9 December 2011, Chakrabarti wrote to the Metropolitan Police asking them to investigate the legality of the donations. Chakrabarti admitted to feeling "bucketfuls" of embarrassment and shame about the affair and in April 2013 her spokesman confirmed that she had severed all ties with the LSE.
The Leveson Inquiry.
In July 2011, Chakrabarti was announced as one of the panel members of the Leveson Inquiry, a judicial inquiry into phone hacking in the UK. Chakrabarti described her invitation onto the Inquiry as 'a daunting privilege' and said it reflected Liberty's 'belief in an appropriate balance between personal privacy and media freedom and above all in the Rule of law'.
On behalf of Liberty, Chakrabarti welcomed the principal recommendation of a more robust and independent press self-regulator, but said Liberty would be unable to support the Report's last-resort alternative of compulsory statutory regulation.
She was one of two panel members to waive their right to claim fees or expenses for the duration of the inquiry.
Awards and honours.
Chakrabarti is Chancellor of Oxford Brookes University; Visiting Fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford; Honorary Fellow of Mansfield College, Oxford; and a Master of the Bench of Middle Temple. 
She has served as governor of the British Film Institute, and was a member of the Council and Court of Governors of the London School of Economics until April 2013.
She was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2007 Queen's Birthday Honours.
In a graduation ceremony on 21 July 2010, she received an honorary doctorate from the School of Law at University of Southampton.
On 13 July 2011, Shami Chakrabarti was recognised by the University of Glamorgan with an Honorary Doctorate for her contribution to "the protection of civil liberties and promotion of human rights in the United Kingdom."
On 18 July 2011 she received an honorary doctorate from Middlesex University in recognition of her achievements in the fields of law and human rights.
On 27 July 2012, Shami Chakrabarti was one of eight Olympic Flag carriers dressed in white at the London 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony. The announcer incorrectly described her as "the founder of Liberty."
In February 2013 she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4.
On 10 February 2014 she was made an Honorary Professor of Law at the University of Manchester. 
On 9 March 2014 she was included in "The Sunday Times"' "100 Makers of the 21st Century" list.
Personal life.
In 1995 Chakrabarti married Martyn Hopper, a city lawyer. The couple have one son and separated in 2012. She lives in Lambeth, South London.

</doc>
<doc id="21438415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438415" title="Mel Clark">
Mel Clark

Melvin Earl Clark (July 7, 1926 – May 1, 2014) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He attended college at Ohio University and was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1947. Clark played with the Phillies from to and with the Detroit Tigers in . He had 182 hits in 656 at bats with 3 home runs. Clark batted and threw right-handed.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21438416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438416" title="Sidewalk Blues">
Sidewalk Blues

Sidewalk Blues (subtitled Blues, Rags, Jazz & Spirituals) is an album by American guitarist Tim Sparks, released in 2009. It marks a return to 'roots' music for Sparks after three albums of klezmer and jazz recordings on the Tzadik Records label.
History.
After three releases on the Tzadik Records label, Sparks decided to return to his musical roots of North Carolina. In a quote from a story in "High Plains Reader", Sparks said “After "Masada Guitars" I wanted to revisit roots music. This record is something I’ve always wanted to make, but I needed the hindsight of thirty years to work on guitar to complete it... I reached a point where I realized I had a record here and that I had good arrangements of these songs.”
Sparks used a variety of guitars for the recording, including Collings, a custom-made Hoffman, Lakewood, 1954 Martin 00-17, and a 1917 Gibson L-3.
Reception.
"Guitar Player" noted the wonderful sound of the various guitars used and the "great arrangements and virtuoso performances" wrote "If you think you might go for swinging fingerstyle arrangements of blues tunes... you should take this disc for a spin." Music critic Chip O'Brien praised the variety of the album, writing Sparks "plows, punctuates, and pulses his way through a well-chosen batch of ragtime, jazz, country blues, and gospel with an individual flair and spirit to burn... a master of the instrument. His arrangements and performances of Louis Armstrong, Fats Waller, Jelly Roll Morton, and Bix Beiderbecke compositions are flawless, at times playful, and always soulful... A must have for fans of Tim Sparks and for anyone who loves fingerstyle guitar playing."

</doc>
<doc id="21438425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438425" title="What's It Worth">
What's It Worth

"What's It Worth?" is an early American television series that aired on the CBS Television network from 21 May 1948 and into 1949. The series was later revived in 1952, before finally finishing its run on 11 October 1953. 
The show was hosted by self-taught appraiser Sigmund Rothschild (1917-1991), who appraised antiques for celebrities. Rothschild also hosted a similar program called "Trash or Treasure?" (1952–53) on the DuMont Television Network. 
As the series title suggests, the audience submitted items of art, and Rothschild would tell them how much it was worth.

</doc>
<doc id="21438434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21438434" title="This is Emily Yeung">
This is Emily Yeung

This is Emily Yeung is a 2006 Canadian children's television series created by J.J. Johnson and Blair Powers. It is produced by Toronto's marblemedia and Sinking Ship Productions in association with Treehouse TV, and is the follow-up to their previous television series "This is Daniel Cook". Now Emily Yeung is currently going to high school.
This series follows six-year-old Emily Yeung as she takes on new experiences and challenges with her own unique perspective and with a variety of guests from a broad range of fields from snake handlers to basketball players to bakers. "This is Emily Yeung" airs on Treehouse TV in Canada and the Disney Channel in the United States. The series of sixty-five six minute episodes and two thirty minute specials has been sold by Distribution360 to eighty-eight countries and dubbed into fourteen languages including French, Spanish, Portuguese, and Japanese.
The first DVD, "This is Emily Yeung. Arts & Crafts" was released on May 13, 2008. A second DVD, "This is Emily Yeung. Celebrating the holidays" was released on October 21, 2008.

</doc>
