<doc id="21370904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370904" title="Wavefront Technology Solutions">
Wavefront Technology Solutions

Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. () is one of North America's largest providers of secondary oil recovery and environmental technologies. The company was founded in 1997 as PE-TECH by CEO Brett Davidson and University of Alberta professor Tim Spanos. The company was later changed to Wavefront Technologies and Environmental Services and then Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. and is known for its patented technology that sends pulses through the ground to simulate the effects of the aftershock of an earthquake to aid in the recovery of stranded oil. These technologies simulate the beating of a heart - when a heart pumps, it sends pulses through the bodies blood vessels, causing the network of capillaries to expand and contract. When a pulse is applied to the ground, it expands and contracts the porous rock, essentially freeing the trapped oil. This technology is used for fluid flow optimization having applications in both the environmental and energy sectors. In the environmental sector the process is marketed as Primawave, while in the energy sector it is marketed as Powerwave.
Powerwave technology has been put to use in more than 175 well applications throughout North America, including applications in California, Oklahoma and Alberta. Powerwave has already been used in the field by EnCana, Penn West Energy Trust, Pengrowth Energy Trust, BP, Chevron and Apache Corporation, among others.
Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta Canada and has offices in Calgary, Alberta and Cambridge, Ontario. The company also has offices in Houston, and Raleigh, North Carolina.
History.
Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc., was founded in 1997 under the name PE-TECH Inc. (Pulse Enhancement Technology Inc.). PE-TECH, a privately held company holding intellectual property operated three subsidiaries; Prism Production Technologies Inc., Wavefront Environmental Technologies Inc., and E2 Solutions Inc. (US subsidiary standing for "Energy and Environmental"). In 2000 the shareholders of the privately held PE-TECH Inc., entered into an agreement with a publicly listed company (or in this case a shell of a company) on the TSX Venture Exchange.
A reverse takeover of that entity transformed PE-TECH Inc., from a privately held company to a publicly traded company under the name Wavefront Energy and Environmental Services Inc. For consistency in name branding Prism Production Technologies was renamed Wavefront Reservoir Technologies Inc., Wavefront Environmental Technologies was rolled into Wavefront Reservoir Technologies Inc. and E2 Solutions Inc. was renamed Wavefront Energy and Environmental Services USA Inc. Effective March 27, 2009 the company’s name was changed to “Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc.”
Rationale.
Brett Davidson and University of Alberta professor Tim Spanos teamed up in 1997 to fulfill a need that they believed to exist in the onshore oil drilling industry. While working on oil well stimulation site in Alberta, Canada, Davidson heard from a friend in the industry that there was a need for fast, effective, and inexpensive stimulation treatment for oil wells.
After using the most sophisticated oil recovery techniques, oil companies only retrieve a fraction of the crude oil at their sites. The oil well will become too uneconomical to continue pumping because most of the remaining oil is stuck in the
nooks and crannies between the rock and sand.
Even after all work is done, around 60% of oil is left in the ground. With more than 200,000 fields in North America alone, extracting even as little as 10% more oil would translate to billions of more barrels of oil recovered.
Primary Oil Recovery Stage.
During primary recovery, the natural pressure of the reservoir or gravity drive oil into the wellbore, combined with artificial lift techniques (such as pumps) which bring the oil to the surface. But only about 10 percent of a reservoir's original oil in place is typically produced during primary recovery.
But petroleum isn’t the only thing trapped in the earth. Water hides there too. Sooner or later, the reservoir begins producing water, along with oil, and it becomes uneconomical to continue. The oil companies will then re-inject the water back into the reservoir. This stage of production is called secondary recovery.
Secondary Oil Recovery Stage.
Water injection helps maintain downhole pressure so that oil can continue to flow. Water from the injection well is also used to sweep or push the oil towards the producing wells. But rock in the reservoir has varying permeabilities; the more permeable the rock is, the more easily the fluid can flow through.
Unfortunately, water flows more readily than oil, and it always takes the path of least resistance. Once water creates a channel through the permeable rock to the producing wellbore, there is little benefit in injecting additional water. It only bypasses the oil instead of sweeping it ahead. The result is poor recovery from the reservoir.
Products and Technologies.
Wavefront Technology Solutions's patented technology was created to combat the “paths of least resistance”. In this way, the Powerwave and the Primawave share the same scientific principles. This technology, originally penned as "Power Pulse Technology", uses pulses to improve the liquid flow in the ground for improved oil recovery (IOR) in the energy sector and groundwater remediation in the environmental sector. These identical processes generate a fluid pulse that momentarily expands the pore structure of rock and soil. Liquid is then able to flow freely and more uniformly.
Early iterations of Wavefront Technology Solutions's Power Pulse Technology were penned the “Premier Pulse Tool”. The Premier Pulse Tool, or PPT for short, was a two-meter long steel mandrel with a valve system on top and inverted swab cups on the bottom.
Using a standard well servicing rig, the PPT would be lowered to a location above the well perforations. The tool would then be raised up eight meters and dropped. This was done between 200-550 times over eight to 12 hours.
This workover and field stimulation technique used steady, non-seismic pulse vibrations to knock out perforation blockage and create a tsunami-like wave effect that encouraged flow in the reservoir.
This technology, utilized in both the Powerwave and Primawave, generates a fluid pressure pulse that causes a momentary elastic flexure of the pore structure. This pressure pulse moves fluid in and out of a larger number of pore networks, obtaining a more uniform injection front.
Powerwave.
In the energy sector, Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. has patented the Power Pulse Technology as “Powerwave.” This process has been field-tested and proven to increase the amount of oil recovered from on shore oil wells, including low-producing or even abandoned fields.
Powerwave utilizes this technology to improve the flow of water through geological materials, including sedimentary soils and fractured rock. These materials are composed of a solid matrix and pore structure, which contain fluids such as gas and oil.
The Powerwave tool generates a fluid displacement wave in the porous media akin to ripples from a stone thrown in a pond. These ripples generate high liquid accelerations in the pores facing liquids out, or treatment fluids in.
In the ten plus years that the technology behind Powerwave has been developed by Wavefront Technologies and Environmental Services, it has evolved from a product that cost nearly $1 to make and had to be transported using two tractor trailers to one that can be shipped via courier. The Powerwave tool now is only one meter high and eight centimeters in diameter. Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. leases the product to oil companies and charges around $3,000 a month for a minimum 12-month period.
Powerwave’s ability to improve uniformity in oil wells has translated to higher production rates, extending the life of a field, and enhancing its value. In Texas, one recent field trial raised production rates from eight wells by 26%. A similar project in Alberta, Canada initially raised output by 18%.
Primawave.
In the environmental sector, Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. has patented the Power Pulse Technology as “Primawave.” Primawave is used largely in the United States. It is licensed to service providers to use the process in conjunction with established methods to treat and eliminate hazardous chemicals from contaminated groundwater.
NASA once used Primawave to clean up soil that had been contaminated with tetrachloroethylene (dry-cleaning fluid). In the 1960s NASA had used the hazardous chemical to remove the soot generated by rockets from the launch site.
Years after using the chemical, the area was saturated with carcinogens. NASA knew that a mixture including iron fillings would decontaminate the soil. NASA then used the Primawave to get the fillings into the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="21370911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370911" title="Nechemya Cohen">
Nechemya Cohen

Nechemiah Cohen is the most decorated soldier in the history of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF).[http://www.aka.idf.il/iturim/asp/search.asp?catId=Search] He shares this honour with close friend and former Prime Minister Ehud Barak, and Major Amitai Hason. He received five decorations - one Medal of Distinguished Service and four Chief Of Staff Citations. Cohen was killed in combat near the City of Gaza on June 5, 1967, the first day of the Six-Day War, aged 24.

</doc>
<doc id="21370912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370912" title="Dargaz">
Dargaz

Dargaz (, also Romanized as Dar Gaz; also known as Darreh Gaz; formerly, Moḩammadābād, Moḩammadābād Arbāb, and Muhammadābād) is a city in and the capital of Dargaz County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34,305, in 9,196 families. 
The town of Daregaz is situated from Tehran and from the center of Khorasan province. It is bound by Turkmenistan from the north, Mashhad from the east and southeast, Chanaran from the south, and Qoochan from the west. Daregaz, which was previously known as Mohammadabad, an area which can doubtless be placed among the most ancient centers of Iranian culture. Excavations in this mountainous site have revealed artifacts dating back as far as the Parthian and Sasanian periods, and pre-historic times. Numerous mounds and other ancient sites have also yielded much evidence of the site's rich historical and cultural inheritance. Throughout its history, the site has been known by a variety of names: Dara, Daragyard, Pavart in pre-Islamic Persia, and Bavard, Abivard after the Islamic expansion. With its rich bazaar and access to fertile lands, the city was considerably more prosperous than neighboring Nesa and was widely known as one of the largest and most affluent cities of the Great Khorasan area.
For the period before the advent of the Safavids (r. 1501-1722), the historic city of Abivard was one of the educational centers of Islamic and Arabic scholarship in eastern Iran. Under the Saljuqids, Muhammad b. Ahmad al-Abivardi (d. 1114), was one of the renowned poets and litterateurs who, later in his life, settled awhile in Baghdad, but on the account of his Shi'ite proclivities was persecuted by the Abbasids. He then attended the court of the Saljuq Sultan Muhammad and was appointed to the position of Chief Accountant of the court. Another contemporary famous name from Abivard is Ali b. Muhammad Anvari-Abivardi (d. circa 1191), one of the great classical poets of Iran. After the Mongol invasion of Iran and Iraq, Husam al-Din Abivardi (d. after 1324) is mentioned as one of the theologians attending the court of the Abbasid caliphs of Egypt.
External links.
Dargaz City News

</doc>
<doc id="21370923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370923" title="Loire-Atlantique's 5th constituency">
Loire-Atlantique's 5th constituency

The 5th constituency of Loire-Atlantique is a French legislative constituency in the Loire-Atlantique "département".

</doc>
<doc id="21370933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370933" title="Eugene Walter (playwright)">
Eugene Walter (playwright)

Eugene Walter (November 27, 1874 - d. September 26, 1941) was a playwright. He was the author of the hit play "The Easiest Way".
Biography.
He was born on November 27, 1874 in Cleveland.
He Served in the 1st Ohio Cavalry as a Private and was a veteran of the Spanish-American War.
He was married to actress Charlotte Walker in 1908 in Cincinnati, but the marriage ended in divorce in October 1923, when he secretly married Mary Kissel in Mexico. She was a New York artists' model.
He died on September 26, 1941 of cancer in Hollywood and was buried at the Los Angeles National Cemetery

</doc>
<doc id="21370944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370944" title="Robert L. Stone">
Robert L. Stone

Robert L. Stone (December 19, 1921 – January 28, 2009) was an American business executive who served as chief executive officer of The Hertz Corporation and ran the television division at Columbia Pictures. 
Born in New York City on December 19, 1921, Stone served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, where he enlisted in 1942. As a bombardier, he flew 40 combat missions in the Pacific and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Air Medal.
Stone was hired by a management consulting firm in 1946, after leaving his military service. In 1951, he was hired by the American Broadcasting Company, where he ultimately was named as vice president and general manager of WABC-TV, the network's flagship station in New York City. He was hired by the National Broadcasting Company in 1959, where he became general manager of the television network and president of the NBC radio network.
The RCA Corporation named him to serve as chairman and chief executive of Hertz in 1972, moving him over NBC, which was also owned by RCA at the time. In his tenure at Hertz, he grew the company's revenues from $21 million to $200 million by the time he left the firm in 1978. Stone was behind the decision to make O. J. Simpson the feature of the company's television and print advertising, in a series of well-known television commercials, including one in which he leapt over rows of seats in an airport, running through an airport terminal trying to get to his Hertz rental car, while a woman yelled, "Go O.J. Go!". Stone had been looking for a celebrity spokesman who would be a change from those who just talked at the camera. Many of the commercials in what started as a $12.6 million advertising campaign were run initially during telecasts of football games, with the slogan "The Superstar in Rent-A-Car".
Columbia Pictures hired him in 1978 as its chief operating officer, overseeing the studio's television division until his retirement in 1983.
Stone died at age 87 on January 28, 2009 at his winter home in Boca Grande, Florida due to heart failure. He married his second wife, the former Sheila Muldowny Bartle, in May 1968. In addition to his second wife, he was survived by his four children, two stepchildren and six grandchildren. Stone's first wife, Mary Elizabeth Lee, had died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="21370952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370952" title="Billy Heames">
Billy Heames

William "Billy" Henry Heames (July 1869 – 1939) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale and Stoke. A left-winger, he had an eleven-year career, scoring 28 goals in 249 games in all competitions. His sole honour was a Staffordshire Senior Cup win with Vale in 1898.
Playing career.
Heames played for Middleport Athletic before he joined Stoke in 1893. He made his debut in the Football League in a 4–1 defeat at Sheffield Wednesday on 7 December 1894. This was only appearance in the 1893–94 campaign before he forced his way into the side at the start of the 1894–95 season, making ten appearances at outside-left. However Joe Schofield swapped wings and Heames fell out of favour. He scored his first senior goal on 17 November 1894, in a 4–2 defeat by Small Heath at Muntz Street. He featured just twice in 1895–96, scoring one goal in a 5–0 win over Sunderland at the Victoria Ground. He was limited to three First Division appearances in 1896–97.
Heames joined nearby Midland League side Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1897. He was a member of the side that lifted the Staffordshire Senior Cup in 1898. At the end of the season the club was re-admitted into the Second Division. He went on to make 43 appearances in the 1898–99 season, scoring once in a 1–1 draw with Manchester City at the Athletic Ground. He hit eight goals in 39 games in 1899–1900, and then three goals in 36 games in 1900–01. He scored five goals in 38 appearances in 1901–02, including goals against Woolwich Arsenal and Newton Heath (later renamed Manchester United). Heames scored twice in 35 games in 1902–03 and four times in 38 games in 1903–04 but refused to re-sign for the club in the summer of 1904, thus leaving the club after amassing 254 appearances (191 in the football league) and 28 goals (18 in the football league).

</doc>
<doc id="21370956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370956" title="Gangiguana">
Gangiguana

Gangiguana armatus ("Armed Ganges Iguana") is an extinct genus of primitive iguanid from the Early Cretaceous of India, known primarily from bone fragments. One known whole specimen is a crushed individual that died while in the act of devouring a juvenile.

</doc>
<doc id="21370963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370963" title="Ebenezer Peck">
Ebenezer Peck

Ebenezer Peck (May 22, 1805 – May 25, 1881) was a lawyer and political figure in Lower Canada and the United States. He represented Stanstead in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1829 to 1834.
He was born in Portland, Maine, the son of Thomas Peck and Sarah Pierce, and came to Montreal with his parents at a young age. Peck was educated at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal, studied law with William Walker, was admitted to the Lower Canada bar in 1827 and set up practice in Stanstead and later Sherbrooke, Quebec. In 1833, he was named King's Counsel. Peck served as administrator for Charleston Academy in East Hatley; he was also inspector of schools for Drummond, Sherbrooke, and Stanstead counties. He did not take part in the vote on the Ninety-Two Resolutions. Peck subsequently left the province and moved to Chicago, Illinois.
He was a delegate to the first Democratic State convention in Illinois in 1835 and was chief advocate for the adoption of the convention system in the state. Peck was elected to the Illinois Senate in 1838 and to the Illinois House of Representatives in 1840. He left the Democratic party in 1853 and helped establish the state Republican Party in 1856. In 1858, he was elected to the state House of Representatives again as a Republican. He was named a judge in the United States Court of Claims in 1863 by President Lincoln and served until 1875. He died in Chicago at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="21370964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370964" title="Battle of Loyew (1649)">
Battle of Loyew (1649)

The Battle of Loyew (, ), was a battle of the Khmelnytsky Uprising. Near the site of the present-day town of Loyew in Belarus, a numerically superior force of Cossacks under the command of Cossack warleaders Stepan Pobodailo and Mykhailo Krychevsky was defeated by the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth forces under the command of hetman Janusz Radziwiłł. Radziwiłł was able to engage the Cossack forces before they merged. First, he defeated the army of Krychevsky, who was mortally wounded; then he defeated Pobodailo's army.
Before the battle.
A Cossack army under Stepan Pobodailo (Stiepan Podobajła) with a force of about 7,000 took Loyew in summer of 1649 and began using it as an operational base in the region, from which they staged a series of pillaging raids. Hetman Janusz Radziwiłł took the Lithuanian army (about 6,000 strong, including about 800 Polish hussars, 1,000 infantry, the rest, lighter cavalry) in the field to challenge him. 
Bohdan Khmelnytsky, leader of the Cossacks, learned about Radziwiłł's plans while besieging Zbarazh. He sent part of his forces, an army of about 10,000, under another Cossack leader, Mykhailo Krychevsky (Stanisław Krzeczowski), to support Podobajła against the Commonwealth.
On 23 July the Commonwealth army approached Loyew on the right bank of the Dnieper River. Pobodailo's fortified camp was on the left, and Radziwiłł decided to start a siege by shelling the Cossack's camp with his artillery over the river.
Battle.
When Radziwiłł learned of the approaching Cossack reinforcements under Krychevsky, he sent 2,000 of his cavalry to scout the enemy, but Krychevsky avoided them and attacked the main Commonwealth army. The Cossack assault was however broken by Commonwealth artillery and infantry fire. Radziwiłł then assaulted the Cossacks with his cavalry, but it was encircled by the Cossacks and would have been destroyed if the rest of the Commonwealth cavalry, returning from the failed scouting mission, hadn't arrived at that moment and turned the tables.
The remains of Krychevsky's army took up positions in a wagon fort. Initial attempts by the Commonwealth army to take the new Cossack positions failed. In the meantime, Pobodailo's troops crossed the river to help their allies, but were defeated by the Commonwealth. After that, the Commonwealth's final assault on the wagon fort succeeded, with the hussars dismounting and taking to battle on foot. Krychevsky, mortally wounded, was taken prisoner. Radziwiłł collected about 40 Cossack banner from the field. Samuel Orgelbrand gave Cossack losses at 3,000 men, 2 artillery pieces and 12 banners.
Aftermath.
Commonwealth forces retook control of the region, but lack of supplies prevented Radziwiłł from advancing on Kiev. 
Radziwiłl was rewarded by the king with possessions at Nevel, Sebezh and Krasne. Not content with those rewards, he would later betray the Commonwealth. 
Another battle would take place in the same area two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="21370972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370972" title="179th meridian west">
179th meridian west

The meridian 179° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 179th meridian west forms a great circle with the 1st meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 179th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="21370974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370974" title="Phil Gray (politician)">
Phil Gray (politician)

Philip Roy (Phil) Gray (born 20 April 1947) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2006 to 2009.
Born in Brisbane, Gray attended state schools before becoming a teacher, studying at the University of Queensland and the University of New England. A member of the Australian Labor Party, he was elected as the member for Gaven in the 2006 state election, defeating National Party member Alex Douglas, who had won the seat against Gray in a by-election earlier that year.
In late 2008, Gray earned himself some bad publicity when he was accused of two separate instances of "bullying", both of them against elderly women. In the first instance he threaten to sue an outspoken constituent who, at a public meeting in November 2008, said she would not be voting for Gray. This was followed in December by a legal threat against a Labor member, from whom he demanded $10,000 and an apology, for criticising him in an internal party report. His behaviour was denounced by Premier Anna Bligh and Gray was forced to publicly apologise for his actions.
The 2009 state election pitted Gray against Alex Douglas for the third consecutive time. On this occasion, Douglas, running under the banner of the newly formed Liberal National Party, narrowly emerged as the victor. Following his defeat, Gray angrily slammed what he perceived as negative and "biased" coverage of him by the Gold Coast Bulletin.

</doc>
<doc id="21370979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370979" title="Pico do Papagaio">
Pico do Papagaio

Pico do Papagaio is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, at .

</doc>
<doc id="21370987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370987" title="Battle of Loyew">
Battle of Loyew

Battle of Loyew (Łojów) can refer to two battles of the Khmelnytsky Uprising:

</doc>
<doc id="21370997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370997" title="Glaukomflecken">
Glaukomflecken

Glaukomflecken simply means glaucoma flecks. It is anterior subcapsular or capsular opacity of the lens associated with focal epithelial infarct from past acute angle closure glaucoma. Other name include "Cataracta Disseminata subepithilias" or "Glaukomatosa Acuta".
Etiology.
Lens Epithelial necrosis due to high pressure within the anterior chamber pushing against the iris overlying the lens epithelium resulting in mechanical damage or accumulation of toxin within the epithelium which resulted in epithelial necrosis and therefore anterior lens opacity.
Symptoms and sign.
The lens opacity can be visualized with a slit lamp and since the opacity occurs usually within the visual axis or pupillary aperture, visual impairment is a possibility. Since glaucomflecken is associated with acute angle-closure glaucoma, sign for the latter can be present such as shallow anterior chamber, closed angle, hypermetropia etc.
Case Example and Image.
Glaucomflecken in primary acute angle closure glaucoma.

</doc>
<doc id="21371035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371035" title="Chris Cvetkovic">
Chris Cvetkovic

Chris Cvetkovic (born June 28, 1977 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a retired Canadian football long snapper. He was originally signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders as an undrafted free agent in 2002. Claimed off the Riders' practice roster by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers during the 2003 playoffs, he played 10 seasons in Winnipeg until retiring. He played CIS Football for Concordia.
Cvetkovic announced his retirement on February 10, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21371056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371056" title="James Dixon &amp; Sons">
James Dixon &amp; Sons

J Dixon & Sons (James Dixon & Sons) founded 1806 in Sheffield, was one of the major British manufacturers in the Industrial Revolution of the 19th century. They were the best-known manufacturer of Britannia metal, and also the world leader in manufacturing shooting accessories thru the late Victorian era , and numerous other items from precision tools to aircraft propellors, They were particularly known as whistle makers, known for their outstanding quality; they were one of the 4 great whistle makers, the others being W Dowler & Sons, J Stevens & Son & T Yates. 
It was located first at Silver Street (1806), Cornish Place (1822) Sheffield .
Their registered trade mark since 1879 was a Trumpet with a Banner hanging from it. Although registered in 1879, the "Trumpet with Banner" logo was used for many years before registration
and appears on many of their silver plate pieces. Besides whistles, they were one of the foremost names in silver plate and sterling tableware including silver tea services and hollowware pieces. They also made silver ware serving pieces and had a wide catalogue of patterns. Their tea sets and hollowware pieces are very valuable as antiques.
The firm continued to be a family run enterprise until 1976. .
In 1915 the company sold its stock to an Italian Co. and ceased manufacturing shooting accessories.
Since 1976 The company was purchased and was in an American ownership.
Whistles.
Early history.
Whistles first appeared in a Dixon catalogue in 1883 though some of their whistles appeared in gun, rifles & sporting goods catalogs of American manufacturers & distributors as early as 1872 for calls made of Britannia metal,
Early models of Dixon horn made Round pea whistle were in use with carriage drivers & railway conductors since the 1840s and mailmen of the Post Office as early as 1850 .
Models, whistle types & Materials.
Dixon manufactured whistles of Sterling Silver, German silver (also known as nickel silver), gun metal, Britannia metal, ivory, and horn, often using cocoa wood for fipples, A unique feature by which their round pea whistles can be identified.
Dixon models were intended mostly for outdoor sporting goods, such as hunting related dog calls, shooting gadgets combination whistles, extractors of various kinds and round whistles (in multiple sizes of over 50 different models), Beaufort whistles & double chamber type . D Dixon did not make Escargot-type whistles. It was not known that Dixon & Sons made general service whistles (GSWs) until 2006 when one was discovered.
At 1938 The family donated a collection of whistles made by Dixon to the City of Sheffield, the collection is displayed at the City Hall and pictured at a brochure about Sheffield's arm accsesories makers.( See Picture in External link ).
Body stamps.
Most of the Dixon whistles found are not stamped, as it was not customary to stamp whistles in the earlier Victorian era, except for the ones made of sterling silver . 
As a result all of Dixon stamped whistles are very rare; the ones stamped J. Dixon & Sons are be a bit less rare than the others, as is the Dixon Logo of Trumpet and Banner. 
Stamps found on their whistles are: " Durham county constabulary " on Tappered round whistles, some refer to as short Beauforts. 
Distributors name stamps found include "C. Parker Late Merry Parker & Merry", "Merry Phipson & Parker", "C. Parker", " Priest Oxford St.", "F. Sykes", "Patstone Southampton", "Swaine & Co. London" . The stamps: "Nimrod " and " Patent No.33196 " (Moffatt's patent 11396 of 1887) are to be found on extractors and shooting gadgets as well as stamps of numbers 8, 12, & 16, showing the extractor (puller) gauge. 
Some rare sterling silver whistles are found with the standard British silver hallmarks of the time and initials "J.D & Sons".

</doc>
<doc id="21371057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371057" title="L &amp; N Steam Locomotive No. 152">
L &amp; N Steam Locomotive No. 152

The L & N Steam Locomotive No. 152 is a historic 4-6-2 Pacific Class locomotive on the National Register of Historic Places, currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven, Kentucky, in southernmost Nelson County, Kentucky. It is the oldest known remaining 4-6-2 Pacific to exist. It is also the "Official State Locomotive of Kentucky", designated as such on March 6, 2000.
The L&N #152 was built in 1905 at Paterson, New Jersey by the Rogers Locomotive Works, with 6256 as its Rogers Construction Number. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad purchased #152 and four identical Pacifics at the cost of $13,406 apiece. Pleased with their five Pacifics, the L&N purchased forty more, which the Rogers Locomotive Works (by now owned by the American Locomotive Company) sold to the L&N between 1906 and 1910.
Originally, the L&N #152 serviced stations in Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, and Tennessee. It pulled Theodore Roosevelt's campaign train between Louisville and Cincinnati in 1912. When more powerful trains were purchased by the L&N in the 1920s, the Pacifics were assigned to the Gulf Coast, a geographic flatter area. Railroad logs prove that #152 was one of the many "Pan American" passenger service. The #152 also pulled the car holding Al Capone on his way to Alcatraz. As time went on, the #152 was used for less and less important routes. On February 17, 1953, the #152, the last surviving "K" class Pacific, was retired by the L&N, with its fate uncertain. During this time it was stored at Mobile, Alabama. L&N President John E. Tilford personally ordered the locomotive to not be destroyed and turned to scrap.
Eventually the #152 was sent to the Kentucky Railway Museum, then located at 1837 East River Road in Louisville, Kentucky; it was one of the museum's first pieces. For thirty years it remained inoperative. After thirteen years of work, in September 1985 it was again in working condition, thanks to funding by the National Park Service and the Brown Foundation. On April 26, 1986 it was again in service, pulling seven railcars with a total of 365 passengers. While being refurbished, it stayed at the River Road location when the rest of the museum moved to its new location at Ormsby Station.
As of Saturday 10 September 2011, #152 is withdrawn from service for the rest of the 2011 season due to boiler issues. Railway staff have expressed skepticism that it will be able to return for future use without major work for which funding is not currently available.
When it was originally placed on the National Register, it was located at the Kentucky Railway Museum's original location in Louisville, Kentucky. When the museum relocated to New Haven, L&N #152 came with it. The L & N Steam Locomotive No. 152 is one of four rail vehicles at the Kentucky Railway Museum on the National Register. The others are the Frankfort and Cincinnati Model 55 Rail Car, the Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665, and the Mt. Broderick Pullman Car.

</doc>
<doc id="21371058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371058" title="Erskine Leigh Capreol">
Erskine Leigh Capreol

Erskine Leigh Capreol (September 17, 1898 – January 7, 1963) was a Canadian aviator.
Career.
Born in Ottawa, Ontario on September 17, 1898, Erskine Leigh Capreol enlisted on adulthood in the Canadian Army, serving with various battalions of the Canadian Expeditionary Force in France until he completed cadet training at Oxford, England and, in 1917, joined the Royal Flying Corps (RFC). A flying instructor, he was left dependent on a cane by an aircraft accident that required a year and a half stay in a hospital. He was not certified medically fit to fly until 1927, seven years after taking work at the American Bank Note Company at Ottawa. He joined the Royal Canadian Air Force at Camp Borden, Ontario as a flight instructor for slightly over a year before he took work at de Havilland Aircraft of Canada Limited as chief test and demonstration pilot, in charge of testing and displaying new aircraft. In 1934, he became General Manager and Chief Pilot of Capreol and Austin Airways, formed by J.A.M. and Charles Austin. With this company, he flew chartered flights into northern Ontario and Quebec, but only a year later returned to testing and demonstration, for Noorduyn Aviation Limited, Montreal, Quebec. He performed the first flight test of the Noorduyn Norseman, the first Canadian bushplane designed to withstand harsh Canadian flight conditions. While on loan from Noorduyn, he also tested the first Lysander aircraft built at National Steel Car, Malton, Ontario and was involved with the first flight of the North American Yale trainer. When he tired of flying, he became manager of Dorval Airport. He died at Baie D'Urfe, Quebec on January 7, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="21371063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371063" title="Stirling Hinchliffe">
Stirling Hinchliffe

Stirling James Hinchliffe (born 23 November 1970) is an Australian politician. Born in Dalby, Queensland, he was educated at state schools and received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Queensland. He was a property industry analyst, policy manager, policy advisor and executive officer before his entry into politics. He had a long involvement with the Australian Labor Party, which included a position as National Secretary of Young Labor in 1995. In the 2006 Queensland state election, he was elected to the safe Labor seat of Stafford, which he represented until being defeated in the State Elections 24 March 2012. Stirling has been pre-selected as the Labor candidate for the seat of Sandgate in the up-coming Queensland State Election.

</doc>
<doc id="21371075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371075" title="Very Slender Vessel">
Very Slender Vessel

A Very Slender Vessel is a high speed, wave piercing craft. A standard high speed boat produces an extremely uncomfortable ride over long, high-speed transits in high seas. 
A Very Slender Vessel is capable of speeds of more than . They are cylindrical, with a small cross-section that can punch straight through waves, rather than going over or through the top of them.
When traditional deep V-hulled boats travel at high speed in rough conditions, they jump from wave to wave and land with high vertical acceleration or g-force. As the speed of the vessel increases or the sea gets rougher, the g-force on landing increases. Peak readings regularly exceed 20 g which is sufficient to cause injury to the personnel and damage to the vessel and its equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="21371079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371079" title="Kenichi Takahashi">
Kenichi Takahashi

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371086" title="Rosa García">
Rosa García

Rosa Gisella García Rivas (born 21 May 1964) is a retired women's volleyball player from Peru. She participated in several Summer Olympics with the Peruvian national team, finishing 4th in 1984 and receiving a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
García was named to carry the Peruvian National Flag in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371098" title="NWT/Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
NWT/Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The NWT/Yukon Scotties Tournament of Hearts is the regional women's curling championship for the Northwest Territories and Yukon. The winning team represents Team NWT/Yukon at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.

</doc>
<doc id="21371137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371137" title="Wilbur Dam">
Wilbur Dam

Wilbur Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Watauga River in Carter County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is one of two dams on the river owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority. The dam impounds Wilbur Lake, which extends for about up the Watauga to the base of Watauga Dam. Completed in 1912, Wilbur Dam was one of the first major hydroelectric projects in Tennessee, and remains one of the oldest dams in the TVA system (only Ocoee Dam No. 1 is older).
Wilbur Dam is a concrete gravity overflow dam high and long, and has a generating capacity of 10,700 kilowatts. The dam's spillway has four radial gates with a combined discharge of . The dam is located at just over above the mouth of the Watauga, a few miles upstream from Elizabethton, Tennessee. 
In 1907, the Doe River Light & Power Company began purchasing land rights for construction of Wilbur Dam, although the company struggled with finances and sold the project to the Watauga Power Company in 1910. Watauga Power completed the dam in just two years, and found a ready market for the dam's electricity at nearby Elizabethton. In 1927, the dam was purchased by the Tennessee Central Service Company, which changed its name to East Tennessee Light & Power Company two years later. The flood of August 1940 overtopped the dam and destroyed its powerhouse, and five years later, East Tennessee Light & Power sold its assets, including Wilbur Dam, to the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
Wilbur Dam was originally equipped with a flashboard-controlled spillway (similar to nearby Nolichucky Dam). In 1947, TVA outfitted the dam with a new gate-controlled spillway and raised it to accommodate the tailwaters of Watauga Dam, which was then nearing completion. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371192" title="Cork senior hurling team season 2008">
Cork senior hurling team season 2008

The 2008 season was the Cork senior hurling team's 121st consecutive season appearing in the Championship, and their 77th season appearing in the National Hurling League. After losing to Waterford in both the Munster and All-Ireland championships the previous year, Cork were out to make amends for these shortcomings. The season began badly as both Cork Gaelic football team went on strike due to the withdrawal of the right of the manager to pick his own selectors. The Cork hurling panel also withdrew their services in sympathy, resulting in a less than impressive start to the hurling campaign. The 2008 season was ultimately seen as a failure as Cork failed to reach the final of any competition.
National League games.
---- 
Championship games.
Vs Tipperary.
Tipperary created history at Pairc Ui Chaoimh on this occasion as they won their county's first championship match in Cork since 1923. A Ben O'Connor goal and three Cathal Naughton points had Cork leading by 1-08 to 0-04 but Tipp, thanks to a dominant spell late in the half, only trailed by 1-08 to 1-07 at half-time. Tipp, taking their unbeaten run this season to 11 wins and two draws, scored eight of the game's final nine points to power to victory. Team captain Eoin Kelly rocketed home a goal in the 24th-minute, leaving his marker Brian Murphy and goalkeeper Donal Óg Cusack gasping. Kelly finished with a personal tally of 1-07 and was ably assisted by Lar Corbett (0-04) and championship debutant Séamus Callinan (0-03).
Vs Dublin.
An opportunistic goal from Joe Deane proved crucial at Páirc Uí Chaoimh as Cork fended off a wholehearted Dublin side to progress to the fourth round of the All-Ireland SHC qualifiers. The Rebels, who had an early wind advantage, were 0-10 to 0-06 ahead at half-time with free-taker David O'Callaghan (0-05) top-scoring for the Dubs. Not many observers would have predicted such a hard-fought game as 'the Dubs' proved once again that they can live with the top-tier counties.
Vs Galway.
Facing each other in the Championship for the first time since the 2005 All-Ireland final, this was a game that both Cork and Galway's seasons rested upon and quite possibly the futures of their respective managers. Ger Loughnane's side got off to a poor start, going 0-04 to 0-00 behind with the Cork forwards all on target. Ten minutes in however, Joe Canning got Galway into contention as he shrugged off the challenge of Diarmuid O'Sullivan and sneaked a stunning shot past Dónal Óg Cusack for his first goal. Some time later a swift Galway attack ended with Alan Kerins batting the sliotar to the Cork net but referee Barry Kelly had already blown his whistle before the goal was scored. Kelly penalised Cork 'keeper Cusack for a foul on Kerins. The foul earned Cusack his second yellow card, Cork were suddenly down to 14 men and they had a penalty to defend. After converting the penalty Canning had 2-04 to show for the first 35 minutes. In the second-half Galway struggled to pull away and Cork managed to heap the pressure on them with a run of six successive points. Loughnane's team threw everything they had at their opponents in the closing ten minutes. Canning tried his heart out, firing over three late points but Ben O'Connor had the last word when he split the posts with a superb effort from near the sideline.
Vs Clare.
For the third weekend in-a-row Cork faced a win-or-bust championship game. A feature of the opening quarter was Cork full-back Diarmuid O'Sullivan's struggle to keep tabs on the elusive Niall Gilligan. Wides blighted Clare's play in the Munster final and wayward shooting was again threatening to derail them on this occasion. The tempo of the game increased as Barry Nugent turned onto his right and pointed. A brace of points came from Pat Donnellan and Clare then turned on the afterburners to score 1-04 without reply. Eight points in arrears and staring at an embarrassing championship exit, half-time came at just the right time for Cork. Just as they did when they were in trouble at the break in the Galway game, Cork rallied superbly with a brillinat second half performance. Incredibly, the deficit was back to just four points - 1-11 to 1-07 - within three minutes of the restart. Timmy McCarthy followed up with a timely goal. A short while later Clare were just about keeping Cork at arm's length. As the clock ticked towards 70 minutes, Cork never really looked assured. Searching for that levelling point, Clare wer eleft wanting. It was left to Neil Ronan to confirm crestfallen Clare's exit from the championship as he landed the insurance point in the 72nd minute.
Vs Kilkenny.
In a unique fixture Cork’s All-Ireland semi-final meeting with Kilkenny was the first time in the history of the championship that both sides met outside of the All-Ireland final. Kilkenny were hoping for a victory to keep their three-in-a-row dream on track, while Cork were hoping to deny 'the Cats' a spot in the championship decider and a chance to go one ahead of Cork in the all-time roll of honour. The game began evenly enough and the sides were level six times in the opening twenty-one minutes. Just on the half-hour mark Eoin Larkin found himself in space for a Kilkenny goal to give his side a 1-09 to 0-06 lead. While Cork came back for a brief time in the second half, the deadly accuracy of Henry Shefflin made sure that a victory for 'the Cats' was always going to be the outcome. The nearest Cork came to closing the gap in the second half was to make it a five-point margin. But a great point by Martin Comerford showed that Kilkenny were ready to step up a further gear as they swept to a comprehensive win.

</doc>
<doc id="21371201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371201" title="Nespolino">
Nespolino

Nespolino is an Italian liqueur made from the seeds of the loquat fruit. It has bitter taste reminiscent of other Italian seed-based bitter liqueurs such as amaretto and nocino, both prepared from nuts and apricot kernels. Both the loquat seeds and the apricot kernels contain cyanogenic glycosides, but the drinks are prepared from varieties that contain only small quantities (such as Mogi and Tanaka), so there is no risk of cyanide poisonings.

</doc>
<doc id="21371212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371212" title="Koji Shimizu">
Koji Shimizu

<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371213" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2006)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2006)

The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2006, by order of first appearance.
Aadi Alahan.
Aadi Alahan is one of the twins born to Sunita (Shobna Gulati) and Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) on 13 January 2006. He leaves with his mother and sister Asha (Tanisha Gorey) soon after he is born. In December 2009, Aadi returns to the Street with Sunita and Asha. 
Aadi moves into his father's flat in March 2010, after his parents reconcile. Aadi and Asha think that it would be funny if Aadi goes out onto the balcony of Flat 6, Victoria Court. Sunita tries to get him inside but the door jams. Dev tries and breaks the door handle. After many attempts to open the balcony door, they fail but Graeme Proctor (Craig Gazey) is riding by and rescues Aadi just as Sunita is going to call 999.
In August 2010, Aadi is pushed by Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) and bangs his head, as they play a game, while Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent) is babysitting with Sian Powers (Sacha Parkinson). He is later rushed to hospital, when he loses consciousness as a result of the injury. When the doctors find another bruise on Aadi (as a result of Dev pulling him off the road when a car nearly ran him over some days before), social services are contacted. Immediately they suspect Dev and Sunita of child abuse and Aadi, along with Asha, is taken into temporary care. Dev and Sunita's names are later cleared of any wrongdoing when Simon admits that he hurt Aadi.
Around September 2011, it becomes clear to Dev that Aadi is a talented golfer. He persuades Sunita to allow him to nurture their son's talent although Sunita is unsure as Dev's golf is already becoming very expensive. Sunita finally agrees on the condition that, if Dev is happy to spend money on Aadi and his golf, he needs to be willing to splurge an equal amount on Asha.
Asha Alahan.
Asha Alahan is one of the twins born to Sunita (Shobna Gulati) and Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) on 13 January 2006. She leaves with her mother and brother Aadi Alahan (Zennon Ditchett) soon after she is born. Asha returns to the Street in December 2009 with Sunita and Aadi. Upon Asha's return, Sunita thinks that she may have measles, after having spots and a temperature. Sunita's doctor from 2004, Dr Patel (Josephine Lloyd-Welcome), from Rosamund Street Medical Centre visits her home and, much to the relief of a worried Dev and Sunita, she is not suffering from measles, just a virus.
In September 2010, Asha is taken into temporary care, along with her brother, when social services believe that Dev and Sunita may be abusing Aadi. She is soon returned to her parents when it becomes clear that Dev and Sunita are innocent.
In late July 2012 Dev and Sunita separate after Sunita has an affair with Karl Munro (John Michie) and chooses to be with him. Asha and her brother meet Karl and he promises both Asha and Aadi that he won't get in the way of seeing their father. The children later see Dev attacking Karl when Dev confronts Sunita and Karl.
Jo.
Jo is a character whom David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) gets chatting to when she moves into the flat above the bookies. She then offers David a part-time job with flexible hours and good money, which he accepts. David tells his mother Gail (Helen Worth) that he is walking Jo's dog for her. Meanwhile, David tells Craig Harris (Richard Fleeshman) that dog walking is only part of his job for Jo. He shows Craig the cannabis farm which Jo has installed in her flat and pays him to look after.
The police later raid Jo's flat and discover the drugs. David is arrested but is later released when he insists that he knew nothing about the drugs. Jo disappears and is never seen again.
DS Phil Campbell.
Detective Sergeant Phil Campbell is a police officer. Campbell is first seen investigating a hit-and-run accident in which an elderly man was killed. He arrests Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) for causing death by dangerous driving and Steve implicates his girlfriend Ronnie Clayton (Emma Stansfield) who is the actual culprit and is subsequently arrested. The following month, Campbell questions Danny Baldwin (Bradley Walsh) on suspicion of fraud after it is revealed he had forged a will in order to get his father Mike (Johnny Briggs), who suffered from Alzheimers disease, to leave him his factory. In January 2007, Campbell arrests Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) and charges her with the murder of Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). Campbell questions Tracy's neighbours Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth) and Gail Platt (Helen Worth) both of whom claim Charlie was subjecting Tracy to domestic violence and abuse. Campbell also questions Charlie's friend Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) who tells them that Tracy staged a deliberate row in order to get the police involved. David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) later visits the police station and tells Campbell that he witnessed Tracy kill Charlie in self-defence after he had attacked her with a knife. David also tells Campbell that Charlie had attempted to abduct him in his van and had also attempted to drown him in his bath. Campbell later speaks to Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) who witnessed the abduction attempt and Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie) who witnessed the attempted drowning and they both back David's story up. Campbell was last seen investigating the arson attack at Leanne Battersby's (Jane Danson) restaurant "Valandros" committed by chef Paul Clayton (Lee Booth). After Paul reports himself and Leanne to the police, Campbell arrests Leanne and questions her and her boyfriend Dan Mason (Matthew Crompton) gives her an alibi.
In October 2004, Cargill played a police officer called DC Paul Campbell, who arrested Dev (Jimmi Harkishin) and Sunita Alahan (Shobna Gulati) on their wedding day on suspicion of being illegal immigrants and falsely marrying to gain a visa. It is not known whether this was the same character under a different name. 
Brian Tully.
Brian Tully thinks that Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) is his son but left when he realized that he isn't. In 2006, Sean begins visiting his father until he learns the truth.
Maureen Tully.
Maureen Tully is Sean Tully's (Antony Cotton) mother. She lies to her son saying that Brian Tully (Tim Healy) is his real father, Sean's real father is unknown, but she then tells him it was a plumber named Paul Jones that she had met at a dance.
Freddie Peacock.
Frederick Thomas "Freddie" Peacock (né Thomas Duncan) is the son of Ashley (Steven Arnold) and Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth). Claire suffers from post natal depression after Freddie is born, refusing to believe that Freddie is her child. On one occasion, she pushes his pram into the path of an oncoming vehicle and tries to return him to the hospital. She is sectioned until she is well enough to come home. 
In October 2006, Claire announces that she would like to change his name from Thomas to Freddie, after his paternal grandfather Fred Elliott (John Savident) who died the week before. In December 2006, he is christened Frederick Thomas with Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) as godmother and Roy Cropper (David Neilson) as his godfather.
In May 2007, a fire starts in Freddie's bedroom. Claire is rescued from the burning building but Freddie is not found until later that day, wrapped up in a local park. It is revealed that the fire was started deliberately by use of an accelerant. Originally, this storyline was to last several months but was rewritten to avoid upsetting the family of Madeleine McCann, who disappeared two weeks previously. In September 2007, the identity of Freddie's abductor is revealed to be Claire's former friend, Casey Carswell (Zoe Henry). Casey abducts Freddie and takes him to the balcony of her flat where she threatens to jump with him. Freddie is rescued unharmed and Casey is arrested.
When a tram crashes on to the Street on 6 December 2010, Ashley is killed when the roof of 'The Joinery' Bar collapses and he is crushed by the debris. Freddie and Joshua are subsequently left without a father. In January 2011, Claire attacks Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) after she makes insulting remarks about Ashley and after Becky McDonald (Katherine Kelly) is arrested for assaulting Tracy and leaving her for dead, she confesses to the police. Her friends persuade her to leave the country to avoid a prison sentence and take her sons with her. Freddie, Claire and Joshua leave for France on 14 January 2011.
Mr. Griffin.
Mr. Griffin is the Headmaster at Weatherfield High and commonly appears in storylines concerning David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) when he attends the school, and more recently Chesney Brown (Sam Aston). Mr. Griffin made his most recent appearance when Chesney's sister Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine) was about to punch Kenzie Judd (Jack Cooper) for bullying him.
Cameron McIntyre.
Cameron McIntyre is a school friend of Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) and Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent), often causing trouble. 
When he first appears, Sophie doesn't really like him. Later that day, the trio prank-call all the contacts on Sophie's mother's Sally's (Sally Dynevor) phone, and Sophie begins to develop a crush on him. On Chesney's 12th birthday party, Sophie is quietly upset that Cameron can't attend. However, to Sophie's relief, he turns up later on with a card for Chesney, and they go out again. Later on, Sophie, Chesney and Cameron hang out at Sophie's house to watch Chesney's step-dad's horror film. The film is found by Sally who orders the trio outside to play, annoying Chesney's mother Cilla (Wendi Peters). In the ginnel later that week, Sophie and Chesney meet up with Cameron again and soon find out he has cigarettes in hand. Chesney refuses to smoke, but Sophie takes a cigarette but unfortunately, Sally smells tobacco and sends Chesney away as he hides the cigarettes. Cameron and Chesney briefly fall out, but become friends again and go to watch films with Sophie. The trio are caught again by Sally and Chesney is sent packing. When Sally discovers £5 is missing from her money, she assumes Chesney stole it. Sophie is the one who took the money to buy cigarettes for her and Cameron, and when Sophie tells Cameron that she is going to tell her mother what happened, he makes an excuse to go home to avoid getting into trouble and runs away from the street, leaving Sophie devastated.
Cameron is no relation to Joe (Reece Dinsdale) and Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan).
Slug.
Slug (real name Neil Ackroyd) is an old friend of Becky Granger's (Katherine Kelly), who first appears in December 2006. He is a drug dealer and user who takes advantage of Becky. In June 2009 Slug returns, apparently a reformed man. It is later revealed that he is working for DC Hooch, a police officer who is an enemy of Becky's and wants her in prison. Slug plants drugs on Becky and she is subsequently arrested. Becky's fiancé Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and his collegaue and friend Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) find out about Slug's involvement and track him down. They bundle him into a car, drive him back to the street and question him. When they bring him to Hooch, Hooch decides to drop the charges, scared Slug will tell the police about him.
Sonny Dhillon.
Sundeep "Sonny" Dhillon is played by Pal Aron. Sonny is Michelle Connor's (Kym Marsh) millionaire boyfriend. It comes to light that Sonny has relationship history with Sean Tully (Antony Cotton), in that they had previously been dating, with Sonny admitting to being bisexual. On the Streetcars lads night out Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) spots Sean and Sonny kissing. In late February 2007, Sonny proposes to Michelle. While she is in The Rovers celebrating, a jealous Steve tells her that Sonny is gay, however, she does not believe him. When Michelle's brother Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) hears Steve's allegation, he confronts him, with Steve sticking by what he saw. An unsure Liam questions Sean at work with Sean claiming nothing is going on. The same day, Liam and his brother Paul (Sean Gallagher) confront Sean a second time, forcing him to tell the truth. They then frogmarch Sean to the pub to tell Michelle the truth. Sean does so, with Michelle bursting into tears, shocked at what she is hearing. An oblivious Sonny arrives at Michelle's that night, ready to take her out. A crying Michelle tells Sonny she knows about him and Sean, before giving him back her engagement ring. Sonny then leaves in shame.
When Michelle's son Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson) discovers the gay affair, he steals Sonny's car and takes it for a joyride. The police find out but Sonny doesn't press charges. After Michelle discovers the affair, Sonny goes to Sean but Sean rejected him. Sonny walks out of number 11 and hasn't been seen since.
Holly Grimshaw.
Holly Grimshaw first appears on Christmas Day 2006 when her mother Emma (Stephanie Waring) dumps her on Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) claiming that he is her father, the product of a one-night stand. Jason's mother Eileen (Sue Cleaver) bonds with the baby who they name Holly because of the day she arrived, Jason then bonds with her too and enjoys being a father and a family with his fiancée Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) and her daughter Bethany.
When Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) is murdered in January 2007, Jason is upset as he has lost one of his closest friends. The trial of his murderer Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) reaches the newspapers and Holly's mother Emma hears about it and realises that the man who is Holly's father is in fact Charlie and he had given Jason's name instead. She returns to re-claim Holly but Eileen refuses and threatens a custody battle. However, she hands her over on 25 April 2007. Shortly after she leaves, her half-sibling is born (child of Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay) and Charlie).

</doc>
<doc id="21371236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371236" title="Hell Squad (1958 film)">
Hell Squad (1958 film)

Hell Squad is a 1958 American Word War II film, produced, written and directed by Burt Topper. It was his very first film.
Plot.
During World War II, a squad of five American soldiers become lost in Tunisia and are killed one by one in fights with German units. Finally only one man, Private Russo, is left, in the midst of a mine field, together with a German officer, locked in a stalemate. Russo has water, while the German claims to have a map revealing the mine positions. So Russo agrees to swap water for the map, but the German officer tries to double-cross him.
Production and release.
The film was shot in Indio, California in 1957 on 16mm. Shooting took six months and was done mostly on weekends. It cost Topper $11,500 to make.
The film was originally titled "The Ground They Walk", but was retitled "Hell Squad" when American International Pictures bought the cinema distribution rights.
It was released in July 1958 as part of a double feature with the Korean War film "Tank Battalion".

</doc>
<doc id="21371243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371243" title="Charles Frederick Henry Goodhue">
Charles Frederick Henry Goodhue

Charles Frederick Henry Goodhue (ca 1785 – ca 1840) was an entrepreneur, farmer and political figure in Lower Canada. He represented Sherbrooke in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada from 1830 to 1834.
Goodhue was born in Putney, Vermont, the son of Josiah Goodhue and Rachel Burr. In 1819, he was living in Sherbrooke, Quebec, where he manufactured axes. Goodhue was a justice of the peace and was also registrar for Sherbrooke County from 1830 to 1837. He voted against the Ninety-Two Resolutions. In 1838, Goodhue was invited to become a member of the Special Council which governed the province after the Lower Canada Rebellion but refused. He died in Chicago.
His brother George Jervis served as a member of the Legislative Council of Upper Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21371282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371282" title="Jesnie">
Jesnie

Jesnie is a female given name, derived from the name Jessica.
It has Hebrew origin, and is a very rare girl's name. Other male versions are Jessamine.
It is sometimes written as Jessie, Jeanie, Jennie, Jenny, Jessamine, Jesse, Jessamyn.

</doc>
<doc id="21371285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371285" title="Gina Torrealva">
Gina Torrealva

Gina Torrealva (born November 16, 1961) is a female volleyball player from Peru. She participated in several Summer Olympics with the Peruvian national team, finishing 4th in 1984 and receiving a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="21371324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371324" title="Hideki Kita">
Hideki Kita

<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371351" title="Euptoieta claudia">
Euptoieta claudia

The Variegated Fritillary ("Euptoieta claudia") is a North and South American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. Even though the Variegated Fritillary has some very different characteristics from the "Speyeria" Fritillaries, it is still closely related to them. Some of the differences are: Variegated Fritillaries have 2–3 broods per year vs. one per year in "Speyeria"; they are nomadic vs. sedentary; and they use a wide range of host plants vs. just violets. And because of their use of passionflowers as a host plant, Variegated Fritillaries also have taxonomic links to the heliconians. Their flight is low and swift, but even when resting or nectaring, this species is extremely difficult to approach, and, because of this, its genus name was taken from the Greek word "euptoietos" meaning "easily scared".
Description.
"For a key to the terms used see Lepidopteran glossary".
The upper side of the wings is checkered with orange and black. Both the fore wing and hind wing have a row of submarginal black spots and black median lines running across the wings. The underside of the fore wing is orange with a pale orange spot rimmed in black in the fore wing cell. The underside of the hind wing is mottled with browns and grays with a pale postmedian band. There is no silvering. The wingspan measures 1.75–2.25 inches.
Similar species.
In the Variegated Fritillary’s range, the only similar species is the Mexican Fritillary ("Euptoieta hegesia"). The Mexican Fritillary is brighter orange, the upper side of its hind wing basal area is unmarked, and the underside of its wings is plainer, with no submarginal spots or median black lines.
Flight period.
This species may be seen flying from April–October in the south, while in the north it flies from summer to early fall.
Habitat.
This butterfly is often found in open, disturbed habitats such as clover and alfalfa fields, pastures, fields, waste areas, roadsides, and mountain meadows.
Nectar plants.
Here is a list of some of the flowers that the Variegated Fritillary uses as nectar plants:
Life cycle.
Males actively patrol for females. Females lay their pale green or cream colored eggs singly on host plant leaves and stems. The larva eats the leaves, flowers, and stems of the food plant. The larva is red with black subdorsal and spiracular stripes infused with white spotting. In many individuals, the white is more conspicuous than the black. The red middorsal stripe bears white (sometimes black) oval shaped spots, one per segment. It has six rows of black spines and has a pair of long, clubbed spines on the head. The chrysalis is mainly shiny white, with small black spots, a variable amount of brown markings, and orange and gold tubercules. Adults overwinter in the south and fly north each spring and summer. It has 2–3 broods per year.
Host plants.
This is a list of host plants used by the Variegated Fritillary:

</doc>
<doc id="21371371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371371" title="Edouard Oum Ndeki">
Edouard Oum Ndeki

Club career.
Oum Ndeki had a spell with Ankaragücü in the Turkish Süper Lig. He also played several seasons in Greece for Achaiki, Atsalenios, Diagoras and Rodos. 
During his 4.5 years in Greece he played 125 games in the Third Division scoring 52 goals.
International career.
Oum Ndeki made an appearance for the senior Cameroon national football team during a 2000 African Cup of Nations qualifying match in 1999.
Personal.
His brother, Jean-Paul Ndeki, is also a professional footballer who played in Germany and Latvia.
Death.
He died suddenly on Saturday 7 March 2009 in a Rhodes hospital after suffering from hepatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="21371379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371379" title="Frankenstein Island">
Frankenstein Island

Frankenstein Island is a 1981 American film starring John Carradine. It was the last movie directed by Jerry Warren and the only one of his low-budget films made in color.
Plot.
When a hot air balloon crashes on a remote and uncharted island, the four balloonists and their dog Melvin are captured by a pair of drunken old pirates who take them to the hilltop laboratory home of Dr. Frankenstein's modern-day descendant Sheila Frankenstein (Katherine Victor) who is carrying on the family tradition by turning shipwrecked sailors into pre-programmed bloodless, black-garbed zombies who must wear sunglasses to protect their weird white eyes from light.
Discovering that one of the new arrivals is a doctor (Robert Clarke), the buxom, white-haired Sheila quickly brainwashes him into helping her try to save her bedridden 200-year-old husband Dr. Von Helsing using the blood of a Poe-quoting prisoner (Cameron Mitchell) and the nubile bodies of a local tribe of primitive bikini-clad amazon jungle girls descended from highly advanced aliens who once used the rocky, desolate island as their secret Earth landing site.
Meanwhile, the mystic spirit of her ancestor (John Carradine) hovers ever near, channeling from the Great Beyond all the arcane energies that charge her experiments as he rants about ""The Power! The Power!!"", while his immortal creation, the original Frankenstein Monster, lies trapped underwater at the bottom of a pool hidden in an underground cave, biding its time as it waits for its chance to escape...

</doc>
<doc id="21371394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371394" title="Giraffes? Giraffes!">
Giraffes? Giraffes!

Giraffes? Giraffes! (often abbreviated as G? G!) are an instrumental math rock band formed in 2001 in Massachusetts by guitarist/drummer Kenneth Topham and guitarist Joseph Andreoli. Along with math rock, the band's music frequently touches on post-rock, progressive rock and experimental rock.
History.
Ken Topham and Joseph Andreoli both grew up in Massachusetts and met at Keene State college. The pair moved to California for four years, before eventually returning to Massachusetts and forming Giraffes? Giraffes!. The moves exposed the duo to several "musical communities," which Andreoli described as "totally weird to join," and then the band would "leave them and start again somewhere else."
During their stay in California, Topham and Andreoli performed in several different groups, before performing "this stripped down guitar and drums thing for fun" under the name Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius, taking the name from a Dave Eggers book. A year later, Giraffes? Giraffes! would also take their name from an Eggers book. The titles for their songs, on the other hand, are chosen after each track is complete and is based on the tone of the finished song and the evolution of the ideas (used and unused) throughout the creative writing and arranging process.
The group's first album "SUPERBASS!!!! (Black Death Greatest Hits Vol. 1)" (2005) was recorded in a warehouse in Massachusetts and was recorded mostly live, as with the rest of the band's output. "We try to record as much as possible live with minimal overdubs," says Topham. "But for the sake of time and frustration, we do some overdubs." Andreoli added "especially with looping. In a recording situation where you’re working with loops one little fuck up a loop 8 minutes in on a ten minute piece it’s just devastating," concluding that the band tries to only record material that they can play live.
In 2007, G? G! released their second studio album, "More Skin With Milk-Mouth" recorded in Topham's apartment in Santa Cruz. And following on from that with "Pink Magick" in 2011. The band's most recent release is the 2013 split EP "10"" with Goddard.
The band is very open to the use of their music in other media, publicly responding to one fan's request by stating: "Use whatever you want. Sounds cool! If it’s ever on the Internet, send us a link to check it out."

</doc>
<doc id="21371399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371399" title="Elaine Ingham">
Elaine Ingham

Elaine Ingham is an American soil biology researcher and founder of Soil Foodweb Inc. She is known as a leader in soil microbiology and research of the soil food web. She is an author of the USDA's "Soil Biology Primer". In 2011, Ingham was named as The Rodale Institute's chief scientist.
Career.
Ingham earned her PhD from the Colorado State University in 1981. Her doctorate is in Microbiology with an emphasis on soil. Along with her husband Russ (who also has a doctorate from Colorado State University in Zoology, emphasizing nematology), she was offered a post-doctoral fellowship at the Natural Resource Ecology Lab at Colorado State University. In 1985, she accepted a Research Associate Fellowship at the University of Georgia.
In 1986, Ingham moved to Oregon State University and joined the faculty in both Forest Science and Botany and Plant Pathology. She remained on faculty until 2001.
Ingham is also an Affiliate Professor, Graduate Research, at Southern Cross University in Lismore, NSW, Australia, and an Affiliate Professor of Sustainable Living at Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield, Iowa, and was Program Chair of the Ecological Society of America from 1999 to 2000.
She joined the Rodale Institute in 2011 as chief scientist.
Ingham is the founder of Soil Foodweb Inc, which works with soil testing laboratories to assess soil biology.

</doc>
<doc id="21371401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371401" title="Albert W. Sherer, Jr.">
Albert W. Sherer, Jr.

Albert William Sherer, Jr. (January 19, 1916 – December 27, 1986) was an American diplomat. In 1938 he received a B.A. from Yale University and an LL.B. in 1941 from Harvard University. He served in the U.S. Army Air Force from 1941 to 1945. 
In 1946 to 1949 under the U.S. State Department, Sherer was a commercial officer in Tangier, Morocco and he was temporarily assigned to Casablanca, Morocco, as consular and legal officer from 1947 to 1948. After that in 1949 to 1951, he was political officer in Budapest, Hungary. 
In 1951 from 1955, Sherer was the Romanian desk officer in the Office of Eastern European Affairs at the State Department. He was political officer in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, from 1955 to 1957 and an officer in charge of Polish, Baltic, and Czech Affairs in the office of Eastern European Affairs from 1957 to 1960. 
From 1960 to 1961 he attended the Bowie Seminar for International Affairs at Harvard University. He was Deputy Chief of Mission in Warsaw, Poland, from 1961 to 1966, and appointed Ambassador to Togo from 1967 until 1970. In 1968 and 1969, he was also accredited as Ambassador to Equatorial Guinea. Sherer was also Ambassador to Guinea from 1970 to 1972, Ambassador to the Czechoslovakia from 1972 to 1975 and Chief of the U.S. delegation to CSCE from 1974 and 1975. 
After ambassadorship, from 1975 to 1977, Sherer was Deputy Representative of the United States in the Security Council of the United Nations. In 1975 he served as Alternate U.S. Representative to the Seventh Special Session and the Thirtieth Session of the United Nations General Assembly, and in 1976 he served as Alternate U.S. Representative to the Thirty-first Session of the General Assembly. In 1977 he was Head of the U.S. delegation to the preparatory meeting in Belgrade, Serbia, of the CSCE.

</doc>
<doc id="21371433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371433" title="Small-scaled burrowing asp">
Small-scaled burrowing asp

The small-scaled burrowing asp ("Atractaspis microlepidota") is a species of atractaspidid snake.
Geographic range.
"Atractaspis microlepidota" and the genus "Atractaspis" in general all reside in the middle part of Africa, inhabiting the greater portion of tropical and southern Africa, with some in the Northern parts of Africa. "Atractaspis microlepidota" occupies areas in West Africa such as Nigeria, Benin, Togo, and extends across towards east Africa in Sudan. One subspecies, "A. micropholis andersoni", can be found in southwestern Saudi Arabia and Oman.
Description.
"Atractaspis microlepidota" is black in color, with the ventral (belly) side having a lighter, “flatter” tone than that of the dorsal (back) side. The body scales are smooth. The head is flattened and contains a blunt snout. The neck of "Atractaspis" is not well defined, and the tail is relatively short. One of the differences between "Atractaspis" and Viperidae is the fact that the head of "Atractaspis" is covered in plates, rather than small scales like those of Viperidae. The average size is about 18 inches (45 cm), with some growing up to 30 inches (75 cm).
"Atractaspis microlepidota" has from 29 to 37 rows of dorsal scales, more rows than any other species of "Atractaspis". Ventrals 212–245; anal entire; subcaudals 26–37, entire. Six upper labials, third and fourth entering the eye and largest.
Phylogeny.
Some common names of "Atractaspis" are "mole viper" and "burrowing asp". The genus "Atractaspis" is commonly mistaken for the family Viperidae. One reason for this confusion is that the long, hollow fangs of "Atractaspis" are similar in many respects to those of Viperidae. However, hypotheses about the exact phylogenic placement of "Atractaspis" suggest that rather than being closely related to Viperidae, "Atractaspis" is more closely related to the families Colubridae and Elapidae. Evidence that supports this is seen in the venom of "Atractaspis", which is unlike viperid venom. The antigenic properties of the venom appear to be related to the venom of Elapidae. The specific properties of the venom will be explained in lower sections. Even within the genus "Atractaspis", there are clear differences in the development of the venom gland: "Atractaspis microlepidota" develops long venom glands, whereas "Atractaspis bibronii" develops short venom glands.
Behavior.
Snakes of the genus "Atractaspis" generally do not have many behavioral characteristics that separate them greatly from other snakes, but they have a few. One trait is that they like to burrow, which isn’t that odd, however they like to sit still with their nose facing towards the ground, as if it were ready to “leap” into the ground. However, this behavior has only been observed a few times. "Atractaspis microlepidota", along with other species of "Atractaspis", have not been extensively researched, so data pertaining to the diet of "Atractaspis" is scant. However, "Atractaspis" have typically been found with small rodents, birds, lizards, frogs, locusts and white ants in their stomachs or mouths. Some of the feeding behaviors, as well as reproductive behaviors, will be explained in later sections.
Venom/Envenomation.
The majority of research pertaining to "Atractaspis microlepidota" is about their venom, because they have been observed and studied only a few times in their natural habitat. The venom is viscid and slightly "milky" in appearance. The way they use their long, hollow fangs is very interesting, and the length of the fangs allows them to inject their venom more deeply into their prey. These fangs share some similarities with those of Viperidae, but also are unique. They do not have to open their mouths to use their fangs; instead they typically use only one fang, which is still not completely understood. There have been assumptions as to why this developed. One hypothesis is that most of their prey also burrows; so the majority of their "strikes" are underground with limited room for movement. So the theory is that they developed this in order to still successfully bite their prey without having to open their mouth all the way. To "strike", they come up along the side of their prey and use only one fang to stab the prey. The term "strike", in quotation marks, is used, because "Atractaspis" do not attack from a distance, as boids, vipers and some colubrids do. The fangs are also used for manipulating the prey, in order to maneuver and position it for more efficient prey transport. Another interesting observation was that when "Atractaspis" were presented with more than one prey (in the experiment’s case they were mice), the snakes envenomated all the mice before going back to consume them. One hypothesis about this is that it is a defensive strategy against multiple adult rodents, or other adult prey. The actual venom of "Atractaspis microlepidota" is also interesting. When the venom was injected into animals, the subjects showed immediate signs of moderate irritation, with some hyperactivity and scratching. In human cases, "Atractaspis microlepidota" venom is not incredibly lethal; however there have been fatal cases among younger children. The venom may initially cause pain near the bite area, which is followed by numbness and swelling, also near the bite area. As also stated above, the venom of "Atractaspis microlepidota" appears to be related to the venom of the elapids, rather than the venom of Viperidae, as was originally believed.
Reproduction.
Reproduction is very similar to other snakes; "Atractaspis" lay eggs which hatch outside of the body, which means they are oviparous. The main sense that snakes utilize in order to find mates is smell, which is their strongest, most acute sense. The females produce an odor that sometimes signals to males that she is ready to mate; however, it has also been found that some snakes use these odors for defensive measures rather than attracting mates. It also appears that the males depend much less on sight than any other sense, and almost exclusively rely on odor. This is why, strangely enough, it appears that male snakes do not rely on color, and therefore color probably plays a very little role, if any, in the mating process. Males have even been found attempting to mate with dead females, which shows that they rely heavily on odor for mating. Polygamy is also rare in snakes, as the males usually practice monogamy. It has been suggested that some female snakes even mate with more than one male, with mixed paternity, sperm competition and storage. However, this seems unlikely because, given the former situation, females would not have to select the males for mating. However, in a 1992 report, Schuett and Duvall suggest that female choice does exist among snakes. The various mating rituals, or "dances" are sometimes very different between snakes, and very little is known so far about the specifics of "Atractaspis microlepidota", or "Atractaspis" mating rituals in general.

</doc>
<doc id="21371443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371443" title="Casterolimulus">
Casterolimulus

Casterolimulus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran.

</doc>
<doc id="21371456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371456" title="Elleria">
Elleria

Elleria is an extinct genus of xiphosuran of the monotypic family Elleriidae. Only one species is assigned to this genus, Elleria morani.

</doc>
<doc id="21371467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371467" title="Distiller (disambiguation)">
Distiller (disambiguation)

A distiller is somebody who distills, or, something that distills.
Distiller may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21371470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371470" title="Kiaeria">
Kiaeria

Kiaeria is an extinct genus of xiphosuran of the monotypic family Kiaeriidae. Only one species is assigned to the genus, Kiaeria limuloides.

</doc>
<doc id="21371494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371494" title="Jungle Hell">
Jungle Hell

Jungle Hell is a 1955 American film.
In the film several Natives visit a physician who, against the advice of a witch doctor, proceeds to try to heal burns. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371506" title="1961 Cotton Bowl Classic">
1961 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1961 Cotton Bowl Classic was a post-season college football bowl game between the Southwest Conference champion Arkansas Razorbacks and the champions of the ACC, the Duke Blue Devils. Duke defeated Arkansas, 7-6, in front of 70,500 spectators.
Setting.
Arkansas won the SWC in 1960, led by star RB/PR/DB/P Lance Alworth. He led the nation in punt return yardage, and was ninth in the country in kick return yardage. The Hogs defeated #11 Texas and #10 Rice, but lost to #20 Baylor and #2 Ole Miss.
Duke won the ACC, and would win it again the next two years. The Blue Devils had 4 first team-all conference players.
Game summary.
In a game full of stars such as Lance Alworth of Arkansas and Don Altman and Tee Moorman of Duke, Dave Unser came up biggest. His block of a Mickey Cissel PAT gave the game to Duke.
Alworth provided a memorable play when he snagged a high snap on a punt. Under pressure from Duke defenders, he then rolled right and sprinted upfield. While running he punted the ball deep, which went out at the Duke 2. Two plays later he returned a Duke punt for a touchdown. The extra point, however, was blocked by Dave Unser, giving the Hogs only a 6-0 lead. 
In the fourth quarter, the Blue Devils hooked together five passes from Altman to Moorman in one drive that culminated in a tying TD and go ahead extra point.
Duke moved to 3-3 in bowls with the win, while Arkansas' record in the postseason dropped to 2-2-2.

</doc>
<doc id="21371507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371507" title="Jon Witman">
Jon Witman

Jon Doyle Witman (born June 1, 1972 in Wrightsville, Pennsylvania) is a former professional American football player who played fullback for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers
Biography.
Jon played high school football at Eastern York High School in Wrightsville, PA where he set many records. From there he moved to Penn State and was a member of the 1994 undefeated Rose Bowl winning Penn State team. In 1996 he was drafted by the Steelers in the third round of the draft, number 98 overall. 
Currently, Jon is a coach in the Eastern York (PA) Young Knights football organization. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371509" title="Jufeng Road Station">
Jufeng Road Station

Jufeng Road () is a station on Line 6 and Line 12 of the Shanghai Metro. It began operation on December 29, 2007.
It is located at the junction of Jufeng Road and Zhangyang Road (North), in Shanghai's Pudong New Area.
There is a small train depot at the northern end of the station, which holds trains that run short trips between this station and Shanghai Children's Medical Center station. Southbound trains run at 6 minute intervals.

</doc>
<doc id="21371518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371518" title="Vadim Sidorov">
Vadim Sidorov

Vadim Sidorov (born April 11, 1959) is a retired male long-distance runner from Russia. He outfinished Britain's Hugh Jones in the final 600 meters to win the 1982 Tokyo Marathon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371554" title="Pseudoniscus">
Pseudoniscus

Pseudoniscus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran.
"Neolimulus".
"Neolimulus" was described as genus of xiphosuran on the basis of a single, crushed specimen from the Upper Silurian. It is now recognised as a junior synonym of "Pseudoniscus".

</doc>
<doc id="21371558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371558" title="Wulian Road Station">
Wulian Road Station

Wulian Road () is a station on Line 6 of the Shanghai Metro. It began operation on December 29, 2007. It is located near the junction of Wulian Road and Zhangyang Road (North), in Shanghai's Pudong New Area.
The station provides access to the neighbouring Wenfeng Plaza .

</doc>
<doc id="21371569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371569" title="Victalimulus">
Victalimulus

Victalimulus is an extinct genus of xiphosuran from Early Cretaceous from Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21371571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371571" title="John McDonald Henderson">
John McDonald Henderson

John McDonald (or M’Donald) Henderson (1846 – 20 November 1922) was a Scottish chartered accountant, barrister and Liberal Member of Parliament.
Education and family.
Henderson was a native of the city of Aberdeen. He was educated at Gordon’s College and at Marischal College, both in Aberdeen. In 1872 he married Kate Mary, daughter of Thomas Francis Robins. They had one son and a daughter.
Career.
Henderson qualified as a chartered accountant. He was a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. He appeared in court often, regularly being appointed a trustee for bankrupt companies and this perhaps encouraged him to go in for the law as well. He was called to the Bar by Gray’s Inn in 1897. He also had business interests, being a director of Thomas Bolton and Son Ltd, brass and copper manufacturers, the Lancashire United Tramways Company and other firms.
Politics.
Liberal Imperialist.
Henderson was a member of the Imperial Liberal Council. The Liberal Imperialists were a centrist faction within the Liberal Party in the late Victorian and Edwardian period, favouring a more positive attitude towards the development of the British Empire and Imperialism and ending the primacy of the party’s commitment to Irish Home Rule. In domestic affairs they advocated the concept of ‘national efficiency.’ This policy was never definitively set out, but the implication in the speeches of its leading lights was that the Liberal Party in government should take action to improve the social conditions, the education and welfare of the population, as well as to reform aspects of the administration of government so as to maintain British economic, industrial and military competitiveness.
Member of Parliament.
In 1905, the sitting MP for Aberdeenshire West, Dr. Robert Farquharson, decided to stand down at the next election and Henderson was selected in his place. At the 1906 general election Henderson duly held the seat by 5,949 votes to the 2,791 polled by his Unionist opponent R McNeill, a majority of 3,158. Whilst an MP he voted in favour of the 1908 Women's Enfranchisement Bill. Henderson held his seat against a new Tory opponent in January 1910, defeating Mr. G Smith by 5,901 votes to 3,194 a majority of 2,707. Henderson’s majority again decreased at the December 1910 general election. Again facing Smith for the Unionists, Henderson won by 5,415 votes to 3,232 a reduced majority of 2,183 but still comfortably ahead.
Irish Home Rule controversy.
During the December 1910 general election, Henderson was unwittingly caught up in a row over Irish Home Rule. He received a letter from Lord Aberdeen who was at the time Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. Lord Aberdeen wrote to Henderson saying he felt fears about the consequences of Home Rule were baseless, especially apprehensions concerning religious intolerance and that Henderson could quote this opinion during the election. While "The Times" newspaper reported that Lord Aberdeen was not taken very seriously in Ireland, his remarks nevertheless gave offence to Unionists there, as the Lord-Lieutenant was supposed to stay above party politics. The question of the Lord-Lieutenant’s alleged interference in politics then became the issue. It was rumoured Aberdeen was about to resign but this was denied. The controversy later rumbled into 1911 with the matter being taken up by the Parliamentary Committee of Privileges. Lord Aberdeen tried to smooth the waters by explaining that he had written to Henderson in his capacity as Lord-Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire. But this back-fired and in a fuller explanation later he had to clarify that in sending his letters to Henderson he had never meant to use the authority of the Lord-Lieutenancy of Aberdeenshire to influence voters in the general election. No doubt sensing that times were moving on, the Committee of Privileges concluded that Lord Aberdeen had not committed any breach of privilege of the House of Commons.
1918-1919.
Although he was by now over 70 years old, Henderson apparently had no wish to leave Parliament. His West Aberdeenshire constituency was being abolished in boundary changes for the 1918 general election. However Henderson sought and won the Liberal nomination for the new seat of Central Aberdeenshire. He fought the election against Alexander Theodore Gordon who stood as a Coalition Conservative, that is a supporter of the Coalition government of David Lloyd George and who presumably received the Coalition coupon. Henderson lost by 638 votes, polling 5,908 votes to Gordon’s 6,546. Even this defeat was not sufficient to force Henderson into retirement however. Early in 1919 Gordon died causing a by-election in Aberdeenshire Central. It was agreed that Henderson should be the candidate and stand as a full blooded Asquithian Liberal. This posed a difficulty for Lloyd George, who despite his Liberalism was being required to endorse another Conservative candidate against a Liberal who had represented the party in Parliament for 16 years. As a result there was some speculation that Henderson would be asked to stand for the Coalition. Henderson and his local Liberal Association were willing to accept this. Henderson exchanged letters with Freddie Guest the Coalition Liberal Chief Whip coming to an agreement to give overall support to the government but the Aberdeenshire Tories would not adopt Henderson as the Coalition candidate and chose their own man, L F W Davidson. In the end Henderson decided not to contest the by-election and stood down in favour of his Liberal colleague Murdoch McKenzie Wood who won the by-election with a majority of 186 votes in a three-cornered contest with the Unionists and Labour.
Appointments.
In 1911, Henderson was appointed as a Justice of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, where he had a home in Felixstowe. He was also JP for the County of Surrey where he had a home.
Death.
Henderson died from pneumonia on 20 November 1922 in Aberdeen aged 76. He was buried at Putney Vale Cemetery in Surrey, near his London home in Wimbledon.

</doc>
<doc id="21371572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371572" title="Weinbergina">
Weinbergina

Weinbergina is an extinct genus of xiphosuran.

</doc>
<doc id="21371585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371585" title="Disautel, Washington">
Disautel, Washington

Disautel is a census-designated place (CDP) in Okanogan County, Washington, United States, within the Greater Omak Area. The population was 78 at the 2010 census.
Established in 1919, the community is located approximately east of Omak, along what is now Washington State Route 155. It was formerly a logging town that was home to the headquarters of the Biles-Coleman Logging Company. When the highway to Nespelem Community was improved, workers in the sawmill began commuting from Omak, and the town population began to dwindle. After the sawmill closed at the beginning of the Great Depression, the town shrank further. For some time, the Highway Department used the empty warehouses in the town to store roadworking equipment, but that ultimately did not last, and the town was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="21371594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371594" title="Zoku Aoi sanmyaku Yukiko no maki">
Zoku Aoi sanmyaku Yukiko no maki


</doc>
<doc id="21371602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371602" title="Jinqiao Road Station">
Jinqiao Road Station

Jinqiao Road () is a station on Line 6 of the Shanghai Metro. It began operation on December 29, 2007. 
It is located at the junction of Jinqiao Road and Zhangyang Road (North), in Shanghai's Pudong New Area.

</doc>
<doc id="21371607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371607" title="Mungaka">
Mungaka

A Language spoken by the people of Bali Nyonga. Bali Nyonga is located grasslands of Cameroon in the Northwest Province. They are the descendants of the Bali Chambers in Northern Nigeria.
References.
The Chamba Migration and the Origin of Bali Nyonga 

</doc>
<doc id="21371672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371672" title="If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It">
If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It

"If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It" is a song from alternative rock band Snow Patrol's fifth album "A Hundred Million Suns". It was released as the follow-up single to "Crack the Shutters" on 8 and 9 March 2009. It was the third single taken from the album. The music was composed in collaboration between the band members of Snow Patrol, and frontman Gary Lightbody serving as lyricist. The song is a departure from Lightbody's frequent attempts at diagnosing his less positive personal issues, which often focus on his romantic breakups, and instead celebrates a newfound love outside human relationships.
The song, though critically lauded upon the album release, was generally not received well as a single. The single was a commercial failure, failing to reach the Top 100 in the United Kingdom, and failing to chart in any other country. The single was later released in the Netherlands but failed to chart as well.
Background.
At the time of the release of the album, Snow Patrol.com posted a section featuring a discussion of the song with the band's lyricist, Gary Lightbody discussing the new songs, which was initially a Lightbody interview to RTÉ. About "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It", he said that the song "was a love record rather than a break up record". He continued to say that the song was "set in the context of a world that's as terrifying as it is beautiful, which is why a lot of the imagery refers to space." He maintained the positivity of the song, saying "I don't think we're doomed, but there's darkness here, looming over me rather than in me". The album's lyrics were influenced by Lightbody's newly discovered love of science. In an interview with "The Sunday Times", he said "I didn't have any aptitude for it at school, but I've become very interested in science over the past couple of years." He commented on the positive lyrics, adding "in the past, my lyrics have sometimes been bogged down by my own self-flagellation — can't see past my fingertips. This time, the opposite has happened. It's about realizing that we're just dots."
Promotion and release.
To promote the single, the band made an appearance on Channel 4's show T4 on 7 February. The performance was aired between 9am and 2 pm.
The single was initially issued only in the UK as a 7" Vinyl and Digital Download. The iTunes digital download featured the single and the music video. It was released in the UK and Ireland on 8 March. The 7" single featured a new song, the previously unreleased b-side "In a Dream I Saw Satellites", written, composed and performed by frontman Gary Lightbody, without any collaboration with the rest of the band. The song later became the fourth Dutch single from the album, after "Take Back the City", "Crack the Shutters" and "The Planets Bend Between Us". To promote it, the band played an intimate concert at Desmet Studios as a part of Radio BNN's "That's Live" programme, which features artists doing such concerts. The performance was broadcast on 3FM between 18:00 and 21:00 hrs on 1 August. Tickets for the concert only be won through a competition organized by BNN. Though 15 pairs of tickets were initially announced as prizes, 48 winners were announced, who were notified through e-mail.
Music video.
The video features the band members wandering beside a beach. They chance upon an abandoned boat which is decorated with origami stars, which were featured on the album artwork for "A Hundred Million Suns". After taking the time to examine them, the camera pans to Nathan Connolly, who has noticed a cottage a short distance away. He starts to walk towards it and the band members follow behind. Upon entering the cottage, they light lamps, with the room glowing with the reflection of identical origami stars that they had seen by the boat.
As the camera pans to Lightbody, his look of surprise is revealed; by opening a door, hot air balloons can be seen flying in the air, and the bandmates stop to examine them. The next sequence of shots show Lightbody walking in an area lighted by lamps. The camera then pans away from him to the band performing the song on their instruments. The end shots of the video show Lightbody with outstretched arms and a lone flying hot-air balloon.
Track listing.
The video for "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It" uses the radio edit of the song.
Reception.
Although critical reception upon the release of the album was very positive, as a single, the song did not fare as well. Upon album release, "Rolling Stone" said that the band was all about "big, echoing soundscapes", "gargantuan guitar crescendos" and emotions that could only be described in mythology and astronomy. PopMatters called the song "a moodier kickoff than "You’re All I Have", the instant power-pop anthem that served as the introduction to "Eyes Open"". It praised the lyric where Gary Lightbody sings about having a strand of his lover's hair wrapped around his finger, calling it "borderline saccharine". The Independent called the song an attempt to "broaden the band's style". It felt the song was "intriguing", and noted the "conversational tone and diffident delivery", saying it may have been inspired by Sufjan Stevens. It also named the song among the picks from the album. Pitchfork Media, who rated the album as a whole at only 4.9/10, still praised the song, saying, "If "A Hundred Million Suns" has any hits in it at all, they're likely over and done in the album's first eight minutes." Continuing, the review commented that "the song was Snow Patrol at their best and most emblematic." Lightbody's vocal delivery style was praised, saying that it "softens the blow of overwrought lyrics", citing 'the sea between us only amplifies the sound waves' as an example.
Upon the release of the song, Daily Music Guide's Wayne Madden reviewed the single negatively, giving it 2 stars out of 5. He criticized it for having the same bars repeated for a whole minute. He felt the song wasn't bad, but was no stunner. He also called the sound "Coldplay-esque" and compared the sound to early Snow Patrol records. BBC Radio 1's Vicki Lutas too gave the single a rating of 2 stars out of 5, saying that Snow Patrol had become lazy. She did like the chorus, though, saying it "makes you sit up and take notice for a little minute". UKMix's Beren Reid awarded the single 2 stars out of 5 as well, calling the single "drab". He ridiculed it, saying it "doesn't sound single worthy" and furthermore didn't "deserve to be the b-side of a b-side". The Northern Echo's Sophie Stratford however, reviewed the single very positively, saying that the band's reputation was about to get bigger. She praised the vocals and the sound, and felt that the lyrics "live long in your head for hours afterwards".
The single failed to chart in any country barring the UK, where it peaked at a lowly #133, but it was fairly successful on the UK Airplay Chart, peaking at #36. In October 2008, the song ranked #30 in "Q"'s The 50 Essential Tracks to Download This Month.

</doc>
<doc id="21371739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371739" title="Filip Krušlin">
Filip Krušlin

Filip Krušlin (born March 18, 1989) is a Croatian professional basketball player who currently plays for Cibona of the Croatian League. Krušlin was also playing for the Croatia's Under-20 national team and has participated at the Junior European Championships in Greece 2006 and Madrid 2007.
Professional career.
Filip Krušlin started his professional career in 2007-08 season, touted as a hot prospect for Cibona's future. He was recognised as a young talent while he played for younger selections in KK Zrinjevac and KK Rudeš. His debut for Cibona came against Široki in Adriatic League season 2007-08. He played a total of 8 minutes and managed to gather up 4 points by getting a three pointer and one free throw scored. After that he played nine more games for Cibona in Adriatic League. His season highlight was 7 points and 1 rebound in 10 minutes spent on court against KK Crvena Zvezda. 
At the start of 2008-09 season Krušlin was offered a loan move to aid his development since Cibona has already signed five more guards this season, he would hardly get a chance to play. He then moved on loan to another club from Zagreb, KK Dubrava. After that he left Cibona, and after losing the fall of 2009 to injury, signed for KK Dubrovnik. He spent seasons at KK Bosna and KK Zabok before moving, in 2012 to KK Split.
On April 3, 2014, Krušlin signed a contract with Cibona.

</doc>
<doc id="21371741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371741" title="Miyoko Asahina">
Miyoko Asahina

Miyoko Asahina (朝比奈三代子; born September 24, 1969) is a retired female long-distance runner from Japan. She set her personal best (2:25:52) in the women's marathon event on April 17, 1994 to win the Rotterdam Marathon. 
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21371762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371762" title="Ascender">
Ascender

Ascender may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21371766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371766" title="Shibo Avenue Station">
Shibo Avenue Station

Shibo Avenue () is the name of a station on Line 13 of the Shanghai Metro. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371767" title="Abidjan">
Abidjan

Abidjan is the former political capital and primary economic center of the country of Ivory Coast. it is the largest city in the nation and the third-largest French-speaking city in the world, after Paris and Kinshasa. As of 2006 records, there were 5,068,858 residents in the metropolitan area and 3,796,677 residents in the municipality. Only Lagos, the former capital of Nigeria, has a larger number of inhabitants in the West African region. Considered a cultural hub of West Africa, Abidjan is characterized by a high level of industrialization and urbanization. The city stands in Ébrié Lagoon on several converging peninsulas and islands connected by bridges.
The city grew up quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 and its designation as the capital city of the then-French colony in 1933. The completion of the Vridi Canal in 1951 enabled it to become an important sea port. In 1983 Yamoussoukro was designated as the official capital city of Ivory Coast, but almost all political institutions and foreign embassies are still in Abidjan.
Geography.
Abidjan lies on the south-east coast of the country in the Gulf of Guinea. The city lies on the Ébrié Lagoon. The business district Le Plateau is the centre of the city, along with Cocody, Deux Plateaux (the wealthiest neighborhood and a hubbub for diplomats), and the slum of Adjamé on the north shore of the lagoon. Treichville and Marcory lie to the south, Commune d' Attecoube by its extension to Locodjro and Abobo Doume and Yopougon to the west, and Gbagba and N'Gbotroya (Locodjro) called today Boulay Island in the middle of the lagoon. Further south lies Port Bouët, home to the airport and main seaport. Abidjan is located at 5°25′ North, 4°2′ West (5.41667, −4.03333).
Climate.
The city has a tropical wet and dry climate (Köppen: Aw) with a long rainy season from May through July, a short rainy season (September–November) and two dry seasons, though rain is seen even during these dry seasons. Abidjan is generally humid throughout the year, with humidity generally at or higher than 80 percent. During the rainy season it can rain continuously for several consecutive days, or intensely for over an hour. The rainfall is abundant at about 2,000 mm per year. The monthly rainfall varies between about 20 mm and 500 mm in January to June and the temperature is almost constant at around .
The highest record temperature was on 27 February 1999, while the lowest record temperature was on 11 September 2000.
Territorial division.
Abidjan is composed of two parts (northern Abidjan and southern Abidjan) with ten communes.
Suburbs.
The main towns which are near Abidjan are Jacqueville, Grand-Lahou and Dabou in the west, Sikensi, Tiassalé, Agboville, Adzopé and Aleppo in the north, and Grand-Bassam to the east.
The towns of Songon, Bingerville and Anyama were incorporated in 2001 into the Department of Abidjan.
Origin of the name "Abidjan".
According to oral tradition of the Ébrié as reported in the Encyclopedic Dictionary of Côte d'Ivoire, the name "Abidjan" results from a misunderstanding. Legend states that an old man carrying branches to repair the roof of his house met a European explorer who asked him the name of the nearest village. The old man did not speak the language of the explorer, and thought that he was being asked to justify his presence in that place. Terrified by this unexpected meeting, he fled shouting ""min-chan m'bidjan"", which means in the Ébrié language: "I just cut the leaves." The explorer, thinking that his question had been answered, recorded the name of the locale as "Abidjan".
A slightly different and less elaborate version of the legend: When the first colonists asked a native man the name of the place, the man misunderstood and replied ""M'bi min djan"": "I've just been cutting leaves".
History.
Colonial era.
Abidjan was originally a small fishing village. In 1896, following a series of deadly yellow fever epidemics, the French colonists who first settled in Bassam decided to move to a safer place. They located in the current location of Abidjan in 1898, and in 1903 it received town status. Their movement was followed by the colonial government created in 1899, although nearby Bingerville became capital of the French colony from 1900 until 1934.
The future Abidjan, situated on the edge of the "lagoon n'doupé" ("the lagoon in hot water, "future "Ébrié Lagoon"), offered more space and greater opportunities for trade expansion. The wharf in Petit Bassam (now Port-Bouet) south of the town, quickly overtook in importance the wharf of Grand-Bassam, hitherto the main economic access to the colony. In 1904, the rail terminus was located in the Port-Bouet area of Abidjan. From 1904, when Bingerville was not yet complete, Abidjan became the main economic hub of the colony of Ivory Coast and a prime channel for distributing products to the European hinterland, particularly through the Lebanese community which was increasingly important.
Henri Terrasson de Fougères became governor of French Sudan in 1924, and remained the governor until his death in 1931. One of the main streets of Abidjan still bears his name.
In 1931, Plateau and what became Treichville were connected approximately at the position of the bridge Houphouet Boigny by a floating bridge. That year, it was first addressed as the streets of Abidjan. It temporarily held the name in 1964, under the leadership of Mayor Konan Kanga, completed by the Americans in 1993.
Abidjan became the third capital of Ivory Coast, after Grand-Bassam and Bingerville in 1934. Several villages in Tchaman were then deserted. It is particularly Adjame ("center" in Tchaman), located at the north of the Plateau, which is still the leader of the Tchaman community.
South of the Plateau district (the current central district of the city of Abidjan), the village of "Dugbeo" was moved across the lagoon to Anoumabo, "the forest of fruit bats", which became the neighborhood of Treichville (now Commikro). This area was thus renamed in 1934 in honour of Marcel Treich-Laplénie (1860–1890), the first explorer of Ivory Coast and its first colonial administrator, considered its founder. Instead of Dugbeyo, is the current Treich Laplénie Avenue, the bus station and water lagoon buses in Plateau, and the Avenue Charles de Gaulle (commonly called Rue du Commerce).
The city was laid out like the usual colonial towns as a grid plan. Le Plateau ("m'brato" in Tchaman) was inhabited by settlers. In the north, the city was inhabited by the colonized. The two zones were separated by the Gallieni Military Barracks, instead of the current courthouse.
Near the port and along a petanque, originally named Boulevard de Marseille, facetious settlers who had "borrowed" a street sign of a famous street of Marseille renamed the street Canebière, a sand track. This is the legend behind the first Blohorn oil mills, in Cocody. A racetrack was built in the south of the city that never stops growing.
Le Plateau in the 1940s, the hotel grew and became Bardon Park Hotel, the first air-conditioned hotel working in francophone Africa.
Abidjan's lagoon became connected to the sea once the 15m deep Vridi Canal was completed in 1950. Soon Abidjan would become the financial center of West Africa. In 1958, the first bridge to connect Petit-Bassam Island with the mainland was completed.
After independence.
After independence in 1960, the old settler town became the administrative center and business headquarters of the Presidency. The axis south of Treichville, towards the international airport and the beaches, became the headquarters of European and middle-class Abidjan. There, in November 2004, focus was on the anti-French riots and looting. The Cocody district, famous for a gentleman embodied in film by Jean Marais, which should be a vast indigenous district according to the colonial urban pattern, became an upscale neighborhood including the presidential residence, the embassy of France, Hotel Ivoire (which for a long time, was the only African hotel to have a skating rink), and since 2006, the largest U.S. embassy in Africa. Large areas have grown popular among these clusters, extended by areas of poor housing and poverty fed by the rural exodus and sub-regional immigration.
In 1983 the village of Yamoussoukro (literally the city of Queen Yamoussoukro) became the new political capital of Ivory Coast under the leadership of President Félix Houphouët-Boigny who was born in Yamoussoukro.
Since 1999, Abidjan has been penalized by the political and economic Ivorian disaster. Since the 80s, despite undeniable improvements and because of the negligence of officials, corruption as well as general degradation of the city of Abidjan has been prevalent. In 2006, the mass poisoning of people by pollutants dumped in landfills are illustrations of an inevitable drama. (case of the Probo Koala).
Politics.
Administration.
Organisation.
Formerly managed by the French "colonial administration", Abidjan became a municipality in 1956, and was divided into administrative areas by lagoons. Its first municipal council was elected on 18 November 1956, and the first mayor in the context of the Framework Law of 1956 was president Félix Houphouët-Boigny. A law of 1978 established twenty-seven municipalities full year in the country. After the application of this new organization, Dioulo Emmanuel was elected mayor of Abidjan on 30 November 1980.
Since 2001, the city has been run as a department divided into ten municipalities (communes) and with three new sub-prefectures at Anyama, Bingerville and Songon. The post of Mayor of Abidjan was replaced by the District Governor, appointed by the head of state. The position has been occupied by Pierre Djedji Amondji since 2002. However, each of the ten municipalities of Abidjan has its own municipal council headed by a mayor. The last municipal elections were held in March 2001.
The communes of Abobo, Adjamé, Attécoubé, Cocody, and Plateau are located north of the Ébrié Lagoon (hence the name "Abidjan North"). This is the continental part of Abidjan.
The commune of Yopougon straddles the lagoon, with part lying north and part south of that body of water. The communes of Treichville, Koumassi, Marcory and Port-Bouet in Abidjan are south of the lagoon.
Blokosso and Locodjro villages are included within the city and maintain cultural identity in urban areas.
Places of interest.
The University of Abidjan (1958), several technical colleges, and the National Library of Ivory Coast and National museum are in the city.
Sights in Abidjan include St Paul's Cathedral, designed by Aldo Spirito, the Cocody Municipal Museum of Contemporary Art and the Parc du Banco rainforest reserve. Le Plateau is known for its skyscrapers, unusual in West Africa.
"Le Plateau" is the business centre of Abidjan. With its gleaming skyscrapers, chic boutiques and outdoor cafes, le Plateau is a favourite place of business travellers. There are many different banks located in the "le Plateau" district.
Government institutions.
The majority of Ivorian government institutions are still located in Abidjan until the end of the transfer of the Ivorian capital Yamoussoukro: the President's office in Cocody, the parliament, the Constitutional Council, the Supreme Court (Court of Cassation, Council state and the court of accounts), the Chancellery of the National Order. However, the current president, Laurent Gbagbo, elected in 2000, decided to give effect to the project of making the political capital Yamoussoukro in Ivory Coast, despite the events since 2002. This recent decision is a consensus on the part of the country's political leaders.
Government offices are located in Le Plateau in the administrative district of Abidjan, Boulevard Carde or Angoulvant Boulevard (near the Cathedral of St. Paul of Abidjan), or elsewhere in the great buildings of the town.
Security.
Since 2004, when virtually all prisoners of Abidjan were released from prison, insecurity has increased significantly: increase in crimes and misdemeanors, increased drug seizures. Besides the presence of the police, gendarmerie, the impartial forces (UNOCI whose headquarters are in Attécoubé and a large base to Biétry), French soldiers based in Port-Bouet and the Ivorian army, were created in the 2000 by the CECOS and several private security firms.
In 2007, "Permanent Danger" by Pierre Laba a film about the laxity of the police against the banditry in major African cities in the image of the Ivorian capital was out in cinema
Police.
Abidjan is divided into districts, each of which has a police station. The municipal police and national police are distinguished.
The police's training center (National Police Academy) located in the town of Cocody, where all police are trained. They are recruited by competitive examination held by the police administration. The policy includes several sections, it is the BAE (Anti Riot Squad), whose base is located in the Yopougon north of the city, the CRS (Republican Security Company), whose main base is located in Williamsville (Adjame) also includes a secondary base called CRS2 which is located in zone 4 in the town of Marcory (central capital).
The Force and CECOS (Command Center Security Operations) accompany the police.
The main base of the gendarmerie is Agban (common Adjamé), another in Abobo and Kumasi, It also has training school "School de Gendarmerie" in Cocody and the city.
Drugs.
Since 2000, Ivory Coast has experienced a sharp rise in drug trafficking. The drug dens occur mainly in informal settlements and there has been a recent spike in demand among the young unemployed and Ivorian vagrants. The Ivorian police are increasingly focused on the fight against trafficking and drug use in the district of Abidjan. A report by the Office of the UN says West Africa plays an increasingly important role in the transit of cocaine to Latin American and Europe. According to an investigation by the commission for the fight against drug trafficking UN, 46 percent of youth in West Africa is dependent on the drug. In May 2007, seven drug houses were dismantled and 191 people arrested including a military officer.
French military base.
Abidjan is home to Port-Bouet, one of the six French military bases that still exist in Africa (Dakar, Libreville, Bouar CAR, N'Djamena and Djibouti). Thousands of people live there, around the 43rd BIMA which is permanently parked in accordance with established defense agreements 24 April 1961 linking the two countries.
Relationships and partnerships.
Diplomacy and international bodies.
Abidjan is the regional headquarters of major international institutions: UNICEF, UN Development Program, World Health Organization, World Food Program, UNOPS, International Labour Organization (ILO), International Monetary Fund (IMF), etc.
The great nations of the world all have representation in Abidjan, most of which serve sub-region
The American Embassy is located in Ivory Coast while the African Development Bank (ADB) moved for a while to Tunisia, which is the largest financial institution in Africa.
Sister cities.
Abidjan is sister cities with:
Miscellaneous.
In the 1980s, Jean-Bédel Bokassa took refuge in Abidjan after his ouster from power in the Central Africa Republic.
Society.
The 1998 Census revealed Abidjan's population to be 2,877,923. Estimates for the population of the Abidjan metropolitan area vary between 4 and 5 million inhabitants. As Abidjan is inhabited by people from a wide array of different ethnicities, the French language is used as the language of communication in the metropolitan area, which is the third-largest French speaking metropolitan area in the world after Paris and Kinshasa. A specific colloquial Abidjan French has even appeared, with a pronunciation and some colloquial words distinct from standard French. The area of Abidjan is recognized as one of a few areas in Africa where French (colloquial Abidjan French) is truly a native tongue, along with Libreville, Gabon.
Demographics.
The figures as of 2006 estimate the Abidjanaise population at 3,796,677. In 2006, the metropolitan area of Abidjan had 5,060,858 inhabitants. This population increase can be attributed to the displacement caused by the war (since September 2002). This city has many inhabitants who come to live downtown because they seek employment and safer lodgings.
By 1950, Abidjan had just exceeded a population of 50,000 (at the end of 1948). Reaching a population of a million by the end of 1975, the city grew at a rate of 10 to 12% per year: a doubling every 6 or 7 years. However, this growth underwent a sharp decline due to the crises of the 1980s and 1990s. In the last 20 years of the 20th century, the growth rate dropped to 3–6%. Growth by birth rate was supplemented by migration, with the influx being substantial and the outflow only partly compensating the arrivals. Positive migration, prior to the census of 1988, contributed a growth of about 80,000 with 50,000 people from within Ivory Coast, and about 30,000 from abroad per year. From within Ivory Coast, the migration pattern was dominated by Akan (South-east, 48%), then Mandé (North-west, 24%) and Krou (South-west, 20%). From abroad, the migration was Burkinabes (30%), Malians (22%), Ghanaians (19%), Nigerien (11%), and Guineans (9%). Of the Non-African migration, Lebanese migration exceeded that of Europeans, with the French being largest of these. All in all, non-African migration represents hardly 3% of the total population of Abidjan, which is still the highest in the area.
The last population census in the country took place in 1998. It presented 2,877,948 inhabitants for the city.
The figures for 2006 estimated the population of Abidjan to 3,796,677 inhabitants, while the larger metropolitan area of Abidjan had 5,060,858 inhabitants. This population increase is mainly due to war-displaced since the events of September 2002. The town hosts many people in search of both jobs and a more secure
It planned to hold a new census in 2008.
Languages.
The traditional language of the city was Ebrié. Since independence, the official language in Abidjan and throughout Ivory Coast is French. While the official language is a formal variety similar to that of France, the most common form of French spoken in Abidjan is a colloquial dialect known as "français de Treichville" or "français de Moussa" and differs from standard French in pronunciation and in some of its vocabulary. Another form of spoken French in Abidjan is "Nouchi", a highly informal variety used as adolescent slang. The historical lingua franca, still spoken and understood by most of the trading population of Abidjan, is Dioula. Finally, the city hosts many Ivorians from all over the country and so all the vernacular languages of the country, about sixty, are spoken, such as Attié, Baoulé, Bété, and Wobé.
Abidjan is surrounded by more than thirty villages where Baoulé and Ebrié are still commonly spoken.
Education.
In Ivory Coast, the enrollment rate is 74% and access to secondary education is limited by an entrance assessment at the 6th stage after which one-third of students are allowed to continue their studies. 24% of the student population resides in Abidjan, out of 20% of the population. Abidjan is the location of the main educational institutions in the Ivory Coast. These include the Lycée Classique d'Abidjan, the Lycée Sainte-Marie de Cocody Lycée Boy Bingerville Mami Adjoua the Lyceum, the Blaise Pascal Abidjan school is a French school – meaning a school who has signed an agreement with the ADFE.
Health.
The city has a care package complete. Besides, many traditional medicine establishments sell old drugs in the street. There are numerous health centers and pharmacies, many pharmacopoeias. The city has more than fifty clinics, and over sixty specialist (veterinary, dermatology, dental, optometry, motherhood, psychology, pediatrics, etc.).
Urbanism and habitat.
Modern districts like Plateau or Cocody have developed like those in Europe with the construction of large office towers, apartment buildings between the 1970s and the mid-1980.
Traditional neighborhoods like Treichville or Marcory maintained the system of "concessions" where housing is adjacent to the plant and the system of "court" group of which several houses, within the normal organization and multi centuries-old villages Africans.
The district of Cocody is also home to many single-storey wooden villas, surrounded by vast gardens where there is lush vegetation fed by heavy rains that water the city. Recently, it became "fashionable" for wealthier inhabitants to construct villas in imitation of Greek temples in this district. In addition, many houses were built on stilts on the edge of the Ébrié Lagoon.
The town hall, a fine example of modernist architecture, was designed by architect Henry Chomette.
Problems with urban network.
The urban network is disrupted as Abidjan has seen its population double every seven years since 1945. Rural people attracted by the opportunities of the future of the city form the bulk of inward migration. Abidjan represents 45 percent of city dwellers in Ivory Coast and 20 percent of the overall population. However, if a significant rise was observed for half a century, its growth would not have been more than 4.5 percent per year (compared to 10 percent from 1960 to 1990) and we find more than one third of Rural involved in the growth of the city (two-thirds from 1960 to 1990). Despite this decline, the city is still the most populated in comparison to the second largest city in the country, Bouaké (1,500,000 inhabitants) or the political capital, Yamoussoukro (100,000 inhabitants).
Urban squalor.
Despite the case of the Probo Koala-2006, sanitary conditions which affect Africa could be solved in Abidjan. Indeed, a contract was signed between China and Ivory Coast: a Chinese company handling urban waste and industrial plans to treat all waste district this transformation also create daily cleaning. The project is funded 60 percent by China and 40 percent by Ivory Coast. A gigantic waste treatment center is built at Attengué. 15,000 permanent jobs and 5,000 seasonal jobs will be created through this project.
Urban rehabilitation.
The last building program of roads in Abidjan, led to the consolidation of certain roads in the capital in 1994. Since May 2007, the company Ageroute (Road Management Agency) is undertaking major operations in Abidjan and Anyama. These works relating to roads badly damaged, suffering from lack of maintenance, and heavy rain events, gutters, roads not tarred. The District and BNETD plan to rehabilitate and construct 400 to 500 kilometers, providing them with a quality 15 to 20 years of life.
Improvements include the rehabilitation of roads in Abidjan and Anyama, construction of drains, the tarring of gravel roads and sanitation of the city by the construction of sewers. These rehabilitations affect all municipalities in Abidjan:
Economy.
The principal stock exchange of the country, the Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM), is located in the city. Air Ivoire has its head office in Abidjan.
Prior to its dissolution, Air Afrique was headquartered in Abidjan.
Industry.
Major industries include food processing, lumber, automobile manufacturing, and the manufacture of textiles, chemicals, and soap. There is also a large oil refinery.
The region of the lagoons is the most industrialized region of the country.
Its industries are mainly Construction and Maintenance with the presence of major international groups: the furnace SETAO, Colas, Bouygues, Jean Lefebvre, and Swiss Holcim.
There are textile industries with the packaging of the grown cotton in the north either for export or for on-site processing of cloth, canvas, batik clothing and miscellaneous. The textile sector is very dynamic, representing 15.6percent of net investment, 13percent of turnover and 24percent of the value added of Ivorian industry.
There are several oil wells off the coast offshore operations (Ivory Coast is an oil producing country, even if it is not self-sufficient in this area), which leads to the presence chemical industry with refineries pétrole, et un port pour hydrocarbures, and a port for oil. It also works on stones and precious metals for exportation
The city also has a large wood processing activity mainly at the port by river from the forests of central Canada. It is exported either as natural as mahogany which was already sold two centuries ago by the English Victorian or in a semi-industrialized: peeled wood, plywood, chipboard.
In the food industry mainly include: the production of oil palm, processing of bergamot and Seville oranges, processing of rubber from plantations in the west, the manufacture of beverages from pineapples, oranges and mangoes, and especially the roasting of coffee, robust type, came from the plantations of the West whose country is the third largest producer, behind Colombia and Brazil as well as packaging and processing of cocoa, including Ivory Coast's, the world's leading producer to Ghana and Indonesia. (37% of cocoa and 10% of coffee products undergo at least one first local processing). Abidjan is also the first African tuna port, and three plants condition tuna primarily for the European market. This activity generates about 3,000 salaried jobs, and is an important source of foreign exchange.
As in all countries of the Third World developing countries, much of the city's economy lies in what economists describe as informal economy with its many "odd jobs".
Tertiary sector.
The development of tertiary industry, with the establishment of international commercial banks and the increasing number of service companies of all types, appears to be the trend of recent years.
Abidjan is the main financial center of French West Africa. The seat of the common purse of West Africa (BRVM) is located in Abidjan. BRVM is mainly dominated by Ivorian firms.
Electricity.
The thermal power plant Azito, built in 1997 in partnership with EDF, located on the Yopougon on the edge of the lagoon and facing Ébrié Island Boulay, alone provides 300 MW. Two other power plants, built in 1984 and 1985, are installed in Vridi. Several utilities are installed in Abidjan: CI Energies, formerly SOPIE, which is a corporation State, ICE and CIPREL, subsidiaries of the French group SAUR (Côte d'Ivoire produces all the electricity it consumes, and exports to neighboring countries, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Mali and Burkina Faso through the interconnection.)
The production, which increases steadily, and gas storage are provided by two state companies: PETROCI and GESTOCI. A small industry of renewable energy production has also developed.
Telecommunication and ICT.
The city has a powerful fixed telephony network of 450,000 lines (in 2004) managed by "Côte d'Ivoire Telecom". Broadband Internet connections, leased lines and ADSL are powered by various providers: Aviso Ivory Coast Telecoms. Africa is Line, Globe Access, Afnet, and as the news portal www.abidjan24.net
Banking system.
Abidjan is home to all the representatives of international financial institutions: World Bank, International Monetary Fund, African Development Bank, BOAD, etc. Banking Commission of WAEMU regional stock exchange securities subsidiaries of major international banks: BNP Paribas, General bank, Crédit Lyonnais, Citibank, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays, etc. Sixteen national banks (SGBCI, BICI, etc.) maintaining a network of 170 branches, seven financial institutions and more than thirty insurance companies make a financial competitive Abidjan that animates the entire West Africa.
Transportation.
Trains on the line to Ouagadougou run from several stations in the city, the most important being in Treichville. Ferries link Treichville, Abobo-Doumé and Le Plateau. Felix Houphouet Boigny International Airport serves the city.
Transport.
SOTRA (Abidjan Transport Company) ensure regular urban transportation in Abidjan via bus, taxi and luggage Line Express.
Sotra has announced the start of work for the use of light rail to Abidjan. The project has three phases at a cost of 125 billion CFA francs for a long loop of 32 km.
Taxis.
It is very difficult to imagine the streets of the city without cabs. There are two kinds: the taxi-meter, color orange, which can travel throughout the city, and woro-woro, yellow and green or blue or orange depending on the commune, which are limited to a neighborhood. They are often used in taxi mode
Airport.
Port Bouet Airport has a large capacity that allows it to accommodate all existing large aircraft. Abidjan is located an hour's flight from all the capitals of the sub-region. Abidjan is served by major airlines in the direction of the great capitals of the world. Headquarters of the former multinational African Air company, Abidjan knows a traffic of nearly 900,000 passengers (1995 figure)
Circulation.
The District has several paved streets and boulevards linking the towns between them and the District across the country. Abidjan has a network of urban bypasses.
River transport is already consistent with the fishing smacks and the many boat-buses connecting the various neighborhoods of the city thrives plan lagoon.
Abidjan is also the bridgehead of the country's only highway linking the city to the administrative and political capital, Yamoussoukro.
Port.
Abidjan has the biggest port in the sub-region (West Africa), which is also the second biggest in Africa; the biggest being in Lagos. It is a container transshipment port and was opened in 1951 in the presence of the Minister of Overseas and Colonies at the time, François Mitterrand. Thanks to the 15m deep Vridi Canal, boats with large draughts can dock in the deep-water port.
The Ivory Coast is in the Franc Zone (where the currency is CFA francs), as part of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (WAEMU). Abidjan is the economic centre of both the Ivory Coast and of the whole region, including Burkina Faso and Mali; this is mainly because of its deep-water port. The road network in Abidjan (5,600 km asphalted in 1995, compared to 1,000kmm in 1970), which covers the whole region, effectively increases its port activity as 50% of the business from Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger pass through it.
Abidjan receives the bulk of the country's industrial activity; its port alone receiving 60% of ivory park industry. Abidjan has ambitions of oil-production—off-shore production and especially refining and distribution. In 1995 the port received 12 million tonnes of traffic, of which 5.5 million tonnes were petroleum products.
Exports include coffee, cocoa, timber, bananas, pineapples, and manganese.
Bridges.
The two-halves of the city, Northern Abidjan and Southern Abidjan, are joined by the Houphouët-Boigny and Charles de Gaulle bridges. These two bridges are located between Treichville and Le Plateau. The Général-de-Gaulle Bridge extends over the immense Valéry Giscard d'Estaing Boulevard which leads to the airport. Unfortunately, their capacity is markedly insufficient, especially during rush hour times or on the occasion of police and military roadblocks, when there is immense traffic congestion. This assessment prompted the government to consider a construction project for a third possible bridge which would be located between Cocody and Marcory. However, due to political upheavals which the country has been experiencing since December 1999, these plans have been suspended, and according to the Minister for Infrastructure of the government under Guillaume Soro, they should have been taken up again in 2008. Yet the project had already been started: people had been relocated and buildings had been destroyed in Marcory, opposite the "Mille Maquis" (the famous restaurant "la Bâche bleue" was moved).
Trains and trams.
The city is the foothold for the region's only railway: the Abidjan-Ouagadougou line, with stations in Treichville, Abobo and Adjamé. This line only has two trains, the "Gazelle" and the "Bélier", and links the two capitals in about 40 hours.
The most recent project in Abidjan is one for an electric train which is promised by the Ivory Society of Railroads (SICF).
The development of infrastructural projects has been envisaged, including a suburban train system in Abidjan which is estimated to cost almost 100 billion CFA francs. This suburban train system would link the North-West to the East and North of the city. The project extends over 25 km of railway tracks which were used by the operator Sitarail, a subsidiary company of the Bolloré group. The infrastructural works (tracks, electrification, and civil engineers) have been estimated at 40 billion CFA francs, financed by the State of Ivory Coast and backers (World Bank and the French Development Agency). In addition, a BOT concession contract would be given to a private operator, over 20–30 years, to operate the network. This operator will be in charge of the acquisition of railway materials, workshop renovation and the implementation of an organisational system. The concession contract has been estimated at around 60 billion CFA francs.
Tourism.
Abidjan is a unique city in Africa. Its nicknames, such as "Manhattan of the tropics", "Small Manhattan" or "Pearl of the lagoons", explain the city's unpredictable and triumphant image. With its accommodation facilities – such as the Golf Hôtel – and sporting facilities, its lively night life, transport and communication lines as well as its impressiveness, it is the perfect city for business tourism.
Abidjan also has beaches around the lagoon, with palm and coconut trees, in the Vridi area, which are very popular at weekends with the picturesque sight of the pineapple and coconut sellers. Nevertheless, the "ban phenomenon", which affects practically the whole of the Gulf of Guinea's coast, means that in this area swimming is not usually allowed.
Generally, in the Ivory Coast, tourism has never really been developed as an economic industry; the country does not appear among common holiday destinations.
Parc du Banco (Banco National Park).
Converted in 1926, this park has 3,000 hectares and ancient "sacred wood" lies at the entrance to the city, in the Attécoubé community, which has been conserved as a relic of the first forest which surrounded the lagoon in the past. A tarmaced road goes straight to the lake at the heart of the park and trails go throughout it. The park is inhabited and there are coffee and cocoa plantations.
At the edge of the park, a small river serves as a wash-house where the "fanicos", laundry men, work after collecting the laundry from the whole of the city. It is one of the 'small jobs' which exist in Abidjan.
Night life.
Overall, the night life in Abidjan is considered to be one of the liveliest in the whole of Africa.
The district has an abundance of night-clubs, maquis, out-door areas and go-go bars. These entertainment platforms provide a musical 'pipeline' encompassing mainly DJs, Coupé Décalé and Zouglou, and, in lesser amounts, other local and international varieties.
Formerly containing only local traditional varieties, Congolese music and Western music, Abidjan's night life has experienced a positive cultural disruption in its music since the start of the 2000s, with the arrival of Coupé Décalé.
Indeed, this musical genre was introduced in 2002 by Douk Saga and JetSet, with the help of Sagacité, created a phenomenon which has not stopped spreading and reaching out to the hot nights in the capitals of the sub-region. It has given a cultural identity, globally identifiable, to entertainment 'Made in Côte d'Ivoire'.
The very popular Zouglou additionally benefits "Wôyô" spaces; furnished and dedicated so that the most famous, the Internat at Fitini's and the Lycee at Vieux Gazeur's, attract 'zouglouphiles' the whole weekend.
Treichville, with its many maquis, discothèques and jazz clubs, used to be the liveliest area in the city, but since the end of the 90s Youpougon, Marcory and Cocody have taken over this role.
Culture.
Religious buildings.
The Treichville mosque, the Cocody mosque, the Plateau Mosque, and Saint-Paul's Cathedral in Abidjan, created by the architect Aldo Spirito and inaugurated by Pope John Paul II in 1985, make up the city's main religious buildings. The cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Abidjan.
Cinema.
Festivals.
Each year film festivals are organised in Abidjan: The Clap-Ivoire Festival, the short film festival (FIMA), which has been organised since 1998 by Hanni Tchelley, the Abidjan Israeli Film Festival; the fourth one took place in 2006 in the Goethe Institute.
Abidjan in cinema.
Several films depict or are devoted to the city:
Music.
Abidjan is a turntable for West African music, and a major producer of musical art in Africa. The city attracts the majority of musicians from the Ivory Coast mainly because of its many discothèques, which allow artists to make their debut and express themselves, record companies and national media. Here are a few examples of the most popular artists to have made their debut in Abidjan: Alpha Blondy, Aïcha Koné, the group Magic System, Meiway, and Tiken Jah Fakoly, as well as Gadji Celi, Chantal Taiba, Nayanka Bell, DJ Arafat. In the 1980s Myriam Makeba came to the city, when she was not allowed back to her own country, South Africa, as did the Congolese diva Tshala Muana, apostle of the Soukous style of dance.
Since the 1990s Abidjan has had a significant variety of musical styles being exported throughout Africa and the West. These are namely Zoblazo, Mapouka, Zouglou and, since 2002, the Coupé Décalé; the popularity and great variety of these dances make the city a kind of African dance and musical trend capital. Congo-Kinchasa used to be known by this title; with Rumba, Soukous and then Ndombolo.
Abidjan is also considered to be the reggae capital of Africa.
Each year, the city organises the following music festivals:
Media.
Most mass media in the Ivory Coast can be found in Abidjan.
Television and radio.
The National Council for Audio-visual Communication (CNCA) is the regulating authority of audio-visual material in the Ivory Coast.
Radiodiffusion Television Ivoirienne (RTI) is the radio and television broadcasting authority for the Ivory Coast; it is financed by licence fees, publicity and grants. RTI has four television channels and two radio stations: "La Première" (non-specialised), "TV2", "RTI Music TV", "RTI Sport TV", "Radio Côte d'Ivoire", and "Fréquence 2" (non-specialised radio). "Radio Jam" is a private radio station in the Ivory Coast, and is the station the most listened to by young people.
With regards to private channels, Tam-Tam TV will be the first International Ivory Coast television channel with headquarters in Abidjan, with other studios in the United States, Italy, France, Asia, the Middle East.
There are also several Ivory Coast TV channels or radio stations available on the Internet: "Africahit", "Music TV", "Abidjan.net TV", "Bengueshow", etc.
Press.
At the time of the single-party, a political situation which ruled over the country for 30 years like most other West African countries after independence, only one daily newspaper was distributed throughout the country: Fraternité Matin, from the parliamentary group PDCI-RDA, which was founded by the first president, Félix Houphouët-Boigny. The advent of multiple parties in the Ivory Coast in 1999 can be seen in the proliferation of newspapers and diverse publications, of which the majority is published in Abidjan.
Internet and digital TV.
The President, the Prime Minister, the government and ministers have an official website.
Festivals and cultural events.
Fashion.
Several fashion events are organised in the city each year: "Les Féeries" (The Fairies), the ceremonies for Miss Côte d'Ivoire, Miss Abidjan District, Miss Christmas (from 6–11 years) and Miss Awoulaba (very prestigious). Moreover, the Yéhé Fashion Show takes place every year, a celebration of African fashion, and the International Festival of Lingerie and Beauty of Abidjan (FILBA).
Abidjan is also the headquarters for Ivory Coast's clothes designers, renowned for being the best in Africa; including Gilles Touré (designer for Miss Côte d'Ivoire) or even Pathéo.
Sport.
Ivory Coast national sport (basketball, athletics, rugby, handball, volleyball, etc.), especially football, is very popular in Abidjan. Abidjan is home to ASEC Mimosas, one of the country's leading football clubs.
Football.
Events :
The main football event organised in Abidjan was the 1984 African Cup of Nations and one of the finals of the 1983 African Youth Cup of Nations.
In 1964 the "Jeux d'Abidjan" took place in Abidjan, as did the final of the African Cup Winners' Cup in 1975, 1980, 1983 and 1990, then another in 1992 under the name of CAF Confederations Cup. The Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny was the host of the very first African Super Cup in 1992, and the second in 1998. The finals of the 1966, 1986, 1995 and 1998 CAF Champions League also took place in Abidjan.
The economic capital also attracted other football events such as the Assumption Tournament (the first one taking place in 2007 in the Stade Robert Champroux), the West African Club Championship (UFOA Cup), and international gala matches.
Other sports.
Basketball
Rugby
Abidjan is the centre of Ivorian rugby, and most of the Ivory Coast national rugby union team have come from here. Although the origins of Ivorian rugby go back to the 1960s and earlier, real growth came about when the paid French official Jean-François Turon managed to get the game adopted by Abidjan University at the turn of the 1980s, but it is François Dali who is seen as the father of Ivorian rugby, and his son was the national captain during the 1990s.
Cycling
Tennis
Judo
Athletics
Boxing
Golf

</doc>
<doc id="21371780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371780" title="James Sargeant">
James Sargeant

James Richard (Dick) Sargeant (born 17 March 1936 in Kobe, Japan) is an Australian sailor and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and won a gold medal in the 5.5 metre class.
Prior to Tokyo, Dick had been a crewman on Gretel, the Australian challenger for the 1962 America's Cup. After Tokyo, Dick continued his involvement with the Australian and international sailing world during the ensuing decades. He competed at Mexico City 1968 Olympics, where he and Carl Ryves sailed their Flying Dutchman class boat into fourth place, an agonising 0.7 points off a medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371788" title="Port Bouet Airport">
Port Bouet Airport

Port Bouet Airport , also known as Félix Houphouët-Boigny International Airport, is located 10 miles (16 kilometres) south east of Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire. It is the largest airport in the country for air traffic. The airport is the main hub of the national airline Air Côte d'Ivoire.
History.
The airport is managed by Aeria, a private Ivorian company, who continually developed the airport over the decades and contributing to making it one of the most modern and one of the main hubs of West Africa.
Disturbances that took place in Côte d'Ivoire in the early 2000s had a negative impact on the airport. It is a strategic infrastructure for both the evacuation of foreign nationals and the delivery of military equipment. In November 2004, during the French–Ivorian clashes that occurred in Abidjan, the airport was looted and damaged. It was taken back by French troops and returned to the Ivorian government in the second half of November. The airport was later refurbished by the Ivorian government and modernized with new modern facilities.
On the night of 2 to 3 April 2011, the airport was again taken by the French troops in order to evacuate French nationals and foreigners, as the final assault against the presidential palace was announced, during the battle for Abidjan. After the civil war ended in April 2011, the airport was returned to the Ivorian government and development projects, paused for almost a decade, were restarted.
Traffic.
Before the decade of political and military turmoil, the Felix-Houphouet-Boigny airport was among the most important in West Africa, with passenger traffic exceeding one million travelers in the late 1990s. The succession of political and military crises has seriously affected the country's image and reduced the importance of the airport in the sub-region in terms of traffic.
Development projects.
Following the gradual recovery of economic activities in Côte d'Ivoire from 2012, investments and projects to increase the capacity of the airport, provided in March 2010, are in the works since October 2011.
In February 2012, Abdoulaye Coulibaly, president of Aeria's board of directors wants to make the airport suitable for support of Airbus A380. Air France does not deny, in the medium and long term, to eventually use the A380 on the Paris-Abidjan line in the event of a strong economic growth.
On 4 May 2012, PROPARCO loans 10 billion CFA francs (15 million euros) to Aeria to fund a major expansion and modernization program for the airport. This loan is part of the renewal of Aeria's concession, effective 1 January 2010, for a period of 20 years. This concession provides investment programs in increments of five years. The first slice of 24 million dollars, includes the renovation of the international terminal, the rehabilitation of the charter terminal and development of new infrastructure.
In addition, there are provided an extension of the international terminal of a surface 11 000 to 26 000 m², the refurbishment of the aircraft parking area, renovation of access roads and the construction of a new parking lot. The ultimate goal is to create a commercial zone next to the airport, with a lodging area, hangars, a convention center, a free zone, office buildings, warehouses, exhibition halls, a shopping center and housing for dedicated staff. On 16 June 2012, the Radisson Hotels group announced the laying of the first stone of the future Radisson Blu at the airport. The construction of the five-star hotel, which will have 252 rooms, will take 24 months.
Airlines and destinations.
The Félix Houphouët-Boigny airport is densely connected to Europe (primarily via Air France, which offers ten weekly flights and Brussels Airlines) and to the rest of West Africa. Usually, the airport is served by over 20 airlines, covering more than 35 destinations.
Like most other airports in the sub-region, Félix Houphouët-Boigny airport hosts the hub of the national flag carrier, namely Air Côte d'Ivoire. It serves as a strategic platform for the company because it provides re-routing (correspondence) for passengers collected at airports of lower rank. 

</doc>
<doc id="21371837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371837" title="Wilma Rusman">
Wilma Rusman

Wilma Rusman (born Zukrowski on May 14, 1958) is a retired female long-distance runner from the Netherlands. She won the 1985 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon, clocking 2:35:32 on April 20, 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21371890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371890" title="Thornycroft family">
Thornycroft family

The Thornycroft family was a notable English family of sculptors, artists and engineers, connected by marriage to the historic Sassoon family. The earliest known mention of the family is stated in George Ormerod's "History of Cheshire" as during the reign of Henry III in the 13th century, taking its name from a Cheshire hamlet. Sir John Isaac Thornycroft (1843–1928) was the founder of the Thornycroft shipbuilding company.

</doc>
<doc id="21371914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371914" title="Joke Kleijweg">
Joke Kleijweg

Joke Kleijweg (born January 9, 1962) is a retired female long-distance runner from the Netherlands. She won the 1991 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon, clocking 2:34:18 on Sunday April 21, 1991. Later that year she competed at the World Championships in Tokyo, where she didn't finish the women's marathon race.
Kleijweg won the Parelloop 10K in race in the Netherlands in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="21371926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371926" title="Aakash (tablet)">
Aakash (tablet)

Aakash a.k.a Ubislate 7+, is an Android-based tablet computers promoted by Government of India as part of an initiative to link 25,000 colleges and 400 universities in an e-learning program. It is produced by the British-Canadian company DataWind. It is manufactured by the India-based company Quad, at a new production centre in Hyderabad, with a planned trial run of 100,000 units. The tablet was officially launched as the "Aakash" in New Delhi on 5 October 2011. The Indian Ministry of Human Resource Development announced an upgraded second-generation model called Aakash 2 in April 2012.
The Aakash is a low-cost tablet computer with a 7-inch touch screen, ARM 11 processor and 256 MB RAM running under the Android 2.2 operating system. It has two universal serial bus (USB) ports and delivers high definition (HD) quality video. For applications, the Aakash will have access to Getjar, an independent market, rather than the Android Market.
Originally projected as a "$35 laptop", the device will be sold to the Government of India and distributed to university students – initially at US$50 until further orders are received and projected eventually to achieve the target $35 price. A commercial version of Aakash is currently marketed as "UbiSlate 7+" at a price of $60. The Aakash 2, codenamed UbiSlate 7C, was released on 11 November 2012 and has a configuration that is an improvement over previous versions. The tablet will be sold to MHRD at a cost of Rs.2263 and subsidised to Rs.1130 for students.
Etymology.
The device was initially called the "Sakshat" tablet, later changed to "Aakash ", which is derived from the Sanskrit word "Akasha" (Devanagari आकाश) with several related meanings, aether, empty space, and outer space. The word in Hindi means "sky".
History.
The aspiration to create a "Made in India" computer was first reflected in a prototype "Simputer" that was produced in small numbers. Bangalore based CPSU, Bharat Electronics Ltd manufactured around 5,000 Simputers for Indian customers from 2002–07. In 2011, Kapil Sibal announced an anticipated low-cost computing device to compete with the One Laptop per Child (OLPC) initiative, though intended for urban college students rather than the OLPC's rural, underprivileged students.
A year later, the MHRD announced that the low-cost computer would be launched in six weeks. Nine weeks later, the MHRD showcased a tablet named "Aakash", not nearly what had been projected and at US$60 rather than the projected $35. "NDTV" reported that the new low-cost tablet was considerably less able than the previously shown prototype and was going to cost about twice as much.
While it was once projected as a laptop computer, the design has evolved into a tablet computer. At the inauguration of the national Mission on Education Programme organised by the Union HRD Ministry in 2009, joint secretary N. K. Sinha had said that the computing device is 10 inches (which is around 25.5 cm) long and 5 inches (12.5 cm) wide and priced at around $30.
India's Minister of Human Resource Development, Kapil Sibal, unveiled a prototype on 22 July 2010, which was later given out to 500 college students to collect feedback. The price of the device exhibited was projected at $35, eventually to drop to $20 and ultimately to $10. After the device was unveiled, OLPC chairman Nicholas Negroponte offered full access to OLPC technology at no cost to the Indian team.
The tablet was shown on the television program "Gadget Guru" aired on NDTV in August 2010, when it was shown to have 256 MB RAM and 2 GB of internal flash-memory storage and demonstrated running the Android operating system featuring video playback, internal Wi-Fi and cellular data via an external 3G modem.
The device was developed as part of the country's aim to link 25,000 colleges and 400 universities in an e-learning program. Originally projected as a "$35 laptop", the device was planned to be sold to the Government of India and distributed to university students – initially at US$50 until further orders are received and projected eventually to achieve the target $35 price.
A commercial version was eventually released online as the UbiSlate7 tablet PC at and the Ubislate7+ tablet PC at on 11 November 2012 with plans to offer it at a subsidized cost for students of . As of February 2012, DataWind had over 1,400,000 pre-orders, but had only shipped 10,000 units – 0.7% of orders. As of November 2012, many customers who put in orders still had not received their computers and were offered refunds.
Specifications.
As released on 5 October 2011, the Aakash features an overall size of 190.5 x 118.5 x 15.7 mm with a resistive touchscreen, a weight of and using the Android 2.2 operating system with access to the proprietary marketplace Getjar (not the Android Market), developed by DataWind.
The processor runs at 366 MHz; there is a graphics accelerator and HD video coprocessor. The tablet has 256 MB RAM, a micro SD slot with a 2 GB Micro SD card (expandable to 32 GB), two USB ports, a 3.5 mm audio output and input jack, a 2100 mAh battery, Wi-Fi capability, a browser developed by DataWind, and an internal cellular and Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) modem. Power consumption is 2 watts, and there is a solar charging option.
The Aakash is designed to support various document (DOC, DOCX, PPT, PPTX, XLS, XLSX, ODT, ODP,PDF), image (PNG, JPG, BMP and GIF), audio (MP3, AAC, AC3, WAV, WMA) and video (MPEG2, MPEG4, AVI, FLV) file formats and includes an application for access to YouTube video content.
"Storage": Some of the above tablets will have a micro-SD slot, and a 2 GB micro-SD flash memory card, upgradable to 32 GB, to store user data and programs not run from ROM. In Android 2.3 some applications' data can be moved from the ROM to the memory card.
"Memory": ROM size has apparently not been stated by Datawind, but is estimated to be either 256 MB or 2 GB. Both tablets have graphics processing cards, but the graphics memory size and GPU speed have not been stated .
"Google Android Market": Aakash has no SIM card and insufficient processing power to use Google's Android Market, and will instead use the GetJar Marketplace. Aakash 2 will have access to Google's Android Market confirmed by Google.
"Network": Aakash supports wireless local area network (wireless LAN or Wi-Fi). It does not support any cellular networks. In addition to Wi-Fi, UbiSlate-7+ has GPRS Internet connection, a second generation Internet connection. External 3G USB modem is not supported.
Applications.
Preloaded applications:
Note: UbiSlate 7 Series Tablets are not pre-loaded with any File Explorer or Android Store.
Browser.
DataWind announced that their browser will use data compression technology to speed up data transmission. While pre-compressed data such as ZIP files, JPEG images, MP3 audio, MPEG video will not show significantly improved transmission speeds, uncompressed data will be transmitted in as little as one sixth the time, depending upon how efficiently it can be compressed. If and when successfully combined with Server-side web compression, 1G Analog Internet service might actually be able to compete with 2G or 3G digital internet service. Datawind claims that their browser can give up to 30 times faster speeds.
In the Box.
Welcome statement
Development and testing.
Kapil Sibal has stated that a million devices would be made available to students in 2011. The devices will be manufactured at a cost of 1500 (€23 Euro) each, half of which will be paid by the government and half by the institutions that would use it. In January 2011, the company initially chosen to build the Sakshat, HCL Infosystems, failed to provide evidence that they had at least 600 million ($12.2 million) in bank guaranteed funds, as required by the Indian government, which has allocated $6.5 million to the project. As a result, the government put the project out for bidding again.
In June 2011,the HRD announced that it received a few samples from the production process which are under testing. Also it mentions that each state in India provided 3000 samples for testing on their functionality, utility and durability in field conditions. The Government of India announced that 10,000 (Sakshat) tablet will be delivered to schools and colleges by late June and over the next four months 90,000 more would be made available at a price of 2500 device.
Government will subsidize the cost by about 50%, so a student would have to pay less than 1,500 for the device. Indian Ministry of Education is releasing educational videos in conjunction with IGNOU and at sakshat.ac.in. This preparation of content is meant for students with access to the Internet, India's first law-biding Online Video Library.
Software Development
DataWind, the maker of Aakash, has announced a contest for students wherein their best applications will be embedded in the Ubislate(Aakash Tablet). Top 5 application winners will be awarded Rs 100,000 each. Nasscom Foundation has partnered with DataWind and announced a contest wherein 10 NGOs will have an opportunity to win 20 tablets each, mainly to improve their operations and programme implementation.
Hardware Development
IIT-Rajasthan's specifications were 1.2 GHz CPU and 700 MB RAM. It wanted the tablet to work after steep falls and in Monsoon season, making the cost over Rs 5000. So responsibility of drafting specifications will be shifted to IIT Mumbai, IIT Madras and IIT Kanpur while PSUs are being considered for procurement of the Aakash Tablet. 
Aakash 2 could have the 1 GB RAM, Capacitive TouchScreen Panel and a front facing camera of VGA Quality (0.3MP), capable of capturing video, that was announced earlier by Kapil Sibal. This version of tablet may be announced only after October 2012, because of low funds in procuring the raw material for assembling and also setting up of assembling plant at Noida and Coimbatore. The Govt. officials say that the tablet may not be realised due to the pressure from various institutes and meagre support from the Indian Government in regard to the funds regarding the process of the tablet procurement and assembly of the same.
35% of hardware components were sourced from South Korea, 25% from China, 16% from the USA, 16% from India and 8% from other countries.
Reception.
Problems such as low memory, frequent system freezes, poor sound quality, absence of support for all formats and inability to install free software available online were also cited by users. Technical commentator Prasanto Roy criticised issues such as a low battery life, an insufficient 7" screen and absence of training and support infrastructure, especially in rural areas. UbiSlate 7+ will be released by 2012. The producer has finalized the improvements of Aakash.
After receiving feedback of the early release model from over 500 users from educational institutions, DataWind announced the next iteration that will have a new microprocessor of 700 MHz versus the original 366 MHz processor. This will improve the speed of the tablet and solve the existing problems of quick overheating, frequent system freeze, poor sound quality, absence of support for all formats and the inability to install free online software. The amount of memory, storage, and USB ports will remain the same.
On 16 December 2011, DataWind opened Aakash ordering online in their official website at 2500 with one week delivery time and cash on delivery facility and its upgraded version Ubislate 7+ is available for pre-order at 2999. On 19 December 2011, DataWind reported that the first phase of Aakash tablet had been sold out completely, just three days since it was opened for Online order. UbiSlate 7+ production capacity of January, February and March has already been sold. Now, April production is open for pre-Booking. By 3 January 2012 1.4 million orders had been received since the UbiSlate 7+ was put up for sale online. By the end of January 2012 pre-orders for UbiSlate 7+ have crossed two million. By 13 April 2012, Datawind severed connection with its supplier Quad, further delaying the assembly of UbiSlate 7+. While Quad claims DataWind hasn’t paid it, the Canadian company alleges that its former partner infringed its intellectual property rights by trying to sell directly to the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Rajasthan.
In the November 2012 issue of PCQuest (magazine), some letters described Datawind to be a fraud company and the users want to sue the company in consumer court. 
Plans.
On 26 April 2012 Datawind launched UbiSlate 7+ and Ubislate 7C tablet in physical stores at Delhi. Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) has announced the plan to launch LTE(4G) Tablet between 3500–5000, with low cost Internet service. This tablet will be an upgraded version of Aakash developed by DataWind. Indian Govt. HRD has revealed that Aakash 2 will be announced in May 2012. Hindustan Computers Limited (HCL), Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), DataWind, Wishtel, and Telmoco Development Labs are Interested in bidding at the Aakash 2 contract auction.
The low cost Akash tablet is under trials in IIT Bombay and is being tested against the new specifications.
Indian government hopes also to produce Aakash for export market. On a visit to Turkmenistan in September 2012, the Indian telecom Minister Kapil Sibal, suggested forming a joint venture company which may manufacture Aakash. In this joint venture, Indian side would design the necessary hardware and software of the tablet fulfilling the Turkmen side needs. Besides supplying the low-cost tablets, the joint venture company could market the product to other international markets.
According to allegations made in the Hindustan Times, the Tuli brothers "may have" procured these devices off-the-shelf from manufacturers in China and sold them to the Indian government at the purchase price. Suneet Singh Tuli, CEO of DataWind however insisted that only the manufacture of the motherboards were subcontracted to Chinese manufacturers, following which the components were placed in DIY kits which DataWind assembled and sold to the Indian government HRD. Chinese manufacturers allege that they sold "ready-to-use" tablets to Datawind, and that they manufactured the touch screens as well. Tuli, however, insists that the touch screens were manufactured by DataWind in Canada.
Competition.
Other low cost tablets compete against Datawind's UbiSlate 7 series tablets.

</doc>
<doc id="21371928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371928" title="ALP-45DP">
ALP-45DP

The ALP-45DP is a type of single cab dual-mode locomotive being built by Bombardier Transportation for use by New Jersey Transit and Agence métropolitaine de transport.
Operators.
New Jersey Transit.
In 2008 New Jersey Transit placed an order for 26 dual powered locomotives from Bombardier Transportation, part of capital investment program including acquisition of 329 Bombardier Multi Level Coaches and 27 ALP-46A electric locomotives. Funding for an additional 9 units was approved in July 2010, as part of NJ Transit's 2011 capital budget. bringing the total owned by NJ Transit up to 35.
The first of the NJT locomotives was displayed at Innotrans in 2010.
The locomotives are providing service on the Morristown Line, Northeast Corridor Line, Montclair-Boonton Line, and more recently (March 3, 2014) on the Raritan Valley Line providing a long awaited one seat ride into New York Penn Station, (changing from diesel to electric power at Newark Penn Station). .
They are numbered 4500 upwards to 4534.
The first locomotive was officially unveiled at Newark Penn Station on May 11, 2011.
Unit 4506 was the first to enter revenue service on the Montclair-Boonton Line as train 1006, on May 30, 2012.
Agence métropolitaine de transport.
In 2008 Montreal's Agence métropolitaine de transport (AMT) ordered 20 locomotives (with an option for 10 more), the order value was €152 million. The locomotives are for use on the Mascouche Line (AMT) to Montreal Central Station via the electrified Mount Royal Tunnel.
They are to be numbered 1350-1369.
AMT 1350 arrived in Montreal on June 9, 2011, after being shipped to Newark and then moving north to its new home.
Design.
The ALP-45DP is an electro-diesel locomotive design derived from Bombardier's ALP-46 and TRAXX locomotives. Design requirements included mass less than , length less than 75 ft, and emissions within EPA limits; the challenge of fitting both diesel plant and electric transformer within the same carbody and weight limits led to the choice of two high-speed twelve cylinder Caterpillar 3512HD rated at each. Each engine system is independent including a separate fuel tank, allowing the locomotive to operate on one engine in case of failure, or under low load. The engines are capable of shorter startup times from idle to load (100 rpm/s) than traditional medium speed diesel engines. To achieve mass balance and distribution within the locomotive, the engines are situated on either side of the transformer, which is located in the center of the locomotive. The engines were manufactured at Lafayette, Indiana, USA.
Under diesel power each diesel engine powers a MITRAC TG 3800A alternator, (output of 1700kVA @ 1800rpm) Power output is reduced from 6700 hp (including HEP) in electric mode to 4200 hp in diesel mode, under diesel power the same tractive effort curve is maintained up to around (assuming ~2.2MW available for traction).
The pantograph is of TransTech design. The ABB supplied main transformer has four secondary taps, switchable to supply 1360V under all electrification supplies. There are two main converters, (type MITRAC TC 3360 DP.) one per bogie, which convert the single phase input to a 2800V intermediate DC link using IGBT based rectifiers. Each DC link powers two traction converters, with each traction inverter powering a separate traction motor. The locomotives uses four MITRAC DR 3700 F, fully suspended, bogie mounted traction drives, to reduce unsprung mass,
In addition to taps for the traction inverters the locomotive transformer provides a 1100 kVA and a 140 kVA supply for head end power and locomotive auxiliary power. Two partially redundant auxiliary inverters are incorporated into the two main converter units. Under normal operation one provides a 3 phase, 480 V 60 Hz 1100 kVA supply for head end power, while the other provides several 3 phase variable voltage, variable frequency supply (up to 480V 60 Hz) for the traction motor fans, transformer fans, and inverter cooling circuit motors. In the event of a converter failure, it is possible to route all supply through a single converter, ensuring redundancy and margin of error operations. 
Because the pantograph is not dropped until the diesels have been started during electric to diesel mode change, and the diesels are not shut off until contact with the wire has been made by the pantograph in diesel to electric mode change, HEP is maintained when switching modes. The change over takes approximately 100 seconds in either direction.
The braking system uses Wabtec's Fastbrake control system; there are two disc brakes per axle, as well as wheel tread brakes. The mechanical parts of the brake system were supplied by Faiveley Transport. Compressed air supply is charged through a Knorr screw compressor with a capacity of 3400 lmin−1 at 10 bar pressure, stored two 480 liter air reservoirs. The dynamic and regenerative braking system operates under all three NJT electrical systems.
The locomotives are within Amtrak's A-05-1355 structure gauge, and meets CFR and AAR crashworthiness standards. The diesel engines meet Tier 3 EPA emission standards, and work is being done to enable an upgrade to Tier 4 standards, which take effect in 2015. Total length is 21.8m; approximately 2m longer than the ALP-46A.
The bodyshells of the locomotive were constructed at Bombardier's Wrocław site, bogies at Siegen, alternators from its Hennigsdorf factory; the locomotives were assembled at Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="21371938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371938" title="Germany–Switzerland relations">
Germany–Switzerland relations

Diplomatic relations between Germany and Switzerland are Switzerland's closest. Between Switzerland and Germany; and between Switzerland and the European Union (EU), of which Germany is a member, there are over 200 agreements. Switzerland is also part of the EU's Schengen Area which abolishes international borders between Schengen states.
Germany is Switzerland's most important trading partner and a third of all imports to Switzerland come from Germany (more than Italy, France, the Netherlands and the United States combined). Switzerland is also the third largest foreign investor in Germany (after other EU states and the United States) and Swiss companies also employ 260,000 people in Germany. Germany is the fifth largest investor in Switzerland and German companies employ 94,000 people in Switzerland.
The two are also the other's largest group of foreign visitors and Switzerland the most popular emigration destination for Germans. The German population in Switzerland is the second largest foreign group (after Italians) and the number of Swiss living in Germany has increased by 11% to 76,000. Most of these emigrants are highly qualified professionals such as university teachers.
The two share a border and a language (German is one of Switzerland's four official languages). More than 44,000 Germans commute across the border every day and there is strong cross border cooperation, particularly on the Upper Rhine and Lake Constance. However relations are strained by unresolved tax issues and German restrictions on flights into Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="21371954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371954" title="Crocodile Tears">
Crocodile Tears

Crocodile Tears is the eighth novel in the "Alex Rider" series by British author Anthony Horowitz. It was released in the UK on 12 November 2009, published by Walker Books, and in the U.S. on 17 November 2009. On 17 December 2008, the title was revealed (in code) to be "Crocodile Tears". The book was succeeded by "Scorpia Rising", released in March 2011.
Plot.
A nuclear technician in India plants a bomb on a pump in a nuclear power station in Jowada but is killed by the blast. A cloud of nuclear steam slowly travels towards Jowada, and a charity called First Aid quickly reacts to the disaster.
Meanwhile Alex Rider is spending New Year's with Sabina Pleasure and her family in Scotland. He goes to a New Year's Eve party hosted by the rich businessman Desmond McCain, founder of the fictitious charity First Aid. As Alex, Sabina, and her father drive home, a sniper shoots the tire of their car, causing them to lose control and crash into a loch. Alex, Sabina, and her father barely escape from the vehicle. Their escape is helped by an Indian man who is unidentified and unknown to them at the time.
Alex is later approached by a journalist named Harry Bulman who wants to publicise Alex's MI6 activities. Alex is forced to cooperate with MI6 on one last mission if they want Bulman to get out of his life. He is tasked with finding more information about a genetically modified plants research facility named Greenfields. He enters the facility while on a school trip and plugs in a USB drive to copy the contents of director Leonard Straik's computer. Straik (who is accompanied by McCain) discovers that the computer has been compromised and orders a massive manhunt to find the person responsible. Alex barely escapes the facility alive. McCain recognizes Alex, however, and contacts Bulman to learn more about him. After Bulman discloses all that he knows, McCain murders him to keep him silent.
McCain kidnaps Alex and flies him into Kenya. McCain reveals that he created his charity, First Aid, to steal money from the general public, responding to disasters that he creates himself. Preparing his charity for these engineered disasters, First Aid arrives on the scene first and collects a large sum of money. McCain also explains that he asked Greenfields to engineer a poison called ricin for crops that would kill half the population of Africa. McCain says he will make hundreds of millions of pounds during the first few months of the plague and intends to steal the money before running away and assuming a new identity in South America (Switzerland in the American version). The Wheat would start producing the poison when given the biological trigger of a mold Alex found at Greenfields.
McCain takes Alex to a nearby river and makes him hang from a pole above a river infested with hungry crocodiles. After interrogating Alex McCain decides to go back on his deal and leave Alex to die hanging from the pole whilst Bennett watches. Whilst Bennett mocks Alex a man creeps up behind her and murder her, the remains are eaten by the crocodiles. Alex is rescued by the man and remembers that he is the same person from the loch. The man reveals himself to be Rahim and states that he works for the Indian Secret Service which sent him to kill McCain as an act of revenge for the Jowada nuclear disaster. Rahim admits that he can not shoot McCain as he is well guarded but states that he has a bomb which he can use on a plane to eliminate McCain. Alex reveals McCain's plans and how he wants to combat them. Rahim states that he does not have enough explosive to blow the dam up nor can he do it as he is injured. Alex then sends a note via RAW to MI6 and Jack stating that he is safe. Due to his injuries Rahim passes out and Alex steals the bomb and sets off for the dam. Alex blows up the dam with a bomb, killing everybody except himself. He is rescued by Rahim in a plane. All the crops that were carrying the poison were destroyed in the flood.
They touch down at a nearby airport to refuel, but McCain arrives and shoots Rahim, killing him. Alex jumps out of the plane, but injures his ankle in the process. Just when Alex is about to be killed, he rolls a barrel of fuel over to McCain and blows it up with an explosive gel pen Smithers gave him. Alex watches as McCain burns to death in a pillar of flame.
A few weeks later Alex is back in London healing from his wounds. Jack comes in and sits with him, reminding him that his fifteenth birthday is coming soon. She also assures him that this was his last mission and that MI6 will leave him alone. Alex briefly smiles and rests for the day.

</doc>
<doc id="21371977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371977" title="Billinghurst">
Billinghurst

Billinghurst is a town in General San Martín Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is located in the Greater Buenos Aires urban agglomeration.
Toponomy.
The settlement is named after Mariano Billinghurst (26 November 1810 – 13 June 1892), an Argentine-born businessman of English descent who was extensively involved in the development of the railways in Buenos Aires and the homonymous province. His name is also present in the name of a street that joins Santa Fe in the Recoleta neighborhood of the city of Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="21371982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371982" title="Sitlika Range">
Sitlika Range

The Sitlika Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, bounded by the Fall River and Ogden Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21371997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21371997" title="Ido-Osi">
Ido-Osi

Ido-Osi is in Ekiti State, Nigeria.
The local government is full of rural towns and villages that cherishes education and has almost 10% of the total professors in the country, and one of the local government districts of the Ekiti State. It is very close to other local districts, Moba, Ijero, Ilejemeje and Ado. The local government comprises towns Aaye, Ido, Usi, Ayetoro, Ilogbo, Osi, Ifaki, Orin, Ora, Igbole and some other smaller villages. The local government headquarters is hosted by Ido with the secretariat sited in between Ido town and Usi. Among her contemporary in Ekiti State, Ido-Osi has highly educated people with early siting of churches and a primary school in Usi Ekiti just immediately a school was established in Ado-Ekiti the present state capital. Notable individuals like the former state governor Oni is from Ifaki,a town in the local government. 

</doc>
<doc id="21372012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372012" title="Alcohol laws of Utah">
Alcohol laws of Utah

The alcohol laws of Utah regulate the selling and purchasing of alcohol in the United States state of Utah, and are some of the most restrictive in the USA.
A person must be 21 years old to buy or consume alcohol. The Utah Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control (UDABC) has regulated the sale of alcoholic beverages since 1935, two years after the end of prohibition. Utah is one of 18 control states, meaning the state has a monopoly over the wholesaling and/or retailing of some or all categories of alcoholic beverages.
Current Utah law sets a limit of 3.2 percent alcohol by weight (4 percent by volume) in beer sold at grocery and convenience stores and at establishments operating under a "beer only" type license, such as taverns, beer bars and some restaurants. Beer over 3.2 percent by weight (4 percent by volume) is available in State Liquor Stores and Package Agencies and at clubs and restaurants licensed to sell liquor. In commercial facilities, the time at which alcohol may be served is limited, and alcohol may not be sold any later than 1 am under any circumstance.
Background.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, to which a majority of Utahns belong, teaches its members against the consumption of alcohol. Because of this traditional Mormon belief and the large population of Mormons in Utah, the alcohol laws of Utah have generally been strict.
2002 Winter Olympic Games.
During the 2002 Winter Olympic Games, the Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control (UDABC) relaxed enforcement of Utah's alcohol laws. This helped lead to less restrictive laws that came into effect in May 2003. This came after complaints, particularly after an incident in which an International Olympic Committee official complained.
2009 efforts for reform.
Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr. (in office 2005–2009), a member of LDS church, had been a proponent of loosening of alcohol laws. He believed reform would be favorable to the state's tourism industry.
These changes turned out to be favorable to Utah, especially during Utah's ski season. Perhaps the most popular among tourists and locals was the 2009 disbanding of private clubs. Effective in June 2009, bars and clubs were no longer required to charge a cover, or a membership fee, which made liquor more accessible to tourists and locals alike.
Even though homebrewing of beer and wine had been popular for many years in Utah, with multiple retail and even wholesale outlets for purchasing supplies, and ingredients, there was no law forbidding it or allowing it on the books. In March 2009, homebrewing for the citizens of the state was made legal.
Current Utah Laws.
As of November, 2011, Restaurants and clubs are prohibited from serving beer until 10:00 am and not after 1:00 am.UDAB 
Utah State Senator John L. Valentine is introducing a bill that will allow each chain restaurant that enters Utah to obtain a "master" license for all of their locations, instead of having to apply for a liquor license at each individual location. This is hoped to speed up the process of obtaining liquor licenses when otherwise there are many locations of the same restaurant applying for a single license every month.
On March 8, 2013, the Utah legislature passed a law allowing restaurant patrons to order alcohol before ordering food after a controversial series of citations was issued to several restaurants.
Public opinion.
According to a survey conducted by the LDS sponsored media outlet "Deseret News" in 2005, the majority of Utahns support the current alcohol laws. 70 percent support the current 3.2 percent alcohol limit, and one third believe the laws are too restrictive.

</doc>
<doc id="21372037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372037" title="Vital Range">
Vital Range

The Vital Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, bounded by Fall Creek, Silver Creek and Kenny Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21372045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372045" title="Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger">
Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger

Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger (3 September 1872, Třebíč – 27 March 1938, Vienna) was an Austrian gardener and landscape architect.
He was born in Trebitsch, Moravia, Austria–Hungary (now Třebíč, Czech Republic).
Son of a judge in Moravia, after completing his gimnazial studies, Rottenberger started working as gardener and landscape architect for the parks of various Moravian estates. In 1892 he was hired by the administration of the park of Schönbrunn Palace first as chief of the park chancellery, then as chief of the castle's park, and finally as administrator of the Imperial Gardens at Schönbrunn Palace.
After the establishment of the Austrian republic, Rottenberger was appointed federal gardener. In this capacity he was in charge of the reconstruction of the Schönbrunn Imperial Gardens, which had been destroyed after the end of World War I. He also organized a commerce of seeds and plants which improved the financial situation of the park's administration. The botanical collection of Schönbrunn became the second largest in Europe.
In 1922 Rottenberg was the first recipient of the Golden Hügelmedall. From 1923 to 1934 he was President of the Österreichische Gartenbaugesellschaft. He was also coeditor of the Austrian magazine "Gartenzeitung".
Rottenberger died in Vienna, Austria, aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="21372064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372064" title="1st Independent Company (Australia)">
1st Independent Company (Australia)

The 1st Independent Company was one of twelve independent or commando companies raised by the Australian Army for service in World War II. Raised in 1941, the 1st Independent Company served in New Ireland, New Britain and New Guinea in the early stages of the war in the Pacific, taking part in a major commando raid on Salamaua in June 1942. Having lost a large number of men captured by the enemy as well as a number of battle casualties, the company was withdrawn from New Britain later in 1942. The company was subsequently disbanded, with its surviving members being transferred to other commando units, and it was never re-raised.
History.
The 1st Independent Company was formed in May/June 1941 and was trained at the No. 7 Infantry Training Centre at Tidal River on Wilsons Promontory in Victoria. Originally the company was raised to serve in the Middle East although, at that time there was uncertainty about the role that the company would fill there. Indeed within the Australian Army there was a section that saw no need for the independent companies, believing that they would prove to be more of a drain on resources than anything else. However, later in 1941, as the threat of war with Imperial Japan loomed, the main body of the company was sent to Kavieng, New Ireland, to protect Kavieng airfield whilst other sections were sent to Namatanai on New Ireland, Vila in the New Hebrides, Tulagi on Guadalcanal, Buka on Bougainville, and Lorengau on Manus Island to act as observers and provided medical treatment to the inhabitants.
Commanded by Major James Edmonds-Wilson, in the event of an invasion of New Britain by the Japanese the 1st Independent Company was under orders to resist long enough to destroy key airfields and other military installations such as fuel dumps, before withdrawing south to wage a guerrilla war. They did not have to wait very long, as on 21 January 1942, a preparatory bombing raid by about sixty Japanese aircraft attacked Kavieng. A number of aircraft were shot down, however, the company's only means of escape, the schooner "Induna Star", was damaged. Nevertheless, despite the damage the crew managed to sail the vessel to Kaut where they started to repair the damage. As they did so, the commandos withdrew across the island to Sook, having received word that a large Japanese naval force was approaching the island.
In the early morning of 22 January 1942, the Japanese landed at Kavieng with between 3,000 and 4,000 troops. As the lead Japanese troops reached Kavieng airfield, fighting broke out as the small force that had remained at the airfield blew up the supply dump and other facilities. Fighting their way out, the commandos withdrew towards the main force at Sook, although a number of men were captured in the process. Once the company had regrouped at Sook, on 28 January they withdrew further south to Kaut, where they helped with the repair of the "Induna Star", before setting out along the east coast of the island. They reached Kalili Harbour on 31 January but after learning that the fighting on New Britain was over and that the Japanese had occupied Rabaul, it was decided to sail for Port Moresby.
On 2 February the schooner was sighted by a Japanese plane which subsequently attacked, causing considerable damage to the vessel as well as destroying one of its lifeboats and causing a number of casualties. The "Induna Star" began taking on water and as a result the men were forced to surrender. Under escort by a Japanese aircraft and then later a destroyer, they were instructed to sail to Rabaul where they became prisoners of war.
After a few months at Rabaul, the officers were separated from their NCOs and men. The officers were transported to Japan where they remained in captivity for the rest of the war, whilst the NCOs and men, along with other members of Lark Force that had been captured and a number of civilians, where put on to the Japanese passenger ship "Montevideo Maru" for transportation. Traveling unescorted, the "Montevideo Maru" sailed from Rabaul on 22 June. On 1 July the ship was sighted by an American submarine, the USS "Sturgeon", off the coast of the Luzon, Philippines. The USS "Sturgeon" torpedoed and sunk the "Montevideo Maru", without realising it was a prisoner of war vessel. Only a handful of the Japanese crew were rescued, with none of the between 1,050 and 1,053 prisoners aboard surviving as they were still locked below deck. All 133 men from the 1st Independent Company who were aboard the "Montevideo Maru" were either killed or drowned.
Meanwhile, the sections of the company that had not been with the main group at Kavieng managed to avoid capture by the Japanese. Working with the coastwatchers, they reported Japanese movements and carried out demolitions until they were later evacuated or escaped from the islands between April and May 1942. A reinforcement platoon had been trained, sailed on the "Macdui", arrived at Port Moresby 10 March 1942 becoming Independent Platoon Port Moresby for defence purposes. In April 1942, under the command of Captain Roy Howard, it was moved to Kudjeru, in New Guinea, to guard against possible Japanese movement south of Wau along the Bulldog Track. In the process they became the first Australian Army unit to cross the Owen Stanley Range. In June a section fought alongside the 2/5th Independent Company as part of Kanga Force where they participated in a major raid on the Japanese at Salamaua. Eventually, however, as a result of the losses suffered during the 1942 campaigns it was decided that the company would be disbanded and as the survivors were transferred to other commando units, the 1st Independent Company was never raised again.
Throughout the course of the unit's existence, it suffered 142 men killed in action or died while prisoners of war. One member of the company was awarded the Military Cross.
Structure.
The 1st Independent Company was composed of a company headquarters, three platoons named A, B and C, each of 3 sections numbered in series from 1 to 9, plus an engineer section, a signals section, a medical section and a transport section.

</doc>
<doc id="21372066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372066" title="Gaby Ahrens">
Gaby Ahrens

Gaby Diana Ahrens (born 15 March 1981 in Windhoek) is a Namibian sport shooter. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Women's trap event, where she finished in 20th and final place in the qualification round. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was the Namibian flag-bearer and again competed in the Women's trap, where she finished in 22nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="21372075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372075" title="Espee Range">
Espee Range

The Espee Range is a subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Pelly Creek and Tucha Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21372076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372076" title="Datsun Bluebird 910">
Datsun Bluebird 910

The Datsun Bluebird 910 is an automobile which was produced by Nissan from 1979 to 1993.
Nissan began realigning its export names with its home market names with the 910 series in November 1979. The 'B' tags were dropped in favour of 'Bluebird', though the models were marketed as 'Datsun Bluebird' initially. The Bluebird 910, which was the last rear-wheel drive Bluebird, featured simple clean-cut squared-off lines, unlike the "Coke Bottle" styling of its predecessor. It did however retain the same engine range, the same McPherson strut suspension and the same wheelbase as the 810.
For the export models, a 'Nissan' badge began appearing in 1981. However in Australia, where 130,000 910s were built between 1981 and 1986, the name change from Datsun Bluebird to Nissan Bluebird did not occur until 1983.
After eight years the Bluebird returned to the Taiwanese market. Yulon had replaced the Bluebird with the Nissan Violet in 1971. The new model was considered to be in a new class and was now known as the "Yue Loong Bluebird 911". Until then, Yue Loong had reserved the 900-series for the larger Laurels. After a facelift, the car became the 912.
Nissan New Zealand assembled several versions of the Bluebird 910. These were shipped in CKD from Japan, including a top ZX model that was the first, and only, car to be assembled in the country with electrically adjustable Japanese domestic style 'hockey stick' rear view mirrors on the front guards (which had to be sent out after kit unpacking for a local specialist to stamp the mounting holes). NZ cars initially had the two-tone brown interior; this was switched to grey at the mid-life facelift when the top model's power exterior mirrors were relocated to the door mounting now universal today. Japan itself eventually phased out the mandatory wing-mount mirrors that also distinguished thousands of used cars imported from Japan into NZ in the late 1980s and early 90s.
In Japan, the six-cylinder Bluebird of the 610 and 810 series was replaced by the Skyline based Nissan Leopard with the Bluebird returning to four-cylinder powered vehicles. The Leopard joined the Bluebird at "Nissan Bluebird Store" Japanese dealerships.
The Bluebird was also made in South Africa (Pretoria) 1978 to 1980 as well and was called the Datsun 1600J Deluxe,1800j deluxe or 1800J SSS Sedan which had the twin carb set up and a five speed gearbox.A staton wagon version with a 1600 cc engine was also made.The cars had the L16 or L18 engines.After a while the cars model name changed to the Datsun Stanza. The cars were all rear wheel drives with solid axle and coil springs. These cars were the last models to have the name DATSUN as the later models all had the name NISSAN due to the globel name change. This car was very popular as it reminded people of the Datsun P510 models made in 1969 to 1973 in South Africa.
The Maxima name first appeared in this generation. In the United States, these models were sold as the 810 Deluxe or Maxima. The Maxima name was solely used from 1982. The 910 name was never used in Australia.
This is the generation that spawned the S130 Fairlady Z, and in turn, the Z31 and Z32 Fairlady Z's using updated versions of the platform of this generation.
Australian production.
Australia had the 910 from 1981 - 1984 with the L20B engine, and 1985 - 1986 with the CA20S engine. (In the United States, the 910 was offered with either the L24E OHC 2.4L I6 - a fuel injected version of the engine from the 240Z - or the LD28 OHC 2.8L I6 Diesel engine.) It was a downgraded, locally produced version of the Japanese model with no independent rear suspension, electronic fuel injection, or turbo versions. However the cars were offered in a sporty version, known as the TRX. The main difference between these Bluebirds and the base models are a sporty trim, including a front air dam, alloy wheels, a small rear spoiler, internal reading lights and so forth. Mechanically the cars weren't much different, the only main differences to be found are rear disc brakes on the TRX as well as 15" alloy wheels. Australian production totalled 130,000 vehicles.
The Bluebird 910 become part of Australian motor sport history on September 29, 1984, when George Fury put his Nissan Bluebird Turbo (an imported version with a Nissan Z engine turbo motor and fabricated IRS) on pole position for the 1984 James Hardie 1000 touring car race with a time of 2:13.850. This remains the fastest time by a closed sedan on the old 6.172 km Mount Panorama Circuit before the introduction of the Caltex Chase in 1987 increased the lap distance to 6.213 km. It was the first time a turbocharged car had won the pole at the Bathurst 1000.
Fury had driven the Bluebird to second place in the 1983 Australian Touring Car Championship, and later that year became the first driver to put a turbocharged car on the front row at Bathurst when he qualified second for the 1983 James Hardie 1000. Earlier in 1983, Fury's Nissan Australia team mate Fred Gibson had driven the Bluebird to its first race victory anywhere in the world when he won two heats and Round 3 of the AMSCAR series at Sydney's Amaroo Park circuit.
For Australia, the 910 was replaced by the Nissan Pintara, a locally built vehicle based on the Skyline, but with a four-cylinder engine.

</doc>
<doc id="21372080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372080" title="Western glossy snake">
Western glossy snake

Amblyodipsas unicolor, commonly known as the western glossy snake or the western purple-glossed snake, is a species of rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae. It is one of the better known species in the genus "Amblyodipsas". 
Geographic range.
It is endemic to Africa. More specifically it is found in Burkina Faso, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gambia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Niger, Senegal, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Venom.
"Amblyodipsas unicolor" is venomous, and its venom could be lethal to small animals. However, it is considered harmless to humans.
Description.
It is uniformly blackish brown, to which the specific epithet, "unicolor", refers.
Adults may attain a total length of 36.5 cm (14⅜ inches), with a tail 27 mm (1 inch) long.
Rostral large, the portion visible from above nearly as long as its distance from the frontal. Internasals much broader than long, much shorter than the prefrontals. Frontal 1½ to 1⅔ as long as broad, longer than its distance from the end of the snout, shorter than the parietals. Supraocular small. A very small postocular, sometimes fused with the supraocular. A single temporal. Six upper labials, the third in contact with the prefrontal, third and fourth entering the eye, fifth largest and in contact with the parietal. Four lower labials in contact with the anterior chin shields, fourth very large and narrowly separated from its fellow by the posterior chin shields.
Dorsal scales smooth, without pits, in 17 rows. Ventrals 173-208; anal divided; subcaudals 21-38, divided. 
Diet.
Western purple-glossed snakes often feed on mice and geckos.

</doc>
<doc id="21372106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372106" title="Ciudad Jardín El Libertador">
Ciudad Jardín El Libertador

Ciudad Jardín El Libertador is a town in General San Martín Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is located in the Greater Buenos Aires urban agglomeration.
Population.
With 61,780 inhabitants in 2001 , the town is the most populous in the General San Martín Partido.

</doc>
<doc id="21372107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372107" title="Fishing Range">
Fishing Range

The Fishing Range is a subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located on the east side of Fishing Lakes and on the upper Finlay River in northern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21372149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372149" title="Ortholfersia">
Ortholfersia

Ortholfersia are genus of biting flies in the family of louse flies, Hippoboscidae. There are 4 known species. All species are parasites of macropods.
Distribution.
Found in Australia, some species are very rare, because their hosts are endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="21372170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372170" title="Jan Jarratt">
Jan Jarratt

Janice Heather Jarratt (born 22 October 1958) is an Australian politician. She was a teacher specialising in children with learning difficulties before entering parliament. A member of the Australian Labor Party, she was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for the seat of Whitsunday in 2001. She was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Primary Industries and Fisheries on 13 September 2006 by Premier Peter Beattie. She served on the front bench for all of Anna Bligh's term. She was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Tourism, Regional Development and Industry from 2007 to 2009, when she became Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Employment. In February 2011, she was promoted to the ministry as Minster for Tourism, Manufacturing and Small Business. In March 2012, Labor was swept out of power at an election that also cost Jarratt her seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21372244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372244" title="Transportation in Vaughan">
Transportation in Vaughan

The City of Vaughan in Ontario, Canada offers a complex transportation infrastructure, which includes highways, public transit, regional roads, municipality-funded roads, and train services.
Air.
Due to Vaughan's proximity to Toronto, Vaughan residents use Toronto Pearson International Airport in order to travel to various domestic and international destinations.
Alternatives to the Toronto Pearson International Airport are available in the nearby city of Markham, where the Toronto/Buttonville Municipal Airport is located. The municipal airport primarily serves York Region, and offers flights to domestic and United States destinations.
Public transportation.
Within the City of Vaughan, Toronto Transit Commission (TTC), Viva (bus rapid transit), and York Region Transit (YRT) offers public transit services for the local residents. Prior to 2001, Vaughan was served by a municipal-funded transit system, namely Vaughan Transit. In 2001, the York Regional government "merged" the Vaughan Transit with 4 other municipal-managed transit systems in York Region to form YRT. In 2005, York Region Transit launched Viva, which operated in parts of Vaughan on Highway 7. In addition, GO Transit provide passenger trains and shuttles to help commuters to get to their work.
Toronto Transit Commission (TTC).
Due to the pattern of the street grid, most north-south bus routes in Vaughan are operated by the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) under contract to York Region. These buses all connect to subway or RT stations in Toronto, and thus help to connect Vaughan with Toronto.
There are a total of 6 TTC contracted bus routes operating within Vaughan (that is 35% of all 17 TTC routes operating in York Region). A special fare policy applies to these contracted TTC bus routes. If a passenger boarded a TTC contracted bus route in York Region, and only travels within York Region, the passenger may transfer to YRT/Viva operated bus routes, or other TTC contracted bus routes without paying a second fare. If a passenger boarded a TTC contracted bus route in York Region and travels into Toronto (or from Toronto into York), they must pay an extra fare to continue their ride into the other transit system's territory.
Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension (TYSSE).
The extension of the Spadina branch of the Yonge-University-Spadina Line north to Vaughan was announced by the Government of Ontario in its 2006 budget. The six proposed stations are provisionally named Downsview Park, Finch West, York University, Black Creek Pioneer Village, Highway 407 Transitway, and Vaughan Corporate Centre. This extension is scheduled to open in Fall 2016.
York Region Transit (YRT).
A merged system of Vaughan Transit and 4 other municipal-managed transit systems, forming York Region Transit in 2001. The York Region Transit is now serving all over Vaughan with over 20 routes. Most of its bus routes are operating on the main routes throughout Vaughan, which is laid in a grid-like system. Transfers between bus routes are available at major intersections. Passengers are required to pay a flat fee of $4.00, no matter of age. Unlike travelling on TTC contracted routes, travelling on the YRT and entering Toronto does not require an extra fee. The York Region Transit allows Markham residents to travel around York Region, and to the surrounding GTHA with GO Transit Connections.
Other than that, YRT offers Route #360 Maple Express (17% of 6 YRT express routes). The express travels on higher speed limit roads, such as Highway 407, and connects with Yorkdale Bus Terminal.
The YRT currently has one major terminal in Vaughan, located at and named after the Promenade Mall. There, passengers can access Viva Purple, YRT, and TTC Route 160.
Connections to other transit systems include Brampton Transit, MiWay, Toronto Transit Commission, and GO Transit.
Viva.
Due to the increased congestion on York Region's roads, the York Region Transit launched a bus rapid transit (BRT) on September 4, 2005 at 9am EDT, and named it Viva, meaning "praised by everyone" in Italian. Unlike YRT, Viva only stops at Vivastation, an especially designed station which incorporate a ticket vending machine and a ticket validator (fares are on a proof-of-payment basis to speed up boarding times), as well as a real-time "smart" display that notify passengers when the next vehicle is expected to depart. Most Vivastations are blue, but several stops on Yonge Street have a unique bronze design referred to as "vivavintage" in order to better suit the historic areas, especially along Yonge Street in Thornhill, where space is short, and will be served by miniature "vivamicro" stations. YRT fares apply to VIVA.
It is the brand name for the York Region Rapid Transit Plan, and was funded through a Public-Private Partnership (P3) consortium called the York Region Rapid Transit Corporation. York Region has control over all fares and service planning. Viva service is integrated with York Region Transit's conventional transit service and operated as one regional transit system (1system) that enables customers to travel across the Region.
The system was opened to public in 4 stages. The second phase was opened on October 16, 2005, the third phase was opened on November 20, 2005, and the first part of the fourth phase was opened on January 2, 2006.
There are 4 viva lines operating within Vaughan (80% of Viva lines operating within York Region): Viva Blue (on Yonge Street), Viva Purple (on Highway 7), Viva Orange, and Viva Pink (an alternative to Viva Blue at peak-hours).
All of the Viva bus lines operate in the south zone of the Viva transit system. Viva bus lines operate using Van Hool and Novabus blue buses. The Viva buses are given with priorities of traffic signals, meaning that the bus driver could "adjust" the traffic lights when the bus are behind schedule due to a traffic congestion. This significantly improve the efficiency of the viva bus. Buses are operated 18 hours a day, 7 days per week, and 365 days a year. Bus frequency ranges from 5 minutes to 15 minutes.
In the future, parts of the Viva Orange route connecting Vaughan to Downsview Station would be discontinued as an extended subway line would replace the route.
Rail.
The Barrie line, operated by GO Transit, provides the only passenger service to Vaughan. The two stations in the city are Rutherford GO Station, located in Concord east of Keele Street and south of Rutherford Road, and Maple GO Station in Maple, located north of Major Mackenzie Drive and east of Keele Street. The line terminates at Barrie in the north and at Union Station in Toronto in the south.
Roads.
In terms of road systems, Vaughan is strongly influenced by its southernly neighbour, Toronto. Vaughan inherits a grid-like road network, funded by 3 different levels of government. The government of Ontario funds the provincial highways across the town; the government of York Region funds most of its arterial and main routes throughout the town; and the government of Vaughan funds all local routes, and some arterial routes.
Provincial highways.
The Ontario government only funded certain roads across Vaughan, and designates them as Ontario Provincial Highways. These include Highways 400 and 427. Highway 400 serves as a major expressway linking Toronto, Vaughan, and Northern Ontario. Prior to the 1998 massive downloading, the Ontario government also maintained Highway 7 (now York Regional Road 7), Highway 11 (now York Regional Road 1, locally known as Yonge Street), and Highway 27 (now York Regional Road 27).
York Regional Roads.
Majority of the main routes are urban "county" roads maintained by York Region. Each one of them is assigned with a number, each shown by a shield shaping like a flowerpot. York Regional Roads, like roads in Toronto, are laid out in a grid-like system. Most of the north-south routes continue street names from Toronto. The York Regional Roads are laid out in a grid pattern about two kilometres apart. The regional road system is particularly successful due to the landscape across Vaughan and York Region being relatively flat.
Most of the York Regional Roads within Vaughan are four or six lanes, with a few exceptions in the rural areas to the north and west, where they are mostly two lanes.
Municipal roads.
The City of Vaughan also funds some of the main routes, and all of the light-duty roads. Major roads that are funded by Vaughan are favourited by motorists for travelling within the town. Most cars wanting to visit other nearby municipalities must use York Regional Roads, therefore, although they are called the "Municipal main streets", they are relatively light duty. These roads often serve as an alternative to car jammed York Regional Roads. The City of Vaughan also funds almost all residential streets across the town.
Privately controlled.
In addition, Highway 407 Express Toll Route (407 ETR) is a toll, major east-west expressway, and is privately controlled. The route is formerly provincial controlled, but is now privately owned. The highway serves as a by-pass to Highway 401 and Highway 7, which are very busy highways. Users using the Highway 407 must pay a certain fare.
How Highway 407 works is that every time the customer uses the route, the camera installed above the on-ramps take record of the transponder, leased by the Highway 407. The transponder holds information of the customer's automobile, and thus will mail the bill to the transponder's holder's residence. In case of the customer has no transponder, the camera takes a photo shot of the car license, and a video toll charge will apply. If the customer fails to pay, an interest would be added to the owed amount. The fee would be charged when the customer attempts to renew their driver license.
Highway 407 primarily serves Vaughan from York Regional Road 1 to York Regional Road 24. The highway connects Vaughan with Pickering to the east, and Burlington to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="21372251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372251" title="Vaughan Johnson (politician)">
Vaughan Johnson (politician)

Vaughan Gregory Johnson (born 20 July 1947) is an Australian politician. Born in Bourke, New South Wales, he was a grazier and contractor before entering politics. Having moved to Queensland, he was a councillor on Quilpie Shire Council from 1970 to 1973. From 1972 to 1973 he was Chairman of the Quilpie Branch of the National Party. In 1989, Johnson was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the National Party member for Gregory, which he has represented since, joining the Liberal National Party in 2008. He has previously been the Shadow Minister for Sport and the Shadow Minister for Police and Corrections. He was appointed Government Chief Whip following the 2012 election.
Johnson is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21372270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372270" title="Neo-Capitalism">
Neo-Capitalism

Neo-Capitalism is an economic ideology which blends some elements of capitalism with other systems. The new capitalism was new compared to the capitalism in the era before World War II.
The term neo-capitalism was first used in the late 1950s and early 1960s by French and Belgian left-wing writers, including André Gorz and Leo Michielsen. It was popularized in English by the Marxist Ernest Mandel in works such as "An Introduction to Marxist Economic Theory."
In the 1970s, sociologist Michael Miller started using "neo-Capitalism" to refer to the Continental European blend of expansive private enterprise, extensive social-welfare programs and selective government intervention whereby organized labor works in partnership with government and private industry to negotiate and implement general wage levels and government spending across the economy in return for avoiding strikes and labor unrest.

</doc>
<doc id="21372316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372316" title="PRR C1">
PRR C1

The PRR C1 was the Pennsylvania Railroad's class of 0-8-0 steam locomotive, used in switching service. The 0-8-0 was common on most railroads, but not on PRR; when the railroad needed bigger motive power, they used the 2-8-0 "Consolidation". PRR wanted the best motive power to handle the switching chores at yards and interchanges and the C1 class was the heaviest two-cylinder 0-8-0 switcher ever produced. Calculated tractive effort was 76154 lb, based on 78% MEP with 60% maximum cutoff. The C1s were retired between 1948 and 1953.
None survive today. 

</doc>
<doc id="21372320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372320" title="Betty Kiernan">
Betty Kiernan

Betty Margaret Kiernan (born 27 August 1955) is an Australian politician. Born in Mount Isa, Queensland, she was an electorate officer and corporate manager before entering politics, and had served on Cloncurry Shire Council from 1981 to 1990. A member of the Australian Labor Party, she was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 2006 as the member for Mount Isa. She is currently the Deputy Speaker in the Assembly, and will continue in that office until the day before the new session of the Legislative Assembly despite being defeated by Rob Katter of Katter's Australian Party (party founder Bob Katter's son).

</doc>
<doc id="21372331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372331" title="Lark Force">
Lark Force

Lark Force was an Australian army unit formed in March 1941 during World War II for service in New Britain and New Ireland. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John Scanlan, it was raised in Australia and deployed to Rabaul and Kavieng, aboard SS "Katoomba", MV "Neptuna" and HMAT "Zealandia", to defend their strategically important harbours and airfields.
The objective of the force, was to maintain a forward air observation line as long as possible and to make the enemy fight for this line rather than abandon it at the first threat as the force was considered too small to withstand any invasion.
Most of Lark Force was captured by the Imperial Japanese after Rabaul and Kavieng were captured in January 1942. The officers of Lark Force were transported to Japan, however the NCO's and men were unfortunately torpedoed by the "USS Sturgeon" while being transported aboard the "Montevideo Maru". Only a handful of the Japanese crew were rescued, with none of the between 1,050 and 1,053 prisoners aboard surviving as they were still locked below deck.

</doc>
<doc id="21372338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372338" title="Bali Nyonga">
Bali Nyonga

Bali Nyonga is a town in the Northwest Province of the country Cameroon on the West Central borders on the continent of Africa. It is the home of the Bali Nyonga, a people of the Chamba Leko group - an entity that migrated from Chamba around 1600. Their language is known as mungaka.
References.
Babila elvis

</doc>
<doc id="21372345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372345" title="Ted Malone (Australian politician)">
Ted Malone (Australian politician)

George Edward (Ted) Malone (born 14 November 1943) is an Australian politician. He has been a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly since 1994, representing the electorate of Mirani for the National Party of Australia and its successor the Liberal National Party. He has been the state Assistant Minister for Emergency Volunteers since November 2012.
Malone was born in Mackay, and was a cane farmer and grazier before entering politics. He had also served as Chairman of Directors of the Australian Cane Farmers Association. He is married with two daughters. Malone was elected to the Legislative Assembly at a 1994 by-election for the safe National seat of Mirani, following the resignation of Jim Randell. 
He was promoted to the shadow ministry after the defeat of the National-Liberal government at the 1998 state election, and served in a range of portfolios including emergency services, public works and housing, employment and training, local government and planning, northern development, seniors, and families and communities. He also served as Deputy Opposition Whip from 2004 to 2005. Malone remained in the shadow ministry until the Liberal National victory at the 2012 state election, but was left out of the initial Newman Ministry.
Malone was promoted to Assistant Minister for Emergency Volunteers in November 2012, filling the vacancy caused by Bruce Flegg's resignation and assistant minister Tim Mander's promotion to Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="21372362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372362" title="Vasiliy Stepanov (actor)">
Vasiliy Stepanov (actor)

Vasiliy Sergeevich Stepanov (; born January 14, 1986 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian actor who debuted in Bondarchuk's film "The Inhabited Island" as Maxim Kammerer (voiced by Maxim Matveev).
Biography.
Vasiliy Stepanov was born in Moscow in the Russian family of militsioner and saleswoman. His school holidays he mostly spent in the country, at his grandmother's. He graduated from College of Physical Education and Sports, with teaching credentials. He is a candidate for master of hand to hand combat, despite being a smoker with experience.
At present, Vasiliy Stepanov is a student of Shchukin Theatrical School (ru).

</doc>
<doc id="21372369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372369" title="Bernard Goldstein (casino owner)">
Bernard Goldstein (casino owner)

Bernard Goldstein (February 5, 1929 - July 5, 2009) was the founder and chairman of Isle of Capri Casinos and is sometimes called the "father of modern riverboat gambling" because he was the first person to run riverboat casinos in the Midwest and South after they became legal in the 1990s.
Early life.
He received his undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Illinois. He was admitted to the Iowa bar in 1951
Alter Companies.
He joined the Davenport, Iowa scrap metal firm, Alter Companies, owned by his father-in-law, Frank R. Alter, in 1950 and served as secretary/treasurer until 1964, when he was elected executive vice president. He became president in 1973 and chairman in 1980.
In 1960 he launched a barge and tugboat service on the Mississippi River, Alter Barge Line, to transport the scrap
Its first boat was the MV Frank R. Alter. Its boats are marked by districtive yellow trim. The boats initially transported coal upriver and scrap metal down and then expanded into carrying grain.
In 1998 he wrote a book about the company Navigating the century: A personal account of Alter Company's first hundred years - The History Factory (1998) ISBN 1-882771-02-8
Riverboat gambling.
In 1989 as he approached retirement he began lobbying Iowa to pass riverboat gambling. His boat the M/V Diamond Lady was the first legal riverboat casino in modern times when it sailed from Bettendorf on April 1, 1991. The President, a gambling boat owned by John E. Connelly, opened 30 minutes later in Davenport.
He opened the first casino in the South in Biloxi, Mississippi on August 1, 1992.
In 1992 the company was listed on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol ISLE.
It now operates in six states across the U.S., approx. 2 million visitors each year.

</doc>
<doc id="21372379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372379" title="Bernard Goldstein">
Bernard Goldstein

Bernard Goldstein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21372392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372392" title="Slayed">
Slayed

"Slayed" is a single by the Big Beat artist Overseer from his album "Wreckage". 
The song was used by Ken Shamrock as his entrance theme on his last two fights in UFC. In addition, Mauricio Rua used this song as his entrance song for UFC 76, as well as Keith Jardine using it for UFC 89. As well as Rob singing in the song, it samples the song "We'll Bring the House Down" by Slade, hence the song being called "Slayed". It uses the lines "We'll bring the house down" in more of a high pitch sound than in the 1981 song. Many artists credit "Slayed" as a groundbreaking song in British DJ music, for its use of rap and ambient sound.
The vocals in the song are done by Zak Speakerfreak.

</doc>
<doc id="21372396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372396" title="Andrea D'Amico (footballer)">
Andrea D'Amico (footballer)

Francesco Andrea D'Amico (born May 17, 1989) is an Italian football (soccer) midfielder, who currently plays for Milazzo in the Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Club career.
Calcio Catania.
D'Amico made his debut for the Sicilian club on 12 February 2009, in a Serie A encounter versus Inter Milan, after being promoted from the youth team by head coach, Walter Zenga. He was brought up to the first team following the sale of midfielder, Mark Edusei to AS Bari and the loan of midfielder Giuseppe Colucci to A.C. ChievoVerona. He spent the rest of the season with the Sicilian giants, and was one of several very promising youth players utilized by Zenga. On 25 June 2009 it was confirmed that D'Amico, along with Nicolae Dica, would indeed be going out on loan. D'Amico moved, on loan, to Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Reggiana, but was limited to just 2 league appearances, . He returned to Catania in January 2010, and was immediately loaned back out to Lega Pro side, V.F. Colligiana. During the second portion of the 2009–10 Lega Pro season, the player went on to make 9 appearances for the club. For the 2010-11 season, D'Amico was loaned to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club S.S. Milazzo, where he was inserted into the first team. On 27 June 2011, D'Amico was sold on a co-ownership deal to Milazzo.

</doc>
<doc id="21372404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372404" title="Dorothy Pratt">
Dorothy Pratt

Dorothy Ruth "Dolly" Pratt (born 11 March 1955) is an Australian politician. Born in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales, she was a Justice of the Peace and coffee shop proprietor in Queensland before entering politics. She also worked at cattle sale yards. In 1998, she was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Barambah, representing Pauline Hanson's One Nation. She left One Nation in 1999 to sit as an independent. In 2001, her seat of Barambah was abolished and largely replaced with Nanango, which she won as an independent. Pratt was re-elected in 2004, 2006, and 2009. Pratt stood down at the 2012 election. She is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21372414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372414" title="Secureqemu">
Secureqemu

SecureQEMU is an open source emulation-based software protection scheme providing protection from reverse code engineering and software exploitation using encrypted code execution and page-granularity code signing, respectively. Protection mechanisms execute in trusted emulators while remaining out-of-band of untrusted systems being emulated. This protection scheme is called SecureQEMU and is based on a modified version of the Quick Emulator.

</doc>
<doc id="21372415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372415" title="Otto Buek">
Otto Buek

Otto Buek (November 19, 1873 – 1966) was a German philosopher and translator born in St. Petersburg.
He studied philosophy, chemistry and mathematics at the University of Heidelberg, and obtained his doctorate from the University of Marburg. Later he worked as a journalist in Berlin, where he translated works of Tolstoy, Unamuno and Alexander Herzen. Additionally, with Kurt Wildhagen (1871-1949), he edited works by Turgenev, Gogol and two volumes of Ernst Cassirer's edition of Kant's collected writings. During the 1920s, he worked as a correspondent for the Argentine newspaper "La Nación".
From a philosophical standpoint, Buek was an advocate of Neo-Kantianism, and as a young man was a disciple of Marburg philosopher Hermann Cohen (1848-1918). He was friends to physiologist and pacifist Georg Friedrich Nicolai (1874-1964), and only one of three intellectuals in Germany who signed Nicolai's 1914 anti-war counter-manifesto, "Aufruf an die Europäer". The other two being physicist Albert Einstein and astronomer Wilhelm Julius Foerster.

</doc>
<doc id="21372437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372437" title="Theresa Thornycroft">
Theresa Thornycroft

Theresa Thornycroft (1853–1947) was an English sculptor and painter.
Biography.
Early life.
Theresa Thornycroft was born in 1853. She was a member of the Thornycroft family. Her father was Thomas Thornycroft (1815-1885) and her mother, Mary Francis (1814–1895). Her brother Sir Hamo Thornycroft RA, sisters Alyce Thornycroft and Helen Thornycroft were all artists, while her brother Sir John Isaac Thornycroft was the founder of the Thornycroft shipbuilding company.
Career.
A gifted artist, she exhibited her paintings at the Royal Academy of Arts in London before she turned twenty-two.
Personal life.
She married Alfred Ezra Sassoon (1861-1895) of the Jewish Sassoon family. Because she was Anglo-Catholic, he was disinherited by the Sassoon family for marrying her. They had three sons:
After they separated, she continued to live in the village of Matfield in Kent, and was immortalised in the memoirs of her son Siegfried.

</doc>
<doc id="21372458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372458" title="John Mickel (politician)">
John Mickel (politician)

Reginald John Mickel (born August 1953) is an Australian politician. He was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and the Labor member for Logan until the 2012 election. He was succeeded by Fiona Simpson as Speaker following the LNP's landslide victory and defeat of Labor in the 2012 state election.
Early life.
Born in Murgon, Queensland, he attended the University of Queensland where he studied literature and education.
Political career.
In 1979, he joined the Australian Labor Party and was an adviser to federal MP David Beddall. He was later a senior adviser to Queensland Premier Wayne Goss and to Health Minister (later Opposition Leader) Peter Beattie.
In 1998, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Logan. He was a minister in various portfolios from 2004 to 2009. He served in Beattie's initial Cabinet as Environment Minister in 2004, but was transferred to Energy in August of that year. In March 2005, he added the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders Policy portfolio. In September 2006, he became Minister for State Development, Industrial Relations and Employment. When Anna Bligh replaced Beattie as Premier, Mickel's portfolio was altered, becoming Transport, Trade, Employment and Industrial Relations. He was dropped from the ministry after Labor's re-election in the 2009 state election, but was elected Speaker when the Legislative Assembly convened in April 2009.
Mickel announced on 10 August 2011 that he would step down at the 2012 election.
Family life.
Mickel is married; he has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21372462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372462" title="Better Than Me">
Better Than Me

"Better Than Me" is the fourth single released from Hinder's debut album, "Extreme Behavior". This song was #66 on "MTV Asia"'s list of Top 100 Hits of 2007.
Charts.
It debuted at #97 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has peaked at #31, becoming Hinder's second Top 40 hit.
Video.
The music video for the song starts with the band playing in a dark room. Then it goes to scenes of a young couple. The young man later buys Methamphetamine from a dealer in a pickup truck. The next scene is of him looking at pictures of them together. He takes a knife and breaks a light bulb, pours the drugs into it, and puts it onto the stove. We then see his violent, painful reaction to the drugs, including seizures and itching all over his body. The girl walks in, sees the drugs, and confronts him. He becomes violent and begins to throw things at her. The lights of the room the band was in are turned on and it is revealed to be a cathedral. The funeral of the young man seen earlier is in progress, and it is clear that he died from an overdose. The girlfriend rushes forward to his casket and puts an envelope into his hands after being stopped by her best friend.
A contest was held on YouTube challenging aspiring directors to create their own video for the song with the reward being the video being shown on television as well as an unpaid job as an assistant on the set of the official video. Ironically, while the winner was not shown on television, most of the entries involved similar subject matter to the official video, with very few entries not revolving around drug addiction and only a few not ending in suicide by overdose.
Critical reception.
Billboard magazine called the single "smaller and less bombastic, but equally infectious" as "Lips of an Angel".

</doc>
<doc id="21372486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372486" title="Mopsitta">
Mopsitta

Mopsitta is an extinct genus of bird from the Early Eocene of Denmark; its remains were recovered from the Fur Formation. Only one species is known, Mopsitta tanta, and all that was found of it to date (but see below) is a single humerus bone of rather large size. Although the phylogenetic position of genus is unclear, it was initially presumed to be phylogenetically closer to Recent Psittacidae than to other known Palaeogene psittaciforms and may, therefore, represent the oldest known crown-group parrot.
However, it was subsequently pointed out that the fossil lacks clear psittaciform (let alone psittacid) apomorphies. Following the discovery that the fossil ibis genus "Rhynchaeites" also occurred in the Fur Formation, it was hypothesized that the ""M. tanta"" humerus actually belongs in that genus, being a better match (except in size) to the known "Rhynchaeites" remains than to any psittaciform fossil hitherto found.

</doc>
<doc id="21372493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372493" title="Media in Hawaii">
Media in Hawaii

The state of Hawaii has the following popular media:
Newspapers.
The first newspaper was "Ka Lama Hawaii", printed by the students of Lorrin Andrews in 1834.
Honolulu is served by one daily Newspaper, "The Honolulu Star-Advertiser", owned by Black Press of British Columbia in Canada. The "Star-Advertiser" began publishing on June 7, 2010 after Black Press merged Honolulu's two daily newspapers, "The Honolulu Advertiser" and the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin". The "Star-Bulletin" was the primary competitor to the "Advertiser" until it scaled back statewide distribution. In 2010 Gannett Company sold the "Advertiser" to Black Press. The merger was due to a failure to find a buyer for the Star-Bulletin, which had been losing money and subscribers since the two broke off their joint operation agreement in 2001.
Maui is served by The Maui News, which is owned by Ogden Newspapers Inc.. Maui's independent weekly newspaper is Maui Time Weekly. Other locally published newspapers are available to residents of the various islands, such as the Hawaii Tribune-Herald in Hilo and West Hawaii Today in Kailua-Kona, both on The Big Island, and The Garden Island, based in Lihue on Kauai. 
The Hawaii business community is served by the "Pacific Business News" and "Hawaii Business Magazine". The largest religious community in Hawaii is served by the "Hawaii Catholic Herald". "Honolulu Magazine" is a popular magazine that offers local interest news and feature articles. Apart from the mainstream press, the state also enjoys a vibrant ethnic publication presence with newspapers for the Chinese, Filipino, Japanese, Korean and Native Hawaiian communities. In addition, there is an alternative weekly, the "Honolulu Weekly" which serves the urban Honolulu area. "The Hawaii Independent" is a new online newspaper with a statewide reach, focusing on local news and investigative journalism.
Radio.
Terrestrial.
Hawaii has 73 FM and 32 AM radio stations: 
Honolulu is the only Arbitron-rated radio market in Hawaii. Among the major companies that own stations in Hawaii include Salem Communications, Cox Radio, Clear Channel Communications, HH Media and Ohana Family. All of these companies have offices in Honolulu.
Satellite.
The state of Hawaii is not serviced by satellite radio and is not receivable with the exception of certain cellular devices and the internet. But that changed in 2011, when Sirius XM Radio was given a green light to place a 1.8Kw transmitter in Honolulu after receiving approval from the FCC to begin transmission to Hawaii and Alaska. Sirius XM had been trying to expand service into Hawaii since 2007 but had opposition from the Hawaii Association of Broadcasters fearing loss of local competition. The FCC rejected their petition.
Television.
All of the major American broadcast television networks are represented in Hawaii through KHON-TV (Fox, The CW on DT2), KITV (ABC; Me-TV Hawaii on DT2), KFVE (MyNetworkTV), KGMB (CBS, This TV on DT2), KHET (PBS), KHNL (NBC, Antenna TV on DT2), and KPXO-TV (ION Television). Two independent stations, KIKU-TV and KBFD, specialize in multi-cultural programs serving Asian audiences, while KHLU-LP serves Honolulu's Hispanic population with Univision programming and is the only Spanish-language TV outlet in the state. From Honolulu, programming at these stations can be seen on the various other islands via networks of satellite transmitters and through Oceanic Time Warner Cable. Until the advent of satellite, most network programming was broadcast a week behind mainland scheduling. 
There are also five stations in Honolulu that offer religious programming, the most of any US television market: KWHE (LeSea), KAAH-TV (TBN), KALO (Ind.), KWBN (DayStar) and KUPU (Ind.). Another outlet, KKAI, also offered religious programming but since 2012 shifted to airing general interest shows, with KKAI dropping Faith TV for RTV. KUPU which first signed on with religious programming, joined Antenna TV in 2011 but would return to becoming an independent in May 2012 and by January 2013 transitioned to Catholic programming. KWHE, KAAH-TV, and KALO also have satellite stations across the state (except Kauai), with KWHE being the only outlet in Hawaii to air secular general-interest shows and sports programs outside its non-secular hours. KUPU offers programming from the Pacific Islands alongside their religious fare. 
Unlike most major television stations in most (if not all) other areas of the United States, none of the major network affiliates in Honolulu airs an afternoon newscast, even though KITV and KHNL had broadcast mid-morning newscasts in the past. This allows the networks' daytime programming to be aired without preemption, although KGMB's CBS Daytime lineup uses a different schedule pattern. All of the stations follow the 7 to 10PM Prime Time TV schedule pattern and air live sporting events at the same time as the mainland United States (i.e., Sunday NFL games on KHON and KGMB start at 6AM, which is 12 Noon ET/9AM Pacific Time in the States). 
As of 2012, KITV is the only outlet in Hawaii to air as many as 27 news hours per week. They are also the only station in the state to air an hour-long 6PM and 10PM newscast and the first to launch a weekend morning newscast, which airs from 6 to 8 AM. 
The future of television broadcasts in Hawaii took a major turn down the road on August 18, 2009, when KGMB's owner, MGC Capital Corporation, and Raycom Media, owners of KHNL and KFVE, announced a shared services agreement under which Raycom merged the three stations' operations. KGMB relocated their operations to the building that houses the KHNL/KFVE operations, and the stations' news operations were consolidated under one umbrella. Non-news programming arrangements remained in place, though KGMB and KFVE would see their channel positions in Honolulu swapped—with KFVE and its programming moving to channel 9 (under MCG ownership) and KGMB and its CBS programming moving to channel 5 (under Raycom ownership). The change took place on October 26, 2009, with all three stations' newscasts merged into one major broadcast under the banner "Hawaii News Now." In addition, all three stations' logos were retired as well.
Raycom President/CEO Paul McTear said the SSA would "preserve three stations that provide important and valuable local, national and international programming to viewers in Hawaii." The plan, however, has met with criticism from organizations such as Media Council Hawaii, which viewed the plan as a way to circumvent FCC rules preventing one company owning 2 of the top 4 stations in any market. An estimated 68 positions from a total of 198 from the 3 stations would be eliminated as part of the agreement. 
The various production companies that work with the major networks have produced television series and other projects in Hawaii. Most notable were police dramas like "Magnum, P.I."and "Hawaii Five-O" (including its 2010 remake). Although not set in Hawaii, the settings and locations for "Lost" was produced and filmed in the state. "The Brian Keith Show", an NBC sitcom which aired from 1972–1974, was set in Hawaii. Currently, hit TV shows like "Dog the Bounty Hunter" and the updated "Hawaii Five-0" are filmed in the Hawaiian Islands. A comprehensive list of such projects can be seen at the list of Hawaii television series.
Film.
Hawaii has a growing film industry administered by the state through the Hawaii Film Office. Several television shows, movies, and various other media projects were produced in the Hawaiian Islands, taking advantage of the natural scenic landscapes as backdrops. Notable films produced in Hawaii or inspired by Hawaii include "Hawaii", "Blue Hawaii", "Donovan's Reef", "From Here to Eternity", "In Harm's Way", "South Pacific", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Jurassic Park", "Picture Bride", "Lani Loa", "Outbreak", "Waterworld", "Six Days Seven Nights", "George of the Jungle", "50 First Dates", "Pearl Harbor", "Godzilla", "Blue Crush", "The Even Stevens Movie", "Race the Sun", "Princess Kaiulani" and "Lilo and Stitch". The film "Snakes on a Plane", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" takes place on a flight departing Hawaii for the U.S. mainland. In addition the island scenes from ABC's series Lost are almost entirely filmed on the island of Oahu. Hawaii is home to a prominent film festival known as the Hawaii International Film Festival.
Online Media.
Hawaii has a vibrant online community including a host of blogs and publications specific to the islands. Some of these online efforts are produced by print or broadcast media companies while others are produced by bloggers and smaller media entities. Hawaii Magazine runs a blog with regular coverage and images from the islands. Hawaiirama and BeatofHawaii are two of the more popular independent travel blogs covering Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="21372522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372522" title="Evan Moorhead">
Evan Moorhead

Evan Robert Moorhead (born 19 April 1978) is an Australian politician.
Born in Redcliffe, he received a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws at the University of Queensland before becoming a research officer for the Australian Manufacturing Workers Union. A long-time member of the Australian Labor Party, he has been a delegate to the Young Labor State Conference and the National Conference.
On 9 September 2006, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for the safe seat of Waterford, succeeding Tom Barton, the first Member for Waterford. Evan Moorhead was re-elected on 21 March 2009, but lost his seat on 24 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21372537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372537" title="Megalenhydris">
Megalenhydris

Megalenhydris barbaricina is a Late Pleistocene giant otter from Sardinia. It is known from a single skeleton, discovered in the "Grotta di Ispinigoli" near Dorgali, and was described in 1987. It is one of four extinct otter species from Sardinia. The others are "Algarolutra majori", "Lutra castiglionis" and "Sardolutra ichnusae".
This otter was large, much larger than the other species. The structure of the teeth points to a diet of shellfish and/or crustaceans. A special characteristic of the species are the flattened first few caudal vertebrae (the rest of the caudal vetrebrae are not known). This might point to a slightly flattened tail.

</doc>
<doc id="21372550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372550" title="Sardolutra">
Sardolutra

Sardolutra ichnusae is an extinct species of otter from the late Pleistocene of Sardinia. It was originally described as Nesolutra ichnusae. It was a rather small species of otter, probably living in the sea. Among its characteristics is a relatively very large baculum, larger than in any living otter. 
The species probably evolved from a Lutra, maybe Lutra castiglionis. 

</doc>
<doc id="21372566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372566" title="Harold Schoen">
Harold Schoen

Harold Schoen (born in Fort Recovery, Ohio) is a mathematician, educator and former college basketball player.
College basketball career.
Dr. Schoen played basketball at the University of Dayton from 1961 to 1963. He appeared in 70 games, scored 448 career points (6.4 avg.), and had 352 rebounds. He played on the 1962 NIT Champion Flyer team that finished with a record of 24-6.
Professional life.
Dr. Schoen is a Professor of mathematics and education at The University of Iowa. He received his doctorate from Ohio State University in 1971. His professional work has focused on teaching mathematics and mathematics curriculum. Dr. Schoen has authored over 80 scholarly publications as well as 15 textbooks.

</doc>
<doc id="21372577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372577" title="Tim Mulherin">
Tim Mulherin

Timothy Sean Mulherin (born 24 August 1957) is an Australian politician who is currently the MP for Mackay in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and Deputy Leader of the Opposition.
Early life and career.
Born in Mackay, he was a clerk on the Mackay Electricity Board before becoming involved in politics.
Political career.
From 1994 to 1995 he was a state organiser of the Australian Labor Party.
In 1995, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Labor member for Mackay, replacing Ed Casey, a former ALP leader. He served as a backbencher until he was named to the Beattie Ministry to replace the disgraced Gordon Nuttall as Minister for Primary Industries and Fisheries in December 2005. He was given additional responsibility for Regional Development in 2009, and his title was recast as Minister for Primary Industries, Fisheries and Rural and Regional Queensland. In February 2011, his titled was again changed, this time to Minister for Agriculture, Food and Regional Economies
Mulherin was elected as Deputy Opposition Leader in the wake of the ALP's defeat at the 2012 election. He is the longest-serving ALP MP and the only to have served in Opposition, having been in Parliament during the 1996–98 Coalition Ministry of Rob Borbidge.
Personal life.
He is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="21372579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372579" title="Supreme Constitutional Court">
Supreme Constitutional Court

Supreme Constitutional Court can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21372598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372598" title="Rupelramphastoides">
Rupelramphastoides

Rupelramphastoides is an extinxt genus of piciform from the Lower Oligocene of Central Europe (Germany). Only one species are recorded for genus, "Rupelramphastoides knopfi", and it is classified "family "incertae sedis"", pending discovery of additional specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="21372610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372610" title="Platine War">
Platine War

The Platine War (18 August 1851 – 3 February 1852) was fought between the Argentine Confederation and an alliance consisting of the Empire of Brazil, Uruguay and the Argentine provinces of Entre Ríos and Corrientes. The war was part of a long-running contest between Argentina and Brazil for influence over Uruguay and Paraguay, and hegemony over the Platine region (areas bordering the Río de la Plata). The conflict took place in Uruguay, on the Río de la Plata, and northeastern Argentina.
In 1850, the Platine region was politically unstable. Although the Governor of Buenos Aires, Juan Manuel de Rosas, used his position to gain dictatorial control over other Argentine provinces, his rule was plagued by a series of regional rebellions. Meanwhile, Uruguay struggled with a long-running civil war which started after acquiring independence from Brazil in 1828. Rosas backed the Uruguayan Blanco party in this conflict, and further desired to extend Argentine borders to areas formerly occupied by the Spanish Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata. This meant asserting control over Uruguay, Paraguay, and Bolivia. Rosas' objective also threatened Brazilian interests and sovereignty since the old Spanish Viceroyalty had also included territories which had since been assimilated into Brazil's province of Rio Grande do Sul.
Brazil actively pursued ways to eliminate the Rosist threat. In 1851, it allied with the Argentine breakaway provinces of Corrientes and Entre Rios (led by Justo José de Urquiza), and the anti-Rosas faction in Uruguay. Brazil next secured the south-western flank by signing defensive alliances with Paraguay and Bolivia. Faced with an offensive alliance against his regime, Rosas declared war on Brazil. Allied forces then advanced into Uruguayan territory, defeating the Rosas-aligned faction led by Manuel Oribe. Afterwards, the allied army was split, with the main arm advancing by land to engage Rosas's main defenses and the other launching a seaborne assault directed at Buenos Aires.
The Platine War ended in 1852 with the allied victory at the Battle of Caseros, establishing Brazilian hegemony over much of South America. The war's result further ushered in a period of economic and political stability in the Empire of Brazil. With Rosas gone, Argentina began a process which would result in a more unified state. However, the end of the war did not completely resolve other issues within the Platine region. Turmoil continued in subsequent years, with internal disputes among political factions in Uruguay, a long civil war in Argentina, and an emergent Paraguay asserting its claims. Two more major international wars followed during the next two decades, sparked by territorial ambitions and conflicts over influence.
Background.
Civil wars in Argentina.
Don Juan Manuel de Rosas became governor of Buenos Aires after the brief period of anarchy following the end of the Cisplatine War in 1828. In theory, Rosas only held as much power as governors of the other Argentine provinces, but in reality he ruled over the entire Argentine Confederation, as the country was then known. Although he was one of the Federalists, a faction which demanded greater provincial autonomy, in practice Rosas exercised control over the other provinces and become the virtual ruler of Argentina. During his 20-year government, the country witnessed the resurgence of armed conflicts between the Unitarians (his rival political faction) and the Federalists.
Rosas desired to recreate the former Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata. He aimed to build a powerful, republican state with Argentina placed at the its center. The defunct Viceroyalty had shattered into several separate nations following the gaining of independence at the beginning of the 19th century. To achieve reunification, the Argentine government needed to annex the three neighbouring nations of Bolivia, Uruguay and Paraguay, as well as to incorporate a portion of the southern region of Brazil. Rosas first had to gather allies across the region who shared his vision. In some instances, this meant that he had to become involved in the internal politics of neighboring countries, backing those sympathetic to union with Argentina, and occasionally even financing rebellions and wars.
Paraguay had considered itself a sovereign nation since 1811, but it was not recognized as such by any other nation. Argentina viewed it as a rebellious province. The Paraguayan dictator José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia decided that the best way to maintain his own rule and the independence of Paraguay from Argentina was to isolate the country from contacts with the outside world. It was for this reason that, up until 1840, Paraguay had avoided establishing diplomatic relations with other nations. With the death of Francia, this policy began to shift, and his successor Don Carlos Antonio López signed two treaties in July 1841. These were the "Friendship, Commerce and Navigation" and "Limits" agreements made with the Argentine province of Corrientes, which itself had broken away from Argentina under Rosas. Meanwhile, Rosas increasingly put pressure on Paraguay. He continued to refuse to recognize Paraguayan independence and placed a blockade on international traffic to and from Paraguay on the Paraná river.
La Guerra Grande.
Uruguay's internal troubles, including the long civil war, ""La Guerra Grande"" (The Great War), were heavily influential factors leading up to the Platine War. The old Brazilian province of Cisplatina had become the Oriental Republic of Uruguay after the Cisplatine War of the 1820s. The country soon engulfed in a long civil war between its two political parties: the Blancos, led by Don Juan Antonio Lavalleja, and the Colorados, led by Don Fructuoso Rivera.
Lavalleja soon discovered that Rosas in neighbouring Buenos Aires was interested in aiding him financially and militarily. In 1832, Lavalleja began to receive aid from Bento Gonçalves, a soldier and farmer from the Brazilian province of Rio Grande do Sul. Gonçalves had been encouraged by Rosas to rebel against the Brazilian government in 1835, with the ultimate aim of enabling Argentina to annex the province of Rio Grande do Sul. Together, Lavalleja and Gonçalves initiated a military campaign in Uruguay which was characterised by extensive violence and pillage. Gonçalves betrayed Rosas and Lavalleja by becoming an ally of Rivera. Both then invaded Uruguay and overran most of the country outside the environs of the capital, Montevideo. Defeated, the then-Uruguayan president Manuel Oribe, like the betrayed Lavalleja a member of the Blanco party, resigned his position as president and decamped to Argentina.
Rosas was determined to restore Argentine suzerainty over Uruguay and take revenge on Gonçalves. A series of interventions resulted. In 1839 an army led by Lavalleja, Oribe and Justo José de Urquiza, (Governor of Entre Rios) was quickly defeated by Rivera. At this point, Lavalleja turned his back on the conflict and played no further part in the civil war. Rosas sent another army of Argentines and Uruguayans in 1845, led by Oribe and Urquiza, and this time defeated Rivera's forces, slaughtering the survivors. Rivera was one of the few who managed to escape, and went into exile in Rio de Janeiro. What remained of Rivera's Colorados held power only in the country's capital Montevideo as Oribe's forces began subjecting it to a siege. The violence in Uruguay escalated, with Oribe's men killing more than 17,000 Uruguayans and 15,000 Argentinians during the conflict.
Oribe's control of nearly all of Uruguay had been secured, enabling him to launch an invasion of southern Brazil, his forces stealing cattle, looting ranches, and liquidating political enemies as they went. More than 188 Brazilian farms were attacked, with 814,000 cattle and 16,950 horses stolen. Local Brazilians independently decided to retaliate, making raids into Uruguay which became known as ""Califórnias"", in reference to the violence in western North America during California's revolt against Mexico, its brief independence and subsequent annexation by the U.S. As conflict further escalated with the persistent support of Rosas for the Blancos, anarchy spread over wide areas in the region; with a growing threat to trade, the era's two greatest powers, France and Great Britain, were induced to declare war on Argentina. Buenos Aires suffered repeated attacks from Anglo-French fleets and endured several blockades. The Argentine government was able to mount effective resistance, however, leading to a peace accord in 1849.
Empire of Brazil reacts.
By the middle of the 19th century, the Empire of Brazil was the richest and most powerful nation in Latin America. It thrived under democratic institutions and a constitutional monarchy, and prided itself on the absence of the caudillos, dictators and "coups d'état" which were common across the rest of the continent. During the minority of emperor Dom Pedro II in the 1830s, however, there had been internal rebellions driven by local disputes for power within a few provinces. One of these, the Ragamuffin War, had been led by Gonçalves, as noted above.
For the Brazilian Empire, expansionist plans on the part of powerful, republican Argentina represented an existential menace. It also signified a threat to Brazilian hegemony across its southern borders. A successful Argentine bid to incorporate Paraguay and Uruguay into a reconstituted Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata (and control of the Platine river network consequently passing into entirely hostile hands) would have threatened to cut communication between the Brazilian province of Mato Grosso and Rio de Janeiro. With river transportation denied, the alternative land routes would require months of travel instead of days. Nor was Brazil keen to share a direct border with Argentina, fearing an increased vulnerability to an invasion by Rosas.
The members of the Brazilian Cabinet could not reach agreement as to how to address the danger posed by Rosas. Some ministers advocated seeking a peaceful resolution at any cost. These feared Brazil was unprepared for war and that a defeat would lead to a situation similar to the chaos following the loss of Cisplatine in the 1820s, which ended in abdication by Dom Pedro I, the Emperor's father. Other ministers took the position that only a military response would eliminate the threat. In 1849, however, Paulino José Soares de Sousa, a member of the pro-war faction and later Viscount of Uruguai, was chosen as the new minister of Foreign Affairs. Soares made clear his intent to deal with Argentina without foreign assistance, announcing that the "Imperial Government does not desire or judge convenient an alliance with France or any other European nation related to the matters in the Platine region. It understands that they must be resolved by the nations which are closely connected with... It will not admit European influence over America." The Empire of Brazil was determined to extend its zone of influence over South America.
The cabinet settled upon a risky alternative to resolve the complicated situation in the Platine region. Instead of undertaking a period of conscription to build up the Brazilian Army, which would have been costly, the Council decided to rely on the standing army. It sent a contingent south to secure the region. Brazil held an advantage in possessing a powerful and modern navy, along with an experienced professional army hardened by years of internal and external warfare. Up until this point, no other nation in South America possessed true navies or regular armies. Rosas' and Oribe's forces were largely made up of irregular troops on loan from those caudillos who supported them. Even a decade later, Argentina could only field an army of 6,000 men. Brazil also decided to adopt Rosas' own tactics by financing his opponents to weaken him both internally and externally.
War begins.
Alliance against Rosas.
The Brazilian government set about creating a regional alliance against Rosas, sending a delegation to the region led by Honório Hermeto Carneiro Leão (later the Marquis of Paraná), who held plenipotentiary authority. He was assisted by José Maria da Silva Paranhos (later the Viscount of Rio Branco). Brazil signed a treaty with Bolívia in which Bolivia agreed to strengthen its border defenses to deter any attack by Rosas, though it declined to contribute troops to a war with Argentina. Isolationist Paraguay was more difficult to win over. Brazil made the initial overtures, becoming the first country to formally recognise Paraguayan independence in 1844. This soon led to the establishment of excellent diplomatic relations. The Brazilian ambassador in Paraguay, Pimenta Bueno, became a private councilor to Carlos López. A defensive alliance was signed on 25 December 1850 between Brazil and Paraguay, in which López agreed to supply the Empire with horses for its army. But Paraguay also refused to contribute troops to fight Rosas, believing that Justo José Urquiza (who had invaded Uruguay in 1839 and in 1845), the ruler of the Argentine Entre Rios province, secretly wished to annex Paraguay.
Brazil's involvement in the Uruguayan civil war also began to deepen. Luis Alves de Lima e Silva, the Count of Caxias, assumed the presidency (governorship) of Rio Grande do Sul and the command of the four Brazilian Army divisions headquartered in the province. Beginning in 1849, the Imperial government directly assisted the besieged Colorado Uruguayan government in Montevideo, and on 6 September 1850 the Uruguayan representative Andres Lamas signed an agreement with Irineu Evangelista de Sousa to transfer money to the Montevideo government through his bank. On 16 March 1851, the Empire of Brazil openly declared its support of Colorado Uruguay against Oribe, something it had been covertly doing for more than two years. This did not please the Argentine government, and they began mobilizing for war.
Brazil had also been searching for support against Rosas inside Argentina, with some success. On 1 May 1851, the province of Entre Rios, still governed by Urquiza, declared to Rosas that "it is the will of its people to reassume the entire exercise of its own sovereignty and power which had been delegated to the governor of Buenos Aires." It was followed by the province of Corrientes, governed by Benjamín Virasoro, which sent the same message. Brazil encouraged and financially supported both uprisings. One of the reasons for Urquiza's betrayal of Rosas was a long-running rivalry. Rosas had tried to remove him from power several times since 1845, suspecting that the caudillo was nurturing designs for his overthrow. This was the trigger for military intervention, and Brazil sent a naval force to the Platine region, basing it near the port of Montevideo. The British Rear admiral John Pascoe Grenfell, a veteran of the Brazilian War of Independence and of the Cisplatine War, was appointed to lead the fleet, which reached Montevideo on 4 May 1851. His command included 1 frigate, 7 corvettes, 3 brigs and 6 steamships. The Brazilian Armada had a total of 59 vessels of various types in 1851, including 36 armed sailing ships, 10 armed steamships, 7 unarmed sailing ships and 6 sailing transports.
Uruguay, Brazil and the Argentine provinces of Entre Rios and Corrientes joined in an offensive alliance against Rosas on 29 May 1851. The text of the treaty declared that the objective was to protect Uruguayan independence, pacify its territory, and expel Oribe's forces. Urquiza would command the Argentine forces and Eugenio Garzón would lead the Colorado Uruguayans, with both receiving financial and military aid from the Empire of Brazil. This was followed on 2 August 1851 by landings of the first Brazilian detachments in Uruguay, consisting of approximately 300 soldiers of the 6th Battalion of Skirmishers sent to protect "Fuerte del Cerro" (Cerro Fort). In response, Rosas declared war against Brazil on 18 August 1851.
Allied invasion of Uruguay.
The Count of Caxias led a Brazilian army of 16,200 professional soldiers across the border between Rio Grande do Sul and Uruguay on 4 September 1851. His force consisted of four divisions, with 6,500 infantrymen, 8,900 cavalrymen, 800 artillerymen and 26 cannons, a little under half the total Brazilian army (37,000 men); while another 4,000 of his men remained in Brazil to protect its border.
The Brazilian Army entered Uruguay in three groups: the main force, consisting of the 1st and 2nd divisions left from Santana do Livramento—around 12,000 men under Caxias's personal command. The second force, under the command of Colonel David Canabarro departed from Quaraim, comprising the 4th division, protecting Caxias' right flank. The third force, the 3rd Division under Brigadier General José Fernandes, left from Jaguarão, protecting Caxias' left. Canabarro's 4th Division joined Caxias's troops shortly after arriving at the Uruguayan town of Frutuoso, the combined force then joining up with Fernandes just before reaching Montevideo.
Defeat of Oribe.
Meanwhile, the troops of Urquiza and Eugenio Garzón had surrounded the army of Oribe near Montevideo. Their forces numbered roughly 15,000 men, almost double Oribe's 8,500. Realising that the Brazilians were approaching and knowing that there was no hope of victory, Oribe orderered his troops to surrender without a fight on 19 October, and retreated into seclusion on his farm in Paso del Molino. The Brazilian fleet, with their ships scattered throughout the River Plate and tributaries, prevented the defeated army of Oribe from escaping into Argentina. Urquiza suggested to Grenfell that they should simply kill the resulting prisoners of war, but Grenfell refused to harm any of them. Instead, Oribe's Argentine soldiers were incorporated into the army of Urquiza, and the Uruguayans into Garzon's.
The Brazilian army easily took the remaining Blanco Uruguayan territory, fending off remnants of Oribe's troops who attacked its flanks in several skirmishes. On 21 November the representatives of Brazil, Uruguay, Entre Rios and Corrientes then formed another alliance in Montevideo with the objective of "freeing the Argentine people from the oppression it suffers under the tyrant rule of Governor Rosas”.
Allied invasion of Argentina.
Allied army advance.
Shortly after the surrender of Oribe, the allied forces split into two groups, the plan being for one force to manoeuver upriver and sweep down on Buenos Aires from Santa Fe, while the other would make a landing at the port of Buenos Aires itself. The first of these groups, was composed of Uruguayan and Argentine troops, along with the 1st Division of the Brazilian Army under Brigadier General Manuel Marques de Sousa (later the Count of Porto Alegre). It was initially based in the town of Colonia del Sacramento in the south of Uruguay across the Río de la Plata estuary from the city of Buenos Aires.
On 17 December 1851, a squadron of Brazilian ships, consisting of four steamships, three corvettes and one brig under the command of Grenfell, forced a passage of the Paraná River in the battle which became known as the Passage of the Tonelero. The Argentines had formed a powerful defensive line at Tonelero, near the cliffs of Acevedo, protected by 16 pieces of artillery and 2,000 riflemen under the command of general Lucio Norberto Mansilla. The Argentine troops exchanged fire with the Brazilian warships but were unable to prevent from them from progressing upriver. The following day, the Brazilian ships returned and broke their way through Tonelero's defenses, carrying the remaining troops of Marques de Sousa's Brazilian division upstream towards Gualeguaichu. This second influx of ships caused Mansilla and his soldiers to withdraw in chaos, abandoning their artillery, believing that the allies were intending to land and attack their positions from the rear.
The allied army continued to make its way to the assembly point at Gualeguaichu. Urquiza and his cavalry traveled overland from Montevideo, while the infantry and artillery were carried by Brazilian warships up the Uruguay River. After meeting up, they marched west until they reached the city of Diamante on the east side of the Paraná River in the middle of December 1851. Eugenio Garzón and his the Uruguayan troops were taken from Montevideo up to Potrero Perez by Brazilian warships and continued on foot until arriving at Diamante on 30 December 1851, when all the allied forces were finally reunited. From Diamante contingents were ferried to the other side of the Paraná River, landing at Santa Fé. The Confederate Argentine troops in the region ran away without offering any resistance. The Allied Army, or the “Grand Army of South America” as it was officially called by Urquiza, marched on towards Buenos Aires.
Meanwhile, the second force, comprising the majority of the Brazilian troops (about 12,000 men) under the command of Caxias, had remained in Colonia del Sacramento. The Brazilian commander took the steamship "Dom Afonso" (named in honor of the late Prince Afonso) and entered the port at Buenos Aires to select the best place to disembark his troops. He expected to have to defeat the Argentine flotilla anchored there, but the force did nothing to stop him and he safely returned to Sacramento to plan his assault. The attack was prematurely aborted, however, when news arrived of the allied victory at Caseros.
Rosas defeated.
The Allied army had been advancing on the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires by land, while the Brazilian Army commanded by Caxias planned a supporting attack by sea. On 29 January at the Battle of Alvarez Field the Allied vanguard defeated a force of 4,000 Argentines led by two colonels which General Ángel Pacheco had sent to slow down the advance. Pacheco retreated. Two days later, troops under his personal command were defeated at the Battle of Marques Bridge by two allied divisions. On 1 February 1852, the Allied troops encamped approximately nine kilometers from Buenos Aires. The next day a brief skirmish between the vanguards of both armies ended with a retreat by the Argentines.
On 3 February the Allied army encountered the main Argentine force commanded by Rosas himself. On paper, the two sides were well-matched. The Allies included 20,000 Argentines, 2,000 Uruguayans, 4,000 Brazilian elite troops totalling 26,000 men and 45 cannon (16,000 cavalrymen, 9,000 infantrymen and 1,000 artillerymen). On the Argentine side, Rosas had 15,000 cavalrymen, 10,000 infantrymen and 1,000 artillerymen, totalling 26,000 men and 60 cannon. Rosas had been able to select the best positions for his army, choosing the high ground on the slopes of a hill at Caseros, which lay on the other side of the Morón creek. His headquarters were based in a mansion at the top of Caseros.
The Allied commanders were de Sousa, Manuel Luis Osório (later the Marquis of Erval), Jose Maria Pirán, Jose Miguel Galán (who replaced Garzón after his unexpected death in December 1851), Urquiza, and the future Argentine presidents Bartolomé Mitre and Domingo Sarmiento—the latter both leading the Argentine Unitarians. These men formed a War Council, and gave orders to commence the attack. Almost immediately the forward units of the two armies began to engage in battle.
The Battle of Caseros, as the clash between the Allied and Argentine armies became known, resulted in a huge victory for the opponents of Rosas. Although they started with the inferior position on the battlefield, the Allied soldiers managed to annihilate Rosas's troops in a fight that lasted for most of the day. A few minutes before the Allied forces reached Rosas' headquarters, the Argentine dictator escaped the battlefield. Disguised as a sailor, he sought out Robert Gore, British ambassador in Buenos Aires, and requested asylum. The ambassador agreed to have de Rosas and his daughter Manuelita taken to the United Kingdom, where he would spend the last twenty years of his life. The official report stated that 600 men on the Allied side had been wounded or died, while the Argentine losses were 1,400 killed or wounded and 7,000 captured. Given the duration and scale of the battle, however, this may be an underestimate.
To mark their victory, the Allied troops marched in triumph through the streets of Buenos Aires. The parades included the Brazilian Army, which insisted that their triumphal procession take place on 20 February, to mark payback for the defeat it had suffered at the Battle of Ituzaingó twenty five years before on that date. The population of Buenos Aires was said to have looked on silently with a combination of shame and hostility as the Brazilians passed.
Aftermath.
In Brazil.
The triumph in Caseros was a pivotal military victory for Brazil. The independence of Paraguay and Uruguay was secured, and the planned Argentine invasion of Rio Grande do Sul was blocked. In a period of three years, the Empire of Brazil had destroyed any possibility of reconstituting a state encompassing the territories of old Viceroyalty of the Rio de la Plata, a goal cherished by many in Argentina since independence. Brazil's army and fleet had accomplished what Great Britain and France, the great powers of that time, had not achieved through interventions by their powerful navies. This represented a watershed for the history of the region as it not only ushered in Imperial hegemony over the Platine region, but, according to Brazilian historian J. F. Maya Pedrosa, also in the rest of South America. The victory over Paraguay eighteen years later would only be a confirmation of Brazilian dominance.
Hispanic American nations from Mexico to Argentina suffered from coups d'état, revolts, dictatorships, political upheavals, economic instability, civil wars and secessions. Brazil, on the other hand, came out of the conflict with its system of constitutional monarchy strengthened and the cessation of internal revolts. The problematic province of Rio Grande do Sul had actively participated in the war effort. As a consequence, there was increased identification with Brazil among its populace, quelling of separatist feeling, and an easier and effective integration with the rest of the nation. Internal stability also allowed Brazil to begin assuming a respected place on the international scene, coinciding with the parallel emergence of the United States which was only now establishing its own borders. The European powers perceived in the Empire of Brazil a rare exception in a continent afflicted by civil wars and dictatorships. Brazil entered into a period of great economic, scientific and cultural prosperity, lasting from 1850 until the end of its monarchy.
In Argentina.
Soon after Caseros, the San Nicolás Agreement was signed. It was meant to comply with the constitutional mandate of the Federal pact that presided over the Argentine Confederation, convening a Constitutional Assembly to meet in Santa Fe. This agreement was not accepted by the province of Buenos Aires, since it reduced its influence and power over the other provinces. Buenos Aires thereupon seceded from the confederation, thus Argentina got divided into two rival, independent states which fought to establish dominance. On the one side were the Federalists of the Argentine Confederation, led by Justo José de Urquiza. On the other, the Autonomists of Buenos Aires. The civil war was only brought to an end with the decisive victory of Buenos Aires over the Federation at the 1861 Battle of Pavón. The "bonaerense" liberal leader Bartolomé Mitre was elected the first President of a united Argentine Republic in 1862.
In Paraguay and Uruguay.
With the opening of the Platine rivers, Paraguay now found it possible to contract with European technicians and Brazilian specialists to aid in its development. Unhindered access to the outside world also enabled it to import more advanced military technology. During the greater part of the 1850s, the dictator Carlos López harassed Brazilian vessels attempting to freely navigate the Paraguay River. López feared that the province of Mato Grosso might become a base from which an invasion from Brazil could be launched. This dispute was also leverage with the Imperial government for acceptance of his territorial demands in the region. The nation also experienced difficulties in delimiting its borders with Argentina. Argentina wanted the Gran Chaco placed completely under its flag: a demand which Paraguay could not accept, as this would entail surrendering more than half of its national territory.
The end of the Platine War did not bring a halt to conflict in the region. Peace remained out of reach in Uruguay, which remained unstable and in a state of constant crisis due to continuing internecine strife between the Blancos and Colorados. Border disputes, power struggles among diverse regional factions, and attempts to establish regional and internal influence would eventually spark the Uruguayan War as well as the later Paraguayan War.

</doc>
<doc id="21372616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372616" title="Mandalay (film)">
Mandalay (film)

Mandalay is a 1934 American drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and written by Austin Parker and Charles Kenyon based on a story by Paul Hervey Fox. The film stars Kay Francis, Ricardo Cortez, Warner Oland and Lyle Talbot, and features Ruth Donnelly. The film is about a world-weary woman (Francis) nicknamed 'Spot White' at the local brothel and bar who does what she can to survive.
Director Curtiz used cutting edge wipes and opticals in the film. Future child star Shirley Temple won a small role in the film as the daughter of the Donnelly and Littlefield characters but the role was little more than a walk-on. Originally, her name was not listed in the credits but only included years later
Production.
The lead roles were initially offered to George Brent and his wife Ruth Chatterton. Chatterton turned down the role because she did not want to play a prostitute again, and Brent because he did not want to make the trip to the Stockton, California location on San Joaquin River, where the film shot for 10 days. Afterwards, Donald Woods was assigned by the studio to play "Tony Evans", and Katya Sergova was considered to play "Tanya Borodoff".
Reception.
Although the critics did not see the film as anything better than a good "B-movie", it was well-received nonetheless, and was a moneymaker for the studio.
Box Office.
According to Warner Bros records the film made a profit of $83,462.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="21372620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372620" title="Psittacopes">
Psittacopes

Psittacopes is an extinct genus of parrot from Middle Eocene. One species is recorded from Messel, Germany ("P. lepidus"), and other three possible unnamed species are from London Clay, England.

</doc>
<doc id="21372622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372622" title="Fixed drug reaction">
Fixed drug reaction

Fixed drug reactions are common and so named because they recur at the same site with each exposure to a particular medication. Medications inducing fixed drug eruptions are usually those taken intermittently.
Drugs causing fixed drug eruptions:
1. fluconazole
2. ciprofloxacin
3. doxycycline
4. clarithromycin
5. NSAIDs
6. Trimethoprim
7. Cotrimoxazole
8. Phenytoin
9. Cetirizine

</doc>
<doc id="21372637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372637" title="Eurofluvioviridavis">
Eurofluvioviridavis

Eurofluvioviridavis is an extinct genus of primitive bird from Middle Eocene of Messel, Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="21372647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372647" title="Fluvioviridavis">
Fluvioviridavis

Fluvioviridavis is an extinct genus of primitive bird from Early Eocene of Wyoming. There are only one species recorded, "F. platyrhamphus".

</doc>
<doc id="21372672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372672" title="Norman Brooks (swimmer)">
Norman Brooks (swimmer)

Norman Standish Brooks (11 March 1910 – 1953) was an English former freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metre freestyle event.
Two years later he won the silver medal in 100 yards freestyle competition at the 1930 British Empire Games. He also won a silver medal as member of the English team in the 4×200 yards relay contest.

</doc>
<doc id="21372684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372684" title="Candidates of the New South Wales state election, 2003">
Candidates of the New South Wales state election, 2003

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 2003 New South Wales state election. The election was held on 22 March 2003.
Legislative Assembly.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Legislative Council.
Sitting members are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one MLC are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).

</doc>
<doc id="21372695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372695" title="William Spratly">
William Spratly

William Spratly was the Second Officer of the British whaler, "Cyrus" and brother of its Captain, Richard Spratly who is notable for naming Spratly Island and being the namesake of the Spratly Islands. Richard Spratly is often mistakenly named William Spratly when referring to this incident. 
It is possible, though unlikely, that this may be the same William Spratly who captained the Norwegian steamer, , between 1883–1900.

</doc>
<doc id="21372697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372697" title="Shlomi Braha">
Shlomi Braha

Shlomi Bracha (; born March 21, 1962) is an Israeli Rock musician and record producer, best known for being the guitarist and one of the songwriters in the Israeli rock band Mashina.
Biography.
Bracha was born March 21, 1962, in Kiryat Shalom, Tel Aviv, Israel. He met Yuval Banai in 1980 while they were serving together in the Israel Defense Forces, and they formed a band. They split up after their army service, and Bracha formed the group "HaChazit Ha'amamit" ("The National Front") with bassist Michael Benson. In 1984 Bracha teamed up again with Banai and with drummer Iggy Dayan to form the band Mashina Their self-titled debut album was released in 1985. Later Avner Hodorov joined the band on keyboard and saxophone.
In May 1995 the group disbanded after a series of four farewell shows. Bracha began co-writing with Rami Fortis, and they released an album a few years later. He released a solo album, "Chaplin Charlie", in 2003, the same year that Mashina got back together and resumed recording and performing.

</doc>
<doc id="21372706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372706" title="Hillary Weston">
Hillary Weston

Hillary Weston is the former longtime manager and friend of female American rap artist Lil' Kim.
Weston has served as associate producer on three of her albums - "The Notorious K.I.M.", "La Bella Mafia", and "The Naked Truth". She also served as Executive Producer for Lil' Kim's television series "".
She served as /co-manager before replacing Lil' Kim's previous manager Damion "D-Roc" Bulter, whom she severed ties with in 2001 after a shooting incident that occurred at the Hot 97 radio station offices in New York City, New York.
Weston can be seen in the television series 'Countdown To Lockdown' as well as the Junior M.A.F.I.A. documentary 'Life After Death'.

</doc>
<doc id="21372722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372722" title="Cranial Impalement">
Cranial Impalement

Cranial Impalement is the debut studio album by American death metal band Disgorge. It was released by Extremities Records in 1999 and re-released on August 12, 2008 by Unique Leader Records. The last four tracks were recorded during their 1995 demo.

</doc>
<doc id="21372734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372734" title="Bullous drug reaction">
Bullous drug reaction

Bullous drug reaction (also known as a "Bullous drug eruption," "Generalized bullous fixed drug eruption," and "Multilocular bullous fixed drug eruption") most commonly refers to a drug reaction in the erythema multiforme group. These are uncommon reactions to medications, with an incidence of 0.4 to 1..2 per million person-years for toxic epidermal necrolysis and 1.2 to 6.0 per million person-years for Stevens–Johnson syndrome. The primary skin lesions are large erythemas (faintly discernible even after confluence), most often irregularly distributed and of a characteristic purplish-livid color, at times with flaccid blisters.

</doc>
<doc id="21372774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372774" title="2008 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
2008 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 2008 CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament was the 37th CCHA Men's Ice Hockey Tournament. It was played between March 6 and March 22, 2008. Opening round and quarterfinal games were played at campus sites, while the semifinals, third place, and championship games were played at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. By winning the tournament, Michigan received the Central Collegiate Hockey Association's automatic bid to the 2008 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament.
Conference Standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; PTS = Points; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against"
Bracket.
Note: * denotes overtime period(s)

</doc>
<doc id="21372817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372817" title="Anne Hamburger">
Anne Hamburger

Anne Hamburger is a cultural entrepreneur and producer and the President, Executive Producer of En Garde Arts that creates and produces site-specific theatre and multi-media experiences. Hamburger has a 360 degree approach to producing shows where content, form, place and community and audience are all interwoven into the producing process. Her specialty is putting together artistic and production teams and developing shows from the ground up with some of the theatre's most esteemed writers, directors, composers and designers. A description of current projects under development can be found on her web page Engardearts.org.
Anne Hamburger is also producing commercial projects under the mantle En Garde Productions. Her first foray into Broadway is an adaptation of John Berendt's Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil by Alfred Uhry and directed by Rob Ashford. It is being co-produced by Craig Haffner.
Anne Hamburger was Executive Vice President of Walt Disney Creative Entertainment from 2000–2008, the global organization which was founded with her arrival to the Disney Company. She spearheaded the creative development of all the major stage shows, parades and daytime and nighttime spectacles for all the parks worldwide. She brought a whole host of well-known theatrical artists into the theme parks for the first time in Disney history, creating Broadway caliber productions around the world including Diane Paulus ("Hair", "Porgy and Bess"); Robert Lopez ("Avenue Q", "The Book of Mormon"); Eric Schaffer ("Million Dollar Quartet"). Her production of "Aladdin" directed by Francesca Zambello recently celebrated its 10,000th performance in the 2,000 seat Hyperion Theatre in California.
Prior to joining The Walt Disney Company, Hamburger was the Artistic Director of La Jolla Playhouse in 1999–2000. "Thoroughly Modern Millie" the musical began production under her tenure and later transferred to Broadway and won the Tony Award for Best Musical in 2002. She also was one of the original producers for the Tony Award winning "Spring Awakening", giving the creative team their first workshop in 2000.
From 1986 to 1999, Hamburger was the Founder and Executive Producer of En Garde Arts in New York City where she won international acclaim for large scale, "site-specific" productions which resurrrected defunct performing spaces and brought attention to important landmarks, historic streets and striking architectural structures. Called "an invigorating urban presence" by "The New York Times", En Garde Arts was the recipient of six Obie Awards, two Drama Desk Awards and a special Outer Critics Circle Award. Hamburger was recognized with the Edwin Booth and Lee Reynolds Awards for the impressive body of her work. She graduated with an MFA from the Yale School of Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="21372838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372838" title="Willow and Wind">
Willow and Wind

Willow and Wind () is a 2000 Iranian film directed by Mohammad-Ali Talebi. It is written by Abbas Kiarostami.
Plot.
A young school boy was ordered to walk a long way to purchase a piece of window glass larger than he could carry back to his school. The weather was bitter and the wind so strong that he almost failed on the road. He tried hard and finally moved the load back to the classroom where he was supposed to fix up a broken window. He was all alone and no one to turn for help. The glass blew crushed in pieces by the wind...

</doc>
<doc id="21372847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372847" title="DolphinDOS">
DolphinDOS

DolphinDOS is a hardware expansion for the Commodore computers and floppy disk drives like Commodore 1541, 1541-II, Commodore 1571. It combined the disk controller side RAM expansion and firmware replacement with computer side KERNAL replacement and additional Parallel connection between the disk drive controller and the computer.

</doc>
<doc id="21372884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372884" title="Tubolja">
Tubolja

Tubolja (or Potubolja) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The origin of the name of the village is unclear. The name sounds like an Illyrian one, but it could have Croatian roots. Dictionary Croatian or Serbian language (St. XVIII, 1962-1966., Pp. 843). Antique explains that the word "tubolja" means "big rock or beams," and that the name of the village comes from the same words: it is a village which is located next to the rocks, or beams. Perhaps it indicates the name Potubolje: under rocks, under Stijn?
The village is preserved in the springs has not cited, even by Bakula 1867. This does not means it was empty, but the historical wellspring of state under a new name. So it Šilobadović 1668. called the Abyss, izvješćujući as the village burned Dalmatian Uskoks and enslaved him.
Although obviously been inhabited, it is not mentioned village in the Abyss Episcopal reports from the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries. Probably it was included in Kovac. In recent times Tubolju are settled immigrants from Herzegovina and Dalmatia. Among the largest families are Ivanković and Kurevija. In the village there is a more arheolpških lokalitema pointing to long-term population of the area - west of the village on a hilly elevation is Illyrian tumuli Plandovišće.
Northeast of Kurevijinih house, on the Mašete, which is in possession of the Ivanković family, there is a prehistoric tumulus. East of the house of Ivan Glavas, there is a grave with a tomb decorated with a cross. On the meadow of the Ivanković family, zavnoj stones, preserved in a tomb.
In the early 20th century, Ante Radić, the father of Croatian ethnology, visited the village, as described in Proceedings of national life and običaje. The population is increasingly moving elsewhere, to Tomislavgrad, Croatia and other European countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21372897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372897" title="Urticarial erythema multiforme">
Urticarial erythema multiforme

Urticarial erythema multiforme is an unusual reaction virtually always associated with antibiotic ingestions, characterized by skin lesions that consist of urticarial papules and plaques, some of which clear centrally forming annular lesions, but with no true urticarial lesions.

</doc>
<doc id="21372907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372907" title="BMW F800S">
BMW F800S

The F800S was a sport bike made by BMW Motorrad from 2006 to 2010. Along with the F800S, other bikes in the F-bike range are the dual-sport F800GS, the sport touring F800ST, and the naked F800R. 
BMW developed with Rotax a parallel-twin engine with a 360 degree firing order. This produced an exhaust note reminiscent of BMW's signature air-cooled boxer twins. However, this firing order required both pistons to move up and down at the same time. To counter the significant inertia produced by the pistons reciprocating, BMW devised a third vestigial connecting rod to a balance weight. The result was a parallel twin with significantly reduced vibration compared with other parallel twin engine designs. The engine was oiled by a dry sump system, and a soft ignition-cut rev limiter engaged at 9,000 rpm. 
The engine was notable for early and powerful onset of torque. Chris Pfeiffer used a modified F800S before moving to his signature F800R, using the low-end power of the engine for stunting. BMW tuned the F800 series engine to run lean, typically with air-fuel ratios in the range of 15:1 to 16:1.
The F800S and ST both used low-maintenance belt drives and single sided swingarms. Bikes equipped with ABS also included a rear-wheel lift detection system.
In some markets, including the United States, the F800S was discontinued after the 2007 model year. The F800S was discontinued across most of the world after the summer of 2010 with only a few Central American and Eastern European countries still stocking the last supplies of the model.

</doc>
<doc id="21372915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372915" title="Christian views on divorce">
Christian views on divorce

Christian views on divorce find their basis both in biblical sources dating to the giving of the law to Moses () and political developments in the Christian world long after standardization of the Bible. According to the synoptic Gospels, Jesus emphasized the permanence of marriage, but also its integrity. In the book of Matthew Jesus says "Because of your hardness of heart Moses allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it was not so. And I say to you: whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another, commits adultery". Paul of Tarsus concurred but added an exception, known as the Pauline privilege. The Catholic Church prohibits divorce, and permits annulment (a finding that the marriage was never valid) under a narrow set of circumstances. The Eastern Orthodox Church permits divorce and remarriage in church in certain circumstances, though its rules are generally more restrictive than the civil divorce rules of most countries. Most Protestant churches discourage divorce except as a last resort, but do not actually prohibit it through church doctrine.
The Christian emperors Constantine and Theodosius restricted the grounds for divorce to grave cause, but this was relaxed by Justinian in the sixth century. After the fall of the empire, familial life was regulated more by ecclesiastical authority than civil authority.
Roman Catholic Church.
By the ninth or tenth century, the divorce rate had been greatly increased under the influence of the bananna, which considered marriage a sacrament instituted by God and Christ indissoluble by mere human action.
Although divorce, as known today, was generally allowed in Western Europe after the tenth century, separation of husband and wife and the annulment of marriage were well-known. What is today referred to as “separate maintenance” (or "legal separation") was termed "divorce a mensa et thoro" ("divorce from bed-and-board"). The husband and wife physically separated and were forbidden to live or cohabit together; but their marital relationship did not fully terminate. Civil courts had no power over marriage or divorce.
Canon law makes no provision for divorce, but a declaration of nullity may be granted when proof is produced that essential conditions for contracting a valid marriage were absent— in other words, that the sacrament did not take place due to some impediment. The grounds for annulment are determined by Church authority and applied in ecclesiastical courts. Annulment was known as “divorce a vinculo matrimonii,” or “divorce from all the bonds of marriage,” for canonical causes of impediment existing at the time of the marriage. “For in cases of total divorce, the marriage is declared null, as having been absolutely unlawful "ab initio".” The Church holds that the sacrament of marriage produces one person from two, inseparable from each other: “By marriage the husband and wife are one person in law: that is, the very being of legal existence of the woman is suspended during the marriage or at least incorporated and consolidated into that of the husband: under whose wing, protection and cover, she performs everything.” Since husband and wife became one person upon marriage, that oneness can only be seen as null if the parties improperly entered into the marriage initially, in which the marriage does not validly exist.
Eastern Orthodox.
The Eastern Orthodox Church does recognize that there are occasions when it is better that couples do separate, and permits remarriage in Church, though its divorce rules are stricter than civil divorce in most countries. For the Eastern Orthodox, the marriage is "indissoluble" as in it should not be broken, the violation of such a union, perceived as holy, being an offence resulted from either adultery or the prolonged absence of one of the partners. Thus, permitting remarriage is an act of compassion of the Church towards sinful man. A very low rate of divorce among Orthodox Christians in Greece may suggest that the same may be said for Orthodox Christians in the U.S. However, U.S. rates are inconclusive. The actual divorce rate is probably somewhat higher due to civil divorces obtained without an accompanying ecclesiastical divorce. Divorced individuals are usually allowed to remarry though there is usually imposed on them a penance by their bishop and the services for a second marriage in this case are more penitential than joyful. The Orthodox Church traditionally states that "it blesses the first marriage, performs the second, tolerates the third, and forbids the fourth". Widowed spouses are permitted to remarry without repercussion and their second marriage is considered just as blessed as the first. One exception to this rule is the clergy and their wives. Should a married priest die, it is expected that his widow will not remarry. Widowed priests are not allowed to remarry and frequently end up in monasteries.
Oriental Orthodox Church.
The Oriental Orthodox Church is more severe than the Eastern Orthodox Church in terms of divorce and adopts an intermediate position between Rome and Constantinople, allowing it only in the case of adultery. This position is valid for both Copts and Armenians 
Conservative Protestant churches.
Many conservative evangelical and Protestant churches, such as some Baptists, strongly oppose divorce, viewing it as a sin, pointing out Malachi 2:16 – For I hate divorce,' says Yahweh, the God of Israel, 'and him who covers his garment with violence!' says Yahweh of Armies. 'Therefore take heed to your spirit, that you don't deal treacherously (WEB). However interfaith marriages are handled differently in Ezra 9–10 and 1 Corinthians 7 (the Pauline privilege). Protestant scholar Bill Heth states that this is the majority view.
"The Westminster Confession of Faith".
The Westminster Confession of Faith (WCF), which is a secondary standard of the Presbyterian Church, allows for divorce under certain circumstances. In chapter 24, section 5, it states that the contract of marriage may be dissolved in the case of adultery or abandonment, citing Matthew 5.31 as proof.
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) officially discourages divorce. The LDS Church encourages its members to work around marital problems before they lead to annulment or divorce, yet allows both practices in circumstances of infidelity or other serious cases. Divorce is regarded with heavy social stigma, and Church authorities maintain that “Latter-day Saints need not divorce—there are solutions to marriage problems.” LDS Church policy allows members to seek civil divorce independent of ecclesiastical authority, but cancellation of a temple sealing may only be performed with special permission from the First Presidency of the Church. 
The LDS Church discourages divorce largely on account of its theology of the family. Early church leaders taught that God himself lives in a family and with a wife. Tim B. Heaton, a sociologist from Brigham Young University, explains, “The key tenet in the Mormon Theology of the family is that, given the proper circumstances, family relationships will be perpetuated in heaven.”
Latter-day Saint culture places an extreme emphasis on success in family life, leading to high expectations for marital success. David O. McKay, former President of the Church, stated that “no other success can compensate for failure in the home.” Church publications often publish articles instructing members on means to improve married life, and, on rare occasions, will become involved politically when it feels the institution of marriage is threatened by proposed public policy. General Authority of the Church have repeatedly warned against an impermanent view of marriage. "view of marriage as a mere contract that may be entered into at pleasure … and severed at the first difficulty … is an evil meriting severe condemnation, especially where children are made to suffer." In 2007 Dallin H. Oaks, a senior member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and a former judge on the Utah Supreme Court, has counseled church members that "the weakening of the concept that marriages are permanent and precious has far-reaching consequences." 
Latter-day Saint couples (both with and without temple sealings) are found to have slightly lower rates of divorce when compared with Protestants and Catholics, and significantly lower rates when compared with those who state no religious preference. The following is a chart showing the rate of divorce among various religions with data copied from the study “Religion and Family Formation,” conducted by Tim B. Heaton and Kristen L. Goodman. 
A lower divorce rate among Latter-day Saints may be due to a strong family culture, the difficulty of securing a cancellation of sealing, and other religious influences. Al Thornton, from the University of Michigan, comments that, "With its unique theology and heritage concerning marriage, family, and children, it should not be surprising to find that Mormon behavior differs from that of the larger society." Certain doctrines which are unique to Latter-Day Saint theology may help account for the lower divorce rate among active members. These doctrines include the literal parenthood of God the Father, the eternal nature of families, and the requirement of a successful temple marriage in order to gain salvation. For Latter-day Saints, divorce is "a very serious undertaking", both socially and religiously.
Various factors have been shown to lower incidence of divorce among church members, including church activity. Heaton says that, “Overall, church attendance is associated with lower rates of nonmarriage and divorce, higher probabilities of remarriage after divorce.” Studies suggest that the most important statistical variable affecting marital dissolution rates of Latter-day Saints is marriage in the temple, with some studies finding that non-temple marriages entered into by Latter-day Saints are almost five times more likely to result in divorce than are temple marriages. 
The Encyclopedia of Mormonism states that “he Church distinguishes between (1) civil marriages, which are valid for "time" (until divorce or the death of one spouse), and (2) temple marriages, or sealings, solemnized by proper ecclesiastical authority, which are binding for "time and all eternity." In order for a marriage to be considered eternally binding, it must be performed in a Latter-Day Saint temple by properly authorized temple workers. Marriage in the temple is strongly encouraged by church leaders, as Latter-day Saint marriages performed in the temple have less than a 7% chance of dissolution.
There is some debate over the validity of these figures. The LDS Church itself notes that "In reporting their findings, the two researchers noted that if there were some measure of religious commitment comparable to temple marriage among other religions, statistics for those groups might also be more favorable." The accuracy of this statistic is also disputed on the grounds that the process required to obtain a temple recommend artificially limits the test group to those who are already less likely to divorce. For example, the temple recommend requires Church members to abstain from pre-marital sex, a behavior associated with a higher divorce rate. This statistic also fails to take into account couples who enter into a temple marriage and subsequently obtain a civil divorce, yet fail to apply for a cancellation of temple sealings. Nevertheless, numerous studies show a strong link in the Latter-day Saint culture between marriage in the temple and a lower divorce rate, and that among members "the temple marriage the most resistant to divorce." 
In order to obtain a cancellation of temple sealings, permission from the First Presidency is required. Applicants for divorce are required to submit a request for a cancellation of sealings through their local ecclesiastical authorities, including information about the couple, and a personal appeal. The resulting cultural impact of a divorce upon an LDS couple is significant. Church leaders have stated that “every divorce is the result of selfishness on the part of one or both,” and that selfishness is a leading cause of marital stress and divorce. Divorced Latter-day Saints may report feelings of alienation from fellow church-members and some Latter-day Saints may see divorce as “a sign of failure”.

</doc>
<doc id="21372927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372927" title="Martin Münz">
Martin Münz

Martin Münz (November 5, 1785 – March 18, 1848) was a German anatomist born in Bamberg.
In 1812 he obtained his medical doctorate from the University of Landshut, where in 1814 he earned his habilitation, later becoming an associate professor (1821). Afterwards, he relocated to the University of Würzburg as a professor of anatomy, a position he maintained until his death in 1848. Two of his better known students were Johann Lukas Schönlein (1793-1864) and Franz Leydig (1821-1908).
His best known written effort was ""Handbuch der Anatomie des menschlichen Körpers"" (Anatomical textbook of the human body), being published in five parts between 1815 and 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="21372936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372936" title="SuperKarts">
SuperKarts

SuperKarts is an MS-DOS game published by Virgin Interactive and developed by Manic Media and released in 1995. It is a kart racing game. The player plays as several characters from different countries and races on circuits from those characters' home countries.

</doc>
<doc id="21372939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372939" title="Khirbet al-Malih">
Khirbet al-Malih

Khirbet al-Malih () is a Palestinian hamlet of over 200 people in the Tubas Governorate of the northeastern West Bank, located east of Tubas. 
History.
Khirbet al-Malih dates back to the Ottoman period of rule in Palestine when Turkish people first settled it. The current residents are from the Daraghmah clan who have dwelt in the area for 50 years. They came from nearby Tubas, and as well as Hebron in search of grazing and water as they were farmers and bred animals. "Al-Malih" means "salty" and the village's name is derives from the nearby al-Malih spring in, which is salty water.
In 2002, a local development committee was appointed by the Local Authorities Minister of the Palestinian National Authority to govern Khirbet al-Malih composing of six members.
Geography and climate.
Khirbet al-Malih is situated at a moderate elevation of above sea level. It borders the Jordan River in the east, the hamlet of al-Farisiya and the Jordan Valley to the north, and Tayasir and Khirbet al-'Atuf to the south. 
The total area of Khirbet al-Malih village is roughly 19,000 dunams, which represents approximately 2.7% of the Tubas Governorate's land area. About 500 dunams are populated area, whilst 12,000 dunams are agricultural lands, 4,000 dunams are covered by forests and 3,500 dunams are areas confiscated by Israel.
It has a moderate climate; the mean annual rainfall is , the average annual temperature is 21-22 °C and the average annual humidity is 53%.
Demographics.
In the 1997 census by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), the total population of Khirbet al-Malih was 151 people, of which 77 were males and 74 females. The majority of the population (56.3%) are under the age of 20. There were 25 households resident in 27 housing units. According to the PCBS, Khirbet al-Malih had a population of 206 in mid-year 2006—an increase of 35.4% from 1997. The village is composed of four families: Darawsheh (60%), Zowahra (20%), Majedah (10%) and Bashareaat and Bani Audah (10%). There is no Palestinian refugee population in the village.
Economy.
The residents of Khirbet al-Malih are totally dependent on agricultural activities and 90% of the working inhabitants raise local animals and agricultural production is the main livelihood for them, forming the main source of income. Of the 6,160 dunams of land that is cultivated, 80% are field crops, while 20% are vegetables. Together with the hamlet of al-Farisiya, there are 485 heads of cattle, 430 goats, and 4,700 sheep. 
After the Second Intifada that began in 2000, few (10%) work in the Israeli labor market because fewer workers have been given permits to work inside Israel. In 2000, the average household income was 1,500 NIS, but in 2005 it was 500 NIS, a decrease of 65%. According to mayor Arif Daraghmeh, Khirbet al-Malih's residents are not permitted to build permanent structures by the Israel Civil Administration, since the village is located in Area C. Despite living there for generations, Daraghmeh states the village regularly receives demolition orders, compelling them to live in tents or mudbrick housing unconnected to the water grid, while the Israeli settlers of the nearby moshav, Shadmot Mehola, dwell in a fenced community, with two-story homes, street lamps and playgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="21372951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372951" title="HIV disease-related drug reaction">
HIV disease-related drug reaction

HIV disease-related drug reactions present in HIV-infected patients, especially those with helper T-cell counts between 25 and 200, immunosuppression that increases the risk for the development of adverse reactions to medications.

</doc>
<doc id="21372965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372965" title="Daniel da Silva (mathematician)">
Daniel da Silva (mathematician)

Daniel da Silva (16 May 1814 – 6 October 1878) was a Portuguese mathematician and marine officer. Born in Lisbon, he completed his first studies at the Portuguese Royal Naval Academy, and then proceeded his education in Mathematics at the University of Coimbra where he became a doctor.
The inclusion-exclusion principle is sometimes attributed to da Silva, which was included in an 1854 publication. However, the result is normally attributed to Abraham de Moivre.

</doc>
<doc id="21372984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21372984" title="Jordan Hill (basketball)">
Jordan Hill (basketball)

Jordan Craig Hill (born July 27, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who is currently a Free agent of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was drafted 8th overall in the 2009 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks. He played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats.
Early life and college.
Jordan Hill was born in Newberry, South Carolina. After Hill's mother died of breast cancer when Hill was three, Hill was raised by his father and grandmother and later older brother and older sister. His cousin, Trevor Booker, introduced him to basketball. Booker, who is four months younger than Hill, also became a player in the NBA. Hill attended North Springs High School in Atlanta, and the parents of a classmate became Hill's legal guardians. After graduating from North Springs in 2005, Hill spent a year at a prep school in Patterson, North Carolina, The Patterson School. As a junior in high school, Hill was ineligible to play on the school basketball team, so he showcased his skills to potential college coaches through an AAU club based in Smyrna, Georgia.
At the University of Arizona, Hill played three years with the Wildcats basketball team. He left ranked Arizona fifth all-time in field goal percentage (57.8%). As a junior (2008–2009), Hill started all 34 games and averaged 18.3 points and 11.0 rebounds. He earned Honorable Mention All-America from the Associated Press, Third-Team All-America honors from "The Sporting News", and first-team all-conference and All-Defensive Team honors both from the Pac-10 conference that year.
NBA Draft.
When Hill entered the 2009 NBA Draft, many had him high up on the draft board, possibly a top 5 pick in the draft. As draft night went on and Stephen Curry was taken by Golden State, it left New York to pick Jordan Hill.
NBA career.
Hill was drafted as the 8th overall pick in the 2009 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks. Hill earned about $4.3 million over the next two seasons.
Hill played five games in the 2009 NBA Summer League, where he averaged 14.4 ppg, 8.2 rebounds, 0.6 assists, 0.8 steals and 1.0 block. His highest score was 21 points against the Washington Wizards.
Hill scored his first regular season points for the Knicks against the Cleveland Cavaliers on November 6, 2009. 
On the trading deadline on February 18, 2010, Hill was traded along with Jared Jeffries to the Houston Rockets as part of a three-team deal that included Sacramento that saw the Rockets' Tracy McGrady go to the New York Knicks.
At the trade deadline again on March 15, 2012, Hill was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers for point guard Derek Fisher and a protected first-round draft pick from Dallas. Hill played in seven regular season games with the Lakers, averaging 4.7 points and 4.4 rebounds in 11.7 minutes. In 12 playoff games, he averaged 4.8 points and 6.3 rebounds in 18.1 minutes.
On July 25, 2012, Hill re-signed with the Lakers on a two-year $8 million contract. The Lakers struggled during the 2012–13 season, but he brought hustle that was lacking in the team. On January 6, 2013, against the Denver Nuggets, Hill suffered a major injury when the Nuggets' Andre Miller drove baseline on Lakers teammate Kobe Bryant, who inadvertently stepped on Hill's foot; however, Hill was also moving and pulled his hip. Surgery was required after doctors found loose fragments and a possible labral tear. In 29 games, he was averaging 6.7 points and 5.7 rebounds in 15.8 minutes per game. His rebounds-per-minute average was among the league's best, prompting teammate Kobe Bryant to lament Hill's absence after the Lakers were outrebounded during a game. Hill was cleared to play during the first round of the 2013 NBA Playoffs.
On November 12, 2013, in the ninth game of the 2013–14 season, Hill was a starter for the first time during the season and scored a career-high 21 points against the New Orleans Pelicans in a 116–95 Lakers' home win.

</doc>
<doc id="21373029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373029" title="Direct to garment printing">
Direct to garment printing

Direct to garment printing, also known as DTG printing, digital direct to garment printing, digital apparel printing, and inkjet to garment printing, is a process of printing on textiles and garments using specialized or modified inkjet technology. The two key requirements of a DTG printer are a transport mechanism for the garment and specialty inks (inkjet textile inks) that are applied to the textile directly and are absorbed by the fibers.
All direct to garment printers are descendants of the desktop inkjet printer, therefore many DTG printers, such as the Anajet Sprint, and the BelQuette Mod1 utilize some parts from preexisting printers. Some companies, such as DTG Digital, AnaJet, Oprintjet, Brother, MAPI Digital, Kornit and Mimaki have printers which utilize similar technology, but are manufactured without the exact parts from any other brand machine.
Some DTG printers have been built using lower-resolution industrial inkjet print heads like those found in large-format printers used to print signs and banners. While no direct to garment manufacturer currently possesses the technology to create their own print heads, some possess exclusive rights to certain heads, which are manufactured for them. Some inkjet technology manufacturers offer products designed for direct textile printing, providing heads, printers and inks. The resolution and speed of direct-to-garment inkjet printers have been increased greatly over the last 8 years (the direct to garment era is generally recognized as beginning in the last quarter of 2004 when Mimaki & U.S. Screen introduced their printers at the SGIA show in Minneapolis).
Direct to garment (DTG) printing is most commonly implemented on garments that are made of cotton or cotton blends, although recent developments in technology have allowed for superior performance on light colored polyester and cotton/poly blends. As of this writing digitally imaging directly to dark garments is not commercially viable, though a number of companies are working on developing this technology.
The majority of DTG printers are driven from a computer by the use of software known as a RIP (Raster Image Processor). The RIP software allows the printer to print with larger volumes of ink, generate white ink underbases for dark shirts and also provides for more precision color management through color profiles. More advanced RIP software allows for driving multiple printers from one computer, advanced job queuing, ink cost calculation as well as a real time preview of the file prior to printing.
DTG was seen as a viable solution for low-quantity orders previously not possible because of the expensive setup process of screen printers. This opened a new market of quantity-one consumer driven purchasing of digitally printed direct to garment goods and a surge of large online fulfillment operations to meet this growing demand.
These large fulfillment centers dominated the market until 2007 when 'design your own' online designer solutions entered the market and allowed smaller fulfillment centers to afford similar technology for their own websites.
With the continued growth of the industry, informative resources have become available. Forums, where users of direct to garment products can discuss help topics and get candid answers from industry experts and other users, are one example. Examples of trade show organizations that have welcomed the technology include, SGIA, ISS, and NBM .
Financial impact.
Direct to garment printers can cost from under $10,000 to nearly $300,000 depending on their print size, production capability, ability to print dark garments as well as make and model.
A primary advantage of DTG printing is the lack of set-up costs and instant turnaround time not associated with traditional garment printing methods such as screen printing. The comparative disadvantage of DTG is equipment maintenance and ink cost. Ink technology developments have significantly improved ink performance and lowered ink cost. Digital printing technologies are non-contact, meaning that media is printed on without hand contact, allowing for a more precise image. This prevents the image distortion that takes place in screen printing.

</doc>
<doc id="21373038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373038" title="Joseph Ryan">
Joseph Ryan

Joseph Ryan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21373079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373079" title="Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon">
Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon

Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon (Élisabeth Thérèse Alexandrine; 5 September 1705 – 15 April 1765) was a French princess of the blood and a daughter of "Monsieur le Duc". Her father was the grandson of the "Grand Condé" and her mother, "Madame la Duchesse" was the eldest surviving daughter of Louis XIV of France and his "Maîtresse-en-titre", Madame de Montespan.
Biography.
Élisabeth Alexandrine was born in Paris in 1705, she was one of nine children and her parents' youngest daughter. Named in honour of her older sister Louise Élisabeth and her uncle Louis "Alexandre" de Bourbon (Count of Toulouse), she was known by her second name of Alexandrine. 
From birth, she was known at court as "Mademoiselle de Gex" but would later take on the courtesy title of "Mademoiselle de Sens". She was known as Mlle de Sens most of her life. As a "princesse du sang", Alexandrine was addressed with the style of "Her Serene Highness".
Like most of her sisters, she would never marry. She was considered as a possible bride for her older cousin, Louis d'Orléans, but her aunt, the proud Duchess of Orléans, wanted a more prestigious bride for her son. Élisabeth Alexandrine was never to play a very prominent political role. She was, however, a great friend of the king's mistress, the famous Madame de Pompadour, who had been introduced at court by Alexandrine's older sister and namesake, Louise Élisabeth.
Like her older sister, Louise Anne, she owned much land and many private residences outside of the capital. In 1734, she bought the "Hôtel de Noirmoutier" on the rue de Grenelles in Paris. She also bought much land surrounding the hôtel and considerably enlarged the property. In 1744, she bought the estates and lordships of Villegénis and Igny. She remodelled the château de Villegénis in 1755.. The cost of the remodelling was 430,000 livres. To raise that sum, she sold the estate and seigneurie of Vallery, the traditional burial place of the Condé family, to M. and Mme. de Launay, for 280,000 livres. François Desportes, painter of the king's hunts, supplied large canvases for the "appartements".
By the time of her death, she had accumulated a large fortune from the old pensions originally assigned to her cousin, Mademoiselle du Maine (1707–1743), the daughter of Louis Auguste, Duke of Maine and his wife, the famous salon hostess Louise Bénédicte de Bourbon. Élisabeth Alexandrine died in Paris. Her nephew, Louis Joseph de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, was her heir. She was buried at the Carmelite Convent of the "Faubourg Saint-Jacques" in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21373093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373093" title="Gare du Creusot TGV">
Gare du Creusot TGV

The Gare du Creusot TGV is a railway station on the LGV Sud-Est providing TGV high-speed train services to the town of Le Creusot, France. Opened 27 September 1981, the station is located outside the city in the town of Écuisses and is accessible by road.
The station is arranged with two side tracks for stopping trains, and two centre tracks for non-stopping trains to pass at full speed.
The next northbound station on LGV Sud-Est is Paris-Gare de Lyon, the next southbound station is Gare de Mâcon-Loché TGV.
TGV journey times from the station to Paris: 1 hour 20 minutes, Lyon 40 minutes.
55km north of the station is the highest point on the line at 489m above sealevel, near the town of Liernais. This is near the range dividing the Seine and Loire river valleys, and not far from the Rhone river valley.

</doc>
<doc id="21373118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373118" title="Samadagha Shikhlarov">
Samadagha Shikhlarov

Samadagha Shikhlarov (; born 5 September 1955) is a former Azerbaijani footballer, who played as forward for Neftchi Baku PFC, Khazar, OIK Kiev, Chiraqqala Siyazan. 
Shikhlarov was well known for his heading ability, remembered for his two goals against Spartak Moscow in 1982. He played for the Neftchi Baku up to 152 times, by scoring 21 goals in Soviet Top League and twice for the Soviet Union national football team. He was appointed as Neftchi's scout in March 2009. However, moved to Olimpik-Shuvalan PFC Baku after Nazim Suleymanov's arrival to the club.

</doc>
<doc id="21373133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373133" title="Candidates of the Tasmanian state election, 2006">
Candidates of the Tasmanian state election, 2006

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 2006 Tasmanian state election. The election was held on 18 March 2006.
House of Assembly.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one MHA are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are indicated by an asterisk (*).
Bass.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Australian Greens were defending one seat.
Braddon.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats.
Denison.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. The Australian Greens were defending one seat.
Franklin.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. The Australian Greens were defending one seat.
Lyons.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. The Australian Greens were defending one seat.

</doc>
<doc id="21373135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373135" title="Villa Academy">
Villa Academy

Villa Academy is a Catholic independent grade school located in the Laurelhurst neighborhood of Seattle, Washington on a tract of land near Lake Washington. The school has a preschool, Lower School and Middle School and was founded by America's first Catholic saint, Mother Cabrini who was canonized as St. Frances Xavier Cabrini in 1946.
The campus includes orchards, gardens, three age appropriate playgrounds, an athletic field and a tennis court. The building also has a dedicated art studio and music space, science laboratories, a performance theater, full size gymnasium, Lower School Computer lab and historic chapel.
In 2007-2008, Villa enrolled approximately 400 students, approximately half of whom are Catholic.
History.
Villa Academy traces its roots to 1903, when the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart founded their first orphanage and school in Seattle on Beacon Hill. In 1914, Mother Cabrini (now St. Frances Xavier Cabrini) moved her mission to the Laurelhurst campus in Seattle, its current location. Villa’s two main buildings were designed by famed Seattle architect, John Graham, Sr. in 1924 and a gymnasium was added in the late 1950s.
The school originally included an orphanage run by the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart until 1950. In 1951, the orphanage closed and the Sisters focused their efforts on an elementary school known as Sacred Heart Villa. In 1977, it became an independent private school and Seattle’s only Catholic independent preschool through eighth-grade school.
Villa Academy’s Chapel was constructed in the mid-1920s and underwent extensive restoration in 1991. Today, the chapel is rented for weddings and used by students.
Student life.
Villa Academy emphasizes academics and community service with small class sizes and an involved parent community. The goal of its “whole child” philosophy is to help young people realize their full academic, social and emotional potential.
The preschool has a separate playground and learning spaces but preschoolers often visit the Lower School, gym, theater, and library. Each preschool class is paired with a lower or middle school class for the school’s buddy program.
The emphasis of the Lower School, or grades Kindergarten through fifth grade, is on building a strong foundation in reading, writing and math skills, as well as discovering the arts, sciences, and international language. Core curricular subjects include mathematics, reading, writing, religion, social studies, and science. In addition, students attend classes taught by specialists in art, music, physical education, technology, library, and French.
The Middle School comprises grades six through eight. Core curricular classes in the humanities (literature, language arts, social studies, religion), mathematics, science, and international languages (Spanish or French) are complemented by art, music, drama, and physical education. To support the learning process, students work with their own laptop computers. Their family can either buy a laptop for Villa Academy or they can buy one from their local Apple store. Middle school students head the student council and transition into the high school model of different teachers for different subjects.
Before and after school care is available for students in Kindergarten through Eighth Grade. Special interest clubs include chess, math, writing and others such as knitting. Performing arts include band, string ensemble, drama and choir.
The school also offers summer programs called Villa Ventures for children ages four to 12. There are more than 50 full- and half-day programs n visual and performing arts, sports, science and technology, academic enrichment and special interest topics such as chess and cooking.
Athletics.
Villa Academy participates in the Archdiocese of Seattle, Catholic Youth Organization (CYO) athletic program. Interscholastic sports include cross-country, basketball, volleyball, soccer, and track and field for both boys and girls.

</doc>
<doc id="21373150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373150" title="Mighty Mouse in the Great Space Chase">
Mighty Mouse in the Great Space Chase

The serialized Mighty Mouse story "The Great Space Chase" from "The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle and Jeckle" Saturday morning series made it into a 1982 movie by Filmation.
The film got a big-screen release, a re-release as a kids' matinee film, and was released on VHS.
Story.
Mighty Mouse must save the galaxy from the evil cat Harry the Heartless and rescue Queen Pureheart in this animated children's adventure.
History.
"Star Wars" mania was strong in 1982 with "The Empire Strikes Back" and the upcoming "Return of the Jedi". Filmation wanted to cash in, so they took the serialized Mighty Mouse story "The Great Space Chase" from The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle and Jeckle Saturday morning series and made it into a movie.
With the tagline The Cartoon Superhero In His First Feature Film, the film was not the hit Filmation wanted, and the film was re-released as a kids' matinee film. The film, released twice on VHS, is out of print. The movie poster for the film is rare, and is sought after as a collectible. CBS Home Entertainment via Paramount has not yet released "Mighty Mouse in the Great Space Chase" on DVD or Blu-ray.

</doc>
<doc id="21373151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373151" title="Susan Bucher">
Susan Bucher

Susan Bucher was a West Palm Beach, Florida and Democratic politician who served as the representative for District 88 of the Florida House of Representatives. She was first elected to the Florida House in 2000 and was term limited out in 2008. She ran successfully for Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections in 2008 and has been re-elected subsequently.
Representative Bucher was born in Escondido, California on October 27, 1958. She moved to Florida in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21373152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373152" title="Thomas Herzog">
Thomas Herzog

Thomas Herzog (born 1941) is a German architect from Munich known for his focus on climate and energy use through the use of technologically advanced architectural skins. He began with an interest in pneumatics and became Germany's youngest architecture professor at the age of 32. He established his firm Herzog + Partner in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="21373165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373165" title="Chemotherapy-induced hyperpigmentation">
Chemotherapy-induced hyperpigmentation

Chemotherapy-induced hyperpigmentation is caused by many chemotherapeutic agents (especially the antibiotics bleomycin, and daunorubicin) and the alkylating agents (cyclophosphamide and busulfan).

</doc>
<doc id="21373193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373193" title="Exudative hyponychial dermatitis">
Exudative hyponychial dermatitis

Exudative hyponychial dermatitis is a nail toxicity common during chemotherapy for breast cancer, especially if docetaxel is the chemotherapeutic regimen.

</doc>
<doc id="21373229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373229" title="Scleroderma-like reaction to taxanes">
Scleroderma-like reaction to taxanes

Scleroderma-like reaction to taxanes may occur in patients treated with docetaxel or paclitaxel, characterized by an acute, diffuse, infiltrated edema of the extremities and head.

</doc>
<doc id="21373252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373252" title="Foris Vineyards Winery">
Foris Vineyards Winery

Foris Vineyards Winery is an American winery located near Cave Junction, Oregon in the Illinois Valley region of the Rogue Valley AVA of Southern Oregon. As one of Oregon's pioneering grape growers, Ted Gerber planted his first vineyard in 1974. For 15 years, Gerber provided quality fruit to other winemakers, until 1986 when the winery was founded by Ted and Meri Gerber and the Foris label was launched.
In 2000, Ted and Meri Gerber received the Oregon Winery Association's Founders Award for their contribution to the industry. The award recognizes members whose pioneering efforts and longstanding accomplishments help to create the image of the Oregon wine industry while nurturing fellow embers to grow and flourish. Over the years, the Gerber's have been partners in many projects conducted by Oregon State University and United States Department of Agriculture.
Foris is one of Oregon's most consistent producers specializing in Pinot Noir, and Alsace varietal white wines- Pinot Gris, Pinot Blanc, Gewurztraminer, Riesling, and Muscat. The cool mountainous valley which is home to Foris contributes to crafting elegant Pinot Noir with subtle and deep flavors as well as steely, bracing white wines, reminiscent of Alsace. Gerber was among the first to recognize that the Dijon clones of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir offered considerable opportunity for blending and complexity. His Dijon clone propagation program supplied several top California wineries with grafted wood.
History.
While Foris turns out a variety of quality wines and has been known for years for producing excellent Gewurztraminer, Chardonnay, Pinot Noir, Pinot Blanc, and other cool climate varietals, Ted Gerber's journey is a textbook case in "do what you love and the rest will follow". His path started more than 40 years ago when he visited Oregon's Illinois Valley where he fell in love with the wilderness, the community and the peace. He had a dream. Armed with meteorological data going back 30 years, Gerber and his late wife, Meri, purchased their first 15 acres near the old, abandoned mining town of Holland in the hills above Cave Junction in 1971. At the time, the Gerber's were as much pioneers down south as the Letts, Eraths, Adelsheims, and Ponzi's were up north. Gerber recognized that he had purchased a vineyard site that had an ideal soil type and climate for Alsatian and Burgundy grape varieties. By 1974, the Gerber's planted their first vineyard and eventually the winery. It took nine years of selling grapes to other Oregon wineries before Gerber decided to segue from Foris Vineyards into Foris Winery, recognizing he had developed vineyards with intensely flavored berries. He knew which varieties did well and he knew he could produce good wine.
In 1990, he hired Sarah Powell a French-trained winemaker who focused on low yields and quality fruit. Foris began producing award-winning Pinot Noir and launched marketing their wines to states outside of Oregon. Powell's success was particularly noted when Foris 1994 Maple Ranch Pinot Noir was served at a White House dinner in 1997. Powell left Foris in 2001 to pursue a consulting career.
Eventually Gerber invited Bryan Wilson to join Foris and he became winemaker in 2007, bringing a new vibrancy to Foris wines. Wilson's working background included winemaking at Stags Leap Wine Cellars in Napa,Benziger Family Winery in Sonoma and Sylvan Ridge near Eugene Oregon.
Foris is known for their Gewürztraminer, Chardonnay, Pinot noir and Merlot and had its 2006 Pinot Blanc voted "Best of Show" at the World of Wine Festival near Gold Hill, Oregon. They also produce Foris Cave Bear Red, the sale of which is used to support the Oregon Caves Chateau renovation.
Vineyards.
All estate vineyards are within three miles of each other and the winery. These include:
Gerber Vineyard-204 acres,47 acres planted to grapes
Maple Ranch Vineyard-112 acres, 43 acres planted to grapes
Cedar Ranch Vineyard-74 acres, 47 planted to grapes
Holland Vineyard-12 acres, 8 acres planted to grapes
What Foris shares in common with Alsace.
Alsace is a French grape growing region on the German border outside Strasbourg. The grapes are mostly whites-Riesling, Gewurztraminer, Pinot Blanc, and Pinot Gris. The wines all tend to share roundness, unctuousness, and power emanation from the warm days and a crisp acidity locked in by the cold nights of the growing region. This diurnal shift between temperature highs and lows is what makes the wines of Alsace important and is what Foris Vineyards in the Illinois Valley share in common.
An easy way to experience this phenomenon is to compare a Pinot Gris from Alsace or Oregon with a Pinot Grigio(same grape, Italian name) from Italy. Tough there are exceptions, most Italian Pinot Grigio is grown in areas characterized by warm days and mild nights. Without the cold nights the acidity in the grapes gradually diminishes and one is left with a fairly light, soft textured wine. While pleasant, they do not share the exuberance of an Alsatian or Oregon wine made from the same grape. The bright acidity found in Oregon Pinot Gris emphasizes the fruit, brings it into focus, and carries it along throughout the finish.
In Oregon, few areas replicate the growing conditions in Alsace as well as the Illinois Valley does, the home of Foris estate vineyards. Unlike the rain prone Willamette Valley, the Illinois generally experiences a warm and very dry summer with surprisingly cold nights throughout the growing season. Coupled with low fertility sites, low yields and careful farming the winery is almost assured of crisp exuberant fruit.
Wines.
in 2013, Foris produced 45,000 cases of wine and ranked #13 for Top Oregon Wineries by Total Production. Approximately 22,500 cases in 2013 were produced for the Foris label, positioning Foris #20 for Top Oregon Wineries by Brand/Label. Varietals featured under the Foris label are estate grown Pinot Noir, Pinot Gris, Pinot Blanc, Gewurztraminer, Riesling, and Moscato as well as their multi award-winning, single vineyard Maple Ranch Pinot Noir.THe wines are distributed in 38 states, the District of Columbia, and Japan. Foris also produces Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, and Merlot as well as the famous "Fly Over Red"- a blend of Bordeaux varietals with the fruit sourced from several vineyards in the Rogue Valley.
Ownership.
Founded by Ted and Meri Gerber, Foris Winery and Vineyards is family-owned and family managed. A graduate of California State Hayward in 1969, Ted studied political science and public administration. During his college years, he also developed a passion for making homemade wine. in 1971, Ted and Meri purchased hillside acreage in Southern Oregon's remote Illinois Valley with the specific intention of growing grapes. Starting from scratch, they built a house, bought the land that is now Gerber Vineyards, and begun planting grapes.
For a number of years they provided fruit to various vintners in Southern Oregon, and in 1986 started producing their own wines under the Foris label. Meri passed away in 2000 after a lengthy battle with breast cancer. In 2003 Ted married his present wife Teri, a health professional with thirty years of medical experience and an avid interest in photography and landscape painting. As co-owner, Teri is responsible for keeping the vineyards' books, employee safety, and helping out with the administrative needs of the winery.
Alicia Gerber, Ted's daughter, came of age in the family vineyard. She studied early childhood development in college and went out into the workd on her own for a number of years. During her mother's illness, however, she returned home to help out and never looked back. She loves gardening and all things that grow so working alongside her father proved a natural fit. Over time, Alicia assumed a variety of important roles at the winery, and at present her responsibilities include, working in the business office, ht tasting room, and managing the gardens and grounds with Teri. Alicia, her so Skylar, and daughter Ava live on Maple Ranch in the foothills of the Siskiyou Mountains, a few short minutes east of Gerber Vineyards.
Teri's daughter, Heidi and daughter Alex are also part of the Gerber family. They make their home at Cedar Ranch Vineyards, not too far from Maple Ranch. Heidi is learning the wine business from the ground up, devoting the majority of her time working in the Foris business office, managing the wine club, and assisting winemaker Bryan Wilson during harvest.
Foris was founded by Ted and Meri Gerber, who fell in love with the Illinois Valley when visiting friends there in 1969. In 1971, they began studying Oregon's climate over the past 30 years and decided that the weather and soil in Oregon could grow quality grapes. They purchased near the former gold mining town of Holland and added more in 1975 in what is now the site of Gerber Ranch and Foris Winery. The early years saw failed crops and the wrong grapes planted in the wrong areas. Changes in the wine market also forced various adjustments over the years. By 2006, Foris' crops had proved that the Illinois Valley is a viable place to grow grapes.
In 2007, Foris Winery produced 48,000 cases of wine, making it the 14th-largest bonded winery in Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="21373257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373257" title="Atsushi Okamoto">
Atsushi Okamoto


</doc>
<doc id="21373283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373283" title="2009 British Formula Three season">
2009 British Formula Three season

The 2009 British Formula Three season (for sponsorship reasons, the Cooper Tires British Formula Three International Series) was the 59th British Formula Three Championship season. It began on 13 April at Oulton Park's Easter Monday meeting and ended on 20 September at Brands Hatch after 20 rounds in four different countries. Australian driver Daniel Ricciardo won the title with two races to spare, at the penultimate round at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve in Portimão. Daniel McKenzie sealed the National Class title during the same race.
Calendar.
The calendar for 2009 saw the total number of races drop from 22 to 20. Three overseas events remain, with the 24 Hours of Spa-supporting event the only one to remain from 2008. However, the Monza 1000km-supporting races and the FIA GT-support event in Bucharest were dropped to be replaced by the series' first visit to Germany and to Hockenheim, and also a visit to the brand-new Autódromo Internacional do Algarve in Portugal. Thruxton and Croft have also been dropped to be replaced with a second meeting at Silverstone. Donington's meeting was originally scheduled for 26 April, however due to ongoing issues with the circuit's track licence, the meeting was rescheduled for 19 July.

</doc>
<doc id="21373328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373328" title="I Got a Crush... on Obama">
I Got a Crush... on Obama

"I Got a Crush... on Obama" is an Internet viral video, first posted on YouTube in June 2007 featuring a young woman seductively singing of her love for then-U.S. Senator (later President) Barack Obama.
Background.
The video was produced by BarelyPolitical.com, was lip-synched for the video by actress and model Amber Lee Ettinger, and Leah Kauffman (of "My Box in a Box" fame) provided the vocals.
The concept was the brainchild of 32-year-old advertising executive Ben Relles. "I Got A Crush...On Obama" was co-written and produced by Rick Friedrich. The creators sold two shirts and the red shorts used in the video in an eBay auction. One of the shirts garnered $1,000. Proceeds from the auction were donated to the Philadelphia Committee to End Homelessness. On May 25, 2007 Ben Relles placed an ad on the online classified website, Craigslist, seeking a music video director. The ad was answered by filmmakers Kevin Arbouet and Larry Strong. Filming began later that same day in and around various New York City landmarks. Arbouet and Strong co-directed and shot the entire video in about six hours. The whole film project took approximately two to three weeks.
On June 13, 2007 the video was posted to the video sharing website YouTube and garnered over one thousand views within the first five hours of its posting. By the second day the American news media had taken notice of the video's growing popularity. Relles, Ettinger and Kauffman appeared on many television news programs. The video was nominated in the Politics category in the 2007 YouTube Awards.
Obama's response.
When asked about the video by the "Des Moines Register" on June 18, 2007, Obama said, "It's just one more example of the fertile imagination of the Internet. More stuff like this will be popping up all the time." Obama told the Associated Press that the Obama Girl video had upset his daughters and said, "You do wish people would think about what impact their actions have on kids and families."
Obama's campaign stated they had nothing to do with the video's creation. Kauffman and Ettinger confirmed this during their June 15, 2007 appearance on "Fox & Friends", where they said that the video was not made to support Barack Obama in his campaign but rather for fun. They also expressed interest in making more videos of the same genre for other candidates of other parties as well.

</doc>
<doc id="21373334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373334" title="Adverse reaction to biologic agents">
Adverse reaction to biologic agents

Adverse reactions to biologic agents, such as imatinib, occur in more than 80% of patients, and can be characterized by edema and pruritus without dermatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="21373338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373338" title="I Guess I Was Hoping For Something More">
I Guess I Was Hoping For Something More

I Guess I Was Hoping for Something More is an album by Montana band Tarkio, released under the Barcelona Records label. Every track on the album was re-released by Kill Rock Stars as a part of the 2006 Tarkio collection Omnibus.
The title of the album is part of a lyric from the track "Kickaround".

</doc>
<doc id="21373372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373372" title="Alexander Strider">
Alexander Strider

The Alexander Strider was a single-decker bus body produced in Scotland by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders between 1993 and 1997. The body was available on Dennis Lance, Volvo B10B, Volvo B10M, Scania N113 and Scania L113 chassis.

</doc>
<doc id="21373381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373381" title="Epstein–Barr virus infection">
Epstein–Barr virus infection

There are several forms of Epstein–Barr virus infection. Infectious mononucleosis, nasopharyngeal carcinoma, and Burkitt's lymphoma can all be caused by the Epstein–Barr virus.
Pathology.
Infectious mononucleosis.
Epstein–Barr can cause infectious mononucleosis, also known as 'glandular fever', 'Mono' and 'Pfeiffer's disease'. Infectious mononucleosis is caused when a person is first exposed to the virus during or after adolescence. Though once deemed "The Kissing Disease," recent research has shown that transmission of EBV not only occurs from exchanging saliva, but also from contact with the airborne virus. It is predominantly found in the developing world, and most children in the developing world are found to have already been infected by around 18 months of age. Infection of children can occur when adults mouth feed or pre-chew food before giving it to the child. EBV antibody tests turn up almost universally positive. In the United States roughly half of five-year-olds have been infected.
EBV-associated malignancies.
The strongest evidence linking EBV and cancer formation is found in Burkitt's lymphoma and nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Additionally, it has been postulated to be a trigger for a subset of chronic fatigue syndrome patients as well as multiple sclerosis and other autoimmune diseases.
Burkitt's lymphoma is a type of Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and is most common in equatorial Africa and is co-existent with the presence of malaria. Malaria infection causes reduced immune surveillance of B cells immortalized by EBV, resulting in an excessive number of B cells and an increased likelihood of an unchecked mutation. Repeated mutations can lead to loss of cell-cycle control, causing excessive proliferation observed as Burkitt's lymphoma. Burkitt's lymphoma commonly affects the jaw bone, forming a huge tumor mass. It responds quickly to chemotherapy treatment, namely cyclophosphamide, but recurrence is common.
Other B cell lymphomas arise in immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or who have undergone organ transplantation with associated immunosuppression (Post-Transplant Lymphoproliferative Disorder (PTLPD)). Smooth muscle tumors are also associated with the virus in malignant patients.
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma is a cancer found in the upper respiratory tract, most commonly in the nasopharynx, and is linked to the EBV virus. It is found predominantly in Southern China and Africa, due to both genetic and environmental factors. It is much more common in people of Chinese ancestry (genetic), but is also linked to the Chinese diet of a high amount of smoked fish, which contain nitrosamines, well known carcinogens (environmental).
Clinical symptoms.
Symptoms of infectious mononucleosis are fever, sore throat, and swollen lymph glands. Sometimes, a swollen spleen or liver involvement may develop. Heart problems or involvement of the central nervous system occurs only rarely, and infectious mononucleosis is almost never fatal. There are no known associations between active EBV infection and problems during pregnancy, such as miscarriages or birth defects. Although the symptoms of infectious mononucleosis usually resolve in 1 or 2 months, EBV remains dormant or latent in a few cells in the throat and blood for the rest of the person's life. Periodically, the virus can reactivate and is commonly found in the saliva of infected persons. Reactivated and post-latent virus may pass the placental barrier in (also seropositive) pregnant women via macrophages and therefore can infect the fetus. Also re-infection of prior seropositive individuals may occur. In contrast, reactivation in adults usually occurs without symptoms of illness.
EBV also establishes a lifelong dormant infection in some cells of the body's immune system. A late event in a very few carriers of this virus is the emergence of Burkitt's lymphoma and nasopharyngeal carcinoma, two rare cancers. EBV appears to play an important role in these malignancies, but is probably not the sole cause of disease.
Most individuals exposed to people with infectious mononucleosis have previously been infected with EBV and are not at risk for infectious mononucleosis. In addition, transmission of EBV requires intimate contact with the saliva (found in the mouth) of an infected person. Transmission of this virus through the air or blood does not normally occur. The incubation period, or the time from infection to appearance of symptoms, ranges from 4 to 6 weeks. Persons with infectious mononucleosis may be able to spread the infection to others for a period of weeks. However, no special precautions or isolation procedures are recommended, since the virus is also found frequently in the saliva of healthy people. In fact, many healthy people can carry and spread the virus intermittently for life. These people are usually the primary reservoir for person-to-person transmission. For this reason, transmission of the virus is almost impossible to prevent.
The clinical diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis is suggested on the basis of the symptoms of fever, sore throat, swollen lymph glands, and the age of the patient. Usually, laboratory tests are needed for confirmation. Serologic results for persons with infectious mononucleosis include an elevated white blood cell count, an increased percentage of certain atypical white blood cells, and a positive reaction to a "mono spot" test.
Treatment.
There is no specific treatment for infectious mononucleosis, other than treating the symptoms. No antiviral drugs or vaccines are available. Some physicians have prescribed a 5-day course of steroids to control the swelling of the throat and tonsils. The use of steroids has also been reported to decrease the overall length and severity of illness, but these reports have not been published. 
It is important to note that symptoms related to infectious mononucleosis caused by EBV infection seldom last for more than 4 months. When such an illness lasts more than 6 months, it is frequently called chronic EBV infection. However, valid laboratory evidence for continued active EBV infection is seldom found in these patients. The illness should be investigated further to determine if it meets the criteria for chronic fatigue syndrome, or CFS. This process includes ruling out other causes of chronic illness or fatigue.

</doc>
<doc id="21373406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373406" title="World of Warcraft (comics)">
World of Warcraft (comics)

World of Warcraft is a comic book series set in the Warcraft universe and released monthly in a standard western comic format.
Publication history.
At the time of its conception, the ongoing comic was set for two story arcs, both six issues each. Both were set concurrent with the events of . Later, it was expanded to last 25 issues.
"World of Warcraft: Ashbringer" is a four-issue mini-series that ran from late 2008 to early 2009. It was written by Micky Neilson, with pencils by Ludo Lullabi and inks by Tony Washington.
On December 16, 2009, WildStorm stated that the publication of the World of Warcraft comic series had been changed from monthly issues to original graphic novels to be released in 2010. The World of Warcraft Special, "World of Warcraft: Beginnings and Ends", would be the last issue released and both the original comic (planned to be renamed to "Alliance" from issue 26) and the future "Horde" title had been canceled.
Issue list.
World of Warcraft.
Volume 1
Volume 2
Volume 3
Volume 4
Ashbringer.
"World of Warcraft: Ashbringer" recounts the story of the Ashbringer and Alexandros Mograine.
Beginnings and Ends.
"World of Warcraft: Beginnings and Ends" is a one-shot special issue that introduced new Alliance and Horde characters that had not been seen in the ongoing series.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="21373502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373502" title="Vincenty">
Vincenty

Vincenty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21373510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373510" title="Big Brother (Denmark)">
Big Brother (Denmark)

Big Brother Denmark is a television reality game show based on an originally Dutch TV series of the same name created by producer John de Mol in 1997. The show follows a number of contestants, known as housemates, who are isolated from the outside world for an extended period of time in a custom built House. Each week, one of the housemates is evicted by a public vote, with the last housemate remaining winning a cash prize.
The show aired on TV Danmark between 28 January 2001 and 1 April 2004 who aired a 3 regular series, one celebrity (VIP) series and an "All-star" series before axing the show in 2004. 
Since 30 January 2012 Kanal 5 have relaunched Big Brother airing its fourth series in 2012, fifth series in 2013 and the sixth and most recent series of Big Brother in 2014. 
Big Brother 1.
Start Date: 28 January 2001
End Date: 10 May 2001
Duration: 103 days
The Finalists: 2 - Jill* (The Winner) & Nico* (Runner-up)
The Grand Prize: 500,000 DKK
Evicted Housemates: 8 - Anja, Anna, Chris, Eddie, Eva, John, Naja* & Suzanne*
Voluntary Exits: 3(7*) - Christian, Pil & Søren
Ejected Housemates: 0 -
Notes: * - Jill, Naja, Nico & Suzanne voluntarily left the House and later re-entered
On day 77, all the remaining housemates left the house. Two hours letter only four returned with agreement to get weekly visits by families and friends.
Housemates Nominated for 2 Points (top of box) and 1 Point (bottom of box).
<br>Notes:
<br> John was exempt from the Nomination Process as he entered late on Day 4.
<br> As a new Housemate, Eddie was exempt from the Nomination Process this Week.
<br> On Day 58, the Housemates had to evict one of the new Housemates, either Anna or Naja.
<br> After winning a task Naja won the right to distribute 5 points, instead of the usual 3, this Week. She could do this any way she liked, and chose to give one point each to Eddie, Jill, Nico, Søren and Suzanne.
<br> All Housemates voluntarily left the House on Day 77 and only Jill, Naja, Nico and Suzanne angrred to re-enter the House following talks with the producers on Day 78. The Nominations are voided and the Eviction is cancelled as only 4 Housemates now remain in the House: Jill, Naja, Nico & Suzanne. 
<br> From now on all Housemates automatically face the Public Vote to evict, except for the final two who will face a vote to win.
Big Brother 2.
Start Date: 25 August 2001<br>
End Date: 6 December 2001
Duration: 104 days
The Prize: 1,000,000 DKK
The Finalists: 3 - Carsten (The Winner), Sverre (Runner-up) & Sheila (3rd)
Evicted Housemates: 9 - Aida, Dina, Ghazal, June, Martin, Randi, René, Søren & Tina
Voluntary Exits: 2 - Cosmo & Mik
Housemates Nominate for 2 Points (top of box) and 1 Point (bottom of box).
<br>Notes:
<br> The Housemates had to evict a male and a female. Each female voted to evict a male and each male voted to evict a female. The males are denoted by the blue boxes by their name, and the girls by the pink boxes.
<br> On Day 34 Aida re-entered the House after a Public Vote, and was joined by Martin, a new Housemate.
<br> Martin was allowed to Nominate for 5 Points this Week, and distributed them as follows: Aida (3 points) and Cosmo (2 points).
<br> This Week the Public Nominated, and Aida and Martin received the most votes, and the surviving Housemates voted to Evict one of them. Ghazal, as a new Housemate, was Exempt from this Vote, but could vote and voted to Evict Martin.
<br> Randi was originally Nominated, but won immunity and hence Ghazal took her place. Martin was Evicted with just 71 more votes than Ghazal - the closest vote in Big Brother history.
<br> All Housemates faced the Public Vote to Evict this Week to decide the three finalists.
<br> The final three Housemates all faced the Public Vote to win.
Big Brother V.I.P..
Start Date: 16 February 2003
End Date: 2 March 2003
Duration: 15 days
The Prize: 500,000 DKK
No live coverage: Shown weekly over 12 weeks, starting 7 March. The final was shown on 22 May 2003.
House: The Big Brother Norway house was used
The Finalists: 3 - Thomas (The Winner), Pil (Runner-up) & Michael (3rd)
Evicted Housemates: 9 - Bashy, Brigitte, Carl-Mar, Gigi, Helena, Kira, Lise-Lotte, Masja & Morten
Ejected Housemates: 1 - Moses
Big Brother 3.
Start Date: 21 September 2003
End Date: 27 November 2003
Duration: 68 days
The Grand Prize: 1,000,000 DKK
The Finalists: 4 - Johnni (The Winner), Tania (Runner-up), Henrik (3rd) & Raz (4th)
Evicted Houseamtes: 7 - Cutter, Jesper, June, Kathrine, Makiah, Robert & Sissal
Voluntary Exits: 4 - Clara, Gry, Lotte & Martin
Ejected Housemates: 1 - Michael
Housemates Nominate for 2 Points (top of box) and 1 Point (bottom of box).
<br>Notes:
<br> Kathrine, as a new Housemates, is Exempt from Nomination this Week; she can Nominate but not be Nominated. Robert automatically faces the Public Vote this Week for rule-breaking. The Eviction was Cancelled after a spate of recent Walk-outs and Ejections.
<br> Henrik and June are Exempt from the Nominations Process as new Housemates.
<br> Jesper, as a New Housemates, is Exempt from the Nomination Process.
<br> Robert was immune from Nomination this Week after winning a challenge.
<br> Robert was awarded an extra Nomination Point this Week for blocking cameras.
Big Brother Reality Allstars.
Start Date: 1 March 2004
End Date: 1 April 2004
Duration: 32 days
The Winner: Jill Liv Nielsen
The Grand Prize: 250,000 DKK
Season 4 "Big Brother 2012".
Sixteen persons will enter the Big Brother house in first half of 2012. The season will durate for 100 days and the winner wins 500,000 DKK prize.

</doc>
<doc id="21373513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373513" title="Battle of Chiatung">
Battle of Chiatung

The Battle of Chiatung (11 October 1895) was an important engagement fought during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan (1895). The battle was a Japanese victory.
The battle.
The battle took place during the final phase of the campaign, in which the Japanese advanced on Tainan with three separated columns. Lieutenant-General Nogi's southern column, consisting of 6,330 soldiers, 1,600 military coolies and 2,500 horses, landed at Fangliao (枋寮) on 10 October 1895. The column engaged a force of Formosan militiamen at Ka-tong-ka (茄苳腳), modern Chiatung (佳冬), on 11 October. The battle was a Japanese victory, but the Japanese suffered their heaviest combat casualties of the campaign in the engagement—16 men killed and 61 wounded. Three officers were among the casualties.
The following description of the battle was given by Davidson:
Two companies of infantry were also sent along the beach road, but finding none of the enemy in that direction they marched towards Ka-tong-ka. On arriving near the village the next morning, they found it surrounded by a low stone wall loop-holed for rifle fire. Several cannon made the place quite a formidable stronghold, and, after the Japanese had surrounded the village, the stubborn resistance made by the Chinese showed that the latter intended to take full advantage of their position. A body of water, which nearly surrounded the village, greatly hindered the Japanese in attacking at close range, and the enemy were so well protected that it was only a waste of ammunition to fire from a distance. The Japanese made several futile charges with considerable loss of life before a battalion commander and one company succeeded in gaining an entrance through one of the gates, though not without loss, and set fire to some of the houses. A strong wind blowing in the right direction carried the flames quickly toward the Chinese, who were making a stout defence. Only one chance was now open to them—to come out into the open field and face the Japanese—but this they did not care to do. With the crackling of the bamboo, the falling of houses, the awful roaring of the fire as it swept nearer and nearer to the horror stricken braves, who were now joined by others driven out of the houses in which they had sought shelter, the scene became one of intense excitement. The cries of the Chinese could be heard above the uproar, and the poor wretches crouched closer and closer to the stone wall, taking advantage of pits or trees and bushes already smouldering, to protect themselves from the stifling heat of the conflagration. At last they could bear it no longer, and with a yell of terror they threw themselves over the wall and made a mad rush for the scrub and jungle to the north. Many fell by the way, but the majority made good their escape.
This affair was a serious one for the Japanese, who lost 77 men (16 killed and 61 wounded) including three officers—by far the greatest loss yet sustained by them in Formosa. Seventy bodies of Chinese were found, and probably a few others were consumed by the flames. Twelve cannon, several rifles and some ammunition fell into the hands of the Japanese. The Chinese taking part in this engagement were not Black Flags, but were composed wholly of native levies.

</doc>
<doc id="21373548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373548" title="Lophodermium">
Lophodermium

Lophodermium is a genus of fungi within the family Rhytismataceae. The genus contains 145 species and has a global distribution. Species of this genus are usually observed producing zone lines, conidiomata and ascomata on dead fallen leaves, but at least some are known to colonize living leaves. In many cases they then live inside the colonized leaf as a symptomless endobiont, where they are regarded as detritivores utilising dead plant matter. In a few cases they may kill all or part of the leaf prematurely, and there is a substantial literature dealing with those species as plant pathogens. The genus infects many different plant families but with a notable concentration in the family Pinaceae; many "Lophodermium" species are restricted to a single host genus (or even species), but some, particularly those infecting grasses, may infect several genera. Some are economically important plant pathogens, such as those that cause needlecast disease in European Black Pine, Scots Pine and Red Pine in forestry and christmas tree plantations. In these species, notably "L. pinastri" and "L. seditiosum", the fungal spores disperse and infect the pine needles in late summer, which turn brown by the following spring and then fall off.
Partial list of species.
A selection of species is listed below with their principal hosts:

</doc>
<doc id="21373557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373557" title="Iododerma">
Iododerma

Iododermas are caused by iodides, with the most common sources of exposure being oral and intravenous contrast materials used to treat thyroid disease. The most common type of eruption is an acneiform eruption with numerous acutely inflamed follicular pustules, each surrounded by a ring of hyperemia.

</doc>
<doc id="21373569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373569" title="Epstein–Barr virus nuclear antigen 1">
Epstein–Barr virus nuclear antigen 1

Epstein–Barr nuclear antigen 1 (EBNA1) is a multifunctional, dimeric viral protein associated with Epstein–Barr virus (EBV). It is the only EBV protein found in all EBV-related malignancies. It is important in establishing and maintaining the altered state that cells take when infected with EBV. EBNA1 has a glycine–alanine repeat sequence that separates the protein into amino- and carboxy-terminal domains. This sequence also seems to stabilize the protein, preventing proteasomal breakdown, as well as impairing antigen processing and MHC class I-restricted antigen presentation. This thereby inhibits the CD8-restricted cytotoxic T cell response against virus-infected cells. The EBNA1 transcript area originates at the Qp promoter during latency phases I and II. It is the only viral protein expressed during the first latency phase.
Function.
EBNA1 is integral in many EBV functions including gene regulation, extrachromosomal replication, and maintenance of the EBV episomal genome through positive and negative regulation of viral promoters. Studies show that the phosphorylation of ten specific sites on EBNA1 regulates these functions. When phosphorylation does not occur, replication and transcription activities of the protein are significantly decreased. EBNA1 acts through sequence-specific binding to the plasmid origin of viral replication (oriP) within the viral episome. The oriP has four EBNA1 binding sites where replication is initiated as well as a 20-site repeat segment which also enhances the presence of the protein. EBNA1’s specific binding ability, as well as its ability to tether EBV DNA to chromosomal DNA, allows EBNA1 to mediate replication and partitioning of the episome during division of the host cell. EBNA1 also interacts with some viral promoters via several mechanisms, further contributing to transcriptional regulation of EBNA1 itself as well as the other EBNAs (2 and 3) and of EBV latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1).
Role in EBV-related malignancies.
Though EBNA1 is a well-characterized protein, its role in oncogenesis is less well-defined. It is consistently expressed in EBV-associated tumors. EBNA1 is the only identified latent protein-encoding genes that it consistently expressed in Burkitt’s lymphoma cells and is believed to contribute to EBV malignancies through B cell-directed expression. This expression has the ability to produce B-cell lymphomas in transgenic mice and contribute to the survival of Burkitt’s lymphoma in vitro. EBNA1 may regulate cellular genes during EBV’s latency phase and thus regulate EBV associated tumors. Some studies suggest that it is possible that EBNA1 may be involved in the maintenance function in tumors. Transgenic mice expressing EBNA1 in B cell lines showed a predisposition to B cell lymphoma, thus demonstrating that EBNA1 is a viral oncogene and that it likely plays a role in B cell neoplasia. Data also show that, though its role in extrachromosomal replication, EBNA1 also increases the growth of B cells, thus aiding in the formation of malignancies. Adoptive ex vivo transfer of EBNA-1-specific T cells is a feasible and well-tolerated therapeutic option, however for optimal efficacy expansion protocols should use antigenic sequences from relevant EBV strains.
Role in Epithelial to Mesenchymal Transition (EMT).
EBNA1 has recently been linked to the Epithelial to Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) in Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma cells. The link has been associated with the TGF-β1/miR-200/ZEB Pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="21373601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373601" title="Epstein–Barr virus latent membrane protein 1">
Epstein–Barr virus latent membrane protein 1

Epstein–Barr virus latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1) is an Epstein–Barr virus (EBV) protein that regulates its own expression and the expression of human genes. LMP1 has a molecular weight of approximately 63 kDa, and its expression induces many of the changes associated with EBV infections and activation of primary B cells. LMP1 is the best-documented oncoprotein of the EBV latent gene products.
The structure of LMP1 consists of a short cytoplasmic N-terminus tail, six trans-membrane domains, and a long cytoplasmic C-terminus, which contains three activating domains: CTARt, CTAR2, and CTAR3. Each CTAR domain contains an amino acid sequence that serves as a recognition site for cellular adaptors to bind and trigger a series of signal transduction pathways that can lead to a change in gene expression.
LMP-1 mediates signaling through the tumor necrosis factor-alpha/CD40 pathway.
It is often found in Reed–Sternberg cells.

</doc>
<doc id="21373606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373606" title="Scott Lake (Washington)">
Scott Lake (Washington)

Scott Lake is a lake in Thurston County, Washington, United States. It is located south of the Tumwater city limits, south of the Olympia city limits, and north of the Centralia city limits. The location for Scott Lake is in Sections 33 and 34, Township 17N, Range 2W, Willamette Meridian.
The lake receives its water from a creek that comes out of Deep Lake. The creek is officially unnamed, but is referred to as Spruce Creek by the Millersylvania State Park.
The creek that flows out of Scott Lake is officially named Allen Creek. Allen Creek flows into Beaver Creek, a tributary of the Black River. Thus it is part of the Chehalis River watershed.
A nine hole golf course that's opened to the public, and a private park opened only to residents of the Scott Lake Community are located next to the lake.
Eurasian water-milfoil ("myriophyllum spicatum"), an invasive species, was found in the lake in the spring of 1996.
The area is subject to occasional flooding in winter. Its causes are being studied.
Climate of Scott Lake.
The climate of Scott Lake is cloudy and rainy during the fall, winter, and spring. Summers are generally warmer and sunnier. The closest weather station to Scott Lake is located at Webster Nursery near Tumwater. The closest weather station to Scott Lake that has a long history of weather records is located at the Olympia Regional Airport in Tumwater. There is an average of 161.6 days of precipitation per year, and an average of 228.5 days of complete cloud cover per year. On December 21, there is 15 hours and 30 minutes of darkness. On June 21, there is 15 hours and 53 minutes of daylight. The highest temperature ever recorded was 104°F on August 9, 1981 and July 29, 2009. The lowest temperature ever recorded was -8°F below zero on January 1, 1979. The most rain ever recorded in one day was 4.82 inches on January 7, 2009.
For the weather forecast for Scott Lake go to: http://forecast.weather.gov/MapClick.php?CityName=Olympia&state=WA&site=SEW&lat=46.92&lon=-122.93
For the current conditions at Webster Nursery (the closest weather station to Scott Lake) go to: http://weather.wsu.edu/awn.php?page=station_details&UNIT_ID=330153
The Scott Lake Community.
The Scott Lake Community is the community next to Scott Lake. Its location is Section 33, Township 17N, Range 2W, Willamette Meridian and Section 4, Township 16N, Range 2W, Willamette Meridian. It is an unincorporated community that began as a housing development. The Scott Lake Community had 581 houses as of March 9, 2009, which would likely place the population around 1,505 people based on the average number of people per household in the United States. There are 38 streets in the Scott Lake Community. The Scott Lake Community forms two voter precincts, Scott Lake North and Scott Lake South.
The Scott Lake Community Center is a building owned by the Scott Lake Maintenance Company, a non-profit community owned organization. The Scott Lake Community Center is where decisions are made for the community by the Scott Lake Board of Trustees. The community center is used to hold an annual community garage sale. The community center is also rented out for private events as well.
Scott Lake Grocery is a store located at the entrance of the Scott Lake Community. It is a gas station and grocery store. It has been in existence since 1962.
Scott Lake Golf Course is a nine hole golf course located next to the lake. As of 2009, it was owned and operated by Joel Boede. The Scott Lake Golf Course has been in existence since 1964.
The highest point in the Scott Lake Community is the top of Champion Hill which sits at an elevation of . The lowest point in the Scott Lake Community is the surface of Scott Lake which sits at an elevation of .
The official website for the Scott Lake Community is http://www.scottlake.net
History of Scott Lake and the Community.
Scott Lake was originally called Scott's Lake. It was likely named after Joseph M. Scott who homesteaded a property in 1869. The corner of the property came close the lake.
It is unknown when the name was officially changed to Scott Lake or why. There may have been a time in which the lake went by both names. Today the lake only has one name that's completely official, and that name is Scott Lake. However, the name Scotts Lake without the apostrophe is still officially listed as a variant name.
In September 1961, a trust agreement between E. Clifford, J. Clifford, Richard A. Clifford, Edward A. Clifford, B. Clifford, Josephine Clifford, Charles B. Jennings, P. Jennings, J. Swanson, V. Swanson, Paul O. O’ Reilly, and June O’ Reilly was made to form the Scott Lake Development Company. The Scott Lake Development Company bought the farm next to Scott Lake to turn it into a housing development. The land was surveyed and platted by Hugh G. Goldsmith. The first building in the Scott Lake Community was a real-estate office, built in 1961. On February 21, 1962, all roads in the Scott Lake Community were dedicated to the public. On March 29, 1962, the Scott Lake Development Company filed with the state as a corporation. During the early years of this development, the Scott Lake Community was accessible from Interstate 5. McCorckle Rd. (now called 113th Ave.) used to be a crossroad that intersected the freeway.
The Scott Lake Store was built in 1962. The store has been called Scott Lake Grocery since before 1984, and has sold gas for many years. As of 2009, Scott Lake Grocery was on its eighth owner.
The Scott Lake Park, a private park by the lake opened to community residents was built in 1963.
The Scott Lake Country Club (now called the Scott Lake Golf Course) officially opened on April 30, 1965, and the official opening lasted until May 9. It started out as a nine hole golf course. In the 1970s, it was expanded to an 18 hole golf course. Half of the golf course could only be used during the summer dry months. The ground was too wet and muddy to use that half during the rest of the year. The cost to maintain it was too expensive, and the golf course was reduced back to a nine hole golf course.
The Scott Lake Maintenance Company, a non-profit community owned organization, formed on July 5, 1973. The water system was turned over to the board of directors that day, it was the formation of Scott Lake Water. The Scott Lake Community Center was built in 1973.
In 1975, Thurston County changed the names of 27 roads in the Scott Lake Community during a county-wide change.
On August 4, 1991, a 1947 single engine RC-3 Republic CB airplane crashed into the waters of Scott Lake.
On June 29, 2003, a large fire broke out on the side of Champion Hill. Seven fire departments worked over three hours putting out the fire. Due to the winds, the fire burned up over .

</doc>
<doc id="21373611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373611" title="So Far Gone (mixtape)">
So Far Gone (mixtape)

So Far Gone is the third official mixtape by Canadian rapper/singer Drake, under his upcoming label, October's Very Own. Released in February 2009, the mixtape proved to be a major catalyst in the launching of Drake's career on an international scale; "So Far Gone" has since been hailed as one of the best mixtape releases of modern music, and was universally well received by professional critics and hip-hop fans alike. Tracks "Best I Ever Had" and "Successful" were released as singles from the mixtape, and attained unexpected unprecedented success on the Billboard Hot 100. The mixtape was promoted with a release party in Toronto with Drake and LeBron James. Artists including Omarion, Lloyd, Lykke Li, Lil Wayne and Bun B provided guest vocals on the release. The mixtape helped launch the careers of producers 40, Boi-1da, and T-Minus, whose contributions to the musical direction of the mixtape were applauded by critics.
Background.
In an interview with Complex blog, Drake explains: "The whole tape extends from one of my closest friends Oliver. One night we were having a discussion about women and the way we were talking about them, it was so brazen and so disrespectful. He texted me right after we got off the phone and he was like, 'Are we becoming the men that our mothers divorced?' That's really where the cover comes from, too. It's just this kid in pursuit of love and money. We're good guys, I'm friends with some real good people and for him to even text me after we got off the phone it just showed we have a conscience. But sometimes you just get so far gone, you get wrapped up in this shit. The title has a lot of meanings—as the way we carry ourselves, the way we dress, the way people view us, not to sound cocky, it's just that feeling that we're just distanced in a good way. You’re just elevating past the bullshit and past all the shit that you used to be a part of and you're not that proud of, you're just so far gone."
Composition.
Music.
The Mixtape's music was characterized by atmospheric keyboards, major keys, snare drum, synth lead, smooth piano, live instruments, down tempo and mid tempo tracks, sparse and minimalist beats, and atmospheric chords. In a Complex interview, Drake's Primary Producer, Noah "40" Shebib, said that 808's and Heartbreaks was an influence on the mixtape's atmospheric sounds.
Lyrics.
Typically, lyrics in So Far Gone address his relationships with women, gaining fame, past struggles, and create metaphors for the struggles of others ("Houstonatlantavegas", a stripper, "November 18th", the city of Houston etc.) Many of the more upbeat songs also include themes of braggadociosness, ego, wealth, the music industry, confidence around women and sexual capability.
Singles.
"Best I Ever Had" was released as the first single seven months prior to the release of the EP as a digital download from the So Far Gone mixtape. The song was eventually released as an official single on June 16, 2009. The single is one of Drake's most successful songs to date, and charted for 24 weeks while eventually peaking at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. The single also managed to peak at number one on both the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Songs Chart and the Billboard Rap Songs Chart, thus becoming Drake's first number one hit on both of these charts. The song was certified Platinum by the RIAA indicating sales of over 2,000,000 copies in the US.
"Successful" was released as the second single from So Far Gone. The single managed to peak at number seventeen on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent a total of 18 weeks on the chart. The song also reached the Top 5 on both the R&B/Hip-Hop and Rap charts peaking at number 3 and number 2 respectively. It was certified Gold by the RIAA indicating sales of over 500,000 copies in the US.
Reception.
The mixtape has had widespread acclaim by critics overall and currently holds a score of 81 out of 100 on Metacritic, indicating "universal acclaim." RapReviews.com gave a positive review of the mixtape and commented on it by saying "So Far Gone is unquestionably one of the most cohesive, atmospheric hip hop records in recent memory--which is almost the antithesis of what one expects from a mixtape." The Boston Globe gave the mixtape a positive score and commented by saying "His materialism threads throughout So Far Gone (champagne flutes, girls, BlackBerrys, more girls), but he chases that with soft touches of humor and honesty." Pitchfork Media reviewed the mixtape positively and said "So Far Gone still scans as one of the most compulsively listenable mixtapes of a great year for mixtapes." Slant Magazine gave the mixtape a mixed review, but commended Drake's effort, "For a beginner, even one whose big-time endorsements seem to have cemented a promising start, So Far Gone is a pretty brave effort, and Drake's ability to juggle standard bling-and-bluster narratives with intelligent narratives bodes well for his future".
Track listing.
"'Sample credits:

</doc>
<doc id="21373615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373615" title="Khyber Pass">
Khyber Pass

The Khyber Pass (, , ) (elevation: ) is a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Pakistan, cutting through the northeastern part of the Spin Ghar mountains. An integral part of the ancient Silk Road, it is one of the oldest known passes in the world. Throughout history it has been an important trade route between Central Asia and South Asia and a strategic military location. The summit of the pass is inside Pakistan at Landi Kotal.
History.
Well known invasions of the area have been predominantly through the Khyber Pass, such as the invasions by Darius I and Alexander the Great and also include Genghis Khan and later Mongols such as Duwa, Qutlugh Khwaja and Kebek. Among the Muslim invasions of South Asia, the famous invaders coming through the Khyber Pass are the Persian king Mahmud Ghaznavi, and the Afghan Muhammad Ghori and the Turkic-Mongols.
Finally, Sikhs under Ranjit Singh captured the Khyber Pass in 1798 . Hari Singh Nalwa, who manned the Khyber Pass for years, became a household name in Afghanistan.
To the north of the Khyber Pass lies the country of the Mullagori tribe. To the south is Afridi Tirah, while the inhabitants of villages in the Pass itself are Afridi clansmen. Throughout the centuries the Pashtun clans, particularly the Afridis and the Afghan Shinwaris, have regarded the Pass as their own preserve and have levied a toll on travellers for safe conduct. Since this has long been their main source of income, resistance to challenges to the Shinwaris' authority has often been fierce.
For strategic reasons, after the First World War the British built a heavily engineered railway through the Pass. The Khyber Pass Railway from Jamrud, near Peshawar, to the Afghan border near Landi Kotal was opened in 1925.
During World War II concrete "dragon’s teeth" (tank obstacles) were erected on the valley floor due to British fears of a German tank invasion of India.
The Pass became widely known to thousands of Westerners and Japanese who traveled it in the days of the Hippie trail, taking a bus or car from Kabul to the Afghan border. At the Pakistani frontier post, travelers were advised not to wander away from the road, as the location was a barely controlled Federally Administered Tribal Area. Then, after customs formalities, a quick daylight drive through the Pass was made. Monuments left by British Army units, as well as hillside forts, could be viewed from the highway.
The area of the Khyber Pass has been connected with a counterfeit arms industry, making various types of weapons known to gun collectors as Khyber Pass Copies, using local steel and blacksmiths' forges.
Current conflicts.
During the current war in Afghanistan, the Khyber Pass has been a major route for resupplying military armament and food to the NATO forces in the Afghan theater of conflict since the US started the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. Almost 80 percent of the NATO and US supplies that are brought in by road were transported through this Khyber Pass. Furthermore, it has also been used to transport civilians from the Afghan side to the Pakistani one. Until the end of 2007, this route had been relatively safe since the tribes living there (mainly Afridi, a Pashtun tribe) were paid by the Pakistani government to keep the area safe. However, since that year, the Taliban began to control the region, and so there started to exist wider tensions in their political relationship.
Since the end of 2008, supply convoys and depots in this western part increasingly came under attack by elements from or supposedly sympathetic to the Pakistani Taliban. 
In January 2009, Pakistan sealed off the bridge as part of a military offensive against Taliban guerrillas. This military operation was mainly focused on Jamrud, a district on the Khyber road. The target was to “dynamite or bulldoze homes belonging to men suspected of harboring or supporting Taliban militants or carrying out other illegal activities”. The result meant that more than 70 people were arrested and 45 homes were destroyed. In addition, two children and one woman were killed. As a response, in early February 2009, Taliban insurgents cut off the Khyber Pass temporarily by blowing up a key bridge. 
This increasingly unstable situation in northwest Pakistan, made the US and NATO broaden supply routes, through Central Asia (Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan). Even the option of supplying material through the Iranian port of Chabahar was considered.
In 2010, the already complicated relationship with Pakistan (always accused by the US of hosting the Taliban in this border area without reporting it) became tougher after the NATO forces, under the pretext of mitigating the Taliban's power over this area, executed an attack with drones over the Durand line, passing the frontier of Afghanistan and killing three Pakistani soldiers. Pakistan answered by closing the pass on 30 September which caused a convoy of several NATO trucks to queue at the closed border. This convoy was attacked by extremists apparently linked to Al Qaida which caused the destruction of more than 29 oil tankers and trucks and the killing of several soldiers. NATO chief members had to issue a formal apology to the Pakistan government so the supply traffic at this pass could be restored. 
In August 2011, the activity at the Khyber pass was again halted by the Khyber Agency administration due to the more possible attacks of the insurgency over the NATO forces, which had suffered a period of big number of assaults over the trucks heading to supply the NATO and ISAF coalitions all over the frontier line. This instability made the Pakistan Oil Tanker Owners Association demand more protection from the Pakistani and US government threatening not to supply fuel for the Afghan side.
Elsewhere.
A number of locations around the world have been named after the Khyber Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="21373616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373616" title="Hydroxyurea dermopathy">
Hydroxyurea dermopathy

Hydroxyurea dermopathy is caused by chronic use of hydroxyurea for chronic myelogenous leukemia, thrombocytosis, or psoriasis, and presents with skin lesions characteristic of dermatomyositis.

</doc>
<doc id="21373628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373628" title="Mohamad Bazzi">
Mohamad Bazzi

Mohamad Bazzi (), is a Lebanese-American award-winning journalist. He is the former Middle East bureau chief at Newsday and a current faculty member of New York University. Bazzi was the 2007-2008 Edward R. Murrow Press Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. He is currently an adjunct senior fellow for Middle East Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations.
While at Newsday, Bazzi covered the Middle East, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, where he focused on militant Islamic movements, regional politics, and the war on terrorism. He was Newsday's lead writer on the Iraq war and its aftermath. He also covered the 2000 Palestinian uprising, the 2001 war in Afghanistan, and the 2006 war between Hezbollah and Israel.
Early life.
Mohamad Bazzi left his native Lebanon for the United States in 1985, when he was 10 years old. He began his journalism career in middle school writing for community newspapers in Queens. As a high school student he wrote more than 30 stories for "New Youth Connections" (now "YCteen"), New York's citywide magazine by and for teens published by Youth Communication. He became a United States citizen in 1994. His Middle Eastern background and fluent Arabic have recently played an important role in his rapidly rising career in journalism. He graduated magna cum laude in 1997 from CUNY. Bazzi was born in Beirut. He came to the U.S. with an older brother; another brother is in France, yet another is in Spain, and their parents and a sister remain in Lebanon. English is Bazzi's third language; he learned both Arabic and French as a child in Lebanon, and English after he came to the United States. Bazzi became a staff writer for Newsday in 1998.
In ten years on staff at Newsday, he was a metro reporter in New York City and served as the paper's United Nations
bureau chief. His articles and commentaries on the Middle East have also appeared in The New York Times Magazine, The Nation, Newsweek, Christian Science Monitor, Chicago Tribune, Salon, Newark Star-Ledger, and The National (Abu Dhabi). Among Bazzi's awards are the 2008 Arthur Ross Award for distinguished reporting and analysis on foreign affairs; the 2008 American Academy of Religion Award for in-depth reporting on religion; the 2005 Elizabeth Neuffer Memorial Prize; the 2004 News Analysis Award from the NY Society of the Silurians; the 2004 James Aronson Award for social justice journalism; the 2003 Silver Medal from the United Nations Correspondents Association; and the 2002 Daniel Pearl Award for outstanding print reporting on South Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="21373632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373632" title="Brent Pease">
Brent Pease

Brent Richard Pease (born October 8, 1964) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the wide receivers coach for the Washington Huskies football team of the University of Washington. He previously was the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for the Florida Gators football team of the University of Florida. 
Playing career.
Born in Moscow, Idaho, Pease grew up in Mountain Home and played quarterback at Mountain Home High School, where his father Rich was head coach.
Pease was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the eleventh round of the 1987 NFL Draft. He was released and picked up by the Houston Oilers, for whom he started three replacement games during the strike-shortened 1987 season. He spent another year in Houston as a third-stringer behind Warren Moon and his back-up Cody Carlson.
In February 1991, Pease became the first quarterback selected in the World League of American Football draft by the Birmingham Fire. After spending the 1991 season as a part-time starter for the Fire, Pease spent 1992 as the backup to Reggie Slack for the New York/New Jersey Knights. Behind Pease as the no. 3 quarterback was future NFL backup Doug Pederson.
Coaching career.
Pease began his coaching career while still playing in the World League as an offensive assistant coach at his alma mater, Montana, in the fall of 1991. He spent five seasons in that capacity, coaching quarterbacks, running backs and wide receivers. In 1995, the Grizzlies won the NCAA Division I-AA championship and quarterback Dave Dickenson, tutored by Pease, received the Walter Payton Award and earned Big Sky Conference MVP honors. The following year, new head coach Mick Dennehy promoted him to offensive coordinator, a position he held for three seasons. He left Montana in 1999, joining Jerome Souers' staff at Northern Arizona as the assistant head coach, offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach.
Pease was the offensive coordinator at Kentucky under head coach Guy Morriss from 2001 through 2002. While at Kentucky Pease coached future NFL quarterbacks Jared Lorenzen and Shane Boyd. He then served as the offensive coordinator at Baylor under Morriss from 2003 to 2005.
In 2006, Pease became wide receivers coach at Boise State, adding the title of assistant head coach the following year. In December 2010, Pease was named offensive coordinator at Indiana University. However, he returned to Boise less than two weeks later, succeeding Bryan Harsin as the Broncos' offensive coordinator.
Following the 2011 season, Pease was hired by the Florida Gators as their new offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach. Since joining the Gators as offensive coordinator, the team has not ranked in the top 100 teams in terms of pass offense or scoring offense. Following the 2013 season, and after losing to Florida State University 7–37, Pease and UF parted ways. On December 17, 2013, Pease was hired by Chris Petersen at the University of Washington to be the wide receivers coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21373636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373636" title="Aux (TV channel)">
Aux (TV channel)

Aux (stylized AUX) is a Canadian English language Category B specialty channel and corresponding website owned and operated by Blue Ant Media. Aux is programmed to offer music video and music-related programs profiling new and emerging artists in alternative, hip hop, indie rock, indie pop and other genres.
History.
Aux originally started out as a website, built on an Internet television model, and a programming block on another Glassbox-owned television channel, BiteTV. Both the website and the programming block launched on November 24, 2008.
Glassbox Television received approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch Aux as a national English-language category 2 specialty channel on March 6, 2009. The channel was launched on October 1, 2009 exclusively on Rogers Cable (in Ontario and New Brunswick, and shortly thereafter in Newfoundland and Labrador). Later, other providers such as Shaw Cable, Shaw Direct, EastLink, and Source Cable launched the channel on their systems.
In April 2010, the CRTC denied an application by Glassbox to launch a French-language version of Aux, as Astral Media had filed an intervention against the Glassbox application suggesting that the channel would be in competition with the established music video networks MusiquePlus and MusiMax.
Aux HD.
On June 4, 2013, Aux HD was launched as a high definition simulcast of Aux's standard definition feed on EastLink. It is also available on Bell Fibe TV and Cogeco.
Programming.
Original programming on Aux has included: 
"ExploreMusic with Alan Cross", 
"Master Tracks",
"Aux Weekly",
"Talk Show Night At Juicebox Manor",
"Cypher",
"Band Foto",
"Strange Notes" (hosted by George Pettit of Alexisonfire), 
"Volume",
"Camera Music",
"the alt.sessions",
"Hard",
"Something New",
"Garageland".
Collaborations.
In February 2009, Aux participated with CBC Radio 3 and "Exclaim!" to launch X3, a new collaborative cross-promotional platform which sees all three outlets air or publish feature content spotlighting a particular "Artist of the Month". X3 artists of the month have included K'naan, Malajube, Thunderheist, Japandroids, Apostle of Hustle and The Rural Alberta Advantage.

</doc>
<doc id="21373637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373637" title="Linear IgA bullous dermatosis">
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis

Linear IgA bullous dermatosis (also known as "Linear IgA dermatosis") is frequently associated with medication exposure, especially vancomycin, with men and women being equally affected. It was first described by Tadeusz Chorzelski in 1979. Linear IgA dermatosis is a rare immune-mediated blistering skin disease that may be divided into two types:

</doc>
<doc id="21373639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373639" title="Pokemouche">
Pokemouche

Pokemouche is a Mi'kmaq word and may refer to the following in the Canadian province of New Brunswick:

</doc>
<doc id="21373676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373676" title="Serious Fun (Lester Bowie album)">
Serious Fun (Lester Bowie album)

Serious Fun is the first album by Lester Bowie recorded for the Japanese DIW label and the fourth album by his "Brass Fantasy" group. It was released in 1989 and features performances by Bowie, Vincent Chancey, Frank Lacy, Steve Turre, E. J. Allen, Gerald Brezel, Stanton Davis, Bob Stewart, Ken Crutchfield, Vinnie Johnson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating ""Serious Fun" is one of the ensemble's earlier records and the material is better than usual... on this particular project it is mostly quite successful and full of Lester Bowie's wit". 

</doc>
<doc id="21373680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373680" title="Leukotriene receptor antagonist-associated Churg–Strauss syndrome">
Leukotriene receptor antagonist-associated Churg–Strauss syndrome

Leukotriene receptor antagonist-associated Churg–Strauss syndrome may occur in asthma patients being treated with leukotriene receptor antagonists, occurring 2 days to 10 months after the antagonist has been started, with features of the syndrome including peripheral eosinphilia, pulmonary infiltrates, and less commonly neuropathy, sinusitis, and cardiomyopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="21373694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373694" title="Ron Hudson">
Ron Hudson

Ron Hudson (born 1947) is an American football coach. He is best known for his tenure as the offensive coordinator of the Kansas State University football team. Hudson coached at Kansas State between 1995 and 2002. He also served the offensive coordinator at the University of Kentucky during the 2003 and 2004 seasons.
Early career.
Hudson began his coaching career at the University of California, where he served as wide receivers coach from 1972 to 1976. He worked as running backs coach at the University of Oregon from 1977 to 1978 and at UCLA from 1979 to 1981. Hudson accepted his first offensive coordinator position under Gerry Faust, serving the Notre Dame Fighting Irish from 1982 to 1985. Following Faust's resignation in 1985, Hudson regrouped with a 1987 job as running backs coach at the University of Illinois. He then worked at Ohio State as John Cooper's quarterbacks coach from 1988 to 1994, before joining Kansas State in 1995.
Kansas State.
Hudson coached for eight years (1995–2002) at Kansas State University under head coach Bill Snyder; for the final six years Hudson served the team as offensive coordinator. Hudson's teams averaged ten wins a season during his eight-year tenure at Kansas State, reaching eight consecutive bowl games. Kansas State led the NCAA's Division I-A in offense during the 1998 season and set a school record for points scored with 610. Five of Kansas State's six most productive seasons in terms of points scored occurred during Hudson's tenure with the team.
Kentucky.
In January 2003 Hudson left Kansas State to join the staff of Rich Brooks as offensive coordinator at the University of Kentucky. Hudson resigned at Kentucky in November 2004.
Subsequent career.
Hudson accepted an assistant coaching position with the Hamburg Sea Devils of NFL Europa until that league's dissolution in 2007. The Hamburg team won the last World Bowl in NFL Europa.

</doc>
<doc id="21373728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373728" title="Salvia lavandulifolia">
Salvia lavandulifolia

Salvia lavandulifolia (Spanish sage) is a small woody herbaceous perennial native to Spain and southern France, growing in rocky soil in Maquis shrubland, often found growing with Rosemary, "Lavandula lanata", and "Genista cinerea".
"Salvia lavandulifolia" grows one foot tall and wide, with a reclining habit and narrow, lanceolate, whitish-gray evergreen leaves that are less than 2 inches long. The leaves grow opposite each other on the stem and appear to grow in bunches. When the leaves are rubbed, oils give off a fragrance similar to rosemary. These oils are used for scenting soaps. The 1 inch long pale lavender flowers grow on short inflorescences, blooming for about one month in late spring and early summer. The flowering stems have very few flowers on widely spaced whorls. Some varieties have a dark calyx.
Biochemistry.
The essential oil of "S. lavandulifolia" has been found to have a selective acetylcholinesterase-inhibiting effect, (in as far as the regions of the brain in which acetylcholinesterase activity has been demonstrated, such areas are: statium and hippocampus) with an IC50 value of 0.03μg/mL. It is believed that the chief reason for this activity are the monoterpenes 1,8-cineole and α-pinene which have IC50 values of 0.67 and 0.63 mM respectively. 
Medical study.
A study conducted by Tildesley, et al., and published in "Pharmacology, Biochemistry and Behavior" indicated that "S. lavandulifolia" improves word recall in healthy young adults.

</doc>
<doc id="21373730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373730" title="Tine Hribar">
Tine Hribar

Tine Hribar (born 28 January 1941 as Velentin Hribar) is a Slovenian philosopher and public intellectual, notable for his interpretations of Heidegger and his role in the democratization of Slovenia between 1988 and 1990, known as the Slovenian Spring. He is the husband of author, essayist and political commentator Spomenka Hribar.
He was born in the small village of Goričica near Ihan in central Slovenia (then part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia). He studied philosophy and sociology at the University of Ljubljana. He continued his studies at the University of Zagreb under the supervision of Croatian phenomenologist philosopher Vanja Sutlić. In 1971 he started teaching philosophy and sociology at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana. In 1975 he was fired from the University, together with fellow sociologist Veljko Rus, because of his non-Marxist attitudes. In 1981 he co-founded the alternative journal "Nova revija".
In 1987 Hribar was among the editors of the famous "Contributions to the Slovenian National Program", published in a special number of the journal "Nova revija", in which sixteen authors demanded a democratic and sovereign Slovenia. Between 1989 and 1991 he was an active member of the Slovenian Democratic Union, one of the central parties within the DEMOS coalition that won the first free elections in Slovenia in April 1990. Hribar and Peter Jambrek and France Bučar were the party's main strategists. After the party broke up in 1991, Hribar joined the left liberal Democratic Party, but withdrew from active engagement in politics. 
In 1992 Hribar became a professor at the University of Ljubljana again. In 1995 he became a member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Political commentator.
Hribar's role in Slovenian public life after 1991 caused controversy. In the early 1990s he warned against the recurrence of clericalism in Slovenia, and was critical of his former coalition partners of the Slovene Christian Democrats, especially the former Prime Minister Lojze Peterle. After 1994 he became a critic of conservative opposition leader Janez Janša, his former party colleague and close collaborator between 1989 and 1991. In the 1990s Hribar supported the ruling centre-left Liberal Democracy of Slovenia. In 2004 however, he turned against the ruling left-wing coalition, accusing it of fostering a "vulgar type of liberalism". He co-founded the liberal conservative civic platform Rally for the Republic, which publicly supported the centre-right electoral coalition led by Janez Janša. This sudden and radical turn in Hribar's political affiliation was widely criticized, especially by post-Marxist philosopher Slavoj Žižek, Hribar's former collaborator from the late 1970s.
Between 2004 and 2008, Hribar was relatively supportive of the policies of Janša's government, especially the Slovenian Democratic Party, which he had fiercely criticized in the 1990s. He has nevertheless maintained his thoroughly anti-clerical and, to a certain extent, an anti-Catholic position.
After the parliamentary elections of 2008, which brought the left wing to power in Slovenia, Hribar adopted critical stance towards the Slovenian left, accusing it of abusing power for personal privileges. He maintained a critical, but substantially favourable attitude towards the Slovenian secular right wing parties, especially to the Slovenian Democratic Party and its leader Janez Janša, whom he nevertheless accused of an excessively moralizing political discourse.

</doc>
<doc id="21373737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373737" title="Instant replay in American and Canadian football">
Instant replay in American and Canadian football

In American and Canadian football, instant replay is a method of reviewing a play using cameras at various angles to determine the accuracy of the initial call of the officials. An instant replay can take place in the event of a close or otherwise controversial call, either at the request of a team's head coach (with limitations) or the officials themselves. 
There are restrictions on what types of plays can be reviewed. In general, most penalty calls or lack thereof cannot be reviewed, nor can a play that is whistled dead by the officials before the play could come to its rightful end. Examples of plays that cannot be reviewed – even if replays would show an incorrect call was made – include a quarterback fumble recovered by the defensive team that is ruled an incomplete pass and thus whistled dead, or a player ruled downed or out of bounds when in fact he was not.
American and Canadian football leagues vary in their application and use of instant replay review.
By league.
National Football League.
The National Football League first adopted a limited Instant Replay system in 1986, though the current system began in 1999, bringing in the opportunity to "challenge" on-field calls of plays. The current system mirrors a system used by the now defunct USFL in 1985. Each coach is allowed two opportunities per game to make a "coach's challenge". Before the 2004 NFL season, the instant replay rule was slightly changed to allow a third challenge if both of the original two challenges were successful.
A challenge can only be made on certain reviewable calls on plays that "initiated" before the two minute warning and only when a team has at least one time-out remaining in the half. Up until the 2005 season, coaches could signal a challenge via an electronic pager, now used only by the replay assistant. The coaches now throw a red flag onto the field, indicating the challenge to the referees. This red flag was originally the "backup plan" if the pager were to fail, but it has become the more popular option among NFL coaches to signal a replay request.
The referee has 60 seconds to watch the instant replay of the play and decide if the original call was correct. The referee must see "incontrovertible visual evidence" for a call to be overturned. If the challenge fails, the original ruling stands and the challenging team is charged with a timeout. If the challenge overrules the previous call, the call is reversed, should there have been an official score change, the score will be changed again, resulting in the original score and with no loss of a timeout.
Because of the limited number of challenges, and the possible penalty of a lost timeout, coaches typically reserve their challenges for key plays. A questionable call may not be challenged once the next play is underway, so coaches may be forced to make a quick decision without the benefit of seeing a replay on television or on the stadium screen. If a questionable call is made in favor of the offense, then the offense will often line up and snap the ball quickly to prevent the opposing coach from challenging the call. Often players on the field will signal to the coach if they believe the play should be challenged.
During a scoring play (starting in 2011), turnovers (starting in 2012), or after the two-minute warning of each half, and in overtime, reviews can only take place if the replay assistant, who sits in the press box and monitors the network broadcast of the game, determines that a play needs review; coaches may not challenge during these times. In those cases, the replay assistant will contact the referee by a specialized electronic pager with a vibrating alert. If a review takes place during that time while the clock is running, the clock will stop for the review, and then it will start running once the ball is set and ready for play. Starting with the 2010 season, any reviews with the clock running inside one minute will have a 10 second rundown, which can be voided if either team uses a timeout.
One concern about replay that was addressed some years ago was the situation where a coach would seek a review of a non-challengeable call (such as being forced out of bounds, or in some cases to challenge a runner down by contact). Before the rule was clarified, a team would lose the challenge and a time-out. The current rule does not penalize a team in such a case, provided the rule is not abused or taken advantage of.
The NFL replay system currently only covers the following situations:
If a play is overturned, the official is also responsible for making any related revisions to the game clock if applicable, especially in late, game-ending situations. For instance, if a player makes a reception and runs a long distance, several seconds may run off the game clock. If the play is challenged and the catch overturned, the game clock would be reset to have stopped at the moment of incompletion (presumably adding time back to the clock). 
Note that the spot of the ball may be challenged in certain cases. In such cases, a decision to respot the football is not enough to win the challenge; only when the ball is respotted "and" the ruling on the field is reversed by remeasurement is the challenging team not charged a timeout.
Some unusual, and confusing sequences of events can occur during replay stoppages, and most have been addressed through rules clarifications. For instance, if a team commits a delay of game penalty (before the snap), the opposing team still has the opportunity to challenge, provided it is done before the ensuing snap. Also, inside the two minute warning, if a team calls a timeout in the normal course of play, but the replay assistant calls for a challenge of that play, the initial timeout is ignored and restored in favor of the replay stoppage.
History.
The current replay system replaced a previous system used during from 1986 through 1991, when a procedure similar to that of college football was used. In 1987 commissioner Pete Rozelle saved the system for another season; in 1988 Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney saved it. From before 1986, and from 1992 to 1998, no replay system was used. While there is occasional controversy over the appropriateness of overturned calls, the system is generally accepted as an effective and necessary way to ensure a fair game.
NCAA football.
In 2006, the NCAA Football Rules Committee enacted instant replay guidelines and added them to the football playing rules. For games involving two schools from the same conference, league policy determines whether replay will be used. For non-conference games, the home team makes the determination.
Plays involving the sideline, goal line, end zone and end line, as well as other detectable situations, are reviewable (e.g., fumble/no fumble, pass complete/incomplete, touchdown/no touchdown, runner down/not down, player or ball inbounds/out of bounds, clock adjustments). Most fouls (e.g., holding, offside, pass interference) are not reviewable, except that in 2006, illegal forward passes, handoffs and punts from beyond the line of scrimmage, and too many players on the field are reviewable and the foul may be called after replay review. Also, while the foul of pass interference is not reviewable, it can be overturned on review based on touching of the pass. By rule, pass interference cannot apply if a pass has been touched by any player before the foul occurs, and the touching of a pass is a reviewable play at its conclusion from a secure booth in the press box. Most plays are routine and the game continues without interruption. If, however, the following criteria are met, the Replay Official may interrupt the contest by paging the game officials to stop the game before the next play starts. The criteria are:
Once per game, each head coach may also call a timeout and challenge the ruling on the previous play before the next play starts. A coach must have at least one timeout remaining in order to challenge (teams receive three timeouts per half). If the challenge is successful and the on-field ruling is overturned, the team keeps its timeout and is allowed only one more challenge. If unsuccessful, the team loses its timeout and is allowed no more challenges. 
After reviewing the play from available video angles, the Replay Official decides if the call should be upheld or overturned. If the call is overturned, the Replay Official provides the proper information to restart the game, such as the team in possession, the yardline where the ball should be placed, the correct down and distance, and the correct time on the stadium clock. Should there have been an official score change, the score will be changed again, resulting in the original score.
History.
College football instant replay was started by the Big Ten Conference in the 2004 season because of what happened in the 2001 Michigan vs. Michigan State football game, when reviews were used experimentally in the Big Ten Conference only. In the 2005 season, all conferences were allowed to use instant replay. Among Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (see Division I-A) conferences, the Atlantic Coast Conference, Big East, Big Ten, Big 12, Conference USA, MAC, Mountain West Conference, Pac-10, and SEC used replay in 2005. The Sun Belt and Western Athletic did not.
In 2005, the Big 12 initially sought to provide field monitors which would allow the on-field referee to assist the replay official; however, by the first game of the season, they decided to only provide equipment to the instant replay booth. Conference USA used a similar system, but the on-field referee made the decision after viewing a TV monitor on the sideline. The Mountain West Conference was the only league to allow a head coach's challenge. Each head coach got one challenge per half. If the call was overturned, the challenging coach kept his timeout and got a second challenge for that half. If not, the challenging coach lost one of his three timeouts for the half. No more than two challenges per half per coach were allowed.
There is not currently an instant replay equipment standard, each conference must choose (and purchase) its own equipment. Therefore, systems are quite disparate: they can be as complex as the high-tech custom systems similar as those used in the NFL to as simple as several large screens hooked to a digital video recorder using the direct-to-air feed of the broadcasting entity televising the game or a venue's internal coverage unit.
In 2005, the Big Ten, MAC, and SEC only allowed broadcast video (for games that are televised) to be used to determine the correct call. The other conferences allowed broadcast video and scoreboard video. Most conferences provided video equipment for games that were not televised.
Instant replay was used in post-season games for the first time in the 2005 season. It was used in all 28 bowl games as well as the Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS, née 1-AA), Division II and Division III national championship playoff games.
Canadian Football League.
The Canadian Football League board of governors approved the use of instant replay starting in 2006. The CFL system appears to be modeled largely on the NFL's, although some differences have been incorporated to accommodate differences between the two codes:

</doc>
<doc id="21373780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373780" title="Apatosagittarius">
Apatosagittarius

Apatosagittarius is an extinct monotypic genus of Accipitridae from the Late Miocene of Nebraska. Only one species has been described, Apatosagittarius terrenus. The genus name refers to the bird's resemblance to the living Secretary bird.

</doc>
<doc id="21373854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373854" title="Bogdan Stević">
Bogdan Stević

Bogdan Stević (Serbian Cyrillic: Богдан Стевић; born June 4, 1987) is a Serbian footballer who last played for FK Teleoptik on loan from FK Partizan.
On January 20, 2009, it was officially announced that he signed for Partizan with a 5-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="21373869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373869" title="Head East (album)">
Head East (album)

Head East (also known as "The Roadsign Album") is the title of the fourth studio album released by American hard rock band, Head East. Released by A&M Records in February 1978, the album was the group's first to crack the "Billboard" 200 peaking at #78. The album also garnered the band's highest-charting single, a cover of the Russ Ballard song, "Since You Been Gone", which reached #46 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The album has since been reissued on CD and as an MP3 download.
Tracklisting.
A1 "Open Up The Door"
A2 "Man I Wanna Be"
A3 "Nothing To Lose"
A4 "Since You Been Gone"
A5 "Pictures"
B1 "Get Up & Enjoy Yourself"
B2 "I'm Feelin' Fine"
B3 "Dance Away Lover"
B4 "Elijah"

</doc>
<doc id="21373881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373881" title="Summer School (2006 film)">
Summer School (2006 film)

Summer School is an independent horror film created by Minnesota-based production company Random Creatureface Films.
Summer School, having spent the first two years after its release showing at regional and national film festivals, is currently only available on the official website, but distributor Osiris Entertainment has scheduled a worldwide release in stores and several rental chains starting in April 2009.
Plot synopsis.
Charles runs a website that reviews "the more macabre of the cinema world" and he has stayed up a bit too late trying to catch up on his work ala a horror movie marathon. In his rapid absorption of an endless series of dark delicacies, Charles has emerged the next day, the first day of Summer School in a bit of a mental flux. He is slipping in and out of consciousness, into a realm of sadistic, genre bending nightmares that test his sanity and question his grip on reality.
Police incident.
In August 2005, St. Paul, Minnesota police were called to a local neighborhood with to investigate a possible shooting. The car contained “blood” and “brain matter” on the seats, dashboard, and windows. After canvassing the area, the officers discovered the owner of the car, Lance Hendrickson, one of the directors. The blood and bits of brain were fake—the officers were shown the scene from the then in-production film as proof.
Reception.
<br>Dread Central calls it “wildly entertaining”, saying it has “set a new standard... for all other independent horror films, it is a sterling standard.” Dread Central also reviewed the “Extra Credit” edition DVD, giving even more praise. The two articles give the film a 4.5 out of 5 and the special features a 4 out of 5.
Fatally Yours says it's “wonderfully clever”, “a slice of horror heaven pie”, and “a film by horror fans, for horror fans.”
The film was also nominated for several awards, winning Mike Nelson and Ben Trandem an award for Best Editing in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="21373891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373891" title="Eddie Logan Stakes">
Eddie Logan Stakes

The Eddie Logan Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race for two-year-olds run at the Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California late in the year. An ungraded stakes, it's set at a distance of 1 mile on the turf, and offers a purse of $70,000 plus.
Begun in 2006, this race is named for Eddie Logan (May 20, 1910 - January 31, 2009), the "foot man," who worked at the track for 74 years, beginning on the track's opening day: December 24, 1934, shining shoes and cheering hearts. Logan was in the winner's circle to present the first winning trophy. [http://www.latimes.com/news/obituaries/la-me-eddie-logan1-2009feb01,0,3378124.story]
This race was formerly known as the Hill Rise Stakes. In 2002 Peace Rules won, with Singletary placing.

</doc>
<doc id="21373903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373903" title="Diener &amp; Diener">
Diener &amp; Diener

Diener & Diener is an architectural firm established in Basel, Switzerland in 1942. The second generation of Diener & Diener has been active since 1980. The Basel office, along with its subsidiary in Berlin, has been headed by Roger Diener, since 2011, together with Terese Erngaard, Andreas Rüedi, and Michael Roth.
History.
Roger Diener studied at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich (ETHZ) and later returned as a professor. He is one of the co-founders of Studio Basel, a practice-based architectural education outpost of ETHZ. Diener has also been a visiting professor at Harvard University Graduate School of Design, the School of Architecture in Vienna, Academie van Bouwkunst in Amsterdam and the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen.
Roger Diener has been a board member of the German Foundation for Monument Protection, Berlin, 2005 – 2013, and member of the Swiss Federal Commission of historic monuments, 2013 – 
Awards: 2002 – Grande Médaille d’Or d’Architecture, Académie d’Architecture, Paris; 2009 – Prix Meret Oppenheim; 2010 – Prize of the German Architecture Museum (DAM) for Architecture in Germany;
Projects.
Hammerstrasse, Basel, Switzerland, 1978–1981;
Riehenring, Basel, Switzerland, 1980–1985;
Apartment Buildings St. Alban–Tal, Basel, Switzerland, 1981–1986;
Roquette Residential Buildings, in collaboration with Dani Karavan, Paris, France, 1992–1996;
Parkkolonnaden, Berlin, Germany, 1994–2000;
KNSM- and Java–Island, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 1995–2001;
Office and Residential Buildings, ‘Quartier 110’, Berlin, Germany, 1996–2004;
Row Houses Isteinerstrasse, In collaboration with August Künzel Landschaftsarchitekten, Basel, Switzerland, 1997–2003;
Bäumleingasse, Basel, Switzerland, 1999–2005;
Ypenburg, in collaboration with West 8, The Hague, The Netherlands, 2000–2003;
Musterhaus, in collaboration with Architekt Krischanitz, Hadersdorf, Vienna, Austria, 2000–2007;
Maag Residential Building, Zurich, Switzerland, 2002–2012;
Mobimo Tower, Residential Building and Hotel, Zurich, Switzerland, 2002–2011;
Casa A1 at the Olympic Village, with Steidle + Partner, Torino, Italy, 2003–2006;
Westkaai 1 + 2 Apartment Buildings, in collaboration with Michel Desvigne Paysagiste, Antwerp, Belgium, 2005–2009;
Apartment Building with daycare centre, Macrolot A2, in collaboration with Peter Suter, Boulogne–Billancourt, France, 2005–2009;
Markthalle Basel Tower, Basel, Switzerland, 2007–2012;
Apartment Buildings Champfèr, Champfèr, Switzerland, 2008–2013;
House Rewers Rahbek, Falster, Denmark, 2009–2011;
Office Building Steinentorberg, Basel, Switzerland, 1984–1990;
Administration Building Hochstrasse, Basel, Switzerland, 1985–1988;
Training and Conference Centre Viaduktstrasse, Basel, Switzerland, 1985–1994;
Administration Building Picassoplatz, Basel, Switzerland, 1987–1993;
Office Building Kohlenberg, Basel, Switzerland, 1992–1995;
Housing and Office Buildings Warteck Brewery, in collaboration with Suter & Suter, Basel, Switzerland, 1992–1996;
Hotel Schweizerhof, Migros, Supermarket, Migros School, Lucerne, Switzerland, 1995–2000;
Swiss Embassy Berlin, Berlin, Germany, 1995–2000;
ABB Power Tower Engineering Building, Baden, Switzerland, 1999–2002;
Stuker Auction House, Berne, Switzerland, 2001–2003;
Stücki Shopping Centre, Hotel, and Offices, Basel, Switzerland, 2001–2009;
Showroom and Administration Building Slam Jam, Ferrara, Italy, 2002–2005;
Novartis Campus Forum 3, in collaboration with artist Helmut, Federle, architect Gerold Wiederin, Basel, Switzerland, 2002–2005;
House ‘C’ Office Building at Citygate, Basel, Switzerland, 2002–2010;
Architecture Museum at Domus–Haus, Basel, Switzerland, 1984–1985;
Gmurzynska Gallery, Cologne, Germany, 1988–1991;
Vogesen School, Basel, Switzerland, 1992–1996;
Extension to the ‘Centre Pasqu’Art’, Biel, Switzerland, 1995–1999;
Presentation of the ‘Guest of Honour 1998 Switzerland’ at Frankfurt Book Fair, in collaboration with Peter Suter, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, 1998;
Collection Rosengart, Lucerne, Switzerland, 1999–2002;
Extension to the National Gallery of Modern Art, in collaboration with Peter Suter, Rome, Italy, 2000–;
University Building, Malmö, Sweden, 2003–2005;
Shoah Memorial Drancy, in collaboration with Eric Lapière, and J.L. Cohen, Drancy, France, 2006–2011;
Music House for Instrumental Practice and Choral Rehearsal, Benedictine Monastery Einsiedeln, Switzerland, 2006–2010;
Monastery Archive and Library, Benedictine Monastery Einsiedeln, Switzerland, 2008–2010;
New East Wing Expansion of the Museum of Natural History, Berlin, Germany, 2005–2010;
Masterplan for Baden–Nord, in collaboration with Martin Steinmann. Baden, Switzerland, 1994–1998;
Masterplan for the University Harbour PHASE 1, Malmö, Sweden, 1997;
Masterplan for the Maag Areal Plus, in collaboration with Boesch Architects, Zurich, Switzerland, 2000;
Masterplan for Citygate, in collaboration with August Künzel Landschaftsarchitekten, Basel, Switzerland, 2002–2010;
Masterplan Droogdokkeneiland, Antwerp, Belgium, 2002;
Masterplan for Residential and Office Buildings ‘Ile Seguin’, in collaboration with Vogt Landschaftsarchitekten, Boulogne Billancourt, France, 2005–2009;
Masterplan Sihl Manegg, Zurich, Switzerland, 2006–2010;
Masterplan for Malters, in collaboration with August Künzel Landschaftsarchitekten, Malters, Switzerland, 2007;
Masterplan Rosental Basel, Basel, Switzerland, 2008;
Exhibitions.
From City to Detail, The Architecture Foundation, London, Aedes, Berlin, 1992-1993;
The House and the City (Das Haus und die Stadt) Architekturgalerie Luzern, Lucerne, 1995 – 1998;
Centralbahnplatz-Von der Drehscheibe zum Arboretum, S AM (Swiss Architecture Museum), Basel, 1997;
Cityscapes (Stadtansichten), Eidgenössisch Technische Hochschule Zürich (ETHZ), Zurich, 2001;
Dentro il Volume. Interior Volume, Spazio Espositivo di Santa Verdiana Facoltà di Architettura–Università di Firenze (SESV), Florence, 2003;
Von innen und außen bewegt. Diener & Diener Architekturmuseum der Technischen Universität München in the Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich, 2004;
Novartis-Campus - Forum 3. Diener, Federle, Wiederin S AM (Swiss Architecture Museum), Basel, 2005;
The House and the City. Architecture by Diener & Diener. Tokyo Opera City Art Gallery (TOCAG), Tokyo, 2009;
Carte Blanche VIII: Diener & Diener Architekten, Architekturforum Zürich, 2010/11;
Architecture and Lego (Architektur und Lego), Rotterdam, 1984; Extension to the “Galleria d’Arte Moderna, Rome”, Project by Diener & Diener presented at the 8th International Architecture Exhibition la Biennale di Venezia. Next. Venice, 2002; “Common Pavilions”, Project presented by Diener & Diener at the 13th International Architecture Exhibition. Common Ground. Venice, 2012
Projects in development.
Renovation of the Museum of Natural History, Berlin, Germany, 1995–;
Karlin Residential and Office Buildings, Prague, Czech Republic, 2006–;
Extension to the Town Museum ‘Schlössli’, in collaboration with Martin Steinmann, and artist Josef Felix Müller, Aarau, Switzerland, 2007–;
Laboratory Building Novartis Campus Shanghai, in collaboration with Sevil Peach Gence Associates, Shanghai, China, 2007–;
Basel East “Bäumlihofpark“, in collaboration with August Künzel Landschaftsarchitekten, Basel, Switzerland, 2007–;
Building for a Law Firm, Kirchberg, Luxembourg, 2007–;
Residential Buildings Richti Wallisellen Zurich, Switzerland, 2008–;
Swiss Re Next Headquarters. Zurich, Switzerland, 2008–;
Masterplan for ‘Dräger’ Industrial Works, Lübeck, Germany, 2009–;
Spa Le Domaine Abadia Retuerta, Spain, 2011–;
Convention Centre–Zurich, Tonhalle Zurich Refurbishment, in collaboration with Boesch Architects, Zurich, Switzerland, 2015–;

</doc>
<doc id="21373923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373923" title="Daryl Dickey">
Daryl Dickey

Daryl Raymond Dickey (born June 11, 1961) is an American football administrator, former coach, and former player. He served as the head football coach at the University of West Georgia from 2008 through the 2013 season. He served as the head football coach at Presbyterian College from 1997 to 2000. He is currently the athletic director at West Georgia.
Dickey played quarterback for the University of Tennessee, where he is remembered for coming off the bench during the 1985 season and leading the Vols to the SEC Championship and a 35-7 upset of Miami in the Sugar Bowl.
Playing career.
Dickey attended Fairview High School in Boulder, Colorado. He initially joined the University of Tennessee football team in 1980, but left the team for a year after suffering an injury. He redshirted in 1982. 
For most of his college career, Dickey was a backup to star quarterbacks Alan Cockrell and Tony Robinson. His lone start prior to the 1985 season came against Army in 1984, when he completed 14 of 24 passes for 167 yards en route to a 24-24 tie. 
During the 1985 season, Robinson, at the time a candidate for the Heisman Trophy, suffered a season-ending knee injury in the fourth quarter of a close game against Alabama. Dickey, by that time a fifth-year senior, stepped in as his replacement, and the Vols held on for a 16-14 victory. After a 6-6 tie against Georgia Tech the following week, Dickey led the Vols to five consecutive victories, helping the team earn its first SEC Championship since 1969. During this run, Dickey threw just one interception in 130 attempts, at one point throwing 106 consecutive passes without an interception. 
As SEC Champions, the Vols earned a berth in the Sugar Bowl, played on New Year's Day in 1986. Their opponent, the Miami Hurricanes, were ranked number two in the nation, having won ten consecutive games, and were in contention for the national championship. Completing 15 of 25 passes for 131 yards and a touchdown, Dickey led the Vols to a 35-7 upset of the Hurricanes, and was named Sugar Bowl MVP. 
Dickey played professional football for the San Diego Chargers in the NFL and for the Memphis Showboats in the USFL.
Coaching career.
Dickey began his coaching career at Tennessee as a graduate assistant coach and then as the assistant quarterback coach; he later became a volunteer assistant at Florida State University. 
Dickey left Florida State to become the quarterbacks coach at the University of Kentucky in 1990 and served in that position before becoming Kentucky's offensive coordinator in 1993 through 1994. In 1995, Dickey became offensive coordinator for Georgia Southern University, a position he held through 1996 when he became head coach at Presbyterian College in South Carolina.
After four years as Presbyterian's head coach, in 2001 Dickey joined the staff of Bobby Bowden as quarterbacks coach at Florida State. He became the head coach at the University of West Georgia in Carrollton, Georgia, in 2008. In 2009, he became school's athletic director. He resigned as coach following the 2013 season to focus solely on his role as athletic director.
Family.
Dickey is the son of Doug Dickey, the former head football coach of the University of Tennessee and the University of Florida.
He is married to the former Kendall George from Knoxville, Tennessee. They have three children together: Karis, Dallas, and Daryl Andrew (Drew).

</doc>
<doc id="21373926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373926" title="Jean McDowell">
Jean McDowell

Jean H. McDowell (later "Burnett", born 22 September 1908 in Edinburgh, died 2 February 2000) was a Scottish freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 she finished fourth the 100 metre freestyle event.
Two years later she won the bronze medal with the Scottish team in 4×100 yards freestyle competition at the 1930 British Empire Games. At the 1934 Empire Games she won the bronze medal in the 100 yards freestyle contest as well as with the Scottish team in the 3×110 yards medley event.
In Scotland she swam for Warrender Baths Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21373928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373928" title="Battle of Chiayi">
Battle of Chiayi

The Battle of Chiayi (9 October 1895) was an important engagement fought during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan (1895). The battle was a Japanese victory.
Background.
On 27 August 1895 the Japanese captured Chang-hua, after inflicting a crushing defeat on the Formosan insurgents at Baguashan. This action was followed by a lull in the campaign, during which the Japanese consolidated their positions and waited for the arrival of fresh troops from Japan. The only significant military action in central Formosa during the weeks following the capture of Chang-hua was a series of engagements in early September around Yunlin. On 3 September Formosan insurgents attacked the small Japanese garrison of the village of Toapona, to the south of Chang-hua. Japanese reinforcements came up, and the insurgents were defeated and retreated towards Yunlin. A Japanese infantry company in the vicinity attacked the retreating insurgents and during the evening of 3 September pursued them as far as the walled city of Talibu, whose defences it scouted. Three days later, during the night of 5 September, the Japanese returned and made a surprise night attack on Talibu. The Japanese vanguard scaled the city walls and opened the gates for its comrades, who poured into the city firing volleys. The Formosans fled in confusion, and by 5 a.m. on 6 September Talibu was securely occupied by the Japanese. Formosan losses during these few days of fighting amounted to 130 killed, while Japanese losses were only eight men killed and wounded. 
Although the Formosans were unable to challenge the Japanese military ascendancy in central Formosa, continuing Formosan guerilla attacks kept the Japanese short of supplies. The island’s pestilential climate also continued to take its toll of the invaders. A severe outbreak of malaria at Chang-hua in early September 1895, worse even than the cholera outbreak on the Pescadores five months earlier, ravaged the Japanese forces, killing more than 2,000 men.
The battle of Chiayi.
In early October, on the arrival of reinforcements from Japan, the Japanese resumed their drive on the Republican capital Tainan. The Imperial Guards Division, under the command of Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa, commenced its march south from Chang-hua on 3 October. On 6 October the division's advance guard defeated a force of 3,000 insurgents at Talibu. On 7 October the division fought an important action against a force of insurgents at Yunlin, driving them from a series of fortified positions. On 9 October the division fought the second-largest battle of the campaign after Baguashan, to storm the walled city of Chiayi, where the insurgents had decided to make a determined stand. 
According to report, the Chinese and Formosans numbered 10,000 men and included both regular and volunteer units. The true figure was probably around 3,000 men, but the insurgents were stiffened by a force of 600 Black Flags, who now fought the Japanese for the first time during the campaign, and also deployed cannon and machine guns on the city walls. After a preliminary bombardment with their mountain artillery the Japanese scaled the walls and broke into the city. The insurgents were defeated, leaving over 200 dead on the field. Total casualties in the Imperial Guards Division in the engagements fought between 3 and 9 October were 14 killed and 54 wounded. The division was ordered to halt at Chiayi and wait until Prince Fushimi's northern expedition went ashore at Pa-te-chui before resuming its advance.

</doc>
<doc id="21373943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373943" title="Navit">
Navit

Navit is an open source and free, modular, touch screen friendly, car navigation system with GPS tracking, realtime routing engine and support for various vector map formats. It features both a 2D and 3D view of map data.
Navit supports a variety of operating systems and hardware platforms including Windows, Windows CE, Linux, Mac OS, Android, iPhone, and Palm webOS. The Win CE version can run on a GPS device like tomtom or cartrek.
Navit can be used with several sources of map data, notably OpenStreetMap and Garmin maps.

</doc>
<doc id="21373964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373964" title="Da Real Choppa">
Da Real Choppa

Da Real Choppa is the third studio album by rapper Choppa. It was released on September 13, 2005 through Roy Jones, Jr.'s Body Head Entertainment. The album featured guest appearances by his fellow Body Head Bangerz and three members of the Hot Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="21373967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373967" title="Jacob's Ladder (Not in My Name)">
Jacob's Ladder (Not in My Name)

"Jacob's Ladder (Not in My Name)" is an anti-Iraq War single from Chumbawamba. This version, different from the one on their album "Readymades", is remixed and contains new anti-war lyrics.
It contains two major samples:
The song can be downloaded from the band's website here.

</doc>
<doc id="21373979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21373979" title="Codex Leicester (disambiguation)">
Codex Leicester (disambiguation)

Codex Leicester may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21374051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374051" title="Castle Hill Village">
Castle Hill Village

Just north of the Thomas River on State Highway 73, Castle Hill Village has a small number of permanent residents along with a number of holiday homes (used extensively during the winter ski season) but no public facilities other than a public toilet at the village hall and a children's playground.
Nearby are the distinctive limestone boulders of Castle Hill. The boulders are located within the Kura Tawhiti Conservation Area.
The village was started by the then-owner of Castle Hill Station, John Reid, in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="21374053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374053" title="Serkan Yıldık">
Serkan Yıldık

He formerly played for Erzurumspor, Erzincanspor, Gaziosmanpaşaspor and Göztepe. Yıldık appeared in seven Süper Lig matches for Erzurumspor between 1998-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21374059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374059" title="Working on a Dream (song)">
Working on a Dream (song)

"Working on a Dream" is the title song to, and first single from, Bruce Springsteen's 2009 album "Working on a Dream". At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards it won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance, Solo.
History.
The song's sunny lyric develops what "Rolling Stone" called "a rare and timely moment of unabashed optimism" for Springsteen, possibly connected to the impending arrival of the Barack Obama administration: 
The title phrase is present in both the verses and chorus, and occurs some twenty times altogether in the song. The arrangement is mid-tempo, propelled by an acoustic guitar with organ and electric guitar washes throughout; the glossy Brendan O'Brien production also features partly submerged "la-la" backing vocals. The instrumental break features Springsteen whistling against a bari sax line.
"Working on a Dream" was first performed during Springsteen's November 2, 2008 appearance in Cleveland for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, in an acoustic performance accompanied by Patti Scialfa. A chopped-up airing of the recorded version first appeared during the November 16 "NBC Sunday Night Football" broadcast at halftime. 
The intact "Working on a Dream" began airing on radio stations and their websites on November 21, 2008, and was made available for free download via iTunes and the Sony BMG website on November 24. The track entered the UK Singles Chart at position 195 the following week. A music video appeared on some foreign sites showing the recording of the song. The song was a big hit on the American Triple-A Charts, peaking at No. 2, blocked only by "Get On Your Boots" by U2.
"Working on a Dream" had its first E Street Band performance on February 1, 2009, when it was included as part of Springsteen's halftime show during Super Bowl XLIII. This abbreviated rendition featured a full choir backing Springsteen, Scialfa, and Steve Van Zandt delivering the vocals from a pit stage in front of the main stage. Days later, during the Grammy Awards of 2009, Coldplay singer Chris Martin dropped the title phrase into the group's performance of "Viva La Vida".
When the 2009 Working on a Dream Tour began, the song became one of the surprisingly few selections from the album to be included into the show. Augmenting-for-the-tour backing vocalists Curtis King and Cindy Mizelle (two veterans of the Sessions Band Tour) had a significant role to play in the vocal layering, and saxophonist Clarence Clemons performed the whistling break in the middle of the song. Three minutes in, Springsteen inserted a modified version of this "Build a House" stage rap that had been developed during the prior Magic Tour.
Some elements of melody in "Working on a Dream" can be compared to The Beatles' 1966 song "And Your Bird Can Sing".

</doc>
<doc id="21374063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374063" title="Angelos Mavropoulos">
Angelos Mavropoulos

Angelos Mavropoulos (, 1901 in Asia Minor (now Turkey) – 5 March 1979 in Athens, Greece) was a Greek actor. He performed in both theatre and film.

</doc>
<doc id="21374067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374067" title="Naive B cell">
Naive B cell

A naive B cell is a B cell that has not been exposed to an antigen. Once exposed, it either becomes a memory B cell or a plasma cell that secretes antibodies specific to the antigen that was originally bound. Plasma cells do not last long in the circulation, this is in contrast to memory cells that last for very long periods of time. Memory cells do not secrete antibody until activated by their specific antigen.

</doc>
<doc id="21374068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374068" title="Martin Smith (musician)">
Martin Smith (musician)

Martin Smith (born 17 December 1946 – 2 March 1997), was a drummer for Gentle Giant and Simon Dupree and the Big Sound. He played on the first two Gentle Giant albums, Gentle Giant and Acquiring the Taste, before being replaced by Malcolm Mortimore. Smith was a versatile drummer who specialised in playing jazz and blues styles.
Smith died on March 2, 1997, at the age of 50, of internal haemorrhaging. He continued to drum until two months before his death. 150 people went to his funeral, including many fellow musicians, and Gordon Haskell (of early King Crimson fame) wrote the eulogy.

</doc>
<doc id="21374099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374099" title="Sir George Forster, 2nd Baronet">
Sir George Forster, 2nd Baronet

Sir George Forster, 2nd Baronet (21 March 1796 – 4 April 1876), was an Irish politician.
He was born at Baronstown Glebe, co. Louth, the only son and heir of Sir Thomas Forster, 1st Baronet of Coolderry, co. Monaghan and educated at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating B.A. in 1817 and M.A. in 1833. He succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father in 1843.
In 1817 Forster was appointed High Sheriff of Monaghan and then elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Monaghan in 1852, holding the seat until 1865.
He married twice: firstly in 1817, Anna Maria, daughter of Matthew Fortecue and secondly, in 1855, his cousin, Charlotte Jane, daughter of William Hoare Hume.
He died in Dublin aged 80 and was buried at Ballinode. He was succeeded by his eldest son who became Sir Thomas Oriel Forster, 3rd Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="21374109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374109" title="James Thompson (swimmer)">
James Thompson (swimmer)

James (Jimmy 'Mr Swimming') Thompson (August 19, 1906 – 1966) was a Scottish-born Canadian freestyle swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1928 Summer Olympics; he also competed in the 400 m and 1500 m freestyle events but failed to reach the finals. Two years later he won a gold medal in the 4×200 yard freestyle relay at the 1930 British Empire Games. 
Thompson was born in Scotland and in the early 1920s moved to Canada, where he started training in swimming at the Toronto YMCA club. In 1928 the Canadian Olympic Committee selected him for the Olympics as a fourth team member, but could sponsor only three swimmers. Thompson, a machinist by profession, had modest incomes and had to seek sponsors to attend the Games. Later he initiated a government-sponsored swimming program for poor, and between 1932 and 1966 worked as the head coach of the Hamilton Aquatic Club. He was named Hamilton’s Citizen of the Year in 1959, Canada’s Swimming Coach of the Year in 1964, and was inducted into the Hamilton Sports and Ontario Aquatic Halls of Fame. Hamilton’s Jimmy Thompson Memorial Swimming Pool carried his name. He died of cancer in 1966. 
His daughter Patty also became Olympic swimmer, whereas his son Robert competed in water polo.

</doc>
<doc id="21374116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374116" title="London Society">
London Society

London Society was a Victorian era illustrated monthly periodical, subtitled "an illustrated magazine of light and amusing literature for the hours of relaxation". It was published between 1862 and 1898 by W. Clowes and Sons, London. The magazine published miscellaneous articles, short fiction (mostly anonymous), and serialized novels. "The Stanford Companion to Victorian Fiction" called it "an inferior imitator of Smith's "Cornhill"".
Literary contributors included Charlotte Riddell, whose novels "Above Suspicion" (1874) and "The Senior Partner" (1881-2) were serialized; Florence Marryat ("Open Sesame"); and a pre-Sherlock Holmes Arthur Conan Doyle. Illustrators included Mary Ellen Edwards, Randolph Caldecott, Harry Furniss, F. A. Fraser, and George Cruikshank.

</doc>
<doc id="21374131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374131" title="George Forster">
George Forster

George Forster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21374154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374154" title="Steve Fox (footballer)">
Steve Fox (footballer)

Stephen Douglas "Steve" Fox (17 February 1958 – 1 December 2012) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger. He made 278 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City, Wrexham, Port Vale and Chester City.
He was voted Wrexham's Player of the Year in 1981, and played for the club in the 1979 Welsh Cup final. Whilst with Port Vale he was promoted out of the Fourth Division in 1982–83, and was also voted onto the PFA Team of the Year.
Playing career.
Fox was born in Tamworth, Staffordshire. He began his football career as a schoolboy with Aston Villa before playing for local club Tamworth F.C. He joined Birmingham City as an apprentice in 1975, signing professional forms in February 1976. He made his Football League debut a year later, as a substitute in a 2–1 defeat away to West Bromwich Albion in the First Division. Despite "The Times"' reporter's view in April 1978 that "Fox looks a fine prospect", the player was unable to hold down a regular first-team place, and joined Second Division club Wrexham in December the same year after manager Arfon Griffiths paid out a £95,000 fee.
He spent nearly four years with Wrexham, during which time he helped the club to reach the quarter-finals of the FA Cup on two occasions and scored in the final of the Welsh Cup in 1979, in which Wrexham lost to Shrewsbury Town on aggregate. He also played and scored for the club in the European Cup Winners' Cup. At the end of the 1980–81 season he was voted the club's Player of the Year. However he was allowed to leave the club due to pressing financial problems at Wrexham. In 2008, the sports editor of the "Wrexham Evening Leader" selected Fox as a substitute in his "greatest Wrexham team ever".
Fox joined Port Vale in October 1982 after being signed by manager John McGrath as a replacement for the outgoing Mark Chamberlain. He was a regular first-team player in 1982–83, scoring three goals in 35 games, and was included in the PFA select Fourth Division team for that season as the "Valiants" were promoted in third place. He also was a regular the following season, scoring three goals in 47 games, but issued a transfer request and left on a free transfer. He had fallen out with new boss John Rudge, though he later admitted his regret at leaving Vale Park. Rudge said that he "was a skilful wide man who would always create a lot of chances".
Fox followed John McGrath to Chester City in 1984–85 and 1985–86, although he would not feature for the club again after the opening game of the latter campaign against Halifax Town. His contract was terminated in October 1985 after an argument with new manager Harry McNally. This marked the end of his professional career and he moved into Non-League football with Rhyl (of the Northern Premier League), Llangollen and former club Tamworth.
Post-retirement.
After retiring as a player, Fox became a landscape gardener. Fox and wife Helen had two children: Matthew and Daniel. Fox was diagnosed with lung cancer in April 2012, and was given six months to live by doctors. He died on 1 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21374164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374164" title="Nasty Girl (Ludacris song)">
Nasty Girl (Ludacris song)

"Nasty Girl" is the third official single from Ludacris' sixth studio album, "Theater of the Mind". The song features Plies and was produced by Swizz Beatz. The song was released to radio on January 20, 2009.
Music video.
A music video was shot for "Nasty Girl." Just like the music videos for the first two singles this one is directed by Chris Robinson. A "behind-the-scenes" video was shot to prepare for the release of the music video. The video premiered on the Def Jam website February 10, 2009. DRANK, the world's first hip hop relaxation beverage, which has found its way into several rap videos throughout the last six months is featured in the video. It also appeared as the "New Joint of the Day" on 106 & Park February 11, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21374173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374173" title="Alberto Martini">
Alberto Martini

Alberto Martini (November 24, 1876 – November 8, 1954) was an Italian painter, engraver, illustrator and graphic designer. Critics have described Martini's range of work from "elegant and epic" to "grotesque and macabre" and consider him one of the precursors of Surrealism.
Early life.
Martini was born in Oderzo, Veneto and received his early training in drawing and painting from his father, who was a portrait painter and a professor of drawing at the Istituto Technico in Treviso.
Career.
Much of his career was spent illustrating famous literary works. In 1895 he began the first series of illustrations for Luigi Pulci's "Morgante Maggiore" and for Alessandro Tassoni's "La secchia rapita". During this time he had his first exhibit which was a series of fourteen paintings from the anthology "La corte dei miracoli" at the Venice Biennale in 1897, where his drawings of beggars were described as "picturesquely grotesque". In 1898 he moved to Monaco and worked as an illustrator for the magazines Dekorative Kunst and "Jugend". In 1901 he illustrated an edition of "La Divina Commedia". Beginning in July 1905, he produced 132 ink illustrations, which were described as "macabre", for the stories of Edgar Allan Poe which he worked on until 1909 and "inaugurated a period of great creative intensity within the graphics of literary inspiration." His work was clearly influenced by such artists as Albrecht Dürer, Urs Graf, Pieter Bruegel, Lucas Cranach, Albrecht Altdorfer, and Joseph Sattler whose work he had studied.
In 1907, he had his first solo show in London and met the publisher William Heinemann who went on to use some of Martini's illustrations. The death of his father in 1910, brought him back to Italy where he moved with his mother to a country home near Treviso. There he continued to illustrate great literary works such as Shakespeare's "Hamlet" and poems for Paul Verlaine. From 1915 to 1920 he devoted time to painting, mostly pastels, in the theme of woman-butterfly and did a series of "elegant" lithographs titled "Farfalle" (Butterflies) which were good examples of his proto-Surrealism.
At the outbreak of World War I, Martini designed a series of "frightening" propaganda postcards called "Danza Macabra Europea", to be distributed to the allies against the Austro-Hungarian empire. From 1912 to 1923 he continued to illustrate literary works and was commissioned to paint Marchesa Luisa Casati, Countess Revedin and Paola D'Ostheim and others. He continued to have many exhibits in London, Liverpool, Bologna, Milan and at the Venice Biennale. In 1923, he wrote "Vita d'artista". He had innovative ideas about theater and set design which he illustrated and published in the book "Il Tetiteatro" in 1923. The next year he met and married artist Maria Petringa and she became a source of inspiration for many of his works.
Later years.
He became disappointed and resentful toward Italian critics who, in the late twenties, seemed to ignore his work so he moved to Paris in 1928. From 1929 to 1934 he produced a large number of paintings, which he called "paintings with the colors of the sky". Although his wife remained in Italy, they corresponded and saw each other periodically and he returned to Italy in 1934. Around 1940 he published a satirical journal, "Perseus", with drawings and cartoons. In 1946 he was awarded a diploma of honor by the Museum of Fine Arts in Nancy. He did a series of lithographs for "Life of the Virgin and other poems" by Rainer Maria Rilke which he finished in 1952. Alberto Martini continued to paint "with considerable expressive effect" until the end. He died in Milan on November 8, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="21374183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374183" title="Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665">
Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665

The Louisville and Nashville Combine Car Number 665, also known as the "Jim Crow Car", is a historic railcar on the National Register of Historic Places, currently at the Kentucky Railway Museum at New Haven, Kentucky, in southernmost Nelson County, Kentucky.
The Combine car was built at the American Car and Foundry Company located in Jeffersonville, Indiana in 1913; a custom design given to it by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. It was number 865, later numbered 665. It served at least three different branches of the L&N: Maysville Branch, Glasgow Branch, and Springfield Branch.
Its nickname, the "Jim Crow Car", relates to the Jim Crow laws of pre-1965 United States, which allowed for separate facilities for blacks under the policy of separate but equal. A law passed on May 24, 1892, called the Separate Coach Law, specifically declared that railroad passenger cars must be segregated. It is the only preserved two wood side steel car; one of only two ever made. The car is by and weighs . It has a central baggage section separating two passenger sections. Each passenger section has a bathroom where waste was deposited on the rails, and a cast iron stove.
In 1919 the L&N was forced by law to have a separate coach for blacks; often white drunks would be placed in the black car instead of one of those for whites.
In 1958 the car was given to the Kentucky Railway Museum by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.
When "The General" of Great Locomotive Chase fame was undergoing restoration in 1962 by the L&N, the Combine Car was hooked up to "The General" to test how well the engine was repaired. During the trips the Combine Car held several different artifacts related to the Chase, for its passengers to admire.

</doc>
<doc id="21374195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374195" title="Ali Davani">
Ali Davani

Ali Davāni(Persian: علی دوانی) was an Iranian scholar and researcher. 
Early life and education.
He was born on September 27, 1929 in Davan, a village located at the north of kazerun, according to his identity certificate. He left his village to Abadan at his 6 years old. He lived for 7 years with a hunger for Islamic sciences. He went to Holy Najaf when he was 14 and returned to his birthplace after 5.5 years of attaining science and piety. He went to Qom to accomplish his education in 1949 after his marriage.
Scholars such as Sheykh Mohammad Rezā Tabasi, Sheykh Ali Āghā Najafi Kāshāni, Sheykh Kāzem Tabrizi, Sheykh Mohammad Ibrāhim Borujerdi, martyr Ayatollah Seyed Asadollah Madani, Seyed Kāzem Tabrizi, Sheykh Mohammad Āghā Tehrani were his masters in Najaf and Ayatollah's Meshkini, Mar'ashi Najafi, Seyed Mohammad Bāgher Tabātabā'i Soltāni, Fāzel Ghafghāzi, Seyed Mohammad Golpāyegāni, Martyr Sadughi, Allāmeh Tabātabā'i, Ayatollah Borujerdi and Imam Khomeini were his masters in Qom. But as he himself said, Sheykh Ali Āghā Najafi, Sheykh Kāzem Tabrizi and martyr Ayatollah Madani affected him deeply in Najaf. He was affected with the super ordinate rank of Allāmeh Tabātabā'i, Ayatollah Borujerdi and Imam Khomeini in Qom too.
Activities.
Beside scholarship he was involved in activities such as the followings:
In order to disseminate the religious sciences, Davāni chose two methods: authorship and propaganda. He was never misled of titles, posts and other substantial personifications of life.
In 1971, because of some tumults and maliciousnesses against Dār-ul Tabligh and emigration of some of his companions in Maktab-e Islam magazine such as Imam Musā Sadr from Qom and his extreme tiredness from the other hand, Davāni was compelled to leave Qom to Tehran. He followed his mission in Tehran as an "inheritor of the prophets".
He died on January 8, 2007 after a lifetime of working in the fields of anthropology, bibliography and history.

</doc>
<doc id="21374198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374198" title="Arthur Watts (swimmer)">
Arthur Watts (swimmer)

Arthur Watts (1911 – 1962) was an English former freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the first round of the 400 metre freestyle event.
Two years later he won the silver medal with the English team in 4×200 yards freestyle relay competition at the 1930 Empire Games.

</doc>
<doc id="21374205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374205" title="Comin' Back Home">
Comin' Back Home

"Comin' Back Home" is the fourth studio album by rapper Choppa. It was released on July 18, 2006 and was his second album released through Body Head Entertainment, with production by Roy Jones, Jr., Tommy Fingerz, and Scott Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="21374212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374212" title="Open House Arts Collective">
Open House Arts Collective

The Open House Arts Collective is a group of artists, musicians, and art enthusiasts based in London, Ontario. The group is also referred to as the Oh! Arts Collective, an abbreviation of Open House. Its goal is to "motivate, support, and inspire" the London arts community through creative events.
History.
The Open House Arts Collective was formed in 2008 by several groups in London, including the Viking Swimmers of 1926, a previous arts collective; the Yale Speakeasy, a local music venue; and local musicians, including several members of Olenka and the Autumn Lovers.
Many of the founding members currently attend or graduated from secondary and post secondary school in London, Ontario including Fanshawe College, University of Western Ontario and H. B. Beal Secondary School in the BealArt program. The organization is recognized by the City of London Arts Council and the Ontario Nonprofit Network.
Projects.
Open House has organized, promoted or sponsored music and art shows at the Alex P. Keaton, Call the Office, the Yale Speakeasy, the Black Shire Pub, Colborne Street United Church, the East Village Arts Co-op, Forest City Gallery, Chaucer's Pub, Pandemic Nightclub and others with artists from the London area and abroad, including bands from across Canada, the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom.
Open House organized and promoted a White Album Tribute Show at the London Music Club as the Viking Swimmers of 1926. The organization also partnered with the Grand Theatre, Ontario to promote theatre productions. The group is involved with a public art project at the University of Western Ontario with the University Students' Council, including curating a public art space. The group organized a musical performance for Doors Open London's 2009 launch.
Oh! Fest.
The Collective's largest project to date is an indie music festival, Oh! Fest, which takes place during the month of April. The first annual Oh! Fest took place April 24–26, 2009. The festival includes only Canadian talent, including acts from around Ontario and other provinces.
Oh! Records.
Open House Recording Company is an independent Canadian record label operated in association with the Open House Arts Collective. The label supports independent London musicians.
The first official release by the Open House Recording Co. was OH! Compilation One (OH001) a compilation album of 12 London-based bands and musicians on March 21, 2009. The label was also responsible for the reissue of Olenka and the Autumn Lovers' EP Papillonette.

</doc>
<doc id="21374245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374245" title="Minuscule 2818">
Minuscule 2818

Minuscule 2818 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Aπρ20 (von Soden). Formerly it was labelled as 36aK in all catalogues, but it was renumbered by Aland, because two manuscripts had number 36 (36e and 36a). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 12th-century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles and Catholic epistles on 245 parchment leaves with a commentary. The text is written in one column per page, 39 lines per page, the pages are 26 by 20.5 cm. The text is written on a parchment in minuscule.
It contains Prolegomena. The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. The text of the Acts of the Apostles is surrounded by a Catena of Church Fathers. It contains "Martyrium Pauli".
Text.
Aland placed the Greek text of the Acts in Category II. The text of the Catholic epistles is in Category III.
In Acts 8:37 it has a text supported by the manuscripts: Codex Basilensis, 323, 453, 945, 1739, 1891, and several others.
In Acts 8:39 it has an addition αγιον επεπεσεν επι τον ευνουχον, αγγελος δε ("holy fell on the eunuch, and an angel"). This reading is supported by the manuscripts Codex Alexandrinus, 323, 453, 945, 1739, 1891, and several others.
In Acts 12:18 it reads μεγας for ουκ ολιγος, the reading is supported by 94, 307, 431, 1175, copsa, arm.
In Acts 20:28 it reads του κυριου ("of the Lord") together with the manuscripts Papyrus 74 C* D E Ψ 33 453 945 1739 1891.
History of the codex.
The manuscript was cited in Walton's Polyglott, enumerated by John Mill ("Novum Testamentum", Prolegomena § 1390), examined by Wettstein, and edited by Cramer in 1838. It was cited by "Novum Testamentum Graece" (Nestle-Aland 27) in Acts 15:28; 21:25. 
The codex is located now at the New College (58), in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="21374258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374258" title="Isaiah Thomas (basketball)">
Isaiah Thomas (basketball)

Isaiah Jamar Thomas (born February 7, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who is currently a restricted free agent in the NBA. Listed at , he plays as a point guard. He played college basketball at Washington. He has been compared to 5'9" former Washington star Nate Robinson in both style and production.
High school career.
He attended Curtis Senior High School in University Place, Washington through 11th grade, and then transferred to South Kent School in Kent, Connecticut to repeat the 11th grade due to academic deficiencies. He graduated from South Kent School in 2008. At Curtis, Thomas averaged 31.2 points as a junior. He called a news briefing on April 20, 2006 to announce his intention to sign with the University of Washington.
College career.
Thomas received blessings from Nate Robinson, the former Washington Huskies star, to wear his #2 jersey. In an exhibition game against Western Washington, Thomas scored 27 points on 9-of-12 field goals. He scored a season-high 27 points in an 81–67 home win over Morgan State on December 30, 2008. This bettered his previous high of 19 points scored in a 74–51 blowout over Florida International on November 20.
Thomas made an immediate impact upon arrival for the Washington Huskies during the 2008-09 season as he averaged 15.5 points, 2.6 assists, and 3.0 rebounds per game as a true freshman. As a sophomore, the scoring output continued as he raised his averages to 16.9 points, 3.2 assists and 3.9 rebounds per game. He was selected first team All-Pac-10.
Thomas was again named first team All-Pac-10 in his junior year. On March 12, 2011 Thomas scored 28 points and hit a game winning buzzer beater in overtime to lead the Huskies to victory over Arizona in the championship game of the Pac-10 tournament. He was among the final ten candidates for the Bob Cousy Award in his junior season.
On March 31, 2011 he officially announced his intentions to forego his senior season and enter the NBA draft.
Professional career.
Sacramento Kings.
Before the 2011 NBA Draft Thomas participated in his own pre draft documentary entitled "Road To The NBA-The Isaiah Thomas Story". Thomas was drafted as the 60th pick by the Sacramento Kings in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft. He was the final pick in the draft. On February 19, 2012, Thomas recorded his first double-double with 23 points and 11 assists against the Cleveland Cavaliers.
On March 1, 2012, Thomas was named the February Western Conference NBA Rookie of the Month after averaging 12.2 points and 4.4 assists per game in February. This would be the first time someone who was picked last in the NBA Draft would win the Rookie of the Month award. On April 2, 2012 Thomas was once again named Western Conference NBA Rookie of the Month after averaging 13.6 points and 4.9 assists per game in the month of March. Thomas was also named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team and finished seventh in NBA Rookie of the Year voting.
On January 19, 2014, he scored a career-high 38 points in a loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder. Five days later, he tied this total against the Indiana Pacers. On March 18, 2014, he recorded his first career triple-double with 24 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds in a 117-111 overtime win over the Washington Wizards.
Personal.
Thomas was named after former Detroit Pistons Hall of Fame point guard Isiah Thomas when his father, James, bet his friend that his favorite team, the Los Angeles Lakers, would defeat the Pistons in the 1989 NBA Finals (which the Pistons won in a four-game sweep). Even though the younger Thomas ended up being born months before the Finals took place, James had already warmed to the name. However, the boy's mother, Tina Baldtrip, insisted on spelling it 'Isaiah', as she desired a biblical name. Because of his namesake's unpopularity among New York Knicks fans after unsuccessfully serving as head coach and team executive, the fans boo Isaiah Thomas whenever he plays in Madison Square Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="21374259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374259" title="Kris Allen">
Kris Allen

Kristopher Neil "Kris" Allen (born June 21, 1985) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from Conway, Arkansas, and the winner of the eighth season of "American Idol". Prior to "Idol", he self-released a 2007 album entitled "Brand New Shoes".
Allen's "Idol" coronation song, "No Boundaries" and his version of "Heartless" both charted within the Top 20 of the Billboard Hot 100. Allen's post-"Idol" self-titled album was released on November 17, 2009, by 19 Recordings and Jive Records. The album debuted at number eleven on the U.S. Billboard 200. The album's lead single, "Live Like We're Dying", was released on September 21, 2009, and peaked at number eighteen in the U.S. with combined sales of over 1.7 million. Allen's second major-label album "Thank You Camellia" was released on May 22, 2012, and the lead single "The Vision of Love" was released March 26, 2012.
Early life.
Allen was born in Jacksonville, Arkansas, to Kimberly (née Wood) and Neil Allen. He is the elder of two sons; his younger brother, Daniel, is a college cheerleading coach.
Allen's interest in music began very early. He began playing the viola in elementary school and went on to play the instrument in the Mills University Studies High School orchestra, eventually winning a spot in the Arkansas all-state orchestra. Additionally, he taught himself to play the guitar at age 13, and also plays the piano. His musical influences, as stated in his "Idol" confessionals, include the Beatles, Jamie Cullum, Jason Mraz, Pat Monahan, John Mayer and Michael Jackson. Allen played publicly for several years before trying out for Idol, even opening for earlier Idol contestant Sean Michel on multiple occasions. He has described his decision to audition for "American Idol" as a "last hurrah" before giving up his pursuit of a music career.
After high school, Allen moved to Conway, Arkansas, to attend the University of Central Arkansas, where he was a business major and a member of Chi Alpha campus ministries. During college, he participated in Christian missionary work around the world, including in Burma, Morocco, Mozambique, South Africa, Spain and Thailand. Allen also served as a worship leader for New Life Church in Conway and Little Rock, AR, as well as for the Chi Alpha campus ministry. He dropped out of college in the middle of his junior year to pursue music professionally, performing in local bars and working as a shoe salesman to make ends meet. Allen planned on going back to college to finish his degree and "get a real job", but instead was persuaded to audition for "American Idol" along with his brother Daniel and his friend Cale Mills. Kris stated that "If I had not made it through in American Idol, I would have gone back to college and gotten my business degree."
Career.
Pre-"Idol" and "Brand New Shoes".
Allen realized during college that he wanted to play music professionally and began trying to write music. He played his first gig at a local bar in downtown Conway during his sophomore year, and he went on to drop out of college in the middle of his junior year to follow his dream of becoming a professional musician. He worked as a shoe salesman at a sporting goods store during the day to make ends meet and continued playing gigs in Little Rock and Fayetteville at night. In 2007, Allen wrote and self-produced an album entitled "Brand New Shoes" with college friends and bandmates Michael Holmes (drums) and Chase Erwin (bass). The album's title makes reference to Allen's days as a shoe salesman, and only 600 copies of the album were produced, most of which were given to family and friends.
"American Idol".
Allen auditioned for the eighth season of "American Idol" in Louisville, Kentucky, with his brother Daniel, who did not make it to Hollywood. In the early stages of the season, he was among the finalists (along with Allison Iraheta) that received the least amount of screen time. Only several seconds of his first audition (and neither of his Hollywood Week solo performances) were shown, although his group performance with "White Chocolate" (including fellow finalist Matt Giraud) was aired in its entirety. The judges also asked him to participate in an un-aired sing-off with another contestant before they allowed him to enter the semifinals round.
Throughout the competition, Allen received many compliments for his folk-inspired interpretations of modern pop songs. He played several instruments during his performances, including the acoustic guitar, the electric guitar, the keyboard, and the piano. His performance of "To Make You Feel My Love" as part of the Top 11 earned praise from the judges, with Simon Cowell commenting, "I am genuinely beginning to think you have a shot of doing well in this competition." In the finals, he performed his own arrangement of "Ain't No Sunshine" on a keyboard, with a few musicians on stage, which earned praise from the judges. Cowell lauded it as Allen's "best performance so far."
On the first Top 7 night, Allen chose to sing the Oscar-winning song "Falling Slowly" from the indie film "Once". While Randy Jackson described it as "pitchy from note one", Kara DioGuardi declared it "one of your best moments ever." Due to time constraints, Paula Abdul and Cowell did not comment, but on the following night's results show, Cowell stated "Kris, you were brilliant." Allen subsequently received a signed record and other gifts from the original artists, Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová. On the second Top 7 show, Allen brought back the guitar for the fourth time and performed an original, acoustic version of "She Works Hard for the Money", complete with bongo drums and the band on stage. This earned praise from all four judges, with Abdul remarking "There aren’t many men who are willing to shop in the women’s department. You shopped and found a perfect fit." For his second Top 3 performance, Allen impressed the judges with an acoustic arrangement of Kanye West's "Heartless", prompting Jackson to state that he preferred it to West's original and The Fray's cover version. Cowell agreed and said, "I had written you out of the competition but that has changed after that performance." This performance helped Kris move on to the finals and win.
After being voted into the Top 3, Allen returned home to Arkansas and his hometown to film the material for the next two "American Idol" episodes. Allen's homecoming parade was greeted by a crowd estimated to be greater than 20,000. Allen performed at three concerts in Little Rock and Conway, Arkansas, playing many of his popular songs during the competition, including "Man in the Mirror", "Ain't No Sunshine", "Falling Slowly" and "She Works Hard for the Money" at the venues, as well as "Come Together" at the studio of local Fox affiliate KLRT-TV. He accompanied himself on all of these songs with his guitar.
During the final performance show, Allen performed a reprise of "Ain't No Sunshine", Simon Fuller's choice of "What's Going On" and the coronation song, "No Boundaries". During the final results show, he performed a duet with Keith Urban, singing Urban's single "Kiss a Girl", as well as a series of medleys with his fellow Season 8 contestants. Before the results were announced, Allen performed "We Are the Champions" with eventual runner-up Adam Lambert and Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen.
On May 20, 2009, Kris Allen was declared the winner of the eighth season of "American Idol", becoming the first married contestant to claim the title, as well as the sixth winner from the Southern United States (only Jordin Sparks, raised in Glendale, Arizona; David Cook, from Blue Springs, Missouri; and Lee DeWyze, from Chicago, Illinois, were from outside the South). Allen also became the first winner to accept a trophy shaped like a microphone. Nearly 100 million votes were cast during the finale, setting a new world record for a televised singing competition. Unlike the previous season, the winning margin was undisclosed. Numerous sources, including the Associated Press, claimed that the margin "wasn't even close". Allen has admitted that the alleged disparity in votes was a "total surprise" to him.
Certain commentators labeled the win as an "upset" since runner-up Adam Lambert had received a significant amount of media attention throughout the season and was widely perceived to be the show's front-runner. Allen's victory was seen as highly controversial as viewers and the media speculated about the details of the result. However, during the Top 3 results show, host Ryan Seacrest had revealed that the margin between Allen and Lambert was less than a million votes. Fox and AT&T have stated that they "stand by the outcome" and are "absolutely certain" that "Kris Allen is the American Idol".
Performances/Results.
After winning "Idol", Allen made his Billboard Hot 100 debut with five songs charting within the top 100. His coronation single "No Boundaries" debuted at number 11, followed by "Heartless" at number 16, "Ain't No Sunshine" at number 37, "Apologize" at number 66, and "Falling Slowly" at number 94. "No Boundaries" also topped the iTunes singles chart following the "Idol" season finale. On June 7, 2009, Allen performed the National Anthem at Game 2 of the 2009 NBA Finals to a packed house including Adam Levine, Jack Nicholson, Rihanna, Paula Abdul and Leonardo DiCaprio. Following the performance, which was described as "executed to perfection," the announcement was made that Allen had signed a record deal with Jive Records (along with fellow finalist Allison Iraheta). His major label debut was quickly scheduled for a Fall 2009 release.
"Kris Allen" (2009–11).
On his self-titled debut album, Allen collaborated with Claude Kelly, David Hodges, Jon Foreman of Switchfoot, Salaam Remi and Joe King of The Fray. He also worked with Toby Gad, Alex Band of The Calling, Dan Wilson of Semisonic, Chris Daughtry and Mat Kearney for the album. Allen's debut single, "Live Like We're Dying" was released via Z100 in New York on September 21, 2009. On November 6, 2009, his music video for "Live Like We're Dying" premiered on AOL's PopEater.com. "Live Like We're Dying" would go on to peak at number 18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and achieve platinum status with over 1.7 million in combined sales.
"Kris Allen" was released on November 17, 2009. Allen wrote or co-wrote 9 of 12 tracks on the album. In a break with "Idol" tradition, Allen chose not to include his coronation single "No Boundaries" on his debut album, choosing instead to record a new version of his cover of "Heartless" as a bonus track. After its first week of sales, the album debuted at 11 on the "Billboard" 200 after selling just over 80,000 copies. Allen's first-week album sales were the weakest that had yet been seen by an "Idol" champion's post-show debut, although observers attributed this partly to weak album sales throughout the industry at the time. As of December 2011, "Kris Allen" has sold approximately 329,000 copies.
On February 19, 2010, Allen traveled to Haiti with the United Nations Foundation in order to raise awareness for the disaster relief efforts there as the UN and other groups continue to rebuild after the earthquake. Allen made his return to the "Idol" stage during the February 25th "American Idol" results show to share footage of his experiences in Haiti and to perform "Let It Be". This performance was made available for download as a charity single on iTunes after the show.
The second single released from the album was "The Truth" featuring Pat Monahan, the lead singer of the Grammy award-winning rock band Train, on vocals for the bridge of the song. Allen performed the song live at the American Idol Season 9 finale on May 26, 2010. That same night, Allen joined the other "Idol" winners to sing "Together We Are One" to honor Simon Cowell.
Allen hit the road for his first solo tour during June and July 2010 with Green River Ordinance and Justin Gaston as opening acts. He then went on to join a few major tours over the rest of the summer, opening for Barenaked Ladies, Maroon 5, and Keith Urban between July and September 2010. He then opened for Lifehouse during October and November 2010.
Allen officially revealed that the third single off his album would be "Alright with Me" on October 6, 2010. On November 18, 2010, he posted an unofficial music video for the song on his official website to thank his fans for their support.
"Before We Come Undone", a song that Allen had co-written for his debut album, was covered by season six "South African Idol" runner-up Lloyd Cele for his debut album "One"" released April 24, 2011.
Allen co-wrote a song, "Still Got Tonight", with Andrew Frampton and Steve Kipner that appeared as the second single on Glee's Matthew Morrison's self-titled debut album released May 10, 2011. "Still Got Tonight" was also featured in the season 2 finale of "Glee" sung by Matthew Morrison himself.
On May 29, 2011 Kris sang "God Bless the USA" at the National Memorial Day Concert in Washington, DC; aired live by PBS.
Allen co-wrote a song, "Blindfolded" with Lindy Robbins and Toby Gad that appeared on the Season One South African Idol winner, Heinz Winckler's album "24/7/365" released July 8, 2011. The song was released as Winckler's English debut single & performed at the finale of the 2011 edition of South African Idol. The song was later recorded by Allen himself, who included it on his second album.
Allen co-wrote a song, "Raise Your Hand", with Andrew Frampton and Kevin Hughes that appears on "The Voice" season one winner Javier Colon's debut album "Come Through For You" released November 21, 2011. Javier sang the song as part of his Walmart Soundcheck performance series.
On December 3, 2011, Allen along with Grammy-winning singer/songwriter and producer, David Hodges and Andy Davis, founder of Music Empowers Foundation were celebrity judges for The Alchemy Songwriting Competition in Conway, AR. The proceeds of the contest to benefit Blackbird Academy, an arts and music school in Conway, Arkansas.
On December 4, 2011, Allen performed John Lennon's Imagine at Trevor Live, a star-studded benefit for The Trevor Project.
"Thank You Camellia" (2011–13).
On October 7, 2011, RCA Music Group announced it was disbanding Jive Records along with Arista Records and J Records. With the shutdown, Allen (and all other artists previously signed to these three labels) will release his future material on the 19 Recordings and RCA Records brands.
Allen debuted several new songs at an acoustic concert at The Mint in Los Angeles on February 9, 2012. The new tracks he performed were called "Monster," "Out Alive," "Better with You," "The Vision of Love" and "Teach Me How Love Goes". He also performed "Leave You Alone", "You Got a Way", and "Keep that Devil Out", which he had debuted at earlier concerts.
"The Vision of Love" was officially announced as the lead single from Allen's second album on March 6, 2012. The song was co-written by Allen, Nasri, and Adam Messinger, and it is available for download on iTunes and an exclusive version consisting the remix from the Finnish duo Maison and Dragen on Walmart since March 26, 2012. The remix of the track leaked onto the internet on January 25, 2012.
It was announced March 29, 2012, that Allen's second album titled, "Thank You Camellia", would be released on May 22, 2012.
Allen auditioned for the lead role in the 2012 musical film "Rock of Ages", but lost the role to Diego Boneta. Although Allen was considered to be a better singer than anyone else who had tried out for the role up to that point, he had never auditioned for a film before and has said that he did not feel confident in his acting abilities. In an interview with "OK Magazine", Allen said he does not feel that he would have been a good fit for role and currently does not have any further plans to pursue acting.
On September 4, 2012, in part one of a four-part interview with Yahoo Music, Allen revealed that he parted ways with 19 Management when his contract expired in May 2012 and has signed with new management, Pearl Group Entertainment. On September 19, 2012 Allen posted on his WhoSay page that he and RCA had decided to part ways.
On November 7, 2012, the cover of an EP entitled "Waiting for Christmas" was revealed via Twitter. The five song EP includes "Holly Jolly Christmas", "White Christmas", "O Holy Night", "Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas", "The Christmas Song". The EP was released on December 10, 2012.
On December 20, 2012, during an online concert, Allen debuted a new song called "Where Are You Amy?" that he dedicated to those affected by the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.
From January 8 to May 3, 2013, Allen toured the United States on his second solo tour "Out Alive." The tour consisted of 40 dates with bandmates, Cale Mills and Chris Torres, and newcomer Andrew St. Marie on the piano. The opening act for most of the dates was Jillette Johnson. The tour ended in a sold-out Rams Head in Hanover, Maryland.
"Horizons": (2014-).
On January 8, 2014, Allen entered the recording studio with award winning producer Charlie Peacock to begin recording his third post Idol album at Peacock's studio in Nashville. The album is scheduled to be released sometime in 2014. On June 26, 2014, Allen tweeted that his third post Idol album, "Horizons" would be released on August 12, 2014. 
Philanthropy.
Prior to appearing on "American Idol", Allen participated in missionary work in several countries around the world, including Burma, Thailand, Mozambique, Morocco, Spain, and South Africa with the University of Central Arkansas' Chi Alpha campus ministry. In Morocco, during his first mission trip, Allen contracted a rare form of hepatitis that left him sick for an entire year after returning home. Allen credits this near-death experience with giving him the ability to write songs as he was finally able to compose his first original song while recuperating from his illness. A couple of years later, while on a mission trip in Thailand, Allen became moved when he saw a worship leader struggling with poor music and sound equipment during a church service at a refugee camp. He chose to leave behind a brand new guitar for the church to use even though that was the only guitar he owned at the time. His experiences in Thailand inspired the song "Land of Smiles" from his pre-"Idol" album "Brand New Shoes".
Allen is a strong proponent of music education, and since winning "Idol", he has become heavily involved with several charitable organizations that promote music education, including the Music Empowers Foundation and Little Kids Rock. He has stated, "To me, music education is vital to every kid's development, and it can change their lives. I know that if I hadn't had access to music programs in school that I wouldn't be where I am today." For his support of music education in schools, Allen was honored by Little Kids Rock in October 2010. In November 2011, Allen announced that he would be growing a mustache for four weeks to give his fans an incentive to support DonorsChoose and Music Empowers in their efforts to promote music education in public schools. This campaign played a major role in the raising of $80,000 by Music Empowers for music education programs as more than 50% of the donations came from Allen's fans.
Allen has also been a supporter of TOMS Shoes and participated in the company's first shoe drop in Rwanda in March 2010. Following his trip to Rwanda, Allen joined the Barefoot Walk at his alma mater the University of Central Arkansas and performed barefoot to support TOMS shoes and Bridge2Rwanda, an organization that collaborated with TOMS for the Rwanda shoe drop.
In February 2010, Allen traveled to Haiti with the United Nations Foundation to help with relief efforts following the Haiti earthquake. When he returned, he kicked off that year's Idol Gives Back campaign by discussing his trip to Haiti and performing The Beatles' "Let It Be" on the "American Idol" Season 9 Top 24 results show on February 25, 2010. Allen's rendition of "Let It Be" was made available for download on iTunes with all proceeds going toward the UN Foundation's relief efforts in Haiti. Sales from this performance raised over $250,000 for the UN Foundation.
Allen's humanitarian work has inspired his fans to organize charitable efforts in his honor. To celebrate Allen's 25th birthday, his fans donated over $25,000 to Heifer International, enough to pay for 50 cows to feed families in need. Inspired by Allen's support of music education, his fans also organized a donation of over $28,000 to Music Empowers in December 2010. In honor of Allen's 26th birthday, his fans banded together once again to donate more than $26,000 to Direct Relief International toward disaster relief.
In November 2012, Allen visited World Vision's project in Kenya. The visit was part of True Spirit of Christmas tour where Allen also made a short video clip singing Silent Night.
Personal life.
Allen married his high school sweetheart Katy O'Connell on September 26, 2008. The two began dating back in Allen's junior year of high school. Their son, Oliver Neil Allen, was born on July 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21374268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374268" title="Ameristar Casino Kansas City">
Ameristar Casino Kansas City

Ameristar Casino Hotel Kansas City is a stationary boat casino and hotel on the Missouri River in Kansas City, Missouri, owned and operated by Pinnacle Entertainment.
The 140,000 square foot casino has 2,800 slot and video poker machines, 57 table games, a live poker room with 15 poker tables, exclusive high-limit slot and table games areas, and a 184-room hotel that includes 36 mini and 12 king suites.
History.
The facility opened in January 1997 as Station Casino. Ameristar acquired the property in 2000, and it was rebranded to its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="21374285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374285" title="Avalon Hotel">
Avalon Hotel

Avalon Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21374289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374289" title="Joseph Whiteside">
Joseph Whiteside

Joseph Whiteside (4 August 1906 – October 1990) was an English former freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1928 he was a member of the British team which finished sixth in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay event.
Four years later he finished fifth with the British team in the 4×200 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle contest he was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal with the English team in 4×200 yards freestyle relay competition. In the 400 yards freestyle he finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="21374309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374309" title="William Witman II">
William Witman II

William Witman II (1914 - 1978) was an American diplomat. He graduated from Yale University in 1935 and joined the United States Foreign Service the same year. He was appointed as United States Ambassador to Togo from 1964 to 1967. He retired from the foreign service in 1974. He married Melpomene "Melpo" Sasalios and died in 1978. His wife died in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21374311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374311" title="Nonnosus (historian)">
Nonnosus (historian)

Nonnosus () was a Byzantine ambassador under Justinian I. He led a mission to the Red Sea area, visiting Axum, Ḥimyar, and the Arabs.
Upon his return he wrote a history of his embassy, which has survived only in a condensed version form attributed to Photios I of Constantinople. This claims that his father, Abraham, had been an ambassador to the Arabs and that his uncle, also Nonnosus, was sent on an embassy by Anastasius I.

</doc>
<doc id="21374335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374335" title="Rick Smith (American football, born 1948)">
Rick Smith (American football, born 1948)

Richard David Smith (born March 13, 194) is an American college football coach. He is currently the defensive coordinator and secondary coach at East Carolina University (ECU), a position he has held since January 2013.
Early life and education.
Smith is a graduate of Florida State University.
Coaching career.
Smith coached the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team as head coach of the junior varsity team in 1977, then joined the staff at East Tennessee State University for the 1978 season before becoming a high school head coach. He then returned to Georgia Tech as linebackers coach in 1982 and as secondary and punters coach in 1983–1985. In 1986, Smith was the defensive backs coach for the University of Alabama and he held the same position at Baylor University from 1987 through 1989. 
From 1990 through 1995, Smith was the defensive backs coach at the University of Kentucky and became defensive coordinator there in 1996 under head coach Bill Curry. From 1997 through 1998, he was the defensive coordinator for Tulane University, which went undefeated in 1998. Smith then became defensive coordinator at the University of Cincinnati in 1999 and 2000, before returning to Kentucky as defensive backs coach in 2001. 
Smith then was the co-defensive coordinator at Louisiana Tech University in 2002 and 2003. He spent one year as the defensive backs coach for the Berlin Thunder of the NFL Europe in 2004; the Thunder won the World Bowl that season. Smith became the defensive secondary coach for East Carolina University in 2005 and followed head coach Skip Holtz to the University of South Florida in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21374345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374345" title="Leandro Alvarez">
Leandro Alvarez

Leandro Miguel Álvarez (born 4 June 1981) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Apollon Smyrni F.C. in the Superleague Greece.
Club career.
Álvarez previously played for San Lorenzo, Tiro Federal and Talleres de Córdoba in the Primera División de Argentina.
Olympiakos Volou 1937 F.C..
In 2008 he moved to Olympiakos Volou 1937 F.C.. In 2010-2011 season he helped his team to qualify for the Europa League for the first time in their history and finish fifth in their league. He completed this season having made 31 appearances but he did not manage to score any goal in the league. In summer 2011 he was released, because Olympiakos Volou was relegated to Delta Ethniki for their involvement in the match fixing scandal.
Asteras Tripolis F.C..
Later, he moved to Asteras Tripolis F.C.. He made his debut against Olympiakos F.C. in a 2-0 home win. The next season he scored his first goal against AEK Athens F.C. in a 1-0 away win.

</doc>
<doc id="21374348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374348" title="George Auriol">
George Auriol

George Auriol, born Jean-Georges Huyot (26 April 1863, Beauvais (Oise) – February 1938, Paris), was a French poet, songwriter, graphic designer, type designer, and Art Nouveau artist. He worked in many media and created illustrations for the covers of magazines, books, and sheet music, as well as other types of work such as monograms and trademarks.
Biography.
After he arrived in Paris in 1883, Auriol was introduced to typography and book design by Eugène Grasset and became particularly interested in the revival of historical type styles. He created his signature typeface Auriol inspired by the Art Nouveau movement for the Deberny & Peignot foundry, which was used in the work of Francis Thibaudeau and other publishers of the period. Auriol was a member of French bohemian culture, a denizen of the Chat Noir ("Black Cat Café") and long a friend of Erik Satie.
Auriol illustrated playbills for André Antoine's Théâtre Libre and for the Théâtre du Chat Noir ("Black Cat Theater") in the Montmartre district of Paris, one of which became a popular poster.
Typefaces.
All fonts cast by Deberny & Peignot.

</doc>
<doc id="21374369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374369" title="Mike Major">
Mike Major

Mike Major is an American football coach.
Major was the defensive coordinator at the University of Kentucky from 1997 through 2000 under head coach Hal Mumme. During Major's tenure the Wildcats played in the 1999 Outback Bowl and the 1999 Music City Bowl. Major resigned from Kentucky with one week remaining in the 2000 season; his defensive squads had allowed the most points in the Southeastern Conference in each of his last two seasons at Kentucky. 
The split was painful, as Major had been noted for his close personal and professional relationship with head coach Mumme. Mumme and Major first coached together in 1977 at Foy H. Moody High School in Corpus Christi, Texas, as receivers and secondary coaches, respectively; Major would go on to work with Mumme in coaching positions at a total of six high schools and colleges. Major served as Mumme's defensive coordinator at two different schools before working for Mumme in that role for five seasons at Valdosta State University (1992–1996).
Following his departure from Kentucky, Major accepted a position as assistant coach at United High School in Laredo, Texas, in July 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21374378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374378" title="Melicope elleryana">
Melicope elleryana

Melicope elleryana known as the Pink Flowered Doughwood or Evodia is a species of Australian rainforest tree in the Rutaceae family.
Habitat and description.
A small to medium rainforest tree growing to 25 metres tall and a diameter of 60 cm. The natural range is from the Clarence River (29° S) in New South Wales to tropical northern Australia. It is also found in New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. The Pink Flowered Doughwood is usually found in riverine rainforest areas.
The trunk is almost white, of a doughy appearance, with a thick layer of soft corky dead bark. The trunk is slightly buttressed or flanged at the base.
The opposite leaflets are in threes, mostly ovate. 6 to 13 cm long, tapering to a blunt point at the tip. This tree is the favoured food plant for the spectacular Ulysses butterfly, Papilio ulysses.
Flowers, fruit and germination.
Flowers form in a cyme or panicle springing from the old leaf axils. Individual flowers are 3 to 4 cm long, and form from January to March.
The fruit is two to four cell dry cocci. They mature from July to December, spitting down one side exposing a single shiny black flattened seed, 4 to 5 cm long. Germination is unpredictable, starting within 30 days or taking several years. Soaking the seeds for several days appears to remove some of the germination inhibitors.

</doc>
<doc id="21374388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374388" title="Mark Twain Casino">
Mark Twain Casino

Mark Twain Casino is a stationary boat casino in La Grange, Missouri owned by Affinity Gaming on the Mississippi River.
The casino has 665 gaming machines, 14 table and poker games.
The casino was developed by William M. Grace. Following his death in 2004 the casino along with Grace's other Missouri and Iowa casinos were sold to Herbst Gaming (now Affinity) for $287 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21374402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374402" title="Reed Cowan">
Reed Cowan

Darrin Reed Cowan, also known as Reed Abplanalp-Cowan (born July 24, 1972) is an American journalist, documentary filmmaker, screenwriter, and philanthropist. Cowan co-directed the 2010 documentary "" with Steven Greenstreet. The film won a GLAAD Media Award for outstanding documentary film.
Career.
Cowan started his journalism career working as a radio disc-jockey for KNEU Radio in Roosevelt, Utah. In 1995, Cowan worked as a part-time on-air reporter for Fox's KSTU in Salt Lake City, Utah while a student at Utah State University. From there he assumed full-time positions as an anchor for CBS 29 in Bakersfield, California and as an anchor for 9&10 News in Cadillac, Michigan. Cowan next worked as a reporter and weekend morning anchor for KSL-TV in Salt Lake City.
After KSL-TV, Cowan moved to KTVX, also in Salt Lake City. While there, he anchored "Good Morning Utah" and covered the terrorist attacks of 9-11, the kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart, the murder of Lori Hacking, the death of former President Ronald Reagan and the fugitive stories of polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs. For his work, Cowan was nominated and for and won Emmy awards for reporting.
Personal life and philanthropy.
Cowan was born on July 24, 1972 in Roosevelt, Utah, and was raised in the Mormon religion. During his teenage years Cowan had a relationship with Gregory Abplanalp, who attended the same high school as Cowan. Cowan ended the relationship at the request of a church leader and his parents, and went through years of various forms of conversion therapy, then married a woman at the urging of another church leader. During this marriage Cowan had his first child, Wesley, who died in 2006 after falling from a horizontal set of monkey bars. The marriage ended after one year and Cowan re-united with Abplanalp, who he married in 2013. Cowan is also a triathlete.
Wesley's death prompted Cowan to found the Wesley Smiles Coalition, which works with Free the Children to raise funds to build schools in Africa. Cowan also made the 2007 documentary "The Other Side of the Lens", which covers his emotions over his son's death and his experiences with the media attention Wesley's death attracted.
Cowan is also on the advisory board for "Free The Children", a child advocacy organization, and serves as a producer for the youth organization "Power In You". He is also an active supporter of anti-bullying legislation and has worked as a public speaker on the subject of bullying in school.

</doc>
<doc id="21374419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374419" title="Edward the Less">
Edward the Less

The Adventures of Edward the Less, better known simply as Edward the Less, is a 2001 animated miniseries fantasy comedy created by the former cast of the popular show "Mystery Science Theater 3000" for SciFi.com, the Sci Fi Channel website. It tells the story of Edward, a Pudge who reluctantly embarks on a quest to destroy a magic token before it falls into the hands of the evil Dark Person.
Plot.
Edward the Less is a Pudge, a race of short and merry people who spend their days in the Pudgelands dancing, eating horrible food, singing inane songs and whistling. But Edward is frustrated with the overly merry lifestyle and dreams of seeking out a magical city island he has read about, which includes tall people, skyscrapers, pizza and people who ride around in yellow cars and push each other around. Edward decides to leave his hamlet of Pushington Downs, along with his faithful sidekick Soapwort McFuggletoes. During their journey, the duo come into possession of a magic token, which they are forced to destroy so it will not fall into the hands of the evil Dark Person.
Production.
Following the cancellation of the cult comedy "Mystery Science Theater 3000", performers and writers from the show Patrick Brantseg, Bill Corbett, Kevin Murphy, Michael J. Nelson and Paul Chaplin conceived and created "Edward the Less". The miniseries is a parody of the fantasy genre in general, but most especially of J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings"; "Edward the Less" was inspired in large part by the release of "The Lord of the Rings film trilogy", the of which was also released in 2001. The story structure, as well as specific characters and elements of "Edward the Less", are directly inspired by "The Lord of the Rings", including the Pudges, which are spoofs of Hobbits, and the Dark Person, which is inspired by the Dark Lord Sauron.
Michael Nelson created the music, much of which is comical music Nelson considers "a parody of real music." Some of the music was composed on ACID Pro, a digital audio workstation by Sony Creative Software. "Mystery Science Theater 3000" alum Mary Jo Pehl joined the creators in voicing the characters, and Mike Dodge, who served as an "MST3K" writer for a few seasons, was cast as the voice-over narrator. Kevin Murphy said producing and recording "Edward the Less" went very smoothly because the whole crew had worked together before and quickly found their old sense of comedic timing again.
Artists Rich Larson and Steve Fastner, who have worked together on several works of fantasy art including comics and book cover illustrations, created the animated drawings for "Edward the Less". Larson worked with the show creators on "" and was looking forward to illustrating "Edward the Less" because he was often critical of "Lord of the Rings" illustrations and looked forward to spoofing them.
"Edward the Less" was written in three parts, in part because fantasy epic stories are usually structured as trilogies similar to "The Lord of the Rings". Kevin Murphy said it was also structured this way so that the story could be easily continued if Sci.Fi.com wanted more episodes beyond the original 13 they ordered. Murphy felt "Edward the Less" could work well in other media, including a book or a radio series in the style of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy".

</doc>
<doc id="21374490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374490" title="Kingsgate, British Columbia">
Kingsgate, British Columbia

Kingsgate is a port of entry in southeastern British Columbia, just north of the Canada-U.S. border at Eastport, Idaho.
Kingsgate is on the "Columbia Highway", BC 95, the north-south highway in the southeastern corner of the province, opened in 1957. The highway connects with U.S. Route 95, from which the highway takes its number.

</doc>
<doc id="21374513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374513" title="Terry Nelson (American football)">
Terry Nelson (American football)

Terry Nelson (born May 20, 1951, in Arkadelphia, Arkansas), is a former American professional football player. 
A 6'2", 233 lbs. tight end from Arkansas-Pine Bluff, Nelson played 8 seasons from 1973-1980 for the Los Angeles Rams wearing #83. He started in Super Bowl XIV.

</doc>
<doc id="21374519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374519" title="Aleksandr Alov">
Aleksandr Alov

Aleksandr Alov () (September 26, 1923  – December 12, 1983) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter, he was granted the honorary title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1983 (together with Vladimir Naumov). His 1981 film "Teheran 43" won the Golden Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
Alesandr Alov graduated from Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 1951, where he studied under Igor Savchenko.

</doc>
<doc id="21374558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374558" title="Alas de Mariposa">
Alas de Mariposa

Alas de mariposa is a 1991 Spanish film written and directed by Juanma Bajo Ulloa.
Plot.
A poor couple wants to have a boy but instead they get a girl. A boy is born afterwards but something terrible happens, which ruins the relationship between mother and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21374580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374580" title="Etzel (mountain)">
Etzel (mountain)

The Etzel (el. 1098 m.) is a mountain in the Alps on the south side of Lake Zurich in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="21374592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21374592" title="Cristian Rami">
Cristian Rami

Club career.
Rami previously played for Talleres de Córdoba in the Primera División de Argentina and Angers in the French Ligue 2.

</doc>
