<doc id="21368435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368435" title="Trailer Choir">
Trailer Choir

Trailer Choir is an American country music duo composed of vocalists Marc Fortney and Vinny Hickerson, known by their respective stage names Butter and Big Vinny (A.K.A. Bigg Vinny and Bigg Vinny the Mack.). The group began as a trio with Crystal Hoyt and was signed to Show Dog Nashville, a label owned by Toby Keith, in 2007. After recording the song "Off the Hillbilly Hook" for the soundtrack to Keith's film "Beer for My Horses", Trailer Choir charted the singles "What Would You Say", "Rockin' the Beer Gut" and "Rollin' Through the Sunshine" on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. These singles were followed by an extended play called "Off the Hillbilly Hook" and an album called "Tailgate". Hoyt departed the group in February 2011. The remaining members took a small hiatus in 2012, but started touring again in 2013.
Background.
Trailer Choir was founded in 2004 by Marc Fortney, known as Butter, along with Vinny Hickerson and Crystal Hoyt, who are respectively known as Big Vinny and Crystal in the group. Trailer Choir had originally started as a loose association of musicians, usually including Fortney and Hickerson, that played cover shows at fraternities and clubs in order to make some money and have some fun, rather than as an intended career path. Wanting to add original music without losing the audience led the group to writing and playing the party anthem style they are known for. They then started performing original shows during the week, while continuing to play the frat houses and clubs on the weekend.
At one performance in late 2006, a fan named Crystal Hoyt jumped on the stage and took over Hickerson’s microphone, thus becoming a member of the band until she parted ways with them in early 2011. Not long after Hoyt joined them, Toby Keith showed up at one of their original performances on "The Billy Block Show" at a club called 12th & Porter. When Billy Block told them that Toby Keith was there wanting to talk with them, they at first thought he was joking.
The trio signed to Show Dog Nashville, a label owned by Toby Keith, in June 2007. After Keith had them play for the staff of his record label, they were offered a deal on the spot, and after signing on a Tuesday, they were on a tour bus by Thursday as part of Keith’s Big Dog Daddy tour. Keith left it up to them to make it work, so they played anywhere they could find fans, including side stages, beer stands, and parking lots. Hickerson reports averaging 50 pop worms a day.
Trailer Choir's first recording for Show Dog was the track "Off the Hillbilly Hook", which was included in the soundtrack to the 2008 film "Beer for My Horses", in which Toby Keith starred. Shortly afterward, "Off the Hillbilly Hook" was released as a single and was made into a music video. Trailer Choir also released a digital EP on November 4.
In 2009, Trailer Choir issued its second single, "What Would You Say." This became the group's first chart entry, peaking at No. 43 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in May 2009. On June 9, 2009, the group released a physical extended play entitled "Off the Hillbilly Hook", which included all four songs from the digital EP and two more songs. After its release came the trio's third single, "Rockin' the Beer Gut", which became the group's first Top 40 hit on the country charts in mid-2009. The song's music video features Wolf from "American Gladiators". In December 2009, "Rockin' the Beer Gut" re-entered the charts following a "Holla Day Version" released for the Christmas season. "Rollin' Through the Sunshine" charted at No. 50 in early 2010, shortly before the release of the band's debut album, "Tailgate". The band also appears on the track "Don't Mind If I Don't" from Trace Adkins's album "Cowboy's Back In Town".
Their song "Last Man Standing" has been used in promotions for the 2008 NASCAR "Chase for the Sprint Cup," and a high school football show known as "Rivalry Thursday." 
On February 1, 2011, Trailer Choir announced that Crystal Hoyt has left the group to pursue other interests.
In November 2011, Trailer Choir released a new single called "Love Me First" through their own Hollaville Records.
On September 2, 2012 it was announced on Facebook that Vinny Hickerson has a new band. In reply to a follower post that same day inquiring about Trailer Choir he explained that "Butter decided to leave the band due to his new baby." Hickerson is now going by the stage name Vinny Van-Zant.
Personal lives.
Marc 'Butter' Fortney.
Fortney was raised in Ashtabula, Ohio, where he grew-up on rock music. In high school, Fortney was interested in baseball until the audience reaction he got playing John Mellencamp’s "Small Town" for the school talent show made an impressed on him. Although he had played guitar for a while, he didn’t start writing music until he wrote a song for a friend’s funeral. He says of it, “That was the first time I ever put words and melody together. I realized in the future that was what I was going to be.” 
His interest in country music arose while a student at Middle Tennessee State. As a student there, he then started playing fraternity parties in The Butter Band Sometime after Hickerson joined them, Fortney started calling the group Trailer Choir. 
Fortney also worked a variety of other jobs around Nashville during this period. While working as an intern for a record label, he had gotten nicknamed ‘Butter’ by people that related his dancing and goofing around to him being like butter.
Fortney married Emily Robertson of Carter's Chord in a surprise ceremony September 6, 2010 in Nashville, Tennessee. The couple had met while their respective bands were touring together with Toby Keith. On October 16, 2012 Emily gave birth to their first child, a son named Tug Ryder Fortney.
Vencent 'Big Vinny' Hickerson.
Hickerson was raised Vencent VanZant Hickerson in the tiny middle-Tennessee town of Linden. His late father was once a professional guitarist, and although Hickerson didn’t know him well until going to live with him at the age of 13, his father managed to pass his passion for music on to his son. Before that, he had lived with his mother and an abusive step-father. This brought up issues for Hickerson later on, while a contestant on NBC's "The Biggest Loser" 
The difficulties at home eventually lead Hickerson to move out on his own as a teenager, renting a room from a friend while he attended school, worked, and played football. Despite the difficulties he had faced, Hickerson found successes. He was voted most valuable lineman of the year twice at his high school, and by the time he was 19 he was the store manager of the Sonic fast-food restaurant he worked at.
Hickerson learned to play guitar from his younger brother in January 2002, and was writing his first songs by March. While working at the restaurant 10 to 12 hours a day, he started commuting the hour-and-a-half each way distance to Nashville every night. In 2006, with the financial help of someone that believed in him, he finally decided to move there. In Nashville, he ended up renting space next door to Fortney, which led to their friendship and musical collaboration.
In 2011, Hickerson entered the television competition "The Biggest Loser" following a hospitalization in February on Super Bowl Sunday, where he had been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and cellulitis. While on the show he lost 184 lbs., made the final four, and was the runner-up for the at-home prize. The show also aired Hickerson’s marriage proposal to his girlfriend Lori Diaz, which took place at the Grand Ole Opry House with Thompson Square giving a private performance of "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not." The couple was married on October 11, 2012 (10-11-12) in Tennessee. 
Since being on "The Biggest Loser" Hickerson has been traveling around the country as a motivational speaker. He has been speaking mostly at churches because he says "I want to talk to the people who come from where I come from, the people who are down there fighting the battle every single day of life, that are trying to focus on the things they want."

</doc>
<doc id="21368437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368437" title="Abel Hernández">
Abel Hernández

Abel Mathías Hernández Platero (born 8 August 1990) is a Uruguayan football striker. He currently plays for Serie A club Palermo and the Uruguay national team. He is described as a fast player with great technical and impressive heading ability.
Club career.
Nicknamed "La Joya", he started his professional career with Uruguayan side Central Español, immediately scoring five goals in his first four games. He was subsequently acquired by Peñarol, where he established himself as a regular and also gained a spot into the Under-20 Uruguayan side. On 2 February 2009 Italian Serie A club Palermo completed the signing of Hernández, where he joined fellow Uruguayan Edinson Cavani.
He was presented by Palermo only one month later, due to some health concerns regarding a cardiac arrhythmia that led to a small surgical intervention. He made his first team debut on 15 March, replacing Edinson Cavani in the final minutes of a 5–2 home win to Lecce. He then won the Trofeo Giacinto Facchetti with the "Primavera" under-19 team in June 2009.
After missing the initial weeks of the 2009–10 Serie A due to injury and his participation in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup. Hernández played his first game on 29 October 2009. Coming on as a half-time substitute for Cristian Melinte, he scored in the 5–3 loss to league leaders Inter Milan.
On 24 April 2010, he scored in Palermo's 3–1 Serie A win over AC Milan. He has attracted the interest of many clubs, including Inter Milan,
Arsenal,
Liverpool,
Galatasaray and
Paris Saint-Germain.
International career.
Hernández took part in the Uruguay national football team Under-20 squad, and also took part in the 2009 South American Youth Championship in Venezuela.
Hernández also competed in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup, scoring one goal, an equaliser against Ghana.
On 27 July 2010 he was called up for a friendly match with the Uruguay against the Angola in Lisbon. The game, which was played on 11 August, ended in a 2–0 win for Uruguay, with Hernández being fouled for the penalty, which was scored by Edinson Cavani. Hernández then scored the second and final goal for the "Celeste" during injury time.
He was chosen by Óscar Tabárez for the London 2012 Olympics Uruguay Squad. The following year, he was selected for Uruguay's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup; in the final group stage match against Tahiti, Hernández earned a first half hat-trick and eventually went on to become the fourth player in Confederations Cup history to score four goals in one match after scoring a second-half penalty goal in Uruguay's 8–0 victory.
Career statistics.
International.
International goals and caps.
Uruguay's goal tally first.

</doc>
<doc id="21368439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368439" title="Anvita Health">
Anvita Health

Anvita Health is a health care analytics company serving doctors, health plans, pharmacy benefit managers, disease management companies, point-of-care IT systems, personal health record (PHR) providers, and other clinical providers. Anvita Health provides the analytics engine for Google Health. The company is headquartered in San Diego, California.
Anvita Health’s technology helps address interoperability and data sharing concerns by integrating its engine into existing technological infrastructures and “translating” data across disparate platforms in real time.
Anvita Health was founded by physicians in 2000 as SafeMed to help prevent avoidable medical errors. Its name change in 2009 to Anvita Health signaled an expansion of the company’s focus beyond drug safety to also include point-of-care clinical decision support, gaps in care analysis, prioritization of patient interventions, predictive modeling, semantic interoperability, quantitative health risk adjustment, and comparative effectiveness.
Anvita Health recently launched the Anvita Mobile Viewer, which allows Google Health users to access their personal health records via mobile devices, representing the first interoperable PHR viewable on a mobile phone.

</doc>
<doc id="21368459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368459" title="Kurt Schmücker">
Kurt Schmücker

Kurt Schmücker (November 10, 1919 - January 6, 1996) was a German politician, member of Christian Democratic Union.
Kurt Schmücker was born on November 10, 1919 in Löningen, Lower Saxony.
In 1938 Schmücker ended a book printing course and started working in local newspapers. From 1940 to 1945 he served in the German infantry during World War II.
In 1937, Schmücker joined Nazi Party. Schmücker joined the CDU in 1946. He represented Cloppenburg – Vechta in the German Federal Parliament from 1953 to 1972.
From October 17, 1963 to on November 30, 1966 he served as minister for Economics and Technology. From 1966 to 1969 he was served as minister for the Treasury.

</doc>
<doc id="21368463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368463" title="ICHD">
ICHD

ICHD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21368467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368467" title="North Brother Island Light">
North Brother Island Light

North Brother Island Light is a lighthouse located on North Brother Island in the East River in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="21368474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368474" title="Kscope">
Kscope

Kscope is a division/sub-label of the independent record label Snapper Music, dedicated to artists in the progressive rock genre, often bands who are newer to the scene.
The label has released albums by Steven Wilson, as well as his projects Porcupine Tree, No-Man and Blackfield as well as albums by popular post-progressive artists Anathema, Lunatic Soul and Ulver, and progressive rock legend Ian Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="21368490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368490" title="CBPP">
CBPP

CBPP and CBPP-1 are Canadian AM radio stations which broadcast park information in Prince Edward Island National Park, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
CBPP broadcasts in English at 1490 kHz, while CBPP-1 broadcasts in French at 1280 kHz.
The stations are operated by Parks Canada, using facilities owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="21368493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368493" title="2-group">
2-group

In mathematics, a 2-group, or 2-dimensional higher group, is a certain combination of group and groupoid. The 2-groups are part of a larger hierarchy of "n"-groups. In some of the literature, 2-groups are also called gr-categories or groupal groupoids.
Definition.
A 2-group is a monoidal category "G" in which every morphism is invertible and every object has a weak inverse. (Here, a "weak inverse" of an object "x" is an object "y" such that "xy" and "yx" are both isomorphic to the unit object.)
Strict 2-groups.
Much of the literature focuses on "strict 2-groups". A strict 2-group is a "strict" monoidal category in which every morphism is invertible and every object has a strict inverse (so that "xy" and "yx" are actually equal to the unit object). 
A strict 2-group is a group object in a category of categories; as such, they are also called "groupal categories". Conversely, a strict 2-group is a category object in the category of groups; as such, they are also called "categorical groups". They can also be identified with crossed modules, and are most often studied in that form. Thus, 2-groups in general can be seen as a weakening of crossed modules.
Every 2-group is equivalent to a strict 2-group, although this can't be done coherently: it doesn't extend to 2-group homomorphisms.
Properties.
Weak inverses can always be assigned coherently: one can define a functor on any 2-group "G" that assigns a weak inverse to each object and makes that object an adjoint equivalance in the monoidal category "G".
Given a bicategory "B" and an object "x" of "B", there is an "automorphism 2-group" of "x" in "B", written Aut"B"("x"). The objects are the automorphisms of "x", with multiplication given by composition, and the morphisms are the invertible 2-morphisms between these. If "B" is a 2-groupoid (so all objects and morphisms are weakly invertible) and "x" is its only object, then Aut"B"("x") is the only data left in "B". Thus, 2-groups may be identified with one-object 2-groupoids, much as groups may be idenitified with one-object groupoids and monoidal categories may be identified with one-object bicategories.
If "G" is a strict 2-group, then the objects of "G" form a group, called the "underlying group" of "G" and written "G"0. This will not work for arbitrary 2-groups; however, if one identifies isomorphic objects, then the equivalence classes form a group, called the "fundamental group" of "G" and written π1("G"). (Note that even for a strict 2-group, the fundamental group will only be a quotient group of the underlying group.)
As a monoidal category, any 2-group "G" has a unit object "I""G". The automorphism group of "I""G" is an abelian group by the Eckmann–Hilton argument, written Aut("I""G") or π2("G").
The fundamental group of "G" acts on either side of π2("G"), and the associator of "G" (as a monoidal category) defines an element of the cohomology group H3(π1("G"),π2("G")). In fact, 2-groups are classified in this way: given a group π1, an abelian group π2, a group action of π1 on π2, and an element of H3(π1,π2), there is a unique (up to equivalence) 2-group "G" with π1("G") isomorphic to π1, π2("G") isomorphic to π2, and the other data corresponding.
Fundamental 2-group.
Given a topological space "X" and a point "x" in that space, there is a "fundamental 2-group" of "X" at "x", written Π2("X","x"). As a monoidal category, the objects are loops at "x", with multiplication given by concatenation, and the morphisms are basepoint-preserving homotopies between loops, with these morphisms identified if they are themselves homotopic. 
Conversely, given any 2-group "G", one can find a unique (up to weak homotopy equivalence) pointed connected space whose fundamental 2-group is "G" and whose homotopy groups π"n" are trivial for "n" > 2. In this way, 2-groups classify pointed connected weak homotopy 2-types. This is a generalisation of the construction of Eilenberg–Mac Lane spaces.
If "X" is a topological space with basepoint "x", then the fundamental group of "X" at "x" is the same as the fundamental group of the fundamental 2-group of "X" at "x"; that is,
This fact is the origin of the term "fundamental" in both of its 2-group instances.
Similarly,
Thus, both the first and second homotopy groups of a space are contained within its fundamental 2-group. As this 2-group also defines an action of π1("X","x") on π2("X","x") and an element of the cohomology group H3(π1("X","x"),π2("X","x")), this is precisely the data needed to form the Postnikov tower of "X" if "X" is a pointed connected homotopy 2-type.

</doc>
<doc id="21368497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368497" title="Fiske Kimball">
Fiske Kimball

Sidney Fiske Kimball (1888 – 1955) was an American architect, architectural historian and museum director. A pioneer in the field of architectural preservation in the United States, he played a leading part in the restoration of Monticello and Stratford Hall Plantation in Virginia.
Over his nearly-30-year tenure as director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, he moved the museum into its current building and greatly expanded its collections.
Biography.
Kimball was born in Newton, Massachusetts on December 8, 1888.
He was educated at Harvard University, where he took both his bachelor's and master's degrees in architecture. He then taught at the University of Illinois and the University of Michigan, receiving a Ph.D from the latter institution in 1915.
In 1919, Kimball was appointed to head the newly formed department of art and architecture at the University of Virginia. While at the University of Virginia, he served as the supervising architect for Memorial Gymnasium (built in 1924), and the McIntire Amphitheatre on grounds at the university. He also designed the campus of Woodberry Forest School.
In 1923, Kimball left the University of Virginia to establish the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University. In 1925, he was appointed director of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, where he served until his retirement in January 1955. During his first year in Philadelphia, he lived in and restored the Mount Pleasant mansion.Kimball was a consultant on numerous other restoration projects, including Monticello, Gunston Hall, Stratford Hall, and Colonial Williamsburg.
Kimball continued to work on projects in Virginia. Kimball designed his own home, "Shack Mountain", in Albemarle County, Virginia, not from far Monticello. Kimball used Jefferson's architectural principles as the basis of his design of "Shack Mountain", short for Shackelford Mountain, the surname of a branch of Jefferson's descendants. Built in 1935-1936, "Shack Mountain" is a Jefferson-style pavilion, like Monticello, that is considered Kimball's masterpiece."Shack Mountain" was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1992.
Fiske Kimball died in Munich, Germany, on August 14, 1955. He and his wife are buried at Monticello Memorial Gardens on Monticello Mountain, about a mile from Monticello.He is commemorated by the Fiske Kimball Fine Arts Library at the University of Virginia.
Marriage.
Kimball married, in June 1913, Marie Christina Goebel (1889–1955), the half Dutch, half German daughter of Julius Goebel, a professor of Germanic languages at the University of Illinois. She eventually was the recipient of two Guggenheim Fellowships and served as Monticello's first curator (1944–55). She also wrote a three-volume biography of Jefferson.

</doc>
<doc id="21368498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368498" title="Richeza of Sweden, Duchess of Poland">
Richeza of Sweden, Duchess of Poland

Richeza of Sweden (, ; b. between 1265 and 1270 – d. before 1292), was a Swedish princess member of the House of Bjelbo and by marriage Duchess of Greater Poland during 1285-1292 and High Duchess consort of Poland during 1290-1291.
She was a daughter of Valdemar, King of Sweden and Sophia of Denmark, daughter of the King Eric IV. 
Life.
Her exact date of birth is unknown, but is generally placed as the third daughter and fifth child born from her parents' marriage (at all, they had seven children, two sons and five daughters). She was certainly born before 1273, because by that year she and her sister Katharina were considered for a possible marriage with Otto, only son and heir of John, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. However, the marriage negociations ended without results. 
In 1275, King Valdemar was deposed by his own brother Magnus, and one year later his wife Sophia divorce him and returned to Denmark. Apparently, young Rikissa and her siblings remained in Sweden probably under the care of their father, because her marriage by proxy with Przemysł II, Duke of Greater Poland, took place in the Swedish city of Nyköping on 11 Ocotber 1285. In the same ceremony, Rikissa's younger sister Marianna (or Marina), was married with a German nobleman, Count Rudolph II of Diepholz. Rikissa's marriage, concluded through the mediation of the House of Ascania, rulers of Brandenburg, was performed without the consent of her father, ex-King Valdemar.
In the proxy marriage the Polish Duke was represented by the notary Tylon, one of his closest subjects. There is no information about when and where took place the formal marriage between Przemysł II and Rikissa.
Traditionally, Rikissa and Przemysł II's marriage is described as happy. Their only child was born on 1 September 1288 in the city of Poznań: a daughter, named Ryksa, who later became in Queen consort of Bohemia and Poland as a wife of Wenceslaus II and after his death, of Rudolph III of Habsburg. 
The news of the birth of her daughter were also the latest informations about Rikissa. She certainly died between 1 September 1288 and before 13 April 1293, most likely between 1289-1292. The reports of Jan Długosz, who placed her next to her husband in his royal coronation on 26 June 1295, proved to be erroneous. 
The deep and strong feelings of Przemysł II for Rikissa are evidenced in two facts: firstly, he named their daughter after her, and secondly, he mentioned her in a document issued on 19 April 1293 where Przemysł II ceded to the Bishopric of Poznań the village of Kobylniki as payment for a lamp lit eternally at Rikissa's tomb, and also expressed his desire to be buried next to her.
Rikissa was buried in the Archcathedral Basilica of St. Peter and St. Paul in Poznań. After Przemysł II's murder in 1296 and following his wishes, he was buried next to her.

</doc>
<doc id="21368503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368503" title="Saint Paul's, Saint Helena">
Saint Paul's, Saint Helena

St. Paul's is a dispersed area of settlement in the central part of the island of Saint Helena, and is a district of the island. In 2008 the district had a population of 795, compared to a population of 908 in 1998. This makes it more populous than the capital of the island, Jamestown.
It is named after the Anglican St Paul's Cathedral, which is located there, and also within the district is Plantation House, the Governor's official residence.
Other settlements in the district include New Ground and Thompson's Hill. The island's main school is situated in St Paul's — the Prince Andrew School.

</doc>
<doc id="21368509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368509" title="Jerry Donovan">
Jerry Donovan

Jeremiah Francis Donovan was a Major League Baseball catcher. He played one season in the major leagues for the Philadelphia Phillies in . His brother, Tom Donovan, was a major league outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="21368510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368510" title="James Peake (footballer)">
James Peake (footballer)

James Peake was a footballer who played inside-left for Burslem Port Vale and Millwall Athletic.
Playing career.
Peake signed for Midland Football League side Burslem Port Vale from Crewe Alexandra in January 1987. The club were re-elected to the Football League in summer 1898, and Peake was top scorer for the 1898–99 season with 17 strikes, 11 of which came in the Second Division. He scored against Barnsley, Small Heath, and Manchester City; scored twice in games against Loughborough and Blackpool, and also scored four goals past Blackpool at the Athletic Ground on 21 January 1899. He also hit three goals in the qualifying stages of the FA Cup, hitting two past Wellington Town and one past Burton Wanderers.
In May 1899, he left for Millwall Athletic, then a Southern League club. After helping the club to a seventh place finish in 1899–1900, he returned to Burslem Port Vale in summer 1900. He bagged seven goals in 31 league and cup games in 1900–01, finding the net against Burnley, Gainsborough Trinity, Burton Swifts, Stockport County, Chesterfield (twice), and New Brighton Tower. He departed the club again, never to return to the Football League. He made a total of 98 appearances (50 in the Football League) and scored 30 goals (18 in the Football League) for Burslem Port Vale within two spells.

</doc>
<doc id="21368518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368518" title="The Hidden One">
The Hidden One

The Hidden One () is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21368530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368530" title="Maserati Grand Prix results">
Maserati Grand Prix results

Works team results.
These are the complete World Championship Grand Prix results for Officine Alfieri Maserati, the works Maserati team.
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position, results in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 
† Indicates shared drive
Results of other Maserati cars.
† Indicates shared drive

</doc>
<doc id="21368538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368538" title="Shameboy">
Shameboy

Shameboy is a Belgian music band created in 2004 by Buscemi drummer Luuk Cox (who also worked as a producer for Arsenal and Anton Walgrave) and DJ Bobby Ewing, who is a member of Discobar Galaxie and former official city DJ of Leuven.
Their first single Rechoque held the first position of the Flemish dance chart Ultratop for 10 weeks.
Their music can be linked to the techno style of Kraftwerk and Chemical Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="21368543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368543" title="Party organizer (disambiguation)">
Party organizer (disambiguation)

A party organizer is a person whose duty is to establish a local party organization.
Party organizer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21368556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368556" title="Lago di Mognola">
Lago di Mognola

Lago di Mognola is a lake above Fusio in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 2003 m.

</doc>
<doc id="21368558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368558" title="Party organizer">
Party organizer

A party organizer or local party organizer is a position in some political parties in charge of the establishing a party organization in a certain locality.
Herbert Ames wrote in his 1911 article "Organization of Political Parties in Canada" :
It is the aim of the party to have every county in Canada come under the supervision of some permanent organization. <...> A central office <...> is created for such a group. Here is installed a salaried official, "party organizer". His duty is to revive existing local political organizations throughout the constituencies, to assist their members by correspondence and occasional visits, and, where there is as yet no political club, to gather together the sympathetic, and aid in forming a working combination. The main objective of the party organizer is to create the machinery whereby a truly representative convention may be convened, and acceptable candidate chosen, and the organization for securing success at the polls brought into being. 

</doc>
<doc id="21368564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368564" title="St. John's Church, Saldus">
St. John's Church, Saldus

Saldus St.John's church, in Latvia, was officially dedicated on August 27, 1900, after a long history of use and centuries of reconstruction. The first wooden church was built in 1461. The second, also made of wood, was built in 1530 and then renovated in 1567. The masonry church was built between 1614-1615 and financed by Wilhelm Duke.
The fifth church in Saldus was built in 1737 on the hill where the present church stands. It was reconstructed in 1825.
In 1898 the old church was torn down. Architect Wilhelm Neumann designed the church. Construction took place from 1898 to 1899 and cost 19,700 rubles.The completed church was named in honor of St. John. (Wilhelm Neumann also designed the Latvian National Museum of Art and the Jaunsvente Manor.)
The church was reconstructed in 1938 for a sum of 15,000 lats. The artist Ansis Bērziņš led the renovation of the interior and furnishings.
The retreating German army bombed the church tower in 1944. The roof was also damaged. A temporary wooden tower was built in 1945-1946.
Demolition of the temporary tower began on June 13, 1981, and the construction of the new tower began ten days later. Saldus architect Edgars Krūmiņš designed the tower and V. Krivans made the rooster at the top of the spire. The renovated church was dedicated on August 1, 1982. The underground tombs were opened and researched during a renovation in 1995, when heated flooring was installed. The church facade was renovated in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21368588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368588" title="Gel nails">
Gel nails

Gel nails originally referred to nail extensions made using a hard gel product hardened by curing under an ultraviolet or L.E.D. (light emitting diode) light. However, recent use of the phrase includes many nail services involving the use of gel products, including the very popular gel polish manicure.
There are two types of gel, hard gel and soft gel. Hard gel gets its name because, once cured, is tough enough to be made into a nail extension. Nail extensions are artificial nails created by using a nail product to extend the nail past the edge of the natural nail. Soft gel refers to the gel products that are too soft to create a nail extension. This includes gel polishes and thicker gels meant for gel overlay services. Gel polishes are used for the increasingly popular gel polish manicures. These manicures, when done by caring, experienced, and trained professionals, are gentle to the natural nail and the polish stays intact on the nail for at least a couple of weeks with high shine and no cracking, peeling or chipping.
The product used to create nail extensions using gel or Gel nails is gel, not to be confused with acrylic nails which are created using liquid monomer and polymer powder. All gel services are performed using some form of gel which usually come in pots of gel or bottles of gel polish. Gel also comes in a variety of colors and all forms of gel require curing under a U.V. or L.E.D. light to harden or cure the gel. Curing refers to the chemical process that occurs when the photo-initiators within the gel itself are exposed to the U.V. or L.E.D. light. The chain reaction creates heat while the oligomers combine to form long chains during the polymerization process. These bonded chains are what makes the gel become hard and it's the photo-initiators within the gel product that jump starts the curing process. Usually, once the nail extension has been created there is a residual tacky layer that is removed by wiping with a cotton pad soaked in high concentrate alcohol at the end of the service.
Gel nails vs other artificial nails.
Acrylic nails.
Acrylic nails are a more common form of artificial nails and may also be referred to as "liquid and powder nails". They have been around for decades whereas gel nail products are still a very recent addition to the nail industry. The most popular acrylic nail service is the pink and white which refers to the use of pink colored acrylic and a white acrylic powder to create a long-lasting French manicure look. Just as with gel nails, acrylic nail extension can be created using forms to create sculpted nails or tips. Forms are special stickers that are placed at the end of each finger, under the finger nail, and secured in place so that wet acrylic can be sculpted into a nail extension at the fingernail's edge. Thus, each nail extension is sculpted and why this procedure is referred to as "sculpts" or "sculpted nails." Tips are simply mass-produced plastic nail tips that are adhered to the fingernail's edge using nail resin. Each tip is clipped and filed into shape before applying the wet acrylic and the nail extension is made.
Fiberglass and silk wraps.
Fiberglass and silk wraps are overlay services. This means that a product is laid on top of or "overlaid" onto the existing natural nail. These products are not strong enough to create into extensions so they can only be laid over existing nails. In this scenario, the manicurist will cut pieces of fiberglass or silk and then adhere to the nail with a type of resin. This service is often used in cases of broken nails or to strengthen the natural nail.

</doc>
<doc id="21368596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368596" title="Nail wraps">
Nail wraps

Nail wraps are a method of nail decoration used as an alternative to polish. Nail wraps are commonly made of thin plastic or vinyl with a design or gloss finish. They are self adhesive and can last up to 2 weeks on fingernails and several months on toenails. Wraps made of fiberglass or silk can be applied to broken or split nails to prevent further breakage.
Nail wraps come in a variety colors and designs. Application of nail wraps can be done at home or at a nail salon 

</doc>
<doc id="21368611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368611" title="Kevin Rader">
Kevin Rader

Kevin Rader (born October 6, 1968) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 81st District, which includes Belle Glade, Pahokee, South Bay, and all unincorporated areas west of the Turnpike in Lake Worth, Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, and Boca Raton since 2012. He previously served as State Representative in District 78 from 2008 to 2010.
History.
Rader was born in Detroit, Michigan, and moved to the state of Florida in 1972, where he graduated from Lake Brantley High School in Altamonte Springs in 1986. After high school, he attended Boston University, graduating with his bachelors degree in 1990.
Florida House of Representatives.
In 2000, when incumbent State Representative Debby Sanderson ran for a seat in the Florida Senate rather than seeking re-election, an open seat was created in the 91st District, based in Broward County and Palm Beach County. Rader won the Democratic primary and advanced to the general election, where he faced Connie Mack IV, the Republican nominee and the son of retiring United States Senator Connie Mack III. The "Sun-Sentinel" criticized both candidates, opining that, regardless of the victor, the district would be represented by a "young, inexperienced representative." Despite this, however, the paper endorsed Mack, hoping that Republicans in the legislature would "make sure Mack learns legislative procedure and help the son of the senator become a competent state representative." Mack ended up defeating Rader by a wide margin, with Rader only receiving 44% of the vote to his opponent's 56%.
Rader experienced more success, however, when State Representative Richard A. Machek was unable to seek another term in 2008, and retired; Rader ran to succeed him in the 78th District, which was based in northern Broward County, western Martin County, eastern Okeechobee County, western Palm Beach County, and central St. Lucie County. In the Democratic primary, Rader faced Steve Perman and Steve Nichol, whom he was narrowly able to defeat, winning 38% of the vote to Perman's 36% and Nichol's 26%. He advanced to the general election, where he was elected to his first term unopposed.
Florida Senate candidacy.
When State Senator Dave Aronberg declined to seek another term in the legislature to instead run for Attorney General in 2010, Rader ran to succeed him in the 27th District, which stretched from Boynton Beach to Cape Coral and included parts of Charlotte County, Glades County, Lee County, and Palm Beach County. In the Democratic primary, Rader faced retired lawyer and 2008 legislature candidate Peter Burkert. During the campaign, "The Palm Beach Post" endorsed Burkert and strongly criticized Rader for his co-sponsorship of "one of the worst insurance giveaway bills, the so-called 'State Farm Bill' that would have allowed the state's 15 largest property insurers to charge basically whatever they wanted." Rader defeated Burkert by a slim margin, winning 53% of the vote to Burkert's 47% and advancing to the general election, where he faced former Wellington Village Councilwoman Lizbeth Benacquisto, the Republican nominee. A vicious election ensued, with Rader accusing Benacquisto of committing 105 election law violations, which "Politifact" rated as a true statement, and of supporting making abortion illegal in all cases, "including rape, incest, even to save a woman's life," which "Politifact" rated as "mostly true." Benacquisto condemned Rader's attack, revealing that she had been raped while she was in college and that his attacks "really crossed the line," while still maintaining her opposition to abortion. Benacquisto ultimately defeated Rader, winning 54% of the vote to his 46%.
Return to the Florida House.
In 2012, when the state legislative districts were reconfigured, Rader opted to run for a second nonconsecutive term in the 81st District, which contained much of the territory that he had previously represented in Palm Beach County. He faced Steve Perman, his successor as State Representative in the 78th District, in the Democratic primary. During the course of the campaign, the business community split in its support for the candidates, with Rader scoring the endorsement of the Florida Chamber of Commerce and Perman gaining the support of the Associated Industries of Florida. Perman won the endorsement of the "Sun-Sentinel" in his campaign for re-election, which praised Rader as "a very qualified opponent," but which noted that "there is little in Perman's performance to call for an immediate change." Rader was able to defeat Perman by a wide margin to win his party's nomination, scoring 57% of the vote to Perman's 43%, and advancing to the general election, where he faced James O'Hara, the Republican nominee. This time, the "Sun-Sentinel" endorsed Rader, praising him for his "state capitol experience" that would serve well "the varied needs of a district that runs from suburban affluence to rural poverty." "The Palm Beach Post", however, disagreed, and endorsed O'Hara over Rader, criticizing Rader for being "desperate to get back into the Legislature" and for supporting deregulation of the insurance industry while he served.
Throughout the 2013 Legislative Session Rader served on five committees, Health Quality Subcommittee, Insurance and Banking Subcommittee, State Affairs Committee, Agriculture and Natural Resources Subcommittee (Democratic Ranking Member), and the Healthy Families Subcommittee. Following the 2013 Legislative Session he was named the Financial Services Council Award Winner by the Associated Industries of Florida at the Champion of Business Awards Program for his his willingness to fight for sound public policy for Florida’s consumers and businesses. He was also named the Outstanding Legislative Leadership Award Winner by the Florida Insurance Council in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21368639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368639" title="Dhand">
Dhand

Dhand is a Punjabi surname of the Khatri caste.
Dhands have a family temple of ancestors which goes back to 1695 AD, located at the village Pohir (Tehsil Ahmedgarh) District Ludhiana. It is just about 30 km from Ludhiana on Ludhiana Malerkotla Road. Traditionally Dhands visit this place and pray to our Vade Vadehere (Fore-fathers) for the well being of the new-borns and newly wedded couples and the Parivar (Family). An ANNUAL congregation of the Dhands from all over is also held on the Amavasia (Dark Night) following Raakhi festival, i.e., in the Moon Month of Bhadra following the month of Savan. Dhands as “The Dhand Parivar”, i.e., the community get together and make prayers. It is a common belief that Great Grand Ancestors do shower blessings on the Dhand Parivars. In 2011 it was held on the 29th August at Village Pohir. 
Pohir is known to be the origin of all Dhands who are all settled in the area around under Ludhiana and Sangrur Districts including Village Sidhwan Bet in Tehsil Jagraon of Ludhiana District.
As of today the Dhands have relocated to far off places including overseas such as Australia, Canada, USA, Germany, England, Africa. In India many of the Dhand community have migrated to Delhi, Mumbai, Gujarat, Hyderabad, and Kolkata, they are doing well for themselves in jobs and business. As per few details obtained by Brig Narinder Dhand from Haridwar where family Paandas are maintaining some old records of the visits of Dhand families there, the origin can be traced back to 1300 AD to a village called DHhanduwal near Nawan Shahar in Doaba, Punjab, India.
Dhands family tree.
The tree type details now available with Brig N.K. Dhand, a veteran of the Indian Army who is settled in Noida, India, date back to about 450 yrs starting from Seth Punjaba Mal who lived at Pohir village, District Ludhiana.
One can also see many places named Dhand on the maps of India and Pakistan. It is not known as to how these locations are related to the community.
Notable people.
Very closely related to the name “Dhand” are “Dhanda”. It is not known whether they too belong to the same or a different clan.

</doc>
<doc id="21368655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368655" title="Junior Belfast Giants">
Junior Belfast Giants

The Junior Belfast Giants are ice hockey team that plays in the Irish Ice Hockey League. They play their games in the 1,500 seat Dundonald Ice Bowl in Dundonald, Northern Ireland. The club joined the IIHL for the 2008-2009 season and they also field a U20 team in the IIHL's Developmental Division.
History.
The Junior Belfast Giants were officially formed in June 2007 when the Belfast City Flyers and the Northern Ireland Ice Hockey club combined forces because they felt the best way to further the sport in the area was to form one strong club. Todd Kelman, General Manager of the Belfast Giants helped the club find a main sponsor and allowed the club to use the Belfast Giants name but other than that the 2 teams are not related.
Tesco provided the club with jerseys and socks for every player in the organization, funding for the club, as well as made 10 jobs available to club players working in its stores in Northern Ireland.
Roster.
Roster as of February 2, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="21368666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368666" title="Rowland Williams (priest)">
Rowland Williams (priest)

Rowland Williams (1779 – 28 December 1854) was a Welsh Anglican priest and writer.
Life.
Williams, from Mallwyd, Merionethshire, Wales, was baptised on 27 March 1779. After being taught at a school in the local church and by the vicar of Betws-yn-Rhos, he attended Ruthin School and then (from 1798 to 1802) Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1802 and a Master of Arts degree in 1805. After his ordination in 1802 by John Randolph, the Bishop of Oxford, he was an usher at Friars School, Bangor and also curate of Llandygai. He then held other parish appointments in north Wales from 1807 as vicar of Cilcain, vicar of Halkyn, vicar of Meifod and, from 1836 until his death, vicar of Ysceifiog, Flintshire.
Williams was an enthusiast for Welsh literature and regarded as an authority on the Welsh language. He was involved in literature for the Welsh Anglican church, such as the revision of the Welsh Book of Common Prayer. He contributed to various church magazines and published sermons. He was married with three sons (including the theologian Rowland Williams) and five daughters. He died on 28 December 1854. St Asaph Cathedral contains a memorial window for him at the west end of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="21368677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368677" title="Ekopedia">
Ekopedia

Ekopedia is a free (Creative Commons), collaborative (wiki), and multilingual encyclopedia project dedicated in providing answers and spreading practical knowledge related to environmental sustainability. Their goal is to help everyone become more independent and establish the foundation necessary to build a better world.
History.
Created in Quebec in December 2002 under the name of "Newlimits.org", the project was initially in French and under Free Art License. It was using TWiki wiki application for collaborative edition and in 2004, community decided to migrate to MediaWiki.
The project got over 1000 articles December 10, 2006. In February 2007, English and Esperanto Projects were created. Italian, German and Polish were created in February and March 2008 and the Spanish in November 2008. Ekopedia has about 2500 articles (> 1 800 in French).
The Ekopedia Foundation was created on September 19, 2007
In April 2009, Ekopedia migrated all its contents from Free Art License to Creative Commons (CC-BY-SA-3.0) in order to facilitate content sharing with other projects like Wikipedia, and Appropedia.
Project details.
Ekopedia gives people solutions and practical knowledge in order to act in a more environmentally sound way. Ekopedia is a wiki-based website (like Wikipedia) using MediaWiki. Ekopedia is now licensed under Creative Commons CC-BY-SA-3.0 (after having been under Free Art Licence for more than 6 years).
Ekopedia is developed mainly in French, Polish, and Italian. In 2008, the French Project received 2,3 millions unique visitors and each day, an average of 11,000 people come to visit and participate in the project, which makes Ekopedia the most visited French website focused on ecology and sustainability issues.
Ekopedia articles are organized around 12 topics in order to meet the basic needs of people : Birth, Education, Food, Lodging, Clothing, Art and craft, Thinking, Living together, Health and care, Travel, Play and Communication. There are thus many articles on green building, washable diapers, seasonal vegetables, electric vehicles or even tofu manufacturing.
Ekopedia is differs from Wikipedia as certain types of content and collaboration are . In contrast to Wikipedia, Ekopedia content requires a different approach in selecting and writing articles.
Since the end of 2008, Appropedia and Ekopedia Projects are in active collaboration that could lead to a projects merge.
References.
Press references.
Here is a list of some press references:
Other references could also be found on Ekopedia Foundation Website: [http://www.fondationekopedia.org/Salle_de_press]

</doc>
<doc id="21368682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368682" title="Herbert Smith (professional footballer)">
Herbert Smith (professional footballer)

Herbert William Smith was a footballer who played for Port Vale in the Football League between 1925 and 1929.
Playing career.
Smith joined Port Vale from Littleworth in August 1925. He featured in eight Second Division matches in 1925–26. He appeared 16 times at The Old Recreation Ground in 1926–27. He was again a covering player in the 1927–28 campaign, making 16 appearances. He played 24 times in 1928–29, but the club was relegated into the Third Division North, and Smith was released. He later played for non-league side Stafford Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="21368691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368691" title="Charles S. Kaelin">
Charles S. Kaelin

Charles Salis Kaelin (19 December 1858, Cincinnati - 28 March 1929, Rockport, Massachusetts) was an American impressionist painter. He studied under John Henry Twachtman between 1876 and 1879, after which time he moved to New York City and joined the Art Students League of New York. In 1893 he returned to Cincinnati and worked as a designer for several lithography companies. He moved to Rockport, Massachusetts in 1916, where he painted landscapes and ships. His work is in the collection of the Cincinnati Art Museum, where he exhibited regularly throughout his career.

</doc>
<doc id="21368713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368713" title="There's No Place Like Mode">
There's No Place Like Mode

"There's No Place Like Mode" is the 15th episode in the third season, the 56th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on February 19, 2009. The episode was written by Sheila Lawrence and directed by Bethany Rooney.
Plot.
At a YETI class, Betty is advised to get experience in an industry other than fashion if that's not her ultimate career goal. Betty suggests that each editor-in-training pair up with someone who works at a different magazine to gain more experience. She asks Daniel if he has any non-fashion-related assignments for her and he hands her the job of writing press release about a new designer named Heinrich, who's been added to the Mode show at the last minute. 
For her YETI partner, Betty selects the girl from the New York Review but Jodie pairs her with Matt, the "sports guy." He has to trail her during Fashion Week, including a visit to the enigmatic Heinrich. She doesn't know what to make of his designs of metal, glass, barbed wire and wings! 
Wilhelmina is outraged when a Cavalli dress she'd been planning on wearing does not arrive, and even more so when Marc suggests it's because she's "fallen off the radar" due to all the time she's spending with Connor. Things get even worse when she's seated in the second row at a fashion show, instead of her usual front-row seat. To prove that she still has the power to decide what's in and what's out, she grants an exclusive interview to Suzuki St. Pierre, but gets bumped in favor of a news update about the latest in doggie denim trends. Wilhelmina laments to Connor that she thought she could have a personal life as well as a career and he advises her to "claw her way back." 
Molly dresses up to accompany Daniel to Fashion Week, but is labeled a "frump" in the press, so Daniel arranges for her to get her hair and makeup done by two Mode stylists. When Suzuki greets her as "Ugly Ducking" and wants to know all about her makeover, Molly claims there's a leak at her building and leaves.
Hilda throws Elena a going-away party since Ignacio no longer needs a nurse. "Once the kinky Florence 
Nightingale bit is over, it's done," she tells Betty, but Betty's not so sure it's the end of Ignacio's romance. Betty is proven right when Elena comes down to breakfast the next morning with Ignacio, dressed in his robe. Hilda is put off when Ignacio and Elena make out while she's trying to watch TV. Ignacio insists he has a right to have a relationship and Hilda replies she has a right not to have that shoved in her face. "This is my house too," she yells. Justin tells her he likes Elena and remembers that she and Hilda used to be friends.
Betty and Christina write a jokey press release for Heinrich, one that advises fashion fans to "get their tetanus shot," but it ends up being sent out by mistake. Daniel is pleased with the unconventional approach, however, as is Heinrich, who now wants Betty to produce his show. Daniel tells Betty to simply follow Heinrich's vision, but she has no idea what to do with his vague, contradictory descriptions.
Because the buzz is so high, Daniel tells her they're moving the Heinrich show to the prestigious final spot. Betty asks him to assign someone else, but Daniel assures her that she's going to do a great job. Betty is contemptuous of Matt's offer to take a break from all things fashion by visiting his magazine. He tells her she's prejudged him as 'the sports guy." "I know you think fashion is shallow, but it seems to me that you fit right in," he says and leaves. She runs after him and tells him she'd love to accompany him on a sports assignment. He tries to warn her but she won't take no for an answer, and finds herself in the men's locker room.
Matt admits that he wasn't a sports fan until he got to know the athletes personally, like the Serbian player who plays to support his poor family. "None of this was a natural fit for me," he tells her, "But I found my way in by making it personal," and suggests that might work for her at Mode. Betty takes his advice to heart and researches how Heinrich grew up behind the Berlin Wall and how his father was killed trying to escape. She finally has a concept: The runway will be flanked by an "Iron Curtain," and Heinrich is pleased with her "perfect" interpretation of his vision. 
Daniel wonders why Molly hasn't been returning his phone calls and when he tells Betty about the makeover, she points out, "You basically told her you're not okay with the way she is." Over the phone, Daniel apologizes to Molly, saying that he loves her and doesn't want her to change. He asks how the repairs to her apartment are going and she tearfully answers, "It's more serious than they thought," but she's not at home, she's at the doctor's office. 
Justin has been dying to attend Fashion Week, but, he gives his ticket to Elena, so that she and Hilda will be forced to spend the evening together. The two women end up giggling over the ridiculous Heinrich fashions and bond over their love of stirrup pants and chunky jewelry. Hilda admits that she likes Elena, she's just uncomfortable with the dating situation. Elena suggests they come up with some "ground rules," like less PDA. 
"I think I finally get it," Betty tells Christina backstage at the Heinrich's show. "Fashion is art. It's not shallow. It's courageous. It's beautiful." Christina has her own revelation: She's in labor! And the Iron Curtain is blocking the two back exits, so Betty has no choice but to escort Christina down the runway; Christina collapses right on the runway saying, "I'm going to have the baby here!" Christina can't get out and the paramedics can't get in, due to the crowds. '"It's a fashion disaster," cries Marc, but Wilhelmina sees it as her opportunity to get back on top. She orders the models to raise their wings to shield Christina and give her some privacy. Wilhelmina calls for a doctor and Hilda volunteers "my father's girlfriend," Elena. The birth becomes the event of fashion week and Wilhelmina emerges triumphantly holding the baby as the show's grand finale. 
Matt congratulates Betty on the show and she thanks him for encouraging her to "dig deeper." He confesses he was never interested in fashion, "I was more interested in learning about you." 
Betty asks Daniel what it feels like to have a half-brother. "It makes me miss my dad," he says, and praises her work on Heinrich's show and her ability to connect with people. "You'll make a great editor someday," he tells her.
Production.
This episode marks the birth of Wilhelmina Slater and Bradford Meade's son, the future owner of 50% of Meade Publications. This also marks the second time in the series run, following "Zero Worship", that Betty and Daniel exit the catwalk together as the spotlights are shut off at the end of the episode.
Casting.
This episode introduced Daniel Eric Gold to the cast as Matt for a recurring run.
Viewership.
This episode came third in its timeslot against "" and "Bones", with a 5.1/8 rating and 7.6 million tuning in, slightly up from the previous episode.

</doc>
<doc id="21368732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368732" title="André Willms">
André Willms

André Willms (born 18 September 1972 in Burg bei Magdeburg) is a retired German rower. During his career Willms became a double Olympic champion and five-time world champion.

</doc>
<doc id="21368739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368739" title="Kurai Onrum Illai">
Kurai Onrum Illai

Kurai Onrum Illai (, meaning "No grievances have I") is a Tamil devotional song written by C. Rajagopalachari. The song was written in praise of the Hindu god Krishna and set in Carnatic music. The song was sung by M. S. Subbulakshmi at the United Nations in 1969.
Kurai Onrum Illai is one of the few songs written by Indian politician, freedom-fighter and Governor-General of India, Chakravarti Rajagopalachari. This song is unique due to the fact that it does not assume the tone of devoted prayer as most Hindu devotional songs but one of thankfulness to God. The song comprises 3 stanzas each set in three different "ragas".
Kurai Onrum Illai is a very popular song in South India and is a regular in most Carnatic concerts. It became very famous after it was sung by M. S. Subbulakshmi.
History.
Rajagopalachari, or Rajaji was he was popularly known, was a religious Hindu and a devout Vaishnavite. Apart from his illustrious political career, he is also known to have authored books on history, religion, politics and Hindu mythology. His translations of the Ramayana and Mahabharata are considered classics and are used by American universities as a part of their syllabus on "Oriental Studies".
However, Rajaji is not a popular composer of Carnatic music and "Kurai Onrum Illai" is his sole Carnatic composition that has gained widespread recognition. The song depicts his intense devotion to God.
The date of the composition is not clearly known. The song became popular for the first time in 1969 when Indian singer M. S. Subbulakshmi sang the composition at the United Nations. Rajaji also composed a benediction verse in English which was sung at the same concert. Since then, the song has been widely appreciated and sung in most Carnatic concerts.
Text of the composition.
குறை ஒன்றும் இல்லை கண்ணா
குறை ஒன்றும் இல்லை கண்ணா
கண்ணுக்குத் தெரியாமல் நின்றாலும் எனக்குக்
வேண்டியது வேறில்லை மறைமூர்த்தி கண்ணா
கண்ணா திரையின்பின் நிற்கின்றாய் கண்ணா - உன்னை
திரையின்பின் நிற்கின்றாய் கண்ணா - உன்னை
என்றாலும் குறை ஒன்றும் எனக்கில்லை கண்ணா
குன்றின்மேல் கல்லாகி நிற்கின்ற வரதா
குறை ஒன்றும் இல்லை மறைமூர்த்தி கண்ணா
மணிவண்ணா மலையப்பா கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா
நிலையாகக் கோவிலில் நிற்கின்றாய் கேசவா
நிலையாகக் கோவிலில் நிற்கின்றாய் கேசவா
யாதும் மறுக்காத மலையப்பா </br />
ஏதும் தர நிற்கும் கருணைக் கடல் அன்னை
என்றும் இருந்திட ஏது குறை எனக்கு
ஒன்றும் குறையில்லை மறை மூர்த்தி கண்ணா
கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா கோவிந்தா"'
English transliteration.
Kurai ōndrum illai, Maraimūrthi kanna!
kurai ōndrum illai, Kanna!
kurai ōndrum illai, Gōvinda! 
Kannukku theriyāmal nirkinrāy kanna;
kannukku theriyāmal ninrālum enakku
kurai ōnrum illai maraimūrttik kanna. 
Vendiyadhai thandhida Venkatesan enrirukka,
Vendiyadhu ver illai maraimūrthi kanna-
Manivannā! Malaiyappā! Gōvinda! Gōvinda!
Tiraiyinpin nirkinrāy kanna - unnai
marai ōdum gnaniyar mattume kanpar,
enralum kurai onrum enakku illai kanna.
Kunrin mel kallākki nirkinra varadā
kurai onrum illai, Maraimūrthi kanna!
Manivannā! Malaiyappā! Gōvinda! Gōvinda! Govinda!Govinda!
Kalinānukkirangi, kallile irangi,
silaiyāka kōvilil nirkinrāy kesavā 
Yādum marukkāda malaiyappā – un mārbil
Edum tara nirkum karunai kadal annai
enrum irundhida ædu kurai enakku
ōnrum kurai illai maraimūrthi kanna
Manivannā! Malaiyappā! Gōvinda! Gōvinda!!!
English translation.
Gopal Gandhi's translation of "Kurai Onrum Illai" from the article "Rajaji's unknown collaborator" which appeared in The Hindu dated December 22, 2002.
No regrets have I 
My lord, 
None. 
Lord of the Written Word, 
My light, my sight, 
My very eyes 
No regrets, 
None. 
Though you stand 
Where I behold you not 
My light, my very eyes, 
Protector of all earthlings 
I know you sustain me 
Lord of the Venkata Hill so pure 
You meet my hunger, my thirst 
My hope, my prayer 
You keep me from harm, 
Lord of the Sparkling Gems, 
I need naught else 
Father of the Seven Hills, 
Naught else.
You stand — do you not? — 
Veiled by a screen 
Only the learned can part 
For they are the learned 
Which I am not 
But no, no regrets have I. 
Crowning this hill 
You stand as rock 
Giver of Boons 
Immutable God 
Father to these hills 
No regrets have I 
Govinda !
In this benighted Age of ours 
Lord — 
The worst of all the Four — 
You have entered 
The sanctum 
A shaft of granite 
Where though I see you not 
No regrets have I. 
Boulder of strength 
With the Ocean, 
Heaving on your breast, 
Of the purest compassion — 
My Mother, 
My very own, who grants 
Anything I ask of her 
Can I possibly have regrets? 
The two of you, I know, 
Stand there for me 
Eternally 
No regrets have I my Govinda 
None, none whatsoever 
Govinda! Govinda! 
Govinda! Govinda!
Explanation and interpretation.
This composition by Rajaji is one of its kind, in the sense that the author does not elicit any favour from God but only maintains that he has no regrets or dissatisfaction about anything in life. In this song, he regards both Lord Vishnu or Venkateswara of Tirupathi and his incarnation Lord Krishna to be one and the same and uses the names interchangeably.
Rajaji's grandson Gopal Gandhi believes that there were multiple factors that led to the composition. He also suspects the presence of hidden meanings in the song. He believes that the song had been inspired by an incident which took place in the shrine of Tirupathi in 1925, when Rajaji had defended the right of an untouchable to enter the shrine of Tirupathi. Gopal Gandhi believes that Rajaji compares the untouchable's inability to have a glimpse of his favorite God to his own inability to have a glimpse of the invisible creator.

</doc>
<doc id="21368746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368746" title="Eastern Caribbean Currency Union">
Eastern Caribbean Currency Union

The Eastern Caribbean Currency Union is a development of the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States, this organization is composed of Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines. It is under the supervision of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank. The member countries use a common currency, the East Caribbean dollar, which is pegged at EC$2.7169 to US$1.

</doc>
<doc id="21368766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368766" title="Sioux Lookout railway station">
Sioux Lookout railway station

Sioux Lookout railway station is located in the town of Sioux Lookout, Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line; it is used by Via Rail and served by transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21368772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368772" title="BC Avtodor Saratov">
BC Avtodor Saratov

Avtodor Saratov () is a professional basketball team from Saratov, Russia. The club was founded in 1960 and currently plays in the Russian Basketball Super League, the Russian second division.

</doc>
<doc id="21368779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368779" title="Ulrika Widström">
Ulrika Widström

Ulrika Carolina Widström, (24 November 1764, Stockholm – 19 February 1841), was a Swedish poet and translator.
Born to the organist manufacturer Peter Forsberg and Katarina Maria Grip. She was educated in both French and German.
She debuted as a poet in the 1780s, when she "aroused attention by some poems, published in the literary papers of the day". Her breakthrough came by the publication of "Erotiska sånger" (Erotic songs) in 1799. Her poetry was described as very affected by the Gustavian age. Her collected work was published by Carl Julius Lénström in 1840. This was a success, and was reprinted many times. The same year, she was awarded the Grand gold medal of the Royal Swedish Academy. 
Widstrom was very well known and admired by her contemporaries and artists, such as Carl Gustaf af Leopold, Bengt Lidner, Thomas Thorild and Per Daniel Amadeus Atterbom.
She married Sven Widström (d. 1814), violinist in the royal Capell, in 1790. In 1814, she moved to Mariestad, where she opened a girls' school in 1830.

</doc>
<doc id="21368780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368780" title="IT History Society">
IT History Society

The IT History Society (ITHS) is an organization that supports the history and scholarship of information technology by encouraging, fostering, and facilitating archival and historical research. Formerly known as the Charles Babbage Foundation, it advises historians, promotes collaboration among academic organizations and museums, and assists IT corporations in preparing and archiving their histories for future studies.
Activities.
The IT History Society provides background information to those with an interest in the history of Information Technology, including papers that provide advice on how to perform historical work and how historical activities can benefit private sector organizations. It tracks historical projects seeking funding as well as projects underway and completed. It maintains online, publicly available, lists of events pertaining to IT history, IT history resources, an IT Honor Roll acknowledging more than 700 individuals who have made a noteworthy contribution to the information technology industry, and a database of notable technology quotes.
A continuing project is one of aggregating the locations and content of IT history archival information around the world to facilitate and encourage IT history research and scholarship. This International Database of Historical and Archival Sites currently consists of 1,663 international information technology historical and archival collections encompassing over 49.8 million documents. An IT Hardware database has been added consisting of 12,187 entries, an IT Honor Roll with 1,031 entries, and a Technical Quotes database with over 1,000 entries. These databases are being added to on a regular basis an IT Software and IT Companies databases will debut soon. ITHS holds an annual meeting and conference. 
Leadership.
The current chairman is Jeffery Stein of Peyton Investments. The Trustees, Historical Advisory Committee, and Archival Advisory Committee are made up of distinguished individuals who have created technology, built companies, and recorded IT events as archivists or historians. The Board of Directors also includes David G. Arscott, Leslie Berlin, James Cortada, Peter Cunningham, Gideon Gartner, Brewster Kahle, William Hugh Murray, Frederic G. Withington, George Dyson, Nolan Bushnell, Randy Katz, and Lars Heide.
Membership.
Current membership totals over 700, with fifty percent of the members residing in countries outside the United States. Memberships are divided into three categories: individual, corporation, and institution. Membership is free. Corporate and institutional members include California Institute of Technology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Museum, Smithsonian Institution, Computer History Museum, Deutsches Museum, IEEE History Center, Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM Corporation, UK National Archive for the History of Computing, Intel, Microsoft Corporation, Stanford Silicon Valley Archives, Applied Materials, Symantec, Agilent Technologies Foundation, Internet Archive, History San Jose, FedEx, British Library, Hans Nixdorf Museum, and McKesson Corporation.
History.
The International Charles Babbage Society was founded in 1978 and operated out of Palo Alto, California. The following year the American Federation of Information Processing Societies (AFIPS) became a principal sponsor of the Society, which was renamed the Charles Babbage Institute.
In 1980, the Institute moved to the University of Minnesota, which contracted with the principals of the Charles Babbage Institute to sponsor and house the Institute. A new entity, the Charles Babbage Foundation, was created to help support and govern the Institute, in partnership with the University. In 1989, CBI became an organized research unit of the University.
Around 2000, CBF broadened its mission to support the history of information technology through other organizations, collaborating, for example, with the Sloan Foundation, Software History Center, and the Computer History Museum in experimenting with Internet-based archival and historical research. In 2002, the Charles Babbage Foundation broadened its mission to support the entire IT history community. In 2007, CBF changed its name to the IT History Society and reworked its programs to better support the IT history community.

</doc>
<doc id="21368795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368795" title="Koldun">
Koldun

Koldun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21368805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368805" title="Pico do Roncador">
Pico do Roncador

Pico do Rodeador is the highest mountain of the Federal District, Brazil, reaching above seal level. It is located to the northwest of Brasília.

</doc>
<doc id="21368816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368816" title="Cīrava Palace">
Cīrava Palace

Cīrava Palace (; ) is located in the village of Cīrava, Cīrava parish, Aizpute municipality, Latvia. It is a national architecture monument included in the list of the culture monuments under state protection. The oldest county administrative documents relating to the subsequent estate are no longer found in publications or extracts from the Baltic German historians archives.
History.
The palace has its roots in a time when the Aizpute and Sakaslejas county belonged to the bishopric of Courland. It was built in 1752 as a hunting palace for the German Baltic baron family von Manteuffel-Szoeges. It was an unimpressive, simple building. In 1868 the palace was rebuilt and expanded in the Tudor–Neo-Gothic style by the project of Teodor Zeiler. Interior elements in the palace are partly preserved, there are ornamental plafonds in some rooms and hearth with marble decorations dating back to beginning of nineteenth century. After this reconstruction, the palace became a quite impressive building with very individual forms and look.
On 16 December 1730 the king confirmed that Otto Friedrich von Behr and his wife Katharina, and their descendants, were the owners of the old Cīrava manor. On 10 August 1774 King Stanisław August Poniatowski confirmed Herman Friedrich von Behr and his wife Elizabeth, and their descendants, as the new owners of the estate. In October 1781 the property was inherited by Šarlote Katarīna, and in the summer of 1781 it was acquired by Karl Gothard Ernst von Manteuffel-Szoeges, landlord of Kazdanga Palace. 
In the spring of 1921 the estate was nationalized and became part of the Latvian state, which took hold of the manor, some 700 ha. of arable land and 150 ha. of grasslands. From 1922 until 1951 the technical school of forestry (Meža skola) was housed in the palace. Later it served as technical school of agriculture. The last few decades the palace has stood empty and needs renovation jobs. There are some plans to renovate it and transform it to a hotel.
Surroundings.
The palace is surrounded by a nineteenth-century landscape park. There is also a decorative pond with two islands and a big collection of trees and bushes in the park. G. Kuffalt, the main gardener of Riga, took part in the creation of the Cīrava Palace park.

</doc>
<doc id="21368828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368828" title="Minuscule 199">
Minuscule 199

Minuscule 199 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1254 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 229 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, in 27 lines per page (10 by 8 cm), in dark-brown ink, capital letters in gold. 
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234 Sections, the last 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers, with a harmony). 
It contains the Eusebian tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, with iambic verses, subscriptions at the end of each Gospel, with numbers of Verses, numbers of scholia, 
numbers of στιχοι, and pictures.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
The manuscript was presented by Antonio Corbinelli († 1423) to the Benedictine library of S. Maria monastery.
Birch and Dean Burgon examined this codex. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886.
It is currently housed at the Laurentian Library (Conv. Sopp. 160), at Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="21368831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368831" title="Richan railway station">
Richan railway station

Richan railway station is located in the community of Richan in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Amesdale to the west and Millidge to the east, has a passing track, and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21368834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368834" title="David Littler">
David Littler

David Littler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21368882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368882" title="Red Lake Road railway station">
Red Lake Road railway station

Red Lake Road railway station is located in the community of Red Lake Road in Unorganized Kenora District, northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Quibell to the west and Lash to the east, has a passing track, and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21368886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368886" title="Sredni Vashtar (film)">
Sredni Vashtar (film)

Sredni Vashtar is a 30-minute film, released in 1981, and written, produced and directed by Andrew Birkin. It is based on the short story written by Hector Hugh Munro. It is about a little boy, Conradin, who worships a ferret and prays for deliverance from his overbearing guardian, Aunt Augusta. It won the BAFTA award for Best Short Film, and was nominated for an Academy Award Oscar.
Plot.
The film is set in middle class Edwardian England. Conradin, an orphan, lives with his legal guardian and aunt, Augusta. She is a sadistic figure who oppresses and controls him, on the pretext that he might die because of a genetic blood disorder. His only companions are a Houdan hen called Henrietta, which he adores, and a ferret named Sredni Vashtar, which he keeps hidden in a shed at the back of the garden. 
Conradin reads history books about Actaken Cults, although his aunt has forbidden him to learn history. He imagines that the ferret is a bloodthirsty god, Sredni Vashtar. Inspired by his reading, he makes offerings of bloody entrails and red berries to the ferret. One day, his aunt discovers Conradin's Houdan hen and takes it away. Very distressed, Conradin begs his god Sredni Vashtar to grant him one prayer.
Shortly afterwards, his aunt finds the key to the shed where the ferret lives. She goes to the shed, while Conradin waits in the house. The ferret appears in the garden with blood on its muzzle. Distressed cries from members of the household are heard. Conradin makes himself something to eat and sits in his aunt's place, at the head of the table. 
The film differs from the original story in a few respects. Conradin's cousin, in the original, Mrs. De Ropp, becomes his Aunt Augusta. Also a tutor, who teaches Conradin Latin, is introduced.
General.
Director: Andrew Birkin
Writers: Hector Hugh Munro (story) and Andrew Birkin (writer)
Release Date: September 1981 (UK) more
Genre: Short | Fantasy
Awards: Nominated for an Oscar. Won BAFTA
Cast:

</doc>
<doc id="21368888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368888" title="Philosophy of logic">
Philosophy of logic

Following the developments in Formal logic with symbolic logic in the late nineteenth century and mathematical logic in the twentieth, topics traditionally treated by logic not being part of formal logic have tended to be termed either "philosophy of logic" or "philosophical logic" if no longer simply "logic".
Compared to the history of logic the demarcation between philosophy of logic and philosophical logic is of recent coinage and not always entirely clear. Characterisations include
This article outlines issues in philosophy of logic or provides links to relevant articles or both.
Introduction.
This article makes use the following terms and concepts:
Truth.
Parmenides said "To say that that which is, is not or that which is not is, is a falsehood; and to say that which is, is and that which is not is not, is true"
This apparent truism has not proved unproblematic.
Truthbearers.
Logic uses such terms as true, false, inconsistent, valid, and self-contradictory. Questions arise as Strawson (1952) writes
(a) when we use these words of logical appraisal, what is it exactly that we are appraising? and (b) how does logical appraisal become possible? 
Tarski's definition of Truth.
See:-
Analytic Truths, Logical truth, Validity, Logical consequence and Entailment.
Since the use, meaning, if not the meaningfulness, of the terms is part of the debate, it is possible only to give the following working definitions for the purposes of the discussion:
The concept of logical truth is intimately linked with those of validity, logical consequence and entailment (as well as self-contradiction, necessarily false &c.).
Issues that arise include:
see also [http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/logical-truth/]
Meaning and reference.
See
Important figures.
Important figures in the philosophy of logic include (but are not limited to):

</doc>
<doc id="21368906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368906" title="Junior Aliberti">
Junior Aliberti

Profile.
Junior Aliberti started his career in 2002 playing for Danubio. He stayed there until 2004 when he was loaned out mid-year to Deportivo Maldonado. He returned to Danubio the following year where he played in the Copa Libertadores, he was than transferred to Plaza Colonia during the middle of 2005. 
In 2006 he went to Montevideo Wanderers and in August of that same year he went to Miramar Misiones. 
In 2007 he went to C.A. Bella Vista and was than transferred to C.A. Progreso where he stayed until July 2008. He then went to Club Atlético Cerro. He transferred to Sporting Cristal in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21368907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368907" title="Wild Love (film)">
Wild Love (film)

Wild Love () is a 1955 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="21368917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368917" title="Canyon railway station">
Canyon railway station

Canyon railway station is located in the community of Canyon in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The railway station lies on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Favel to the west and McIntosh to the east, and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21368918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368918" title="Hermine von Siegstädt">
Hermine von Siegstädt

Hermine von Siegstädt (also Hermine Procháska) (1844-?) was a Bohemian operatic soprano. She joined the company at the Vienna Hofoper (now Vienna State Opera) in 1864 where she sang regularly in mostly supporting roles for the next 19 years. She most notably portrayed the role of Astaroth in the world premiere of Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba" in 1875. After leaving the Vienna Hofoper in 1883, her activities and whereabouts are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="21368931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368931" title="George Price (footballer)">
George Price (footballer)

George Jabez Price (c.1878 – 31 May 1938) was a footballer of short stature who played mainly as a forward for Burslem Port Vale between 1896 and 1907.
Playing career.
Price joined Burslem Port Vale in January 1896, and played five Second Division games in the 1895–96 season, at the end of which the club lost their Football League status. He played three league games during the club's two seasons in the Midland League, and played just one game at the Athletic Ground in the 1898–99 campaign, scoring in a 5–0 win over Wellington Town in a FA Cup qualifying game. He scored four goals in 26 league and cup games in 1899–1900, finding the net in league encounters with Small Heath, Loughborough, and Lincoln City. He was then an ever-present for the 1900–01 campaign, scoring seven league goals against: Birmingham City, Grimsby Town, Lincoln City, Chesterfield, Blackpool, and twice against Burton Swifts.
He played 42 games in 1901–02, scoring six goals, including three in the league against West Bromwich Albion, Doncaster Rovers, and Burnley, and two in the FA Cup against Wellington Town. He remained a key figure in 1902–03, scoring 10 goals in 31 games in all competitions; his league goals came against Stockport County, Manchester United, Blackpool, Woolwich Arsenal, Small Heath, Burnley, Glossop, and twice against Lincoln City. He scored seven goals in 37 appearances in 1903–04, netting against Bolton Wanderers, Grimsby Town, Leicester Fosse, Chesterfield, and twice against Blackpool; he also scored against Stockport County in an FA Cup qualifier.
He scored seven goals in 34 games in 1904–05, scoring against Grimsby Town, Liverpool, Manchester United, Doncaster Rovers, Burton United, and Chesterfield. He hit six goals in 38 games in 1905–06, finding the net in league games with Burnley, Chelsea, and Burton United; also scoring against Oxford City in the FA Cup. However he lost his first team place by September 1906, and scored twice in just seven league games in 1906–07, against Wolverhampton Wanderers and Barnsley. He departed at the close of the season with the club in the grip of a financial crisis. He played a total of 263 games in all competitions for Port Vale, scoring 54 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="21368952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368952" title="Wild Love">
Wild Love

Wild Love can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21368961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368961" title="Farlane railway station">
Farlane railway station

Farlane railway station is located in the community of Farlane in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21368963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368963" title="Minuscule 200">
Minuscule 200

Minuscule 200 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 118 (Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 229 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in two columns per page, in 25 lines per page, in light-brown or dark-brown ink, capital letters in gold.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, whose numbers – all in gold – are given at the margin. It contains references to the Eusebian Canons in red (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains pictures, Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, and fragments of Gregory of Nyssa against the Arians. The Synaxarion and Menologion were added in the 14th century.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster Π200.
The pericope is marked with an obelus as a doubtful.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Antonio Corbinelli († 1423) and together with codex 199 was presented to Benedictine monastery. 
It was examined by Birch, and Burgon. C. R. Gregory saw it in 1886. 
It is currently housed at the Laurentian Library (Conv. Sopp. 160), at Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="21368965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368965" title="New Irish Hymns 4">
New Irish Hymns 4

New Irish Hymns 4: Hymns for the Life of the Church is the fourth and final album in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. This album features vocalists Margaret Becker, Joanne Hogg, and Kristyn Getty performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below). Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performed on all four albums in the series. Kristyn Getty performed on nos. 2-4; printings before her marriage to Keith Getty used her maiden name, Kristyn Lennox.

</doc>
<doc id="21368972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368972" title="Joint Monitoring and Implementation Committee">
Joint Monitoring and Implementation Committee

The Joint Monitoring and Implementation Committee (JOMIC) is a Zimbabwean multipartisan panel that was first launched on January 30, 2009, pursuant of the 2008 Zimbabwean power-sharing agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="21368973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368973" title="Hahn series">
Hahn series

In mathematics, Hahn series (sometimes also known as Hahn-Mal'cev-Neumann series) are a type of formal infinite series. They are a generalization of Puiseux series (themselves a generalization of formal power series) and were first introduced by Hans Hahn in 1907 (and then further generalized by Anatoly Maltsev and Bernhard Neumann to a non-commutative setting). They allow for arbitrary exponents of the indeterminate so long as the set supporting them forms a well-ordered subset of the value group (typically formula_1 or formula_2). Hahn series were first introduced, as groups, in the course of the proof of the Hahn embedding theorem and then studied by him as fields in his approach to Hilbert's seventeenth problem.
Formulation.
The field of Hahn series formula_3 (in the indeterminate "T") over a field "K" and with value group "Γ" (an ordered group) is the set of formal expressions of the form formula_4 with formula_5 such that the support formula_6 of "f" is well-ordered. The sum and product of formula_4 and formula_8 are given by formula_9 and formula_10 (in the latter, the sum formula_11 over values formula_12 such that formula_13 and formula_14 is finite because a well-ordered set cannot contain an infinite decreasing sequence).
For example, formula_15 is a Hahn series (over any field) because the set of rationals formula_16 is well-ordered; it is not a Puiseux series because the denominators in the exponents are unbounded. (And if the base field "K" has characteristic "p", then this Hahn series satisfies the equation formula_17 so it is algebraic over formula_18.)
The valuation formula_19 of formula_4 is defined as the smallest "e" such that formula_21 (in other words, the smallest element of the support of "f"): this makes formula_3 into a spherically complete valued field with value group "Γ" (justifying "a posteriori" the terminology); in particular, "v" defines a topology on formula_3. If formula_24, then "v" corresponds to an ultrametric) absolute value formula_25, with respect to which formula_3 is a complete metric space. However, unlike in the case of formal Laurent series or Puiseux series, the formal sums used in defining the elements of the field do "not" converge: in the case of formula_15 for example, the absolute values of the terms tend to 1 (because their valuations tend to 0), so the series is not convergent (such series are sometimes known as "pseudo-convergent").
If "K" is algebraically closed (but not necessarily of characteristic zero) and "Γ" is divisible, then formula_3 is algebraically closed. Thus, the algebraic closure of formula_29 is contained in formula_30 (when "K" is of characteristic zero, it is exactly the field of Puiseux series): in fact, it is possible to give a somewhat analogous description of the algebraic closure of formula_29 in positive characteristic as a subset of formula_3.
If "K" is an ordered field then formula_3 is totally ordered by making the indeterminate "T" infinitesimal (greater than 0 but less than any positive element of "K") or, equivalently, by using the lexicographic order on the coefficients of the series. If "K" is real-closed and "Γ" is divisible then formula_3 is itself real closed. This fact can be used to analyse (or even construct) the field of surreal numbers (which is isomorphic, as an ordered field, to the field of Hahn series with real coefficients and value group the surreal numbers themselves).
If "κ" is an infinite regular cardinal, one can consider the subset of formula_3 consisting of series whose support set formula_6 has cardinality (strictly) less than "κ": it turns out that this is also a field, with much the same algebraic closedness properties as the full formula_3: e.g., it is algebraically closed or real closed when "K" is so and "Γ" is divisible.
Hahn-Witt series.
The construction of Hahn series can be combined with Witt vectors (at least over a perfect field) to form “twisted Hahn series” or “Hahn-Witt series”: for example, over a finite field "K" of characteristic "p" (or their algebraic closure), the field of Hahn-Witt series with value group "Γ" (containing the integers) would be the set of formal sums formula_38 where now formula_39 are Teichmüller representatives (of the elements of "K") which are multiplied and added in the same way as in the case of ordinary Witt vectors (which is obtained when "Γ" is the group of integers). When "Γ" is the group of rationals or reals and "K" is the algebraic closure of the finite field with "p" elements, this construction gives a (ultra)metrically complete algebraically closed field containing the "p"-adics, hence a more or less explicit description of the field formula_40 or its spherical completion.

</doc>
<doc id="21368978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368978" title="Q-Tip discography">
Q-Tip discography

This is the solo discography of American hip hop artist, record producer, and singer Q-Tip. For the discography on A Tribe Called Quest, see A Tribe Called Quest discography.

</doc>
<doc id="21368996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21368996" title="Bachtel">
Bachtel

Bachtel is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps, located between Hinwil and Wald in the canton of Zurich. It lies approximately halfway between the Schnebelhorn (the highest point of the canton) and Lake Zurich.
On the summit is the Bachtel Tower, a tall radio tower.

</doc>
<doc id="21369015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369015" title="Bix (website)">
Bix (website)

Bix was a web service best known for its online competitions. The site provided self-service tools for the creation of contests. After a user created the contest, other members could enter and vote on the outcome of those contests. The company was founded in February 2006 and received venture funding from Trinity Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures. 
The website officially launched in July 2006 with a web-based video recorder that merged a user's karaoke performance to create a contest entry. The site received strong praise from industry experts including Walt Mossberg of the WSJ. Within a few months the site opened up contests for audio karaoke, videos, photos and text. In November 2006 the site switched to a faceoff style voting system, increasing votes from 5000 a day to 150,000 a day. Site votes reached as much as 1,000,000 in a day in 2007. Users voted 25 times per visit on average.
Yahoo acquired Bix in November 2006. The company moved from downtown Palo Alto to Yahoo's main campus in March 2007. Bix generated revenue by running contests for corporate clients. Customers included Extra (TV series), Black Entertainment Television, The Game, Capitol Records and Electronic Arts.
Competitors included Singshot (discontinued) and Worth1000. 
Bix was shut down by Yahoo June 30, 2009.
Bix was also a website sponsored by Byte Magazine (BIX = "Byte Information Exchange"), rather like a social media site before such became popular. The website survived for a short time after the magazine ceased publication in 2001 (there was a July issue, but no August issue that year). The site had forums for virtually every known computer language, most major computing topics of interest, and each forum was run by relatively well-known people in the industry. The site was rather like a bulletin board system, and by current standards was rather crude, but it was very popular at the time.
Patents for Bix.
Automated Reward Management for Network-Based Contests
Network Based Content Creation
Automated Administration of Networked-Based Contests

</doc>
<doc id="21369031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369031" title="Hilko Ristau">
Hilko Ristau

Hilko Ristau (born 24 April 1974 in Bremerhaven) is a retired German association football player. He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2. Bundesliga for SG Wattenscheid 09 on 29 August 1997 when he came on as a substitute in the 31st minute in the game against SpVgg Unterhaching.

</doc>
<doc id="21369038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369038" title="Akiéni">
Akiéni

Akiéni is a small town in Lekoni-Lekori Department in Haut-Ogooue in north-eastern Gabon. It lies along the road to Leconi and is set in a valley on the northern side of the Baniaka River. It is served by Akieni Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="21369051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369051" title="Redditt railway station">
Redditt railway station

Redditt railway station is located in the community of Redditt in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369070" title="Stephan Volkert">
Stephan Volkert

Stephan Volkert (born 7 August 1971 in Cologne) is a retired German rower. During his career Volkert became a two-time Olympic champion and six-time world champion.
Links.
Leverkusen who's who

</doc>
<doc id="21369081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369081" title="Rouven Schröder">
Rouven Schröder

Rouven Schröder (born October 18, 1975) is a German football player.
Career.
He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for VfL Bochum on April 1, 2001 when he started in a game against FC Energie Cottbus. Schröder announced on 11 November 2009 his return to VfB Lübeck.

</doc>
<doc id="21369082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369082" title="Puya venusta">
Puya venusta

Puya venusta is a species in the Bromeliaceae family. This species is a rare plant found in certain portions of Chile including Punta Teatinos and Cerro La Campana. In La Campana National Park "P. venusta" is associated with the endangered Chilean Wine Palm, "Jubaea chilensis", which palm prehistorically had a significantly wider distribution. 

</doc>
<doc id="21369092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369092" title="Wyler (company)">
Wyler (company)

Wyler or Wyler Genève is an Italian Binda Group's watch manufacturer: the original Swiss company was acquired by Italian corporation.
History.
Paul Wyler was born in 1896. Wyler presented its first 16 and 19-line precision movements to the public in 1923. The particularity of these was the Incaflex balance wheel, which was legendary at the time. The Wyler Incaflex balance wheel is protected along its diameter by two curved, elastic arms, which absorb any shocks to the balance wheel. In addition to producing his own calibres, Wyler also modified movements of other large-scale producers and sold these on to other watch companies. In some cases, the basic calibre was changed so much that the movements should actually be considered as Wyler calibres.
In 1934, Wyler was the official watch of Italy's World Cup winning team.
In 1937 the company caused a stir by launching a water-resistant watch that was not fitted with the conventional soft gaskets. The mineral glass was pressed in between the edge of the case and a pressed or screwed bezel, the gap between the winding shaft and the watch case was sealed hydraulically by fitting the winding shaft and bushing together, in the same material, to 1/500mm.
Wyler gained worldwide notoriety with a spectacular marketing stunt in 1956, when two watches were dropped from the top of the Eiffel Tower and continued to function after the fall.
In 1960 manual and self-winding models from the Incaflex range became the official railway watch of the Santa Fe Railroad. In 1972, the Wyler Watch Corp. New York became a distributor for Eterna.
The rebirth of the brand.
The brand was reborn as "Wyler Genève" at Baselworld 2006, following a decision by the Binda Group to reposition it.
At Baselworld 2007, the Wyler Genève Chronograph and tourbillons were presented, and in autumn 2007 the Wyler-Zagato watch was launched in conjunction with the Italian Atelier Zagato. The watch has an 8-day manual-winding manufacture movement.

</doc>
<doc id="21369111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369111" title="Minaki railway station">
Minaki railway station

Minaki railway station is located in the community of Minaki in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, and is in use by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369114" title="Apium virus Y">
Apium virus Y

"Apium virus Y" (AVY) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus "Potyvirus" and the virus family "Potyviridae".
Apium virus Y is a recently described member of the potyvirus family. It was first found in Australia in 2002 in poison hemlock ("Conium maculatum": an immigrant weed in Australia). A survey of native and weed species in the family Apiaceae found ApVY to be widespread in Australia. In addition, this survey and others found two other potyviruses. One was a well known potyvirus infecting the Apiaceae, "Celery mosaic virus" (CeMV). CeMV has been found in celery ("Apium graveolens") crops worldwide including Australia, New Zealand and the USA. The third potyvirus found in these surveys was another previously unknown potyvirus, Carrot virus Y (CarVY).
Geographic distribution.
Since its sequence was first deposited in GenBank, ApVY has been found in Florida, Washington state and California in the United States and in New Zealand. In New Zealand, it was found in celery in a mixed infection with CeMV.
In Washington state two different strains of ApVY were found, one in domestic celery crops and other in the weed poison hemlock. The one in celery was 98% identical to the Australian nucleotide sequences. The one found in naturally infected poison hemlock was only 91% identical to the sequences from Australia. The later turned out to be 98% identical to the North American isolates found in Florida and California. In turn, the Florida isolate was 90-91% identical to the Australian isolates.
A third strain of this virus has been known in Germany since the early 1990s. Sequences of this virus isolated from parsley ("Petroselinum crispum") were 94% identical to the Australian isolate from parsley. (H.-J Vetten, personal communication)
Host range and symptoms.
In addition to cultivated celery and parsley and the weed poison hemlock, ApVY infections have been identified in sea celery ("Apium prostraum"), cilantro ("Coriandrum sativum"), and bishop’s weed ("Ammi majus"). In Germany it has recently been found naturally infecting celeriac or celery root. All are members of the plant family "Apiaceae".
Symptoms reported included mosaic, vein clearing or banding, necrotic/chorotic line patterns and stunting. Some samples of parsly, celery and poison hemlock that gave positive results in tests however were asymptomatic.
In host range studies the virus causes local lessions on "Chenopodium quinoa" and "C. amaraticolor" ("Amaranthaceae").

</doc>
<doc id="21369125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369125" title="Patricia Deegan">
Patricia Deegan

Patricia E. Deegan is a disability-rights advocate, psychologist and researcher living in the United States. She is known as an advocate of the mental health recovery movement and is an international speaker and trainer in the field of mental health.
Academia.
Deegan received her B.S. from Fitchburg State College in 1977 and her PhD in clinical psychology from Duquesne University in 1984. As of 2010, she is an adjunct professor at the Dartmouth College Medical School, Department of Community and Family Medicine and the Boston University, Sargent College of Health and Rehabilitation Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="21369136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369136" title="1940 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1940 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1940 Philadelphia Eagles season was their eighth in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 1–9–1, losing ten games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eighth consecutive season.
The Eagles 298 rushing yards in 1940 are the fewest in the history of the NFL. The team gained only 0.94 yards per carry.
Off Season.
After 4 years playing at larger Philadelphia Municipal Stadium the Eagles move to Shibe Park for the 1940 season
Eagles training camp was held at West Chester State Teachers College, West Chester, Pennsylvania.
NFL Draft.
The 1940 NFL Draft was held on December 9, 1939. This year again it was to have 22 rounds, with each team getting 20 picks. The weaker teams only picked in the 2nd and 4th rounds and were passed over in rounds 21 and 22.
The Eagles and Pittsburgh Pirates, before being called Steelers, both finished with 1–9–1, .100 records, but the 1939 Chicago Cardinals ended up at 1–10, .091 and would get the first pick in the draft. The Eagles and Pirates would alternate picking 2nd or 3rd in each round.
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with. 
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away. 
Game Recaps.
A recap of the scoring plays and the game scores by quarters during the year. The record after the team's name reflects this games outcome also.
WEEK 1.
Sunday September 15, 1940
WEEK 2.
Sunday September 22, 1940
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays 
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays 
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays 
4th Quarter Scoring Plays 
WEEK 3.
Saturday September 28, 1940
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
4th Quarter Scoring Plays
NONE
WEEK 4.
Friday, October 4, 1940
Scoring 
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
Eagles Elmer Hackney 1-yard rush (Fran Murray kick) 
4th Quarter Scoring Plays
WEEK 5.
Sunday, October 13, 1940
Scoring
1st and 2nd Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
4th Quarter Scoring Plays
WEEK 6.
Sunday, October 20, 1940
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
4th Quarter Scoring Plays
WEEK 7.
Saturday, October 26, 1940
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
4th Quarter Scoring Plays
WEEK 8.
Sunday, November 10, 1940
This was the final game in NFL history as of in which neither team was penalized.
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays 
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays 
WEEK 9.
Sunday, November 17, 1940
Scoring
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays
WEEK 10.
Thursday November 28, 1940 – Thanksgiving Day
WEEK 11.
Sunday, December 1, 1940
This was the Eagles 2nd game in 3 days.
Scoring 
1st Quarter Scoring Plays
2nd Quarter Scoring Plays 
3rd Quarter Scoring Plays 
4th Quarter Scoring Plays 
Playoffs.
The Eagles with a 1–10–1 record finished last in the NFL Eastern Division and fail to make it to the 1940 NFL Championship Game. The game was played at Griffith Stadium in Washington, D.C. on December 8, 1940. The Chicago Bears, with an 8–3 record, defeated the Washington Redskins, with a 9–2 record, 73–0, the most one-sided victory in NFL history. The Bears scored on 3 interception returns of Washington passes during the game.
This was the first NFL title game that was broadcast nationwide on radio by Mutual Broadcasting System.
1940 Roster.
"(All time List of Philadelphia Eagles players in franchise history)"
Post Season.
In the off season Davey O'Brien turned down a salary raise and retired from the NFL.
In late 1940, the football Pittsburgh Pirates owner Art Rooney bought half interest in the Eagles and sold the Pirates to Alexis Thompson. Before the start of the 1941 season Rooney and Thompson swap city and NFL rights for Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. The Pittsburgh Pirates players of 1940 and before are now Philadelphia Eagles and the Philadelphia Eagles players are now members of the renamed Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="21369171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369171" title="Engraved gem">
Engraved gem

An engraved gem is a small gemstone, usually semi-precious, that has been carved, in the Western tradition normally with images or inscriptions only on one face. The engraving of gemstones was a major luxury art form in the ancient world, and an important one in some later periods. Strictly speaking, engraving means carving in intaglio, with the design cut "into" the flat background of the stone, but relief carvings, with the design projecting "out of" the background as in nearly all cameos, are also covered by the term (this article uses "cameo" in its strict sense, to denote a carving exploiting layers of differently coloured stone). The activity is also called gem carving, and the artists "gem-cutters". References to antique gems, and intaglios in a jewellery context, will almost always mean carved gems. Vessels like the Cup of the Ptolemies and heads or figures carved in the round are also known as "hardstone carvings" and similar terms.
Glyptics, or "glyptic art", covers the field of small carved stones, including cylinder seals and inscriptions, especially in an archaeological context. Though they were keenly collected in antiquity, most carved gems originally functioned as seals, often mounted in a ring; intaglio designs register most clearly when viewed by the recipient of a letter as an impression in hardened wax. A finely carved seal was practical, as it made forgery more difficult - the distinctive personal signature did not really exist in antiquity.
Technique.
Gems were mostly cut by using abrasive powder from harder stones in conjunction with a hand-drill, probably often set in a lathe. Emery has been mined for abrasive powder on Naxos since antiquity. Some early types of seal were cut by hand, rather than a drill, which does not allow fine detail. There is no evidence that magnifying lenses were used by gem cutters in antiquity. A medieval guide to gem-carving techniques survives from Theophilus Presbyter. Byzantine cutters used a flat-edged wheel on a drill for intaglio work, while Carolingian ones used round-tipped drills; it is unclear where they learnt this technique from. In intaglio gems at least, the recessed cut surface is usually very well preserved, and microscopic examination is revealing of the technique used. The colour of several gemstones can be enhanced by a number of artificial methods, using heat, sugar and dyes. Many of these can be shown to have been used since antiquity - since the 7th millennium BC in the case of heating.
History.
The technique has an ancient tradition in the Near East, and is represented in all or most early cultures from the area, and the Indus Valley civilization. The cylinder seal, whose design only appears when rolled over damp clay, from which the flat ring type developed, was the usual form in Mesopotamia, Assyria and other cultures, and spread to the Minoan world, including parts of Greece and Cyprus. These were made in various types of stone, not all hardstone. The Greek tradition emerged in Ancient Greek art under Minoan influence on mainland Helladic culture, and reached an apogee of subtlety and refinement in the Hellenistic period. Pre-Hellenistic Egyptian seals tend to have inscriptions in hieroglyphs rather than images. The Biblical Book of Exodus describes the form of the hoshen, a ceremonial breastplate worn by the High Priest, bearing twelve gems engraved with the names of the Twelve tribes of Israel.
Round or oval Greek gems (along with similar objects in bone and ivory) are found from the 8th and 7th centuries BC, usually with animals in energetic geometric poses, often with a border marked by dots or a rim. Early examples are mostly in softer stones. Gems of the 6th century are more often oval, with a scarab back (in the past this type was called a "scarabaeus"), and human or divine figures as well as animals; the scarab form was apparently adopted from Phoenicia. The forms are sophisticated for the period, despite the usually small size of the gems. In the 5th century gems became somewhat larger, but still only 2-3 centimetres tall. Despite this, very fine detail is shown, including the eyelashes on one male head, perhaps a portrait. Four gems signed by Dexamenos of Chios are the finest of the period, two showing herons.
Relief carving became common in 5th century BC Greece, and gradually most of the spectacular carved gems in the Western tradition were in relief, although the Sassanian and other traditions remained faithful to the intaglio form. Generally a relief image is more impressive than an intaglio one; in the earlier form the recipient of a document saw this in the impressed sealing wax, while in the later reliefs it was the owner of the seal who kept it for himself, probably marking the emergence of gems meant to be collected or worn as jewellery pendants in necklaces and the like, rather than used as seals - later ones are sometimes rather large to use to seal letters. However inscriptions are usually still in reverse ("mirror-writing") so they only read correctly on impressions (or by viewing from behind with transparent stones). This aspect also partly explains the collecting of impressions in plaster or wax from gems, which may be easier to appreciate than the original.
The cameo, which is rare in intaglio form, seems to have reached Greece around the 3rd century; the Farnese Tazza is the only major surviving Hellenistic example (depending on the date assigned to the Gonzaga Cameo - see below), but other glass-paste imitations with portraits suggest that gem-type cameos were made in this period. The conquests of Alexander the Great had opened up new trade routes to the Greek world and increased the range of gemstones available. Roman gems generally continued Hellenistic styles, and can be hard to date, until their quality sharply declines at the end of the 2nd century AD. Philosophers are sometimes shown; Cicero refers to people having portraits of their favourite on their cups and rings. The Romans invented cameo glass, best known from the Portland Vase, as a cheaper material for cameos, and one that allowed consistent and predictable layers on even round objects.
During the European Middle Ages antique engraved gems were one classical art form which was always highly valued, and a large but unknown number of ancient gems have (unlike most surviving classical works of art) never been buried and then excavated. Gems were used to decorate elaborate pieces of goldsmith work such as votive crowns, book-covers and crosses, sometimes very inappropriately given their subject matter. Matthew Paris illustrated a number of gems owned by St Albans Abbey, including one large Late Roman imperial cameo (now lost) called "Kaadmau" which was used to induce overdue childbirths - it was slowly lowered, with a prayer to St Alban, on its chain down the woman's cleavage, as it was believed that the infant would flee downwards to escape it, a belief in accordance with the views of the "father of mineralogy", Georgius Agricola (1494–1555) on jasper. Some gems were engraved, mostly with religious scenes in intaglio, during the period both in Byzantium and Europe.
In the West production revived from the Carolingian period, when rock crystal was the commonest material. The Lothair Crystal (or "Suzanna Crystal", British Museum, 11.5 cm diameter), clearly not designed for use as a seal, is the best known of 20 surviving Carolingian large intaglio gems with complex figural scenes, although most were used for seals. Several crystals were designed, like the "Susanna Crystal", to be viewed through the gem from the unengraved side, so their inscriptions were reversed like the seals. In wills and inventories, engraved gems were often given pride of place at the head of a list of treasures.
Some gems in a remarkably effective evocation of classical style were made in Southern Italy for the court of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor in the first half of the 13th century, several in the Cabinet des Médailles in Paris. Meanwhile the church led the development of large, often double-sided, metal seal matrices for wax seals that were left permanently attached to charters and similar legal documents, dangling by a cord, though smaller ring seals that were broken when a letter was opened remained in use. It is not clear to what extent this also continued practices in the ancient world.
Renaissance revival.
The late medieval French and Burgundian courts collected and commissioned gems, and began to use them for portraits. The British Museum has what is probably a seated portrait of John, Duke of Berry in intaglio on a sapphire, and the Hermitage has a cameo head of Charles VII of France.
Interest had also revived in Early Renaissance Italy, where Venice soon became a particular centre of production. Along with the Roman statues and sarcophagi being newly excavated, antique gems were prime sources for artists eager to regain a classical figurative vocabulary. Cast bronze copies of gems were made, which circulated around Italy, and later Europe. Among very many examples of borrowings that can be traced confidently, the "Felix" or "Diomedes" gem owned by Lorenzo il Magnifico (see below), with an unusual pose, was copied by Leonardo da Vinci and may well have provided the "starting point" for one of Michelangelo's "ignudi" on the Sistine Chapel ceiling. Another of Lorenzo's gems supplied, probably via a drawing by Perugino, a pose used by Raphael.
By the 16th century carved and engraved gems were keenly collected across Europe for dedicated sections of a cabinet of curiosities, and their production revived, in classical styles; 16th-century gem-cutters working with the same types of sardonyx and other hardstones and using virtually the same techniques, produced classicizing works of glyptic art, often intended as forgeries, in such quantity that they compromised the market for them, as Gisela Richter observed in 1922. Even today, Sir John Boardman admits that "We are sometimes at a loss to know whether what we are looking at belongs to the 1st or the 15th century AD, a sad confession for any art-historian." Other Renaissance gems reveal their date by showing mythological scenes derived from literature that were not part of the visual reportoire in classical times, or borrowing compositions from Renaissance paintings, and using "compositions with rather more figures than any ancient engraver would have tolerated or attempted". Among artists, the wealthy Rubens was a notable collector.
Parallel traditions.
Engraved gems occur in the Bible, especially when the hoshen and ephod worn by the High Priest are described; though these were inscribed with the names of the tribes of Israel in letters, rather than any images. A few identifiably Jewish gems survive from the classical world, including Persia, mostly with the owner's name in Hebrew, but some with symbols such as the menorah. Many gems are inscribed in the Islamic world, typically with verses from the Koran, and sometimes gems in the Western tradition just contain inscriptions.
Many Asian and Middle Eastern cultures have their own traditions, although for example the important Chinese tradition of carved gemstones and hardstones, especially jade carving, is broader than the European one of concentration on a flattish faced stone that might fit into a ring. Seal engraving covers the inscription that is printed by stamping, which nearly always only contains script rather than images. Other decoration of the seal itself was not intended to be reproduced.
Iconography.
The iconography of gems is similar to that of coins, though more varied. Early gems mostly show animals. Gods, satyrs, and mythological scenes were common, and famous statues often represented - much modern knowledge of the poses of lost Greek cult statues such as Athena Promachos comes from the study of gems, which often have clearer images than coins. A 6th(?) century BC Greek gem already shows Ajax committing suicide, with his name inscribed. The story of Heracles was, as in other arts, the most common source of narrative subjects. A scene may be intended as the subject of an early Archaic gem, and certainly appears on 6th century examples from the later Archaic period.
Portraits of monarchs are found from the Hellenistic period onwards, although as they do not usually have identifying inscriptions, many fine ones cannot be identified with a subject. In the Roman Imperial period, portraits of the imperial family were often produced for the court circle, and many of these have survived, especially a number of spectacular cameos from the time of Augustus. As private objects, produced no doubt by artists trained in the tradition of Hellenistic monarchies, their iconography is less inhibited than the public state art of the period about showing divine attributes as well as sexual matters. The identity and interpretation of figures in the Gemma Augustea remains unclear. A number of gems from the same period contain scenes apparently from the lost epic on the Sack of Troy, of which the finest is by Dioskurides (Chatsworth House).
Renaissance and later gems remain dominated by the Hellenistic reportoire of subjects, though portraits in contemporary styles were also produced.
Collectors.
Famous collectors begin with King Mithridates VI of Pontus (d. 63 BC), whose collection was part of the booty of Pompey the Great, who donated it to the Temple of Jupiter in Rome. Julius Caesar was determined to excel Pompey in this as in other areas, and later gave six collections to his own Temple of Venus Genetrix; according to Suetonius gems were among his varied collecting passions. Many later emperors also collected gems. Chapters 4-6 of Book 37 of the "Natural History" of Pliny the Elder give a summary art history of the Greek and Roman tradition, and of Roman collecting. According to Pliny Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (praetor 56 BC) was the first Roman collector. 
As in later periods objects carved in the round from semi-precious stone were regarded as a similar category of object; these are also known as hardstone carvings. One of the largest, the "Coupe des Ptolémées" was probably donated to the Basilica of Saint-Denis, near Paris, by Charles the Bald, as the inscription on its former gem-studded gold Carolingian mounting stated; it may have belonged to Charlemagne. One of the best collections of such vessels, though mostly plain without carved decoration, was looted from Constantinople in the Fourth Crusade, and is in the Treasury of the Basilica of San Marco in Venice. Many of these retain the medieval mounts which adapted them for liturgical use. Like the "Coupe des Ptolémées", most objects in European museums lost these when they became objects of classicist interest from the Renaissance onwards, or when the mounts were removed for the value of the materials, as happened to many in the French Revolution.
The collection of 827 engraved gems of Pope Paul II, which included the "Felix gem" of Diomedes with the Palladium, was acquired by Lorenzo il Magnifico; the Medici collection included many other gems and was legendary, valued in inventories much higher than his Botticellis. Somewhat like Chinese collectors, Lorenzo had all his gems inscribed with his name.
The Gonzaga Cameo passed through a series of famous collections before coming to rest in the Hermitage. First known in the collection of Isabella d'Este, it passed to the Gonzaga Dukes of Mantua, Emperor Rudolf II, Queen Christina of Sweden, Cardinal Decio Azzolini, Livio Odescalchi, Duke of Bracciano, and Pope Pius VI before Napoleon carried it off to Paris, where his Empress Joséphine gave it to Alexander I of Russia after Napoleon's downfall, as a token of goodwill. It remains disputed whether the cameo is Alexandrian work of the 3rd century BC, or a Julio-Claudian imitation of the style from the 1st century AD.
Three of the largest cameo gems from antiquity were created for members of the Julio-Claudian dynasty and seem to have survived above ground since antiquity. The large Gemma Augustea appeared in 1246 in the treasury of the Basilique St-Sernin, Toulouse. In 1533, King François I appropriated it and moved it to Paris, where it soon disappeared around 1590. Not long thereafter it was fenced for 12,000 gold pieces to Emperor Rudolph II; it remains in Vienna, alongside the Gemma Claudia. The largest flat engraved gem known from antiquity is the Great Cameo of France, which entered (or re-entered) the French royal collection in 1791 from the treasury of Sainte-Chapelle, where it had been since at least 1291.
In England, a false dawn of gem collecting was represented by Henry, Prince of Wales' purchase of the cabinet of the Flemish antiquary Abraham Gorlaeus in 1609, and engraved gems featured among the antiquities assembled by Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel. Later in the century William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire, formed a collection of gems that is still conserved at Chatsworth. In the eighteenth century a more discerning cabinet of gems was assembled by Henry Howard, 4th Earl of Carlisle, acting upon the advice of Francesco Maria Zanetti and Francesco Ficoroni; 170 of the Carlisle gems, both Classical and post-Classical, were purchased in 1890 for the British Museum.
By the mid-eighteenth century prices had reached such a level that major collections could only be formed by the very wealthy; lesser collectors had to make do with collecting plaster casts, which was also very popular, or buying one of many sumptuously illustrated catalogues of collections that were published. Catherine the Great's collection is in the Hermitage Museum; one large collection she had bought was the gems from the Orléans Collection. Louis XV of France hired Dominique Vivant to assemble a collection for Madame de Pompadour.
In the eighteenth century British aristocrats were able to outcompete even the agents for royal and princely collectors on the Continent, aided by connoisseur-dealers like Count Antonio Maria Zanetti and Philipp von Stosch. Zanetti travelled Europe in pursuit of gems hidden in private collections for the British aristocrats he tutored in connoisseurship; his own collection was described in A.F. Gori, "Le gemme antiche di Anton Maria Zanetti" (Venice, 1750), illustrated with eighty plates of engravings from his own drawings. Baron Philipp von Stosch (1691–1757), a Prussian who lived in Rome and then Florence, was a major collector, as well as a dealer in engraved gems: "busy, unscrupulous, and in his spare time a spy for England in Italy". Among his contemporaries, Stosch made his lasting impression with "Gemmæ Antiquæ Cælatæ" ("Pierres antiques graveés") (1724), in which Bernard Picart's engravings reproduced seventy antique carved hardstones like onyx, jasper and carnelian from European collections. He also encouraged Johann Lorenz Natter (1705–1763) whom Stosch set to copying ancient carved gems in Florence. Frederick the Great of Prussia bought Stosch's collection in 1765 and built the Antique Temple in the park of the Sanssouci Palace to house his collections of ancient sculpture, coins and over 4,000 gems - the two were naturally often grouped together. The gems are now in the Antikensammlung Berlin.
The collection of "Consul" Joseph Smith (1682–1770), British consul in Venice was bought by George III of England and remains in the Royal Collection. The collections of Charles Towneley, Richard Payne Knight and Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode were bought by or bequeathed to the British Museum, founding their very important collection. But the most famous English collection was that formed by the 4th Duke of Marlborough (1739–1817), "which the Duke kept in his bedroom and resorted to as a relief from his ambitious wife, his busy sister and his many children". This included collections formerly owned by the Gonzagas of Mantua (later owned by Lord Arundel), the 2nd Earl of Bessborough, and the brother of Lord Chesterfield, who himself warned his son in one of his "Letters" against "days lost in poring upon imperceptible intaglios and cameos". The collection, including its single most famous cameo, "the" "Marlborough gem" depicting an initiation of Cupid and Psyche, was dispersed after a sale in 1899, fortunately timed for the new American museums and provided the core of the collection of the Metropolitan in New York and elsewhere, with the largest group still together being about 100 in the Walters Art Museum, Baltimore.
Prince Stanisław Poniatowski (1754–1833) "commissioned about 2500 gems and encouraged the belief that they were, in fact, ancient." He presented a set of 419 plaster impressions of his collection to the King of Prussia which now form the Daktyliothek Poniatowski in Berlin, where they were recognised as modern in 1832, mainly because the signatures of ancient artists from very different times were found on gems in too consistent a style.
Artists.
As in other fields, not many ancient artists' names are known from literary sources, although some gems are signed. According to Pliny, Pyrgoteles was the only artist allowed to carve gems for the seal rings of Alexander the Great. Most of the most famous Roman artists were Greeks, like Dioskurides, who is thought to have produced the Gemma Augustea, and is recorded as the artist of the matching signet rings of Augustus - very carefully controlled, they allowed orders to be issued in his name by his most trusted associates. Other works survive signed by him (rather more than are all likely to be genuine), and his son Hyllos was also a gem engraver.
The Anichini family were leading artists in Venice and elsewhere in the 15th and 16th centuries. Many Renaissance artists no doubt kept their activities quiet, as they were passing their products off as antique. Other specialist carvers included Giovanni Bernardi (1494–1553), Giovanni Jacopo Caraglio (c. 1500–1565), Giuseppe Antonio Torricelli (1662–1719), the German-Italian Anton Pichler (1697–1779) and his sons Giovanni and Luigi, Charles Christian Reisen (Anglo-Norwegian, 1680–1725). Other sculptors also carved gems, or had someone in their workshop who did. Leone Leoni said he personally spent two months on a double-sided cameo gem with portraits of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V and his wife and son.
The Scot James Tassie (1735–1799), and his nephew William (1777–1860) developed methods for taking hard impressions from old gems, and also for casting new designs from carved wax in enamel, enabling a huge production of what are really imitation engraved gems. The fullest catalogue of his impressions ("Tassie gems") was published in 1791, with 15,800 items. There are complete sets of the impressions in the Hermitage, the Victoria & Albert Museum in London, and in Edinburgh. Other types of imitation became fashionable for ladies' brooches, such as ceramic cameos by Josiah Wedgwood in jasperware. The engraved gem fell permanently out of fashion from about the 1860s, perhaps partly as a growing realization of the number of gems that were not what they seemed to be scared collectors. Among the last practitioners was James Robertson, who sensibly moved into the new art of photography.
Imitations.
Cameo glass was invented by the Romans in about 30BC to imitate engraved hardstone cameos, with the advantage that consistent layering could be achieved even on round vessels - impossible with natural gemstones. It was however very difficult to manufacture and surviving pieces, mostly famously the Portland Vase, are actually much rarer than Roman gemstone cameos. The technique was revived in the 18th and especially 19th centuries in England and elsewhere, and was most effectively used in French Art Nouveau glass that made no attempt to follow classical styles.
The Middle Ages, which lived by charters and other sealed documents, were at least as keen on using seals as the ancient world, now creating them for towns and church institutions, but they normally used metal matrices and signet rings. However some objects, like a 13th-century Venetian "Seven Sleepers of Ephesus", mimicked the engraved gem.
Another offshoot of the mania for engraved gems is the fine-grained slightly translucent stoneware called jasperware that was developed by Josiah Wedgwood and perfected in 1775. Though white-on-blue matte jasperware is the most familiar Wedgwood ceramic line, still in production today and widely imitated since the mid-19th century, white-on-black was also produced. Wedgwood made notable jasperware copies of the Portland Vase and the "Marlborough gem", a famous head of Antinous, and interpreted in jasperware casts from antique gems by James Tassie. John Flaxman's neoclassical designs for jasperware were carried out in the extremely low relief typical of cameo production. Some other porcelain imitated three-layer cameos purely by paint, even in implausible objects like a flat Sèvres tea-tray of 1840.
Scholars.
Gems were a favourite topic for antiquaries from the Renaissance onwards, culminating in the work of Philipp von Stosch, described above. Major progress in understanding Greek gems was made in the work of Adolf Furtwängler (1853–1907, father of the conductor, Wilhelm). Among recent scholars Sir John Boardman (b. 1927) has made a special contribution, again concentrating on Greek gems.

</doc>
<doc id="21369173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369173" title="Samir Toplak">
Samir Toplak

Samir Toplak (born 23 April 1970) is a Croatian association football coach and a former player. Toplak was born in Varaždin to Croatian parents and spent most of his playing and managerial career in his hometown club NK Varteks.
Playing career.
Toplak started his career in NK Varteks and spent the first ten seasons of his career there. After proving himself as one of the best defenders in Croatian first division, Toplak transferred to Bundesliga team VfL Bochum. He spent four seasons in Germany, floating between first and second division. Toplak returned to Varteks in summer of 2002, spending there last three seasons of his top level football career. Until the end of his football career in summer of 2006, Toplak played for lower league team Graničar Tučenik.
Managerial career.
Four years after retirement Toplak took over as NK Varaždin manager, previously working as youth coach, assistant manager and club director. He led young team, consisted mainly from Varaždin's home grown players, to a successful Europa League campaign beating FC Lusitanos and Iskra-Stal before they were stopped in third qualifying round by Romanian powerhouse Dinamo Bucureşti in a narrow two leg encounter. But nice European story eventually led to misery as club went to bankruptcy and was dissolved. 
In August 2011 Toplak took over another Croatian first division club, HNK Cibalia. In a 2011–12 Prva HNL Toplak led Cibalia to a top table position and semifinals of Croatian Cup. But due to disagreements with Cibalia's Ultras, Toplak choose to leave Vinkovci in July 2012.
In December 2012 Toplak was appointed as a manager of ambitious second division side HNK Gorica. HNK Gorica had disastrous first half season, finishing in relegation zone and Toplak was given an assignment to bring the club back to top table position. After failing to move Gorica out of relegation zone, Toplak resigned on April 20, six rounds before end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21369176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369176" title="Abalakov thread">
Abalakov thread

The Abalakov thread, or V-Thread, is an ice protection device named after its innovator, Soviet climber Vitaly Abalakov. The Abalakov thread is a common method of protecting oneself while ice climbing because it is easy to create, doesn't require the sacrifice of expensive gear, and can be very safe when used properly. An Abalakov thread is often used in multi-pitch ice climbing routes. Because of its safety and convenience, the Abalakov thread is considered one of the most significant innovations in ice climbing. It significantly expanded the scope of possible routes and abseiling safety.
An Abalakov thread can be constructed using an ice screw, of appropriate strength cord, and hook-like Abalakov threading device. Two holes are drilled in the ice, which interconnect at the ends to form a v-like channel in the ice. The cord is then threaded through this hole, and tied with a knot such as a fisherman's knot. This loop is then used to hang the abseiling rope. Abalakov thread can only be constructed in solid ice. The holes need to be drilled at the correct angle (about 45-50 degrees compared to ice surface), and care must be taken that they interconnect. The surfaces of the holes need to have sufficient distance (about ) between them. If the ice is not strong enough, it is possible to use two Abalakovs to balance the force, although if this is needed, an alternate route is strongly recommended.
Though the Abalakov thread is considered to be as strong as any ice screw placement, a backup ice screw is frequently used for the first abseil. This allows for increased safety if mistakes were made in the creation of the Abalakov thread, and allows the strength of the thread to be observed.

</doc>
<doc id="21369178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369178" title="Charles F. Masterson">
Charles F. Masterson

Charles F. Masterson (born October 31, 1917) was born in New York, New York and received a B.A. from Long Island University in 1938. He earned a M.A. and a Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1939 and 1952, respectively.
Shortly after the Eisenhower administration became settled in the White House, there appeared the need to keep the public informed of the current policies, accomplishments and goals of the President and his administration. Thus, shortly after Inauguration Day, Val Peterson (former Governor of Nebraska) was appointed to a position as an Administrative Assistant to President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was to act as presidential liaison with the various cabinet departments and independent agencies. Upon his leaving in March of that same year to assume the post of Administrator of the Federal Civil Defense Administration, Walter Williams and his (acting) special assistant, Stanley M. Rumbough, Jr. assumed the task of liaison between the White House, the cabinet departments and independent agencies. Walter Williams (then Under Secretary of Commerce), originally brought into the White House to establish a system of nationwide economic reporters, resumed his duties at the Commerce Department in late 1953. In September 1953, his position was filled by Charles F. Masterson, a former associate of both Rumbough and Charlie Willis, having worked with them in the National Citizens for Eisenhower organization in the 1952 campaign.
Masterson, prior to joining the White House staff, had been in the public relations business in New York City and before that a college professor (English, History and Public Speaking at Long Island University and Pace College in New York). Dr. Masterson was a man of varied talents. For ten years, he was ranked among the top 25 tennis players in the United States, his highest ranking being 14. He was the author of two books on world history and a beginners book on golf.
During the period in which Dr. Masterson worked on the White House Staff, the Executive Branch Liaison Office (of which he was a member) performed three major functions. First, it acted as the liaison between the White House, Cabinet departments and the independent agencies. To accomplish this, Masterson and Rumbough brought about the production of Fact Papers. These fact papers were issued weekly. These papers were meant to acquaint members of the Eisenhower team (including ambassadors) with information on current administration problems, pronouncements and goals, in brief, legible form. Fact Papers were duplicated and sent throughout the country by the Young Republicans, the Women’s Division of the Republican National Committee and members of the Republican Congressional Committee (who, in turn, sent them to GOP congressmen for use in speeches and newsletters). As of January 1955, actual circulation of the Fact Papers had reached 100,000. Spokesmen for the administration were urged to use the Fact Papers as a ready reference in their speeches and other contacts with the public.
The second function was that of liaison between the White House and the Republican National Committee. The Executive Branch Liaison Office provided Fact Papers for its distribution and for use as copy in its publication (newsletter) "Straight From the Shoulder."
The third function of this office was not as a speakers’ bureau, but as a speakers’ coordination center, i.e. it organized and established a system for using speakers’ bureaus throughout the Executive Branch. This procedure helped greatly to relax the strained national-state party relations.
Aside from his other duties, Dr. Masterson also helped to draft speeches and correspondence for various members of the White House Staff (such as Sherman Adams, Bernard Shanley, Frank Leahy, Governor Pyle and Fred Seaton). He infrequently drafted speeches for use by the President. Dr. Masterson resigned from the staff of the Executive Branch Liaison Office on November 28, 1956, returning, in association with Stanley Rumbough, Jr., to a public relations office in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="21369191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369191" title="Norstead (Newfoundland)">
Norstead (Newfoundland)

Norstead: A Viking Village and Port of Trade is a reconstruction of a Viking Age settlement. Located near L'Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland, Norstead won the provincial Attractions Canada award for "Best New Attraction" in 2000, and was the centerpiece of a series of events held that year to commemorate the 1,000th anniversary of the Vikings' arrival. The site also houses a 54 foot replica Viking knarr which sailed from Greenland to L’Anse aux Meadows in 1998 with a crew of nine men.

</doc>
<doc id="21369192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369192" title="Ottermere railway station">
Ottermere railway station

Ottermere railway station is in the community of Ottermere in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Malachi to the west and Wade to the east, and is used by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369194" title="Oregon City School District (Oregon)">
Oregon City School District (Oregon)

The Oregon City School District is a school district that serves the city of Oregon City, Oregon and some unincorporated areas of southwestern Clackamas County, including the hamlet of Beavercreek and the community of Jennings Lodge, which is physically separated from the rest of the district by the Gladstone School District.
The superintendent is Larry Didway. As of March 31, 2008, there were 8,073 students enrolled at schools in the district and 940 staff members.
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 200 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 2.4% of students in the district.
Schools.
The district has seven primary, two middle, one high school, and three charter schools.

</doc>
<doc id="21369212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369212" title="Karnala Fort">
Karnala Fort

Karnala fort (also called "Funnel Hill") is a hill fort in Raigad district about 10 km from Panvel city. Currently it is a protected place lying within the Karnala Bird Sanctuary. It was a fort of strategic importance as it overlooked the Bor pass which connected the Konkan coast to the interior of Maharashtra (Vidharba) and was the main trade route between these areas.
History.
Its exact date of formation is not known but likely it predates 1400 CE as under the Devagiri Yadavs(1248–1318) and under the Tughlaq rulers (1318–1347), Karnala was the capital of the north Konkan districts of their respective empires. It later fell under the command of the Gujarat Sultanate but in 1540 was taken over by Nizam Shah of Ahmednagar. The Gujarat sultans then requested the help of the Dom Francisco de Menenzes the commanding officer of the Portuguese at Bassien(modern day Vasai) to win it back. He ordered 500 of his soldiers to Karnala fort and they were able to capture it. The fort was left in charge of the Gujarat Sultanate but with Portuguese garrisons.
The loss of Karnala enraged the Nizam Shah and he took back the fort and the surrounding countryside by sending 5,000 of his men. The Gujarat sultans fled to Vasai in panic and gave up any claims of the fort to the Portuguese. In the subsequent battle between the Nizam Shah and the Portuguese, the latter were victorious in repulsing further attacks of the Nizam Shahi army and the fort remained with the Portuguese. However the Portuguese viceroy determined that the forts of Sangli and Karnala were of little value to them and decided to give them to the Nizam Shah for an annual payment of Rs. 17,500(or 5,000 gold pardoas) to further their friendship.
Shivaji conquered it from the Portuguese in 1670 by building breastworks as he advanced. After his death in 1680 it was taken over by Aurangzeb. After this the Mughals occupied it for some time after which it in 1740 with the rise of the Peshwas of Pune it went to them. It remained under the command of "killedar" (garrison commander) Anantrao until a colonel Prother won the fort and established the rule of the British East India Company there in 1818.
Major features.
Karnala fort actually consists of two forts one at a higher level and other lower. At the centre of the higher level is a 125 feet high basalt pillar. It is also called Pandu's tower. This structure was used as watchtower when the fort was occupied however now it is in a ruined condition. The presence of bee hives also makes it difficult to climb and have resulted in at least one casualty in recent times. There is a water cistern which provides fresh water all year long. From the top the forts of Prabalgad and Rajmachi are clearly visible.
The fort has two inscriptions one in Marathi and the other in Persian. The Marathi inscription which has no date is seen on the lower gate on the inner side. Its words are indecipherable. The Persian writing is on upper gate reads "Syed Nuruddin Muhammad Khan, Hijri, 1147 AH (1735 CE) and probably dates from the Mughal occupation of the fort.

</doc>
<doc id="21369213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369213" title="Theodor Lay">
Theodor Lay

Theodor Lay was a nineteenth-century German operatic baritone who was particularly admired for his interpretations of the roles of Richard Wagner and Albert Lortzing. He is best remembered today for portraying the role of Baal-Hanan in the world premiere of Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba" in 1875.
Biography.
Lay began his performing career as a child appearing in stage plays at the young age of four. From 1857-1849, he sang in the opera chorus and acted in plays in Leipzig. He appeared in his first featured opera role in the world premiere of Albert Lortzing's "Rolands Knappen oder Das ersehnte Glück" in 1849. That same year he became the principle baritone soloist at the Hamburg State Opera. Over the next seven years he made several appearances in Olomouc and Brno in addition to his performances in Hamburg. In 1856 he returned to Leipzig to portray the role of Peter the Great in Lortzing's "Zar und Zimmermann". That same year he joined the roster at the Vienna Hofoper (now Vienna State Opera) where he sang roles for the next thirty-five years. He notably portrayed the role of Sixtus Beckmesser in the Viennese premiere of Richard Wagner's "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" in 1870. Wagner attended the premiere and considered Lay's performance to be the finest interpretation of that role. Lay had several other successes with Wagner roles while in Vienna and he also portrayed the role of Baal-Hanan in the world premiere of Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba" in 1875. He retired from the stage in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="21369216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369216" title="Requiem for a Gringo">
Requiem for a Gringo

Requiem for a Gringo is a 1968 Italian/Spanish western film directed by Eugenio Martín. It is most known for the gore and psychedelic elements. Starring Lang Jeffries, Fernando Sancho and Femi Benussi.

</doc>
<doc id="21369217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369217" title="Paris Passion magazine">
Paris Passion magazine

Paris Passion, also known as "Passion", was an English-language city magazine in France that existed from 1981 to 1991. Its main editorial focus was on life in Paris for both residents and visitors. Launched on a shoestring budget as a 24-page black-and-white tabloid, "Passion" eventually evolved into a glossy 140-page magazine.
"Passion" was conceived as a forum for the written word and to showcase the visual side of Paris. It regularly published excellent photography and benefited from the pool of creative illustrators in Paris. The magazine’s use of strong eye-catching visuals on its large format covers was an influential part of its identity.
History.
Launched in November 1981, Paris Passion was an English-language magazine in France that existed until early 1991. Its main editorial focus was on life in Paris for both residents and visitors. Also known as "Passion", it featured an eclectic mix of feature journalism, interviews with leading figures in Paris, city consumer advice, coverage of French arts, culture, politics, design, architecture, food and fashion and was also a regular showcase for excellent photography. For many years, "Passion" also had a detachable events-listings section, published short fiction by Paris-based writers, a French-language section, and a separate fashion supplement called "Accent".
Despite good distribution and a relatively high profile in Paris, "Passion" was more a critical success than a financial one. Its financial struggle undermined the magazine's full editorial potential. "Passion" began on a shoestring budget as a 24-page black-and-white tabloid and eventually evolved into a full-fledged glossy 140-page magazine. Over its nine-plus years, "Passion" published 78 issues.
At its peak, the circulation reached 50,000 copies, with almost a quarter of that distributed outside France. It was sold and displayed prominently in news kiosks and bookstores in Paris and even had street hawkers selling it in certain parts of the city. It was available in international newsstands in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston, Toronto, Montreal, London, and Amsterdam and had subscribers in many countries.
In addition to its practical information and extensive arts and entertainment coverage, "Passion" became popular also for its often irreverent and humorous (but not mocking) take on the French and the challenges and idiosyncrasies of Paris life.
It did not shy away from serious issues. It tackled everything from the political intrigues at Paris City Hall to urban planning fiascoes to French anti-Semitism to drug-related social problems in Paris to the plight of North African immigrants in France and a variety of environmental concerns.
"Passion" can be seen as part of the time-honored tradition of expatriate English-language publishing in Paris that dates back to the early 20th century. Over the years, there have been numerous, mostly literary, publications published in English in the French capital, most of them short-lived.
"Passion" was founded by expatriate Canadian journalist Robert Sarner. He moved to Paris in 1979 from Toronto where he had begun his career in journalism a few years earlier. Before starting "Passion", Sarner took part in the Paris-based 'Journalists In Europe' fellowship program. His partners in the magazine were Michael Budman and Don Green, both originally from Detroit and the co-founders of Roots Canada Ltd. (a successful apparel company and lifestyle brand). Sarner was the Editor-in-Chief and Publisher, while Budman and Green were the Executive Publishers. Sarner had first met Budman and Green in Canada a few years earlier when he approached them for investment in a city magazine that he had hoped to launch in Toronto.
In 1988, the London-based city magazine "Time Out" purchased the majority of "Paris Passion". "Time Out"'s owner Tony Elliott became the co-publisher with Robert Sarner who also remained the Editor-in-Chief.
Under the new ownership, "Passion" adopted a more conventional physical format, expanded its staff and moved into new, better-equipped headquarters. Two and a half years later, following a difference of opinion over the direction of the magazine, Elliott squeezed out Sarner in mid-1990. Elliott then brought in staff from London, redesigned the magazine, and changed the editorial style from American to British. But the business faltered further and "Time Out" ended up closing the magazine in 1991.
In the 1990s, "Time Out" used the "Paris Passion" name in conjunction with some of the annual Paris guides it published during that period.
Editorial Content.
"Paris Passion" was conceived as both a forum for the written word and a showcase of the visual side of the city. One of its main objectives was to engage both the minds and the eyes of readers. To that end, the magazine drew on a wealth of freelance talent based in Paris that shared the editorial aims of its editors. Despite limited financial means, "Passion" featured well-established journalists, photographers and illustrators while also developing many younger writers who had rarely been published before.
Writers.
As a magazine based in, and focused on, Paris, "Passion" attracted a wide range of talented expatriate writers and journalists eager to have their work published in English in a creative magazine circulated both in France and abroad. Some were longtime Paris residents, others were more recent arrivals. Most of the writers came from English-speaking counties, including the United States, Canada, Great Britain, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and India; others were French, (especially during the period when each issue of "Passion" published several pages in French). Collectively, they wrote many articles, columns, reviews and short stories that in one way or another related to Paris.
The following are some of the writers who contributed to "Passion" (listed in alphabetical order): Kathy Acker, John Baxter, Chris Boicos, Philip Brooks, Charla Carter, Ramesh Chandran, Tony Crawley, Claire Downey, David Downie, Fiona Dunlop, Jonathan Ferziger, Richard Foltz, Sarah Gaddis, Peter Green, Brion Gysin, Linda Healey, Susan Herman-Loomis, Mark Honigsbaun, Mark Hunter, Doug Ireland, Nick Kent, Jack Kevorkian, Tanis Kmetyk, Dawn Kolokithas, Randy Koral, Corrine LaBalme, Bernard-Henri Lévy, Barbara Lippert, J.B. Miller, Carol Mongo, Lisa Nesselson, Robert Noah, Stephen O'Shea, Barbara Oudiz, Bart Plantenga, Carol Pratl, Jean Rafferty, Paul Rambali, Allen Robertson, Louis-Bernard Robitaille, Mark Schapiro, Peter de Selding, Antoine Silber, Claude Solnik, Jean-Sebastien Stehli, John Strand, William Styron, Stephanie Theobald, Alexandra Tuttle, Rebecca Voight, Maclin Williams, David Wray, Michael Zwerin.
The Visual Side.
"Paris Passion" was a visually striking magazine, thanks both to its large format and the quality of its photography, illustration and art direction. Its visual presentation, most of which focused on Paris, was an important part of its appeal.
Photography.
Starting with its first issue, "Paris Passion" always showed an appreciation for good photography, devoting generous space to photo essays, portfolios and portraits of Parisians. Photography was an intrinsic part of the magazine and helped shaped its identity. It was a natural development given the large number of talented photographers and leading photo agencies and galleries in Paris.
On a regular basis, "Passion" showcased the work of some of the world's leading photographers working in Paris. In the process, the magazine earned an enviable reputation for the quality of images featured in its pages.
The following are some of the photographers who worked with "Passion" and/or whose work was featured prominently in the magazine (listed in alphabetical order): Jim Allen, Arnaud Bauman, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Chalkie Davies, Francois Dischinger, Barry Dunne, Christophe Galatry, Jean-Paul Goude, Frank Horvat, Benjamin Kanarek, William Klein, Xavier Lambours, Antoine LeGrand, Elizabeth Lennard, Erica Lennard, Jonathan Lennard, Berangere Lomont, Wily Maywald, Doug Metzler, Jacques Mitelman, Jean-Baptiste Mondino, Helmut Newton, Scott Osman, Andre Ostier, Ian Patrick, Alain Potignon, Ray Reynolds, Bettina Rheims, David Rochline, David Seidner, Jean-Loup Sieff, Alice Springs, Lawrence Sudre, Keichi Tahara, Patrick Trautwein, Peter Turnley, Ellen von Unwerth, Javier Vallhonrat, Claus Wickrath, Patrick Wilen, Michael Williams, Rafael Winer.
Illustration.
As part of its design, "Paris Passion" also benefited from the enormous pool of gifted illustrators in Paris. It commissioned many French and expatriate illustrators to create images to enhance editorial content in the magazine.
The following are some of the illustrators who worked with "Passion" and/or whose work was featured prominently in the magazine (listed in alphabetical order): François Avril, Helene Cote, Milo Daax, Jean-Philippe Delhomme, Bil Donovan, Blair Drawson, David Dudu Geva, Diana Huff, Myles Hyman, Antonio Lopez, Patricia Marx, Tina Mercier, Philippe Petit-Roulet, Patricia Reznikav, Michael Roberts, Hippolyte Romain, Laurie Rosenwald, Solweig Vonkleist.
Art Direction.
Among the art directors who worked with "Passion" and who helped guide the look of the publication was Scott Minick. He also designed several literary magazines of the 1980s Paris literary revival, including "Paris Exiles", published by John Strand (a contributing writer to "Passion"), and Randy Koral (who served as Managing Editor of "Passion"); "Sphinx", a woman's literary journal published by "Passion" theatre critic Carol Pratl; and "Frank" by editor David Applefield.
The Front Covers.
Like the rest of the magazine, "Paris Passion"'s front covers evolved considerably from the time of its first issue in 1981 until the last in 1991. The changes included going from black-and-white images to those in full color; from newsprint to glossy stock; from celebrity portraits to more conceptual illustrations; and different logos and varying approaches to the use of text.
During the life of "Passion", its use of strong, eye-catching visuals on its large format covers was an influential part of its identity. "Passion" favored simple, clean, bold, colorful images to grab the attention of readers. It stemmed, in part, from the fact that as a magazine relying mainly on newsstands for its distribution, it had to stand out from other publications in order to establish and promote itself, especially in the absence of any marketing budget.
In Paris, in addition to its presence on newsstands and in kiosks, "Passion" also had a network of "street hawkers" who sold the magazine. They circulated in places where potential readers would congregate, from hip cafes and restaurants to major cultural events, fashion shows and tourist attractions where hawkers would hold up the latest issue for all to see, and hopefully buy. The cover played a critical role in determining the perception and sales of the magazine.
In the pursuit of effective images for its covers, "Passion" drew from the presence of many excellent photographers and illustrators in Paris (see text above). They liked seeing their work showcased on the covers of "Passion", thanks to its large size, its relatively unobtrusive cover text and good visibility in Paris kiosks and in international bookstores and newsstands in major cities outside France.
External Links.
A selection of "Paris Passion" covers

</doc>
<doc id="21369226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369226" title="Malachi railway station">
Malachi railway station

Malachi railway station is located in the community of Malachi in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between Copelands Landing to the west and Ottermere to the east, has a passing track, and is used by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369233" title="Al Lyons">
Al Lyons

Albert Harold Lyons (July 18, 1918 – December 20, 1965) was an American professional baseball player. He appeared in 39 Major League Baseball games as a pitcher in and from to with the New York Yankees, Pittsburgh Pirates and the Boston Braves. He also appeared in five games as an outfielder and 16 more as a pinch hitter, compiling a .293 MLB career batting average (17 hits in 58 at bats), with one home run, three doubles, and nine runs batted in.
As a hurler in the Majors, Lyons worked in an even 100 innings pitched, allowing 125 hits and 59 bases on balls. He made one start and worked in 38 games in relief.
Born in St. Joseph, Missouri, and raised in Los Angeles, California, Lyons batted and threw right-handed, standing tall and weighing . His pro career lasted for 16 seasons (1940–1944; 1946–1956), including a long stint in the top-level Pacific Coast League. However, in the minor leagues, Lyons was predominantly an outfielder, appearing in over 1,000 games in that role, compared to 134 as a pitcher.
After retiring from the field, Lyons became a scout, serving the New York Mets during their early years as an expansion team and signing Dick Selma, among others. He died at 47 in Inglewood, California, from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="21369248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369248" title="George Youds">
George Youds

George Youds (1872–1937) was a footballer who played at left-back. He played 53 league games in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale.
Playing career.
Youds, a potters turner, joined Burslem Port Vale from Kettering Town in November 1892. He played twice in 1892–93, the club's first season in the Football League. He featured 23 times in 1893–94, helping the club to seventh in the Second Division. He played 33 of Vale's 34 games in 1895–96, after which the club failed re-election and were demoted to the Midland League. He played a total of 62 games (53 in the Football League) before being leaving the Athletic Ground sometime in 1897. After retiring he became an electric turner, and married a woman called Betsy, settling at 3 Lorne Street.

</doc>
<doc id="21369281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369281" title="Vertical race">
Vertical race

A Vertical Race is a special kind of ski mountaineering without the typical downhill skiing after ascending. At the mountain running and climbing passages the runners have to carry their skis in their backpacks. Vertical Races for women and men are part of all international ski mountaineering competitions of the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC) as well as at many national competitions. The Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme (UIAA)is working toward the goal of having Vertical Race become an Olympic discipline at the 2018 Winter Olympics, .
Championships.
At World Championships of Skimountaineering a Vertical Race was firstly rated in 2004 an at the European Championships in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21369286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369286" title="Matthias Lust">
Matthias Lust

Matthias Lust (born 27 April 1970 in Heilbronn) is a German football coach and a former player. He is the U17 manager of FC Augsburg.
Playing career.
He made his debut as a player on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for Karlsruher SC on 12 October 1990 when he started in a game against SG Wattenscheid 09.
Coaching career.
Early career.
Lust started as a head coach in the youth ranks of SpVgg Unterhaching in July 2007 before being promoted to assistant coach of the first team. Lust became interim head coach when Ralph Hasenhüttl was sacked by Unterhaching in February 2010. The interim role ended when Klaus Augenthaler took the reigns as head coach. Lust returned to his role as assistant coach when Augenthaler took over and continued in the role until June 2011. Lust became a youth team coach for FC Augsburg in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="21369295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369295" title="Kingdom of Wallachia">
Kingdom of Wallachia

The "Kingdom of Wallachia" (), named after the region of Moravian Wallachia, is a tongue-in-cheek micronation that was founded in 1997 by the photographer Tomáš Harabiš as an "elaborate practical joke". The location is in the northeast corner of the Czech Republic, 230 miles from Prague. Since foundation a reported 80,000 Czech citizens have acquired "Wallachian Passports".
After the official proclamation of the Wallachian kingdom in 1997, actor Bolek Polívka was enthroned as King Boleslav I "the Gracious" with his coronation occurring at a lavish ceremony in 2000. The "Government" led by Tomáš Harabiš established state institutions and issued passports to around 80,000 officially Czech citizens. A new currency, the Jurovalsar, was launched which was pegged to the euro at a rate of 1:1. Enthusiastic attempts to forge official ties with other countries have so far proved disappointing and the Kingdom of Wallachia enjoys no formal diplomatic recognition.
Constitutional Crisis of 2001.
In 2001 the Wallachian "government" deposed King Boleslav in a palace coup, accusing the fallen monarch of behaving unconstitutionally by demanding 1,000,000 Czech koruna for his services. Unperturbed, the deposed king travelled the realm gathering support for his restoration claiming that he had actually ascended the throne in 1993 some four years before the formation of the Harabiš government, and business venture. The ex-king also claimed the idea for the kingdom was his. Unable to settle the dispute internally, the case was taken to court in 2007 in Ostrava, Czech Republic. The court ruled in favour of the "government" of Tomáš Harabiš which went on to search for a new candidate for the throne, eventually crowning Vladimír Zháněl as King Vladimír II. Since then the former king, Bolek Polívka, has appealed to the Czech High Court.

</doc>
<doc id="21369299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369299" title="Glyceric acid">
Glyceric acid

Glyceric acid is a natural three-carbon sugar acid. Salts and esters of glyceric acid are known as glycerates.
Biochemistry.
Several phosphate derivatives of glyceric acid, including 2-phosphoglyceric acid, 3-phosphoglyceric acid, 2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid, and 1,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid, are important biochemical intermediates in Glycolysis. 

</doc>
<doc id="21369309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369309" title="Burak Güven">
Burak Güven

Burak Güven (born October 9, 1975) is a Turkish musician, bass player, and one of the backing singers in the rock band Mor ve Ötesi.
Biography.
He was born in İstanbul, Turkey. From 1993 to 2000, Burak studied singing at the State Conservatory of İstanbul. Before he became a member of the group, he sang in the choir and opera. He became one of the first participants of İstanbul Blues Company.
Creative activity.
When he was 14 years old, Burak bought his first guitar. At age 15, he began to play in a group Virus with four friends. In the group, he was a vocalist. But he had disagreements with guitarist Erke Erokay and left the group. He then worked with pop performer Eric Coker and sang in cafes and bars for living.
In 1993, Burak bought his first bass guitar. He was one of the first participants in İstanbul Blues Kumpanyası. He gave concerts and played bass guitar in four songs in their album "Kokler". He also sang in the opera "Aşk İksiri" and musical "Anlat Şehrazat" in 1997. He has also participated in the choir Fahir Atakoğlu. His voice can be heard on the CD "Senfonik Konser". He participated in the Mimi Festival in France with a group, Nekropsi. He still composes electronic musics with his friend Tolga Enilmez, who is a member of that collective.
In 1997, he became a member of Mor ve Ötesi, replacing Alper Tekin, who left the band.
In January 2009, the album "Astronot" of Ayça Şen was released, whose producer is Burak Güven.
He is also the uncle of the famous Deniz Güven.

</doc>
<doc id="21369310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369310" title="Life Is My Movie Entertainment">
Life Is My Movie Entertainment

Life Is My Movie Entertainment is a U.S.-based independent production company.
The company was founded in 2001 by Vincent Vittorio (founding partner and producer) and Nathaniel McGill (partner and producer), and has been producing independent films and documentaries for over a decade. Life Is My Movie focuses on creating lasting appeal in its projects by illuminating the human element of the stories it develops. Topics may be political, social, or purely for entertainment. The company has produced both documentary films and narrative programs that have been shown in theaters, aired on television, and featured at festivals. The company was restructured in 2006 when it moved to Lawrenceville, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta. New offices in Los Angeles, CA were opened in March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="21369312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369312" title="National Salvation Front in Syria">
National Salvation Front in Syria

The National Salvation Front in Syria ( "Jabhat Al-Khalāṣ Al-Waṭanīy fi Sūrīya"; ) was a Syrian opposition political party founded and based in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="21369313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369313" title="Islands of Chile">
Islands of Chile

Chile has one of the world's longest and most dangerous coastlines, more than 4000 km (2500 mi) long with at least 5000 rocky islands.
Classifications vary for "isla" (island), "islote" (islet), "roquerío" (rocks), "farallón" (cliff) and "archipiélago" or "grupo" (archipelago). The Hydrographic and Oceanographic Service of the Chilean Navy has begun to consider "island" a superface greater than .
Island territory.
They have counted 5,919 "units" between the 18°15'S and 56°32'S latitude, with a total area of , that is 14% of the Chilean Territory (not included the Antarctica claims). The biggest eight islands (Tierra del Fuego, Chiloé, Wellington, Riesco, Hoste, Santa Inés, Navarino and Magdalena), every one bigger than 2,000 km2, represent 56% of the island territory of Chile. The 381 biggest islands, every one bigger than 10 km2, represent 97% of the island territory of Chile.
Geographic classification.
The Chilean "Instituto Geográfico Militar de Chile" classifies the Chilean Islands accordig their position to the continental coasts of Chile:
Phantom islands.
Elizabeth Island (Cape Horn), Podesta (island), Pactolus Bank and some reefs have been mentioned in the past as lying near Chilean territories but they are phantom islands. Gable Island is listed by National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, Country Files (GNS) as a Chilean Island, but it is actually part of Argentina.
Literature islands.
Several reports, novels and tales have the islands of Chile as geographic background:

</doc>
<doc id="21369330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369330" title="Vaskenian Theological Academy">
Vaskenian Theological Academy

Vaskenian Theological Academy (also Vazgenian, Vazgenyan, Vazgenian Seminary) is a theological academy of the Armenian Apostolic Church on the Sevan peninsula on the shores of Lake Sevan in Armenia. It operates under direct supervision of the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin.
History.
The Vaskenian Theological Academy of Sevan was re-established in 1990 on the picturesque peninsula of Lake Sevan. The Academy was opened during the Pontificate and with the blessings of Catholicos Vasken I, and by the direct initiative of Karekin II, Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos of All Armenians, who was then the Vicar of the Araratian Pontifical Diocese. As the re-opening of the Academy was encouraged and approved by Vasken I, it was decided in 1994 by Supreme Patriarch Karekin I that the Academy should be renamed the Vaskenian Theological Academy in honor of Vasken I.
During the first stages of its existence the Academy was housed in the ancillary building that was constructed in 1897 by Catholicos Mkrtich Khrimian (1892-1907) as a building of the Seminary. However, it was never used for that purpose. In the early 1990s it served both as classrooms and a dormitory building for the students of the Seminary, and a portion of the building was made into a dining room. As the seminary grew, the Seminary property was extended and a stone building was added, to be used as classroom. The original building was converted to a complete dormitory. 
In addition to the two buildings, the complex encompasses two Churches that are on the Sevan peninsula adjacent to the seminary, the St. Karapet and St. Arakelots Churches, which serve as the heart of the Sevan Seminary. 
During the course of its history the Vaskenian Seminary, which was always headed and supervised by the Catholicos, had several Deans. Khoren Martirossian (1990-1991), Sasoun Vardanian (1992-1995), Archimandrite Arakel Karamian (later Archbishop) (1995-1996), Minas Martirossian (1996-2000), Bagrat Galstanian (later Archbishop) (2000-2003), Garegin Haroutjunnian (2003-2004), and Mkrtich Proshian (from 2004).
Since its foundation the program and schedule of the Seminary underwent various changes. The Seminary has also hosted several symposiums. Hundreds of pilgrims visit every year.
Programs.
Students have completed their 4th, 5th, and 6th year of education at the Gevorkian Theological Seminary at the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin since their numbers became too great for the Vaskenian Seminary.
The basic curriculum of the seminary includes theology, the Holy Church Fathers, literature, history, art, new and old testament, patristics, liturgics and traditions of the Armenian Church.
Each year the students are expected to create a lot of written work, which is compiled into an annual yearbook or catalog of work, for archival and historical purposes.
In 2005 the seminary started a program of translation of important works. Students with good translation skills translate major works into English and Russian; they are then edited and published.
Later a Green Theology program was introduced, addressing ecological issues.
Buildings.
The Vaskenian Academy of Lake Sevan is situated on the peninsula of Sevan. The original seminary consisted of an ancillary building that was constructed in 1897 by Catholicos Mkrtich Khrimian (1892-1907); however, it was never used for that purpose (in the early 1990s it served as classrooms, dormitory, and dining room). As the seminary grew, the Seminary property was extended and a stone building was added to be used for classrooms; the original building became a dormitory. A dining hall was constructed between the two buildings.
A further building was added in 2004. The capacity of the seminary was increased with the addition of a new dormitory; increasing capacity to 80 students. The Gevorkian Seminary has 150 students.
The seminary consists of an academic and a dormitory building. There is a smaller building connecting the two that served as the old dining hall. Above the seminary at the top of the hill are two churches, St. Karapet and the Church of the Holy Apostles, which are depicted in many scenes of Lake Sevan.
Within the academic building there are an auditorium, 5 lecture halls, a library and offices.
Churches.
The St. Garabet and the Church of the Holy Apostles are used by the students as well as the nearby residents of the town of Sevan. In addition to these two ancient churches, a small chapel has been built within the complex walls of the seminary. The St. James chapel, consecrated at the end of 2005, allows services to be conducted when the weather is inclement.
The St. Garabet and the Church of the Holy Apostles are frequented often by visitors to Lake Sevan. It is viewed as a pilgrimage to climb the long flight of stairs.

</doc>
<doc id="21369347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369347" title="Copelands Landing railway station">
Copelands Landing railway station

Copelands Landing railway station is located at Copeland's Landing in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between White to the west and Malachi to the east, and is used by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369364" title="Askew School of Public Administration and Policy">
Askew School of Public Administration and Policy

The Askew School of Public Administration and Policy, located in Tallahassee, Florida, is a graduate school within the Florida State University College of Social Sciences. The School was founded in 1947 and offers eight specializations within the MPA, as well as joint degree programs with Urban and Regional Planning, Social Work, Criminology and Criminal Justice, and the Florida State University College of Law. It was renamed in honor of the former governor, Reubin Askew.
The Askew School awards undergraduate, masters, and doctoral degrees, and offers non-degree certificate programs, in public administration and related disciplines. It has been consistently ranked by "U.S. News & World Report" as one of the premier and elite public affairs schools in the United States. In addition, the Askew School of Public Administration and Policy was listed as the 3rd most productive in terms of students' publishing while in graduate school. The Askew School boasts a large network of distinguished alumni serving in leadership roles in state and local governments, as well as at the federal level.
National Ranking according to "U.S. News & World Report" (2013 edition).
Rankings

</doc>
<doc id="21369385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369385" title="Thymops">
Thymops

Thymops birsteini, the Patagonian lobsterette, is a species of lobster found around the coasts of South America, particularly the South Atlantic. It belongs to the monotypic genus Thymops.
Distribution.
"T. birsteini" is found on the continental shelf around South America, particularly in the Argentine Sea. In the Atlantic Ocean, it is found south of 37° south, with Uruguay representing the northern extremity of its distribution; on the Chilean (Pacific) side, it is found south of 51° south. Its range includes the areas around the Falkland Islands ("Islas Malvinas") and areas near South Georgia, extending as far south as 57°, close to the Antarctic Peninsula. It lives at depths of .
Description.
"T. birsteini" resembles a typical lobster, with two large claws, four other pairs of pereiopods, and a long pleon (tail). The carapace is granular, especially in the front half, and it bears a rostrum which divides into two points at its tip. The total length may range from , with the carapace being long. Smaller individuals are found in shallower waters, and larger individuals are found at greater depths (up to ). There is also latitudinal variation in colour, with northern individuals being pale yellow, while those from further south are maroon.
Ecology.
Little is known about the biological interactions of "T. birsteini". It is occasionally eaten by the Patagonian toothfish "Dissostichus eleginoides". It seems to prefer muddy bottoms, and has been observed entering and exiting burrows.
Life cycle.
As in other pleocyemates, "T. birsteini" broods its eggs on the female's pleopods. One female may carry up to 380 eggs, each in diameter. The eggs grow as they develop to a size of . Newly hatched larvae have a carapace length of , and are present in smaller numbers than the eggs, with a maximum of 43 observed on a single female. This extended larval release has previously been found in other sub-Antarctic decapods, and is an adaptation to the low temperature, the long time taken for brooding, and the low overall fecundity.
Edibility.
The meat of "T. birsteini" is reported to be excellent, and it is thought that the species could be commercially exploited if sufficient concentrations could be discovered. The average weight of a caught individual is about , of which 30% () is the meaty tail. Daily yields of are typical.

</doc>
<doc id="21369413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369413" title="Mike Rietpietsch">
Mike Rietpietsch

Mike Rietpietsch (born 26 March 1974 in Eberswalde, East Germany) is a German former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="21369436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369436" title="Ricardo Peralta Ortega">
Ricardo Peralta Ortega

Ricardo Peralta Ortega (1951, Belvis de la Jara, Toledo, Spain) is a Spanish politician and former member of the Spanish Parliament.
Married, with two children, he qualified as a Lawyer specialising in Labour Law. He became a member of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in 1972. In 1986 the PCE joined with other left-wing parties to form the coalition United Left (IU) and in 1989 he was elected to the Spanish Congress representing Valencia Province and was re-elected in 1993 and 1996. In September 1997, following internal divisions, he left IU and joined the newly created New Left Democratic Party (Partido Democratico de la Nueva Izquierda). In 1999 he was part of the strand of that party which broke away and merged with the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) which Peralta then joined. He did not stand at the 2000 election.
In May 2008, after an absence from front line politics, he was named as the Central Government's delegate in the Valencian Community.

</doc>
<doc id="21369440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369440" title="Korlai Fort">
Korlai Fort

Korlai Fort (also called Morro or Castle Curlew) is a Portuguese fortification in the town of Korlai, Maharashtra, India. It was built on an island (Morro de Chaul) which guards the way to the Revdanda Creek. It was meant as a companion to the fort at Chaul. At this strategic position the Portuguese could use it to defend their province which stretched from Korlai to Bassein. Vestiges of the Portuguese occupation are manifested in the distinct dialect of the Korlai villages inhabitants which is a Luso-Indian Portuguese Creole called Kristi.
History.
This fort was built in 1521 by the Portuguese with the permission of the Ahmednagar sultanate. In 1521, taking advantage of the confusion in the aftermath of the death of the Burhan Nizam the Portuguese tried to take over the fort. However the sultan retaliated and sent some of his best men to reclaim the fort. Subsequently a truce was reached in which the Ahmednagar sultanate occupied the island and no further fortification of the island took place. Only a wooden cross remained on the island as a sign of its former rulers. 
However in 1594, Abranches, a Portuguese captain with 1,500 soldiers and 1,500 natives took possession of the fort. The besieged soldiers of the Sultanate tried to block their way by putting a dead elephant at the main gate and a dead horse at the inner gate. But in the end they had to surrender. The Portuguese won the fort but not having enough men to stand guard there chose to destroy it leaving only the central tower and a battery intact. 
Before its destruction, Korlai had been described by travelers as a "magnificent fortress as strong as any other in the world". On the inland side - the only place where it was susceptible to be attacked it was protected by a ditch and could only be accessed by a drawbridge. The main entrance was guarded by a bronze lion and the highest tower by a bronze eagle. It housed 7,000 horses and as much men. 
Some parts of it were rebuilt later but now had a garrison of only 50 men. The church within the fort was used for worship on Sundays and holidays. Korlai fort was also strategically very important as it guarded the mouth of the bay. Sambhaji the son of Shivaji tried to take it over but failed and had to withdraw his forces on 6 December 1687. The fort was taken by the Marathas who held it from 1739-1818.
Major features.
The fort is 2828 feet long, and its average breadth is eighty-nine feet. The enclosing wall is 5' 3" high and has 305 battlements for guns. It is entered by eleven gates - four are outer and seven are inner. At the north point, within pistol-shot of main battery is the water cistern named Santa Cruz - major source of water. The area within the fort walls is divided into three enclosures by two lines of bastioned fortifications. Each of the seven bastions bears the name of a saint. The two westward bastions are named São Diego(after Didacus of Alcalá) and São Francisco (after Francis of Assisi). The others are São Pedro, São Inácio, and São Filipe.
The top of the hill is bastioned as well and is and surrounded by a parapet. It has a large rain-water cistern with three mouths, each one foot wide, and the ruins of the magazine and a church. The church was built in 1630 for the use of the army and was functional until 1728.
There are three Portuguese inscriptions. One, over a doorway in the centre and highest part of the fort (see picture), reads as follows:
This castle was commanded to be built by the Viceroy of India Dom Filipe Mascarenhas in November of the year 1646 and Fernão Miranda Henriques being Captain of Chaul, and was finished in May 1680, Cristóvão de Abreu de Azevedo being Captain of this fort.
The inscription is surmounted by a cross with a coat of arms having the Portuguese stars in the centre and surrounded by seven castles. Other inscriptions over the main entrance and over an altar in the chapel are worn out and undecipherable. During the brief Maratha rule, some of the names of the bastions were changed but now the only indication of their presence is some dismantled shrines.

</doc>
<doc id="21369455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369455" title="Elaine Symons">
Elaine Symons

Elaine Symons (born 4 December 1974) is an Irish actress who was trained at the prestigious RADA(Royal Academy of Dramatic Art) active on television since 1997. She is most notable for her role as alcoholic mother-of-five Rose Kelly in the BBC One school TV drama "Waterloo Road", making her first appearance in the first episode of the show's fourth series, screened on 7 January 2009. Her earlier credits include roles in "Sinners" "Totally Frank", "Waking the Dead", "As If", "Custer's Last Stand-up" and "Touched by an Angel". In 2011 Elaine Symons played the role of Kerry Cadogan in the BBC One medical TV drama" Holby City".
Theatre Credits.
Symons starred as Lyra Belacqua in the November 2004 revival of His Dark Materials (play) at the Olivier, National Theatre.Duck (Royal Court), The Seagull (Bristol Old Vic), Lovers (Young Vic), A Month in the Country (Abbey Theatre - nomination for Irish Times Award), Richard III (Trinity, Dublin)

</doc>
<doc id="21369463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369463" title="Highlands J virus">
Highlands J virus

The Highlands J (HJ) virus is a zoonotic alphavirus native to North and South America. It maintains a natural reservoir in the songbird population of freshwater swamps (generally scrub jays and blue jays) and is transmitted by the bite of the female "Culiseta melanura" mosquito. 
Though nearly identical in structure and natural cycle to the Eastern equine encephalitis virus, it is considerably less virulent than its cousin, causing relatively mild symptoms in its primary avian reservoir and only nominally capable of transmission to mammals. A 1995 study conducted in Florida swampland found that 15% of swamp-dwelling jays tested positive for HJ antibodies, all of which were asymptomatic and in apparent good health. Recorded bird deaths from HJ infection are uncommon but not rare, and include several domestic turkeys at a commercial facility and young broiler chickens in an experimental setting.
Transmission to equines or humans via mosquito is also possible, though even more rare. During the 1990-1991 St. Louis encephalitis outbreak in Missouri, 4 patients were found to be comorbidly infected with SLE and HJ, though no harmful effects were attributed to the HJ alone. A limited survey of swamp-dwelling rodents in Florida found one cotton mouse and one cotton rat with antibodies to HJ, both asymptomatic. The sole mammalian fatality attributed to HJ was a Florida horse originally diagnosed with Western equine encephalitis in 1964, which was later redetermined in 1989 to have been caused by HJ.
Despite its negligible virulence in humans, it is often tested for in US domestic mosquito control programs as an indicator of fruitful conditions for other mosquito-borne zoonoses to multiply.

</doc>
<doc id="21369464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369464" title="Mimesis (disambiguation)">
Mimesis (disambiguation)

Mimesis is a philosophical concept.
Mimesis may also refer to:
Mimetic may refer to the Mimetic Muscles see Facial muscles.

</doc>
<doc id="21369465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369465" title="Ryan M-1">
Ryan M-1

The Ryan M-1 was a mail plane produced in the United States in the 1920s, the first original design built by Ryan. It was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with two open cockpits in tandem and fixed, tailskid undercarriage.
Design and development.
The follow-on M-2 was substantially the same as the M-1. The prototype M-1 was originally powered by a Hispano-Suiza 8A, but production examples featured a variety of engines in the same general power range, with the Wright J-4B chosen for nine of the sixteen M-1s built, and the prototype later refitted with this engine.
Operational history.
A M-1 was flown in the 1926 Ford National Reliability Air Tour.
Pacific Air Transport operated J-4B-powered M-1s and M-2s on their demanding Seattle–San Francisco–Los Angeles mail route, while Hispano-Suiza-powered machines flew with Colorado Airways between Cheyenne and Pueblo and Yukon Airways between Whitehorse and Dawson City.
One M-2 (named "Bluebird") was built with a fully enclosed cabin for the pilot and four passengers, foreshadowing Ryan's highly successful Brougham series. 
The standard M-2, meanwhile, was Charles Lindbergh's first choice for his transatlantic flight. His list of requirements for the aircraft soon made it apparent, however, that rather than modifying an M-2, it would be more effective to build an all-new design along the same general lines, which resulted in the Ryan NYP "Spirit of St Louis".
On Display.
The M-1 prototype was restored to flying condition between 1980 and 1984 and is preserved in the Museum of Flight in Seattle. The seventh aircraft is preserved in airworthy condition in Pacific Air Transport markings at the Historic Aircraft Restoration Museum at Creve Coeur airport, Missouri. A replica of an M-1 using a small amount of parts from serial number 11 was built by Andy King in 2001, powered by a Lycoming R-680 and also painted in Pacific Air Transport #7's scheme. A replica M-1 is exhibited in the San Diego Air & Space Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="21369467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369467" title="Serra Monte Cristo">
Serra Monte Cristo

Serra Monte Cristo is a Brazilian mountain range located within the state of Mato Grosso. The state's highest point is located there, measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="21369472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369472" title="Rice Lake railway station">
Rice Lake railway station

Rice Lake railway station is located at the unincorporated place of Rice Lake in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The station is on the Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line, between the Manitoba border, just to the west, and White to the east, and is used by Via Rail as a stop for transcontinental "Canadian" trains.

</doc>
<doc id="21369504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369504" title="1988–89 Hartford Whalers season">
1988–89 Hartford Whalers season

The 1988–89 Hartford Whalers season saw the team finish in fourth place in the Adams Division with a record of 37 wins, 38 losses, and 5 ties for 79 points. They were swept by the Montreal Canadiens in four straight games in the Division Semi-finals.
Regular season.
The Whalers finished the regular season with the fewest short-handed goals scored (3) and the most short-handed goals allowed (18).
Playoffs.
Division semi-finals.
Hartford Whalers vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-seven series 4 games to 0"
Player statistics.
Forwards.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Defensemen.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
Goaltending.
"Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against"
Draft picks.
Hartford's selections at the 1988 NHL Entry Draft:

</doc>
<doc id="21369511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369511" title="Spencer Evans">
Spencer Evans

Robert Spencer Evans was a footballer who played as a half-back for Rhyl Athletic, Wrexham, Chester, Stoke City, Altrincham, Port Vale, and Northwich Victoria before World War II.
Playing career.
Spencer played for Rhyl Athletic (over two spells), Wrexham, Chester, Stoke City (without making a first team appearance) and Altrincham, before joining Port Vale in July 1936. He featured in 34 Third Division North games in both the 1936–37 and 1937–38 seasons. Having fallen out of favour at The Old Recreation Ground, he was given a free transfer to Northwich Victoria in May 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="21369529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369529" title="A History of Scotland (TV series)">
A History of Scotland (TV series)

Presented by Neil Oliver, A History of Scotland is a television series first broadcast in November 2008 on BBC One Scotland and later shown UK-wide on BBC Two during January 2009. The second series began on "BBC One Scotland" in early November 2009, with transmission at a later point on network "BBC Two". In Australia, series one aired on SBS One Sundays at 7:30pm from 6 December 2009 to 3 January 2010. Series two commenced on 24 October 2010 running until 21 November.
Along with the series, BBC Scotland planned a range of radio programmes, a new website, an interactive game, and concerts. The Open University, in collaboration with the BBC, also created a series of audio walks around historic locations in Scotland, with narration from Oliver. 
Episodes.
Episodes are 60 minutes in length, with the following information was sourced from the BBC website.
Series 2.
Summaries obtained from iPlayer descriptions, accessed 20 December 2009.
Reception.
Despite being hailed by BBC Scotland as "one of its most ambitious projects ever", the show has not been without controversy. There have been some claims, on the website of the BBC, that the programme made some errors. Further, the 10-part series has come under fire over claims that it is too "anglocentric".

</doc>
<doc id="21369530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369530" title="Winnitoba railway station">
Winnitoba railway station

Winnitoba railway station is located in Winnitoba, Manitoba. This station is currently in use by Via Rail. Transcontinental "Canadian" trains stop here.

</doc>
<doc id="21369535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369535" title="Exakt Entertainment">
Exakt Entertainment

Exakt Entertainment is an American video game developer based out of Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21369536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369536" title="Walter Mongare Nyambane">
Walter Mongare Nyambane

Walter ""Nyambane"" Mongare (born 1975) is a Kenyan comedian, actor and mock singer. He became popular in the household sitcom Reddykyulass. He is very popular for portraying Kenyan President Daniel Arap Moi in Reddykyulass.
Education.
He attended Lenana School and Kenyatta University.
Television.
Redykyulass Comedy Show, Season 1-4
Red Korna, season 1 and 2

</doc>
<doc id="21369548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369548" title="Zdravko Drinčić">
Zdravko Drinčić

Zdravko Drinčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Здравко Дринчић, born 1 May 1972 in Nikšić, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a retired Montenegrin football player.
He played for VfL Bochum for three seasons, including two in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="21369550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369550" title="Sally Gray (television presenter)">
Sally Gray (television presenter)

Sally Gray (born c 1969) MBE is a British television presenter.
Life and career.
Education and early career.
Gray earned a BA Degree in Communication and Media Studies from Queen Margaret College University in Edinburgh. After graduation Gray began to work behind the scenes at the BBC, and soon after, entered a BBC Journalism course. On this course Gray researched for programmes such as "Question Time", "Public Eye" and "Newsroom South East". In 2001, Gray participated in the celebrity special in the fourth season of "Fort Boyard" alongside Nell McAndrew, Tris Payne, Scott Wright and Keith Duffy.
Television presenting.
Gray began presenting television as a reporter on "GMTV". Gray them moved on to lifestyle shows such as ITV's "Moving Day" in 2004 and "Our House", BBC's "Real Rooms" and "The Really Useful Show". Gray presented "How to Find a Husband... and What to do if You Can't" for UKTV Style in 2006.
Since 2007, Gray runs a company called Presenters Inc, with Jonas Hurst, specializing in TV Presenter Training.
Children's television.
As a CBBC entertainment presenter Gray presented shows including "50/50" between 1997 to 2002 and the multi-award winning "It'll Never Work" from 1993 to 1999, and "Record Breakers" among others.
Honours and charity work.
In 2003 Gray was awarded an MBE for Services to Young People though her work as an Ambassador for the Millennium Volunteers. Gray is also an Ambassador for The Prince's Trust. In 2005, she was voted 44th of Scotland on Sunday's 50 most Eligible Women and in 2006 Gray was ranked 19th.
Personal life.
Gray has been married since August 2009 and together with her husband, they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="21369566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369566" title="American Yvette Company">
American Yvette Company

American Yvette Company was a Chicago, Illinois based business which manufactured cosmetics and operated beauty shops. It throve in the late 1920s and 1930s. The company ran hairdressing and beauty shops in thirty-seven leading department stores in thirty-four cities in the United States, in February 1929. It maintained exclusive rights to manufacture and sell Evera permanent wave machines in the United States and foreign countries. The firm is significant for being innovative during the Great Depression, especially in maintaining efficiency of production.
Earnings.
At that time it exercised economies covering all phases of its operations, reducing costs by approximately 5%. Sales for January and February 1931 increased over the same months of 1930. Profit increase for 1931 was estimated to grow to $3,500,000 from $3,369,952 in 1930.
In December 1929 American Yvette Company reported assets of $1,023,168 and liabilities of $155,438. During the economic upheaval the corporation lost $54,382 at the end of the fiscal year 1935, after expenses and depreciation. The previous year ending August 31, 1934, the net loss was slightly higher, totaling $62,469.
Merger.
The American Yvette Company merged in July 1955 into the Yvette Delaware Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="21369610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369610" title="West Ukrainian football derby">
West Ukrainian football derby

West Ukrainian football derby was an unofficial competition as part of the Ukrainian Premier League that consisted of series of rivalries in the region of western Ukraine.
History.
This derby started with the establishment of the Ukrainian Premier League in 1992. Most of the time the clubs that performed the best in the derby were far from being a successful season overall in the League. Karpaty, being the best club in the region, often had a difficult time to prove themselves as such with their regional neighbors. The derby faded away to lower leagues by 2001. After 2001 new participants such as Zakarpattia and Lviv replaced other teams in the rivalry. From the initial top level participants only Karpaty and Volyn continue to perform in the premiers.
Participants.
After 2001.
FC Nyva Vinnytsia and FC Temp Shepetivka have considered to be as teams from western part of country, yet, they are beyond the Zbruch river and thus really are outside the region. FC Lviv and FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod came later.
Archive.
1992.
Group A
Group B

</doc>
<doc id="21369615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369615" title="Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop">
Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop

The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis, Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The repair shop was established by the city of Minneapolis to reorganize and consolidate the services of the fire department. The shop was also used to convert horse-drawn fire equipment to motorized vehicles.
Between 1929 and 1932, the shop built eight large pumpers because the existing Pierce Arrow touring car chassis, the usual platform for fire equipment at the time, had insufficient capacity. Representatives of the Minneapolis Fire Department visited the Milwaukee Fire Department to learn how they were building their own new pumpers. The Minneapolis shop then started building its new pumpers using components from the Four Wheel Drive company. Four Wheel Drive built the engines, drivetrains, suspension components, and other components, while the Minneapolis Fire Department shops provided the frames, bodywork, pumping equipment, and all other firefighting equipment. The Minneapolis Fire Department also completed the assembly of these vehicles. Although the pumpers had an ungainly appearance and were hard to steer, some of these pumpers remained in active service until 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="21369616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369616" title="Brereton Lake railway station">
Brereton Lake railway station

Brereton Lake railway station is located in the community of Brereton Lake, Manitoba. This station is currently in use by Via Rail. Transcontinental Canadian trains stop here.

</doc>
<doc id="21369620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369620" title="Chadi Jawani Budhe Nu">
Chadi Jawani Budhe Nu

Chadi Jawani Budhe Nu is an Punjabi movie released in 1976 in India.
Synopsis.
A small time businessman (B.S. Sood) reaches the "naughty forties". Now his wife is not good enough anymore, so he decides he needs a modern up to date mistress, resulting in hilarious situations.

</doc>
<doc id="21369632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369632" title="Lakshmikanthan murder case">
Lakshmikanthan murder case

The Lakshmikanthan murder case () was a high-profile criminal trial which was conducted in the then Madras Presidency between November 1944 and April 1947. The cause of the trial was the murder of C. N. Lakshmikanthan, a Tamil film journalist. Lakshmikanthan was stabbed in Vepery, Madras on November 7, 1944 and he died the next morning in General Hospital, Madras. A criminal case was filed and a series of suspects were arrested. The suspects included Tamil film actors M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and N. S. Krishnan and director S. M. Sriramulu Naidu. While Sreeramulu Naidu was acquitted, Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and Krishnan were found guilty and subsequently convicted. Bhagavathar and Krishnan appealed to the Madras High Court but their appeals were turned down. The duo remained in jail until 1947, when an appeal to the Privy Council was successful and the Council directed the sessions court to make a fresh retrial. Both Bhagavathar and Krishnan were found to be innocent and acquitted. The case remains unsolved to the present day and the actual perpetuators of the murder were never found.
The arrest completely broke Bhagavathar's morale. He lost all his money and died in 1959 in penury. Krishnan, however, did a few movies till his death and some of them were successful.
Background.
The feud between the accused and Lakshmikanthan.
C. N. Lakshmikanthan or Lakshmikantham was a famous film journalist of Madras Presidency. His foray into journalism began in 1943 when he launched a film weekly called "Cinema Thoothu" which was extremely successful. He wrote extensive columns devoted to the personal lives of some of the top film actors and actresses of the day. Many actors and actresses responded by paying large amounts of money in order to "buy" his silence. As a result, Lakshmikanthan set up a prosperous vocation.
Eventually, matters reached a standstill when film actors M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and N. S. Krishnan and film director Sreeramulu Naidu submitted a memorandum to the Governor of Madras, Arthur Oswald James Hope requesting him to revoke the license for the magazine. Hope obliged and the license for the magazine was cancelled. Lakshmikanthan tried to run the magazine with forged documents but after a few months, he was forced to close shop.
Unfazed, Lakshmikanthan set up a new magazine called "Hindu Nesan" in which he continued his scandalous stories on Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Krishnan and a few other top actors, actresses and moviepersons of the day. The tactics paid huge dividends and Lakshmikanthan purchased his own printing press.
Lakshmikanthan's Background.
Film historian and author Randor Guy writes that Lakshmikanthan had a dark past with a criminal record. As a young man, Lakshmikanthan desired to become a lawyer but could not afford it as his family was not well-off. However, Lakshmikanthan, with his sufficient knowledge of law, managed to establish himself as a "tout". A tout was someone who brought a case to a lawyer for money, but at times, even forged documents or signatures for a particular sum. Lakshmikanthan was successful for sometime, but was eventually caught and convicted for forgery. Lakshmikanthan tried to escape but was captured and imprisoned on a 7-year term at Rajahmundry jail. He tried to escape once again, but was caught and deported to the Andamans. Lakshmikanthan was eventually released when the islands came under Japanese occupation during the Second World War. He returned to India and established himself as a journalist.
The murder.
In the morning of November 8, 1944, Lakshmikanthan paid a visit to his close friend and lawyer, J. Nargunam, who lived in Vepery. As he was returning to his house at Purasawalkam in a hand-rickshaw, Lakshmikanthan was attacked by a group of unknown assailants one of whom stabbed him with a knife. The bleeding Lakshmikanthan, however, managed to garner enough strength to walk all the way to the lawyer's house, who listened to Lakshmikanthan's description of the incident and then, sent him to General Hospital, Madras in the company of his friend, Mr. Brew, an Anglo-Indian.
On the way, Lakshmikanthan requested the rickshaw-driver to stop at Vepery police station to file a complaint against the assailants. At about that time, Mr. Brew took leave of him. Profusely bleeding and unable to move, Lakshmikanthan dictated his description of the incident while sitting in the rickshaw while inspector Krishnan Nambiyar wrote it down in a piece of paper.
At the General Hospital, Lakshmikanthan was admitted to the Wenlock Ward when bleeding in the abdomen did not cease. In the ward, Dr. P. R. Balakrishnan inspected his abdomen in order to check whether there was a serious wound. After this inspection, Lakshmikanthan's condition reportedly grew serious and he died at 4.15 AM on November 9, 1944 due to secondary shock caused by damage to the kidney.
Arrests.
Six suspects were arrested in the days following the murder. Among them were M.K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, N. S. Krishnan and film producer and theatre owner Sreeramulu Naidu. They were tried for the murder. Bhagavathar and Krishnan were convicted while Naidu was acquitted. The Madras High Court sentenced the duo to transportation for life. Krishnan and Bhagavathar appealed to the Privy Council. However, the appeal from the Privy Council did not come until the duo had already spent 30 months in jail.
Suspects.
M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar.
Mayavaram Krishnamurthy Thyagaraja Bhagavathar (1909-1959) was one of the biggest stars of early Tamil cinema. With his trademark long hair and his sweet voice, he set long-standing records in Tamil cinema. He was also appreciated for his generosity and was perhaps the only film actor to be awarded a "Rao Bahadur" title, which he however, refused.
At the time of his arrest, Bhagavathar was at the peak of his success. He had just completed shooting for "Haridas" which ran for three successful years at Sun Theatre in Broadway. He was the highest paid Tamil actor at the time and had been signed for as many as 12 films at the time of his arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="21369640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369640" title="Maciço do Urucum">
Maciço do Urucum

Maciço do Urucum (aka Morro do Urucum) is a mountain in Corumbá, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil. It is also the highest mountain in that state, reaching . The rock formation is explored for the mining of manganese, the mining being controlled by Rio Tinto Group and Vale do Rio Doce.

</doc>
<doc id="21369642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369642" title="Supermodelo 2008">
Supermodelo 2008

Supermodelo 2008 was the third cycle of the reality TV series in Spain broadcast by Channel Cuatro. The show is based on Tyra Banks' hit series "America's Next Top Model" and is being hosted by Spanish model Judit Mascó. 
In this season the show saw significant changes when former host Judit Mascó left the show with Eloísa González replacing her. Also male contestants were allowed to enter who would compete in a separate competition from the females, whose winner would eventually be the representative for Spain on the annual "Elite Model Contest" as in the two years before.<br>
In the beginning the top 50 from each gender was invited to the official casting audition which took part on a boat where the number of contestants was reduced to 20 in each gender on the first day. After several days of eliminations the top 8 for each gender was announced and the 16 contestants moved into the model villa.
From then on three contestants from each gender got nominated at the end of the week and when one girl and one guy were eliminated they were replaced by two new contestants.<br>
All the changes and variations of the format proved to be very unpopular with Spanish audience and the show was cut after only 5 weeks on air. Since the competition was live the audience was voting for one male and one female winner in the last week with Eva Prieto and Oliver Baggerman winning.
Female Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Male Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="21369656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369656" title="Stradbroke (disambiguation)">
Stradbroke (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="21369669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369669" title="Elma railway station">
Elma railway station

Elma railway station is located in the community of Elma, Manitoba. This station is currently in use by Via Rail. Transcontinental "Canadian" trains stop here. The community is part of the Rural Municipality of Whitemouth.

</doc>
<doc id="21369687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369687" title="Galin Ivanov">
Galin Ivanov

Galin Stefanov Ivanov (; born 15 April 1988 in Kazanlak) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Khazar Lankaran. He plays as an attacking midfielder. His former clubs include Levski Sofia, Beroe Stara Zagora and Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="21369690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369690" title="Del Parson">
Del Parson

Delwin Oliver "Del" Parson (born 1948) is an American painter who is well known for his Latter-day Saint (LDS) themed paintings. His painting of Jesus, "Christ in Red Robe," is recognizable from its wide use by the LDS Church.
Biography.
Parson was born in Ogden, Utah and grew up in Rexburg, Idaho, where his father was an art professor at Ricks College. He is one of nine children, three of whom became professional artists.
Parson attended Ricks College and later Brigham Young University (BYU), where he received a B.A. in Life Sciences in 1972 and a Master of Fine Arts in drawing and painting in 1975. Parson was a gallery and portrait artist before becoming a professor of art at Dixie College in 1988. There he was awarded the Teaching Excellence Award from the Utah College Council in 1990.
After the death of his wife Joycel and youngest daughter in a 1978 car accident, Parson felt inspired to begin painting primarily religious subjects. 
In 1983, he was commissioned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) to paint "Christ in Red Robe," his first portrait of Jesus, which has since been used in many church materials. A popular urban legend claims Parson produced the work under the direction of church general authorities, who suggested how to make it more accurate, until it was deemed the closest resemblance of Jesus Christ. Parson denies this, stating the work's commission and revisions were according to the needs of the church curriculum department. 
In April 2011 the biographical film "Del Parson: Portraits of Love" premiered on BYU-TV.
Parson lives in Cedar City, Utah with his wife Lynette, and has six children.
Artistic work.
Parson is a traditional realist artist and creates mostly LDS art, but also works on other themes, such as landscapes. The LDS Church has commissioned Parson to paint over 240 works, many of which are of Jesus Christ. One painting in particular, of the resurrected Christ exiting the tomb, is found in many LDS chapels and LDS homes. 
Parson has received regional and national awards for his work. His work has been displayed at the Allied Artists of America, National Academy of Design, Knickerbocker Artist, American Artists Professional League, the Amarillo Rotary Show, the Springville Museum of Art, the Morrison-Knudsen corporate headquarters, the LDS Church Art Museum, and the National Center for Constitutional Studies. His work has been the sole subject of exhibits at Dixie College, BYU, Ricks College, the Las Vegas Art Museum, and the James M. Haney Art Gallery in Amarillo, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="21369707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369707" title="The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster">
The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster

The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster is Richard Brautigan's seventh poetry publication. A limited, signed, hard cover edition of fifty copies was issued simultaneously with the soft cover version of the first edition.
The collection of ninety-eight poems includes thirty-eight that were previously uncollected. The rest were gathered from five of Brautigan's previous poetry publications. In some cases, all of the poems from an earlier book were included in this volume.
The title poem uses just four lines to draw a parallel between the 1958 Springhill mining disaster in Springhill, Nova Scotia and the use by the author's lover of birth control pills, in that both leave life, with all of its potential, buried forever.<poem>
"The Pill versus The Springhill Mine Disaster" (1968)</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="21369712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369712" title="Harry Croxton">
Harry Croxton

Harry Clement Croxton (February 1880 – February 1965) was a footballer who played as a half-back. He made 206 appearances (116 in the Football League) and scored 11 times (7 in the football league) for Burslem Port Vale in two spells from 1901 to 1911. He spent 1905 to 1908 at Stoke, making 24 league and cup appearances, scoring one goal.
Playing career.
Croxton joined Burslem Port Vale from Burslem Park in March 1901, and soon became a regular in the side, making 28 appearances for the Second Division side in 1901–02. He played seventeen games in 1902–03, before he became an ever-present throughout the 39 game 1904–05 season. He scored his first goal in senior football on 27 February, in what was a 6–2 victory over Leicester Fosse at the Athletic Ground. He was also an ever-present in the forty game 1904–05 season, scoring in draws with Bradford City and Lincoln City, he also bagged Vale's consolation goal in an 8–1 thumping from Liverpool at Anfield. He scored in a 3–2 win over Chelsea on 30 October, but after making fourteen appearances in 1905–06, he was sold to rivals Stoke in November 1905.
He played eighteen times for the "Potters" in 1905–06, hitting the net in a 4–0 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers at the Victoria Ground. He started the first six games in 1906–07 but Stoke failed to win a match and Croxton was never give a chance again losing his place to George Baddeley who was returning from injury. Stoke suffered relegation at the end of the season after finishing bottom of the First Division. He was absent completely in 1907–08, after which Stoke resigned from the Football League due to financial problems.
Croxton returned to Port Vale in December 1908 and went straight back into the first team. However the club had resigned from the Football League in 1907, and were now competing in the North Staffordshire & District League. He helped the club to both top the division and lift the Staffordshire Junior Cup in 1910, before he retired from football the following year.
Personal life.
Until 1933 he owned the Pack Horse Inn at Longport, near Burslem. He had a family of four daughters and three sons. His eldest son, also named Harry, became a director of Chivers and had a daughter, Jennifer, who became a RADA trained actress and appeared in the celebrated 1960s spy-fi series "The Avengers". One of his daughters, Clara, won the Staffordshire ballroom dancing championship in 1937 with her partner, Basset Riseley, whose father was Lord Mayor of Stoke-on-Trent.

</doc>
<doc id="21369723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369723" title="John A. Moaney">
John A. Moaney

John A. Moaney, Jr. (1914-1978) was born in Easton, Maryland. He joined the United States Army in October 1941 and was sent to England after the start of World War II where he served with the 751 Quartermaster Company. In August 1942, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was in England to plan the invasion of North Africa, Moaney transferred to Eisenhower’s personal staff. For the next twenty seven years Moaney served as Eisenhower’s valet. 
Moaney accompanied Eisenhower throughout the remainder of World War II and was stationed at the White House during Eisenhower’s presidency, including dressing him inside to out every day. After Eisenhower left the White House in 1961, Moaney went with him to his farm in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania (now the Eisenhower National Historic Site). Moaney retired from the Army in 1969 after the President’s death, but continued to work for Mamie Eisenhower until his death in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="21369728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369728" title="Hans von Rokitansky">
Hans von Rokitansky

Baron Hans von Rokitansky (German: "Hans Freiherr von Rokitansky") (8 March 18352 November 1909) was an Austrian operatic bass who sang for three decades at the Vienna Hofoper (now Vienna State Opera) and in concerts and operas throughout Europe between 1856 and 1877.
He performed a wide repertoire that encompassed French grand opera, Italian bel canto opera, the German operas of Richard Wagner, and the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. He possessed a deep resonant voice which remained clear until the very end of his career when his intonation began to suffer somewhat.
After retiring from the stage in 1893, he became a much celebrated singing teacher at the Vienna Conservatory and many of his pupils went on to have highly successful opera careers.
Life and career.
Hans Freiherr von Rokitansky was born in Vienna, the son of Baron Carl von Rokitansky who was a famous physician and natural scientist. Hans's younger brother Baron Victor von Rokitansky (1836–1896), also became a successful opera singer and a composer. He later married Therese Lablache, a soprano and the daughter of the famous operatic bass Luigi Lablache.
Rokitansky studied music in Paris, Bologna, and Milan before making his professional singing début in an 1856 concert in London. The following year he made his first appearance on the operatic stage as Oroveso in Bellini's "Notma" at the Théâtre Italien in Paris. In 1862 he joined the roster at the National Theatre in Prague where his first role was Cardinal Brogny in Fromental Halévy's "La Juive". He left Prague in 1864 to join the Vienna Hofoper where he sang roles for the next twenty-nine years. His many roles at that house included Giorgio in Bellini's "I puritani", Leporello in Mozart's "Don Giovanni", Sarastro in Mozart's "The Magic Flute", Bertram in Meyerbeer's "Robert le diable", the title role in Verdi's "Fiesco", Caspar in Weber's "Der Freischütz", the Landgrave in Wagner's "Tannhäuser", and King Henry in Wagner's "Lohengrin" among others. He also notably portrayed both the High priest and the Guardian of the temple in the world premiere of Karl Goldmark's "Die Königin von Saba" in 1875.
In addition to performing in Vienna, Rokitansky periodically performed in operas and concerts in throughout Europe. He appeared in operas at Her Majesty's Theatre in London in 1865 and in 1866, notably singing Osmin in a revival of Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail". He also appeared in London performances in 1876-1877 and appeared in operas in Florence, Milan, Turin, and Bologna during the 1860s and 1870s.
After leaving the Vienna Hofoper in 1893, Rokitansky taught singing at the Vienna Conservatory for more than a decade. His younger brother Victor, also a successful opera singer and a composer, had taught at the conservatory previously from 1871 through 1880. Several of Hans's students went on to have successful opera careers, including Franz Xaver Battisti and Therese Boschetti. Hans retired to Schloss Laubegg, Styria where he died on 2 November 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="21369738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369738" title="Cerebrospinal fluid leak">
Cerebrospinal fluid leak

A cerebrospinal fluid leak (CSFL) is a medical condition when the cerebrospinal fluid of a person leaks out of the dura mater. This can be caused by several reasons, including spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid leak, post-surgical lumbar puncture (iatrogenic), physical trauma, etc. While high CSF pressure can make reclining unbearable, low CSF pressure due to a leak is often relieved somewhat by maintaining a supine position.

</doc>
<doc id="21369760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369760" title="List of orphans and foundlings">
List of orphans and foundlings

Notable orphans and foundlings include world leaders, celebrated writers, entertainment greats, figures in science and business, as well as innumerable fictional characters in literature and comics. While the exact definition of orphan varies, one legal definition is a child bereft through "death or disappearance of, abandonment or desertion by, or separation or loss from, both parents". According to the United nations, the definition of an orphan is anyone that loses one parent, either through death or abandonment.
Fictional characters.
"See also :Category:Fictional orphans"
Related lists.
See also :Category:Adoptees for lists of notable people who have been adopted (including by step-parents): many adoptees are neither orphans nor foundlings.

</doc>
<doc id="21369764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369764" title="Sascha Siebert">
Sascha Siebert

Sascha Siebert (born November 28, 1977) is a German football player. As of February 2009, he plays for SV Schermbeck. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for VfL Bochum on March 10, 2001 when he came on as a half-time substitute in a game against 1. FC Köln.

</doc>
<doc id="21369816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369816" title="W. Perkins">
W. Perkins

W. Perkins was an early footballer who played for Newark and Burslem Port Vale in the 1900s.
Playing career.
Perkins played for Newark, before signing for Burslem Port Vale in May 1902. He made his debut at the Athletic Ground in a 1–1 draw with Blackpool on 6 September 1902. He scored his first goal for the club on 4 October, in a 2–2 draw with Small Heath, and made a total of 32 Second Division appearances in the 1902–03 season. He played 27 league and seven FA Cup appearances in the 1903–04 campaign, and scored goals against Lincoln City and Stockport County. He returned to Newark in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="21369828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369828" title="Munehiro Kaneko">
Munehiro Kaneko

Munehiro Kaneko (; born June 6, 1968) is a retired male decathlete from Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="21369841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369841" title="German company law">
German company law

German company law ("Gesellschaftsrecht") is an influential legal regime for companies in Germany. The primary form of company is the public company or "Aktiengesellschaft" (AG). The private company with limited liability is known as a "Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung" (GmbH). A partnership is called a "Kommanditgesellschaft" (KG).
Since 2004, many prominent German companies have converted to become a European Company, or Societas Europaea (SE).
History.
In Germany, through most of the 19th century the "Kommanditgesellschaft" ("société en commandite" in France) was the typical form of business organisation. A "KG" had at least one member with unlimited liability, but other investors' liability is limited to their contribution. A special concession was not required for setting up this company. In 1861 the "Allgemeines Deutsches Handelsgesetzbuch" or the General Commercial Code for all of Germany, as well as Austria, was enacted, which devoted a section to joint stock companies. This allowed incorporation with limited liability. Companies would be constituted with a single board of directors, though they had the option of a two tiered board system, involving shareholders appointing a supervisory board, which could in turn elected the management board. 
There were updates to the Handelsgesetzbuch in the "Aktiennovelle von 1870" (New Company Act 1870), and again in 1884. The 1884 reform mandated that companies have a two-tier board, with the justification that free registration rather than a system of state concession, meant a supervisory board was needed to take over the state's monitoring role. The members of the supervisory board were not allowed to serve on the management board. However, shareholders could still directly elect management board members if they so wished. Further reforms to the Handelsgesetzbuch in 1897, but without changing the basic structure.
Aktiengesellschaft.
Shareholder rights.
Shareholders have a list of specific rights allocated to them by the Aktiengesetz, although this is circumscribed by the general principle in AktG §119(2) that issues concerning ‘business leadership’ can only be determined by the executive directors. The voting rights of shareholders are heavily influenced by the banks. Banks appropriate the votes of people who must deposit their share certificates in banks’ accounts. The notable rights for shareholders are as follows
There is no right to control political donations (cf AktG §58). 
Directors’ duties.
German directors have similar duties to most jurisdictions, primarily a duty of loyalty, and a duty to exercise competent judgment. First, the duty of loyalty, or Treuepflicht, derives from the good faith provision in the civil code (BGB §242). 
Second, there is a particular prohibition on taking corporate opportunities and a duty of secrecy, AktG §93(1). 
Third, there is a specific prohibition on competing with the company, AktG §88. 
Fourth, recently introduced was a ‘business judgment rule’. A new provision, AktG §93(1) says, ‘executive members have to exercise the care of an ordinary and conscientious business leader’. 
Derivative litigation.
While German corporate theory posits that the supervisory board should do the work of protecting minority shareholders, and is expected to do the litigating against the executive (AktG §111), minority shareholders may also bring claims against directors. Under AktG §147, ten per cent of shareholders, or those with over €1,000,000 may bring a claim against a director for breach of duty. They will have a special representative appointed to carry out the litigation and the company will pay the costs. There is also a procedure for one per cent of shareholders, or those with an interest over €100,000 to bring a claim (AktG §148). Here the court is more stringent, and like the derivative claim in the UK can strike out an application if it finds reasons for it are lacking. There have been cases where the courts have held that majority shareholders owe a duty of good faith to minority shareholders, but also that minorities who can block actions by the company owe duties to the majority. 
Corporate governance.
Analogous to the UK Corporate Governance Code, which is also a ‘comply or explain’ law, is the Deutsche Corporate Governance Kodex (AktG §161). It replicates a lot of rules already found in the Aktiengesetz. 
Employees.
Under the Mitbestimmungsgesetz, in companies with over 2000 workers just under half the seats on a supervisory board are selected by the workers. In companies with over 500 staff one third of the supervisory must be composed of employee directors under the "Drittelbeteiligungsgesetz". With under 500 staff, there is no automatic right of employees to board representation. However, any workplace with over five people allow workers various rights through elected works councils, and if the business has over 20 staff, employees may force the management into arbitration over redundancies.
Directors.
A large German company is required to have a two tier board system. The basic difference to the law, for instance, in the UK, Sweden or the US, is that an executive directors cannot be removed directly by the members of the company (i.e. shareholders typically, and sometimes employees) but only by a second tier "supervisory" board. The Aktiengesetz §76 the executive's primary role is to manage the company, or look after its day to day affairs. By contrast under Aktiengesetz §111 the supervisory board's role is stated to be to "supervise" ("überwachen"). Originally a supervisory board was a default requirement, so companies could choose whether to have one or not. The practice became utilised in most companies by the 1920s, however in the Aktiengesetz 1937, German law made it a requirement to have a supervisory board. This remained in the post-war reforms.
Members of the executive ("Vorstand", often translated as ‘management board’) are generally appointed for five years. They can be removed by the supervisory board, but only for a "good reason" (AktG §84(3) "ein wichtiger Grund"). This includes a vote of no confidence by the shareholders. However, the supervisory board is not bound to act upon a shareholder vote. Within the executive although all members will generally be appointed by the supervisory board, in companies with over 2000 people there must be one ‘staff director’, Arbeitsdirektor, on the executive who is intended to hold the confidence of the employees, under Mitbestimmungsgesetz 1976 §33. Typically this will mean that staff director is nominated by the unions, though no formal procedure is prescribed.
In companies with over 2000 employees, the supervisory board ("Aufsichtsrat") is composed of half shareholder appointees (Aktiengesetz §§102 and 119) who can only remove the supervisory board members on a 75% vote (AktG §§102-103). The other half is elected by the employees, though in companies with over 8000 employees the employees can let the unions vote on their behalf (Mitbestimmungsgesetz §§7 and 9). However, one chairperson with the casting vote invariably is chosen by shareholders. Initially both the shareholder and employee sides are meant to reach a consensus on the chair. If they cannot reach consensus, it will go to arbitration, and if a solution is still not reached, the shareholders get to choose (Mitbestimmungsgesetz §27).

</doc>
<doc id="21369848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369848" title="Borg (surname)">
Borg (surname)

Borg is a common surname in Scandinavia as well as in Malta. Borg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21369858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369858" title="Schaper">
Schaper

Schaper is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21369863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369863" title="1986–87 New York Islanders season">
1986–87 New York Islanders season

The 1986–87 New York Islanders season was the 15th season for the franchise in the National Hockey League.
Player statistics.
Note: Pos = Position; GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = plus/minus; PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals
<br>      MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals-against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts; SA = Shots against; SV = Shots saved; SV% = Save percentage; 
Playoffs.
The Easter Epic is the nickname given to a National Hockey League Stanley Cup Playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals, played April 18–19, 1987, at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland. It is so named because the game started on Saturday evening but did not finish until the early hours of Easter Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="21369868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369868" title="German contract law">
German contract law

German contract law is found in the Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, in both the "Allgemeine Teil" and the chapter on "Schuldrecht". It forms part of the general law of obligations.

</doc>
<doc id="21369869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369869" title="The Big Love">
The Big Love

The Big Love, is a non-fiction scandalous biographical account of an alleged love affair between actor Errol Flynn and then 15-year-old actress Beverly Aadland, as told by her mother, Florence Aadland.
The original 1961-edition was first published by Lancer Books. A Warner Books Edition was released in 1986. This edition contained an epilogue by Thomey, commenting on Florence Aadland's life and death, and her imprisonment. Currently, the book remains out-of-print.
The book was reviewed by William Styron, a reprint of which appears in This Quiet Dust, and Other Writings.
Stage adaptation.
In 1991, actress-comedian Tracey Ullman played the part of Florence Aadland in a one woman show based on the book.

</doc>
<doc id="21369887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369887" title="Richard Spratly">
Richard Spratly

Captain Richard Spratly (c.1806/1811–1866) was master of the British whaler, the "Cyrus", from at least 1836 until 1844. Spratly Island in the South China Sea and the group of islands and reefs in the area known as the Spratly Islands are named for Richard Spratly.
Early life.
Beyond official logs and court records, little is known about Richard Spratly's personal life. 
Richard Spratly was born between 1806 and 1811 in Chesham, England. He took up his father's profession and became a journeyman butcher. He had two brothers, John Spratly and William Spratly.
Early voyages.
Spratly sailed the "Cyrus", under ownership of a "Mr. Joe".
He owned a close of meadow on Chartridge Lane, the highway from Chesham to Chartridge Green that was mortgaged and sold to William Selby Lowndes in 1836 before leaving port.
He left port in 1836 and returned to Portsmouth in October 1837 with goods from India. It can be assumed from documentation that parties interested in his trades met at the George and Dragon, a pub in Chesham, on 29 May, just prior to his arrival. 
He left port again in June 1838 for a much longer journey, stopping and returning to various ports including the Cape of Good Hope, Celebes and North Island.
In 1840, Richard Spratly was sailing through an area he called Menado, on Australia's North Island. He became the witness to an attack by a local sultan on the Erskine Murray's yacht "Young Queen" captained by Captain Hait and the brig "Anne" captained by Captain Lewis. The account was documented in a letter to one Honorable E. Murray and published in the Sydney Shipping Gazette. 
According to accounts by the crew, on 24 February 1841, the "Cyrus" anchored at Kema Roads, Celebes with a valuable cargo of oil. The next day the crew went ashore, but returned a few men short. Two of them, Heron and Robson, were spotted and told to return but fled from shore after they were confronted only to return later on the 28th. Crew members Howland and Heron went missing on 2 March. Finally on 3 March, after much searching and drunken antics on the Dutch occupied island, the "Cyrus" sailed back to England without the missing crew members. 
Captain Spratly occasionally submitted navigational routes and survey information to "The Nautical Magazine" and the "Naval Chronicles".
Voyage in the Spratlys.
On 29 March 1843, Spratly sighted what is now known in English as Spratly Island and Ladd Reef. Some sources name him Henry (actually the surveyor of Mischief Reef in 1791) or William (Richard's brother and First Officer), but Richard Spratly was the name reported by Captain Doyle of Australia and Captain Campbell of the Hydrographic Office His sighting was reported in "The Nautical Magazine" in the year 1843, issue 697:
The publication of his voyage in the Nautical Magazine and The Naval Chronicle popularized his naming of the island, even though the island had previously been named "Horsburgh’s Storm Island" by Captain James Horsburgh. The British Admiralty finally agreed that the scattered islands in the area be named the Spratly Islands.
Later voyages.
Upon returning to Great Britain in 1844, the crew was summoned to a hearing by William Heron's mother. The incident had not been well documented and there was not enough evidence to suggest one way or the other if Captain Spratly was guilty of abandoning them without a thorough search, therefore no jury trial followed. The account given by the newspapers was starkly different from the crew's accounts recorded by the courts and gave more details of the course of events.
There is also a Captain Richard Spratly listed as master of the "Atalanta", which landed in Victoria in 1858 and Sydney in 1859. There is another entry for a Captain Richard Spratly as master of the Redrose in 1864. These may have been other vessels which he commanded later or possibly a coincidence.
Final days.
Captain Spratly was recorded as residing in Chesham with his mother, Martha Spratly (then widowed) and his brother William Spratly in 1851. Sometime before 1861 he married Fanny Spratly. He died in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="21369888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369888" title="Whitechapel (TV series)">
Whitechapel (TV series)

Whitechapel is a British television drama series produced by Carnival Films, in which detectives in London's Whitechapel district dealt with murders which replicated historical crimes. The first series was first broadcast in the UK on 2 February 2009 and depicted the search for a modern copycat killer replicating the murders of Jack the Ripper.
A second series was commissioned by ITV in September 2009 with the focus on the Kray twins. The first episode of this second series was broadcast on 11 October 2010.
A third series was commissioned by ITV in March 2011, which was extended to six episodes as three two-part stories.
The first and second series were broadcast in the United States on six consecutive Wednesday evenings beginning 26 October 2011 on the BBC America cable network. The third was broadcast in the US starting on Wednesday 28 March 2012, also on BBC America.
On 24 September 2012, ITV renewed "Whitechapel" for a fourth series consisting of six episodes. The first episode was broadcast on 4 September 2013.
On 16 November 2013, lead actor Rupert Penry-Jones confirmed that ITV had decided not to recommission the show.
Production.
The first season was written by Ben Court and Caroline Ip. ITV Director of Drama Laura Mackie said ""Whitechapel" is a very modern take on the detective genre which combines the Victorian intrigue of the original case with the atmospheric backdrop of a contemporary East End of London. This is not simply about bloodthirstily recreating the Ripper murders, but rather focusing on the three main characters at the heart of the story and the black humour that binds the team together."
Reception.
"Whitechapel" debuted on 2 February 2009 at 9pm with 8.13 million viewers on the overnight ratings. Series one received positive reviews, and holds a Metacritic score of 75 out of 100, indicating "generally favourable" reviews.
A review in the "Leicester Mercury" said that it was ""Life on Mars", without the time-travel" adding "what Whitechapel lacked in originality, it more than made up for with atmosphere and enthusiasm." After Episode 2 was broadcast on 9 February, Andrew Billen in "The Times" said that he had warmed to it more and more, adding, "slowly, the show is making Ripperologists of us all, as Jack's 'canonical' murders are separated from the ones he actually committed. It is all in the worst possible taste and bloody good fun." However, "The Daily Telegraph" was less impressed, writing "The premise was feeble, the script imbecilic, the acting on autopilot, the direction lacking in any glimmer of tension."
Series two received favourable reviews, and holds a Metacritic score of 69 out of 100, indicating "generally favourable" reviews.
Main cast.
</onlyinclude>
Episode list.
Series 3 (2012).
"Whitechapel" was commissioned for a third series in March 2011. Unlike the previous two series, which were each based on a single event, the new series was split into three separate 2-part stories. The new six-episode season was shown in 2012 in its usual ITV time slot. Rupert Penry-Jones, Phil Davis and Steve Pemberton resumed their roles in the programme.

</doc>
<doc id="21369922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369922" title="2002 Welsh Open (snooker)">
2002 Welsh Open (snooker)

The 2002 Regal Welsh Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 23–27 January 2002 at the Cardiff International Arena in Cardiff, Wales. 
Paul Hunter defeated Ken Doherty 9–7 in the final to win his second ranking title.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21369933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369933" title="Serra do Acari">
Serra do Acari

The Serra do Acari or Acari Mountains are a mountain range in the border of Brazil and Guyana. The range runs though the north side of the Brazilian city of Oriximiná, Pará, and the south side of East Berbice-Corentyne region in Guyana. The highest point of Pará is located there, at .

</doc>
<doc id="21369937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369937" title="SS Bessemer">
SS Bessemer

The SS "Bessemer (also called the Bessemer Saloon") was an experimental Victorian cross-Channel passenger paddle steamer with a swinging cabin, a concept devised by the engineer and inventor Sir Henry Bessemer, intended to combat seasickness.
Background.
Bessemer, a severe seasickness sufferer, devised in 1868 the idea of a ship whose passenger cabin - the Saloon - would be suspended on gimbals and kept horizontal mechanically to isolate the occupants from the ship's motion: an idea he patented in December 1869. After successful trials with a model, the levelling achieved by hydraulics controlled by a steersman watching a spirit level, Bessemer set up a limited joint stock company, the Saloon Ship Company, to run steamships between England and France. This gained £250,000 capital, financing the construction of a ship, the "SS Bessemer", with the naval constructor Edward James Reed as chief designer.
Construction.
The "SS Bessemer" was a 4-paddle steamer (2 paddles each on port and starboard, one fore, one aft), length , breadth at deck beam , outside breadth across paddle-boxes, , draught , gross register tonnage 1974 tons. The internal Saloon was a room by , with a ceiling from the floor, Morocco-covered seats, divisions and spiral columns of carved oak, and gilt moulded panels with hand-painted murals. "Bessemer" was built by Earle's Shipbuilding of Hull. She was yard number 197 and was launched on 24 September 1874.
Career.
The ship sailed from Dover to Calais on a private trial in April 1875. On arrival, it sustained damage to a paddle-wheel when it hit the pier at Calais, due to its failure to answer to the helm at slow speed. The first and only public voyage took place on 8 May 1875, the ship sailing with the swinging cabin locked (some observers suggested due to its serious instability., although Bessemer ascribed it to insufficient time to fix the previous damage). The ship was operated by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway. After two attempts to enter the harbour, it crashed into the Calais pier again, this time demolishing part of it. 
The poor performance lost the confidence of investors, leading to the winding-up of the Saloon Ship Company in 1876. The ship remained in dock at Dover until being sold for scrap in 1879. When the ship was broken up, its designer Reed had the Saloon cabin moved to his home, Hextable House, Swanley, where it was used as a billiard room. When the house later became a women's college, Swanley Agricultural College, the Saloon was used as a lecture hall, but was destroyed by a direct hit when the college was bombed in World War II.
References.
Primary reference: The Bessemer Saloon Steam-Ship, Chapter XX, "Sir Henry Bessemer, F.R.S.
An Autobiography", online at University of Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="21369940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369940" title="Tom McFarlane">
Tom McFarlane

Thomas "Tom" McFarlane (born 1872) was a Scottish footballer who played at full-back for Hibernian, Burslem Port Vale and Middlesbrough in the 1890s and 1900s.
Playing career.
McFarlane joined Burslem Port Vale in November 1898 and made his debut at the Athletic Ground in a 2–0 defeat by Leicester Fosse on 12 November. He became a regular in the side and made 22 Second Division and five cup appearances in the 1898–99 season. He played 31 league and 10 cup games in the 1899–1900 campaign, before he departed for league rivals Middlesbrough in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="21369950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369950" title="Lectionary 2">
Lectionary 2

Lectionary 2, designated by siglum ℓ "2" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). 
It is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on vellum leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th-century. Formerly it was variously dated. Scrivener dated to the 9th-century, Henri Omont to the 14th-century, Gregory to the 10th-century. In the present day it is unanimously dated to the 10th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains Lessons from the Gospels lectionary ("Evangelistarium") with some lacunae. The text is written in Greek uncial letters, on 257 parchment leaves (), 2 columns per page, 18 lines per page. It has musical notes.
History.
The manuscript once belonged to Colbert. It was examined and described by Wettstein and Scholz, Paulin Martin, Henri Omont, and William Hatch. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament of UBS (UBS3).
The codex now is located in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 280) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21369982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369982" title="Cam Sedgwick">
Cam Sedgwick

Cam Sedgwick (born February 14, 1978 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a professional lacrosse player for the Washington Stealth of the National Lacrosse League. He played his last game on Saturday, April 28, 2012
NLL career.
Cam Sedgwick was originally drafted by the Toronto Rock (second round 13th overall) in 1998. He played three seasons for Vancouver Ravens (2002–04) prior to joining Stealth. Sedgwick was named Rookie of the Month (January 2003) as a member of the Ravens. He scored 48 points (16 goals, 32 assists) for Vancouver in 2003. Sedgwick was selected first round (third overall) by Arizona in the Vancouver Dispersal Draft in 2004.
He is now retired playing his last game Saturday April 28
WLA career.
Sedgwick has played for the Burnaby Lakers in the Western Lacrosse Association (2001–Present). He won the Commissioner’s Trophy as the League’s Most Valuable Player in 2007 and 2008. Sedwick scored 52 points (27 goals, 25 assists) and was third in the league with 26 playoff points in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21369985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369985" title="Lille (song)">
Lille (song)

"Lille" is the debut solo single by Lisa Hannigan, taken from her award-nominated debut album "Sea Sew". It received its world premiere on Tony Fenton's Today FM show on 31 July 2008, demoed on lisahannigan.com and was later released as a free download in Ireland on 25 August 2008.
Lille became an airplay hit on Irish and American radio stations and earned the admiration of the Grammy-nominated Californian singer-songwriter Jason Mraz who invited Hannigan to support him on a 42-date US tour in late 2008 Hannigan then signed with ATO Records in the US, where her album was released in February 2009, although it is currently available from the US's iTunes Store.
Hannigan performed "Lille" on "The Late Late Show" on 12 September 2008.
The song was also performed at the nominations ceremony of the 2009 Mercury Prize in London when "Sea Sew" was shortlisted for the award. The performance preceded increased media interest in the singer in the United Kingdom.
The song features in the Neil Jordan film "Ondine".

</doc>
<doc id="21369988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369988" title="Kyaukme, Shan State">
Kyaukme, Shan State

Kyaukme ( ) is a town in northern Shan State of Burma. It is situated on the Mandalay - Lashio road, after Pyin U Lwin and Nawnghkio, and before Hsipaw, on what is now the Mandalay - Muse road, part of the Asian Highway route 14 (AH14). It is also connected to Momeik (Mongmit) in the Shweli River valley and Mogok with its ruby mines. Kyaukme can be reached by train on the Mandalay-Lashio railway line.
History.
During the Second World War, the B-25s and P-47s of the USAAF Tenth Air Force carried out bombing raids between October 1944 and March 1945 on Kyaukme station, rolling stock, tracks and roads as well as Japanese troop concentrations in the area.
On 12 February 1945, British and American units of Lt Gen Sultan's Northern Combat Area Command (NCAC) were advancing south towards Lashio and Kyaukme but were being held up by heavy fighting near the Shweli River. Kyaukme was captured on 31 March 1945 by the British 36th Infantry Division and Chinese 6th Army units, which cleared the Burma Road from Mandalay to Lashio.
Economy.
Kyaukme has been, since before British colonial rule, the main trading centre for tea from Tawngpeng, and the hills around Kyaukme itself, inhabited by the Palaung.
Burma and China signed a contract in August 2003 for a hydel power project. A dam is under construction on the Shweli River near Namhkam aiming to supply electricity to Kyaukme, Hsipaw, Lashio and Namtu.
Health.
Malaria is endemic in the area, and its control has been the concern of the WHO since the 1950s. Women of reproductive age (15-49) in Kyaukme and Nawnghkio have been targeted for improvement in reproductive health in the community in collaboration with Japan. A study mission was started in June 2004, with the project continuing for the period January 2005- December 2009.
Politics.
The Shan State Army (SSA-North)'s Third Brigade has been active in Mongmit, Kyaukme, Hsipaw, Namtu and Lashio. It reached a cease-fire agreement with the Burmese military government (SLORC) in 1989, and its activities have been severely curtailed.
During the Saffron Revolution, on 24 September 2007, 37 Buddhist monks in Kyaukme staged a peaceful protest march which ended without interference from the authorities, but they were prevented from repeating the protest the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="21369993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21369993" title="Norum">
Norum

Norum is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21370001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370001" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2008)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2008)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2008, by order of first appearance.
Tina McIntyre.
Tina McIntyre is a famous character from "Coronation Street". Making her first appearance on 7 January 2008, Tina cemented herself as the new "gobby goddess" of Weatherfield. Tina was initially introduced as a new girlfriend for established character, David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd). She was shortly joined by her father, Joe (Reece Dinsdale), who ended up marrying David's mother, Gail (Helen Worth). In February 2010, Joe died after faking his own death in an insurance scam, which devastated Tina. Since then, Tina has highlighted issues such as perjury, abortion and surrogacy. She has also had many relationships, including ones with David, Graeme Proctor (Craig Gazey), Tommy Duckworth (Chris Fountain), Dr. Matt Carter (Oliver Mellor) and Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas). In May 2013, Tina gave birth to Jake Windass, who's biological parents are Izzy Armstrong (Cherylee Houston) and Gary Windass (Mikey North), but Tina acted as a surrogacy for the couple. Tina decided she wanted to keep the baby, and name him after her late father Joe, but the Windasses were infuriated, leading to Gary angry mother Anna (Debbie Rush) slapping Tina. Tina has also developed an unbreakable friendship with Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox) since her first appearance in 2008, although they have had their disagreements. In late 2013, Tina began an affair with Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne), who was married to no-nonsense factory boss, Carla Connor (Alison King). They began a full affair, although Tina's boss Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) and her son Steve (Simon Gregson) eventually found out. Tina has also had many feuds, particularly with Kylie Platt (Paula Lane), Kirsty Soames (Natalie Gumede) and Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford).
In May 2014, Peter decides to tell Carla about his affair with Tina, whilst also promising Tina that he will leave Weatherfield with her. While this is happening, Tina is slapped by Rita for insulting Rita's marital status. Tina is later visited by Rob Donovan (Marc Baylis), who is Carla's brother and Tracy's fiancé, and he attacks Tina in her own home She heads to the balcony, where an explosive argument ensues. Tina ends up being thrown off the balcony, plummeting onto the cobbles below. She survives the fall, but Rob beats her with a metal pipe to ensure that she dies. Tina's final scenes aired on 2 June 2014, where she died tragically in hospital, ending 6 years on "Coronation Street".
Barry Connor.
Barrington "Barry" Connor is the father of Paul (Sean Gallagher), Liam (Rob James-Collier) and Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). Barry first appeared in February 2008 along with his wife, Helen, and nephew, Tom Kerrigan (Philip McGinley), to attend Liam's wedding to Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie). He returned to the street on 20 October after hearing news of Liam's death in a hit and run accident. He and Helen went home after apologising to Carla (Alison King) for telling her what to do. Barry and Helen returned on 24 November 2008 to celebrate their fortieth wedding anniversary. Barry and Helen returned in July 2009 to meet their new grandson, Liam, but after clashing with Maria over Tony's involvement in baby Liam's life, they returned to Ireland.
They returned again in October 2009 for the first anniversary of Liam's death, they were horrified by Maria and Tony Gordon's (Gray O'Brien) relationship and even more when they learned they were engaged. They eventually accepted it, however, and attended baby Liam's christening and left Weatherfield on good terms with Maria and Tony. 
They returned again in November 2009 after Tony admitted to the police and Maria that he did arrange for Liam to be killed. Michelle rang Barry and Helen to tell them the horrifying news. They booked a flight to Manchester immediately and comforted Maria. Deciding she needed to leave Weatherfield for a while, Maria and Liam went to Ireland to stay with Barry and Helen. In the end he returns to Ireland after making a pass at Liz.
He returned on 4 October 2013, telling Michelle initially that her mother had gone on holiday with a friend from her book club. Suspicious, Michelle rang her parents' home to check and her mother was there but insisted that Michelle ask her father why they were now separated. Michelle tried to insist that her father talk to her mother but that just led to more arguments.
When Michelle caught a drunk Barry trying to seduce Liz, she was furious and insists that he goes back to Ireland to sort things out with Helen, but Barry tries to talk out of it. Eventually, he gave up and admits that Helen caught Barry sleeping with one of her friends, Aoife. Michelle was angry and has booked two flights to Ireland with Barry to sort it out with Helen.
Helen Connor.
Helen Jacqueline Connor is the mother of Paul (Sean Gallagher), Liam (Rob James-Collier) and Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). Helen first appears in February 2008 along with her husband, Barry and nephew, Tom Kerrigan (Philip McGinley), to attend Liam's wedding to Maria Sutherland (Samia Ghadie). She returns to the street on 20 October 2008, after hearing the news of Liam's death in a hit and run accident. She and Barry go back to Ireland after apologising to Carla (Alison King) for telling her what to do. Helen and Barry return on 24 November 2008 for their 40th wedding anniversary.
Helen returns along with Barry in July 2009 to visit their new grandchild Liam. She isn't happy with Tony Gordon's (Gray O'Brien) presence in the house and makes both Tony and Maria aware of this. Helen soon begins arguing with Maria, accusing her of trying to replace Liam with Tony.
Helen continues to show her dislike towards Tony, and in her return to the cobbles in October 2009, for baby Liam's christening, she tells him
that she does not approve of the situation but is willing to be civil. During their stay, they visit Liam Sr's grave, and upon returning discovers that daughter-in-law Maria is now engaged to Tony. Helen is enraged, accusing Maria of betraying Liam's memory. Helen later softened on the situation, and after attending Liam's christening, she and Barry returned to Ireland on good terms with Maria and Tony.
On 20 November, Helen and Barry returned after Tony Gordon handed himself into police and admitted that he had had Liam killed. The two supported Maria, and she soon decided she wanted to go to Ireland with them and the baby rather than stay in Weatherfield and be reminded of Tony. They left on 26 November.
In June 2010, she rang The Rovers wanting to speak to Michelle but ended up speaking to Ciaran (Keith Duffy). The two had a long, friendly conversation and exchanged stories about Michelle. She rang again later that week and once again spoke to Ciaran, who told her that he loved her lemon drizzle cake (which she'd sent to Michelle), when actually he didn't - something which Michelle pointed out. Ciaran replied to Michelle that her mother had a 'sexy voice'.
Tom Kerrigan.
Thomas "Tom" Kerrigan, played by Philip McGinley, is the cousin of Liam (Rob James-Collier), Paul (Sean Gallagher) and Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). He returns to "Coronation Street" in June 2008, having previously being seen at Liam's stag party in February that year. On his return, he flirts with Carla (Alison King), Paul's widow, much to her fiance, Tony Gordon's (Gray O'Brien) dislike. On 23 March 2009 it was revealed that Tom had been axed from the show.
Tom makes friends with gay character Sean Tully (Antony Cotton). On 3 September 2008, Sean mistakenly thinks Tom is gay and when Tom tells Sean that he is straight, Sean leaves in a huff. This leads to Sean's partner, Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou]), punching Tom after he suspects that he has slept with Sean.
In September 2008, Tom and Liam go into business together, selling men's shirts, called 'Lad Rags'. Unable to get a loan from the bank, Tom turns to Carla who gives him the £50,000 that he needs, on the condition that she can have a 25% share in the business. This angers Liam initially but he eventually accepts the partnership. He insists, however, that Carla's 25% comes out of Tom's share of the business.
Tom is devastated when Liam is killed by a hit-and-run driver in October 2008. Weeks after his death, Tom is confronted by Liam's wife Maria (Samia Ghadie) about Carla's involvement in 'Lad Rags' and he is forced to admit that Carla had invested money in the business. On 3 December 2008, at Tony and Carla's wedding, Tom and Michelle discover Liam and Carla's affair as Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor) reveals it to Maria. This infuriates her and she is about to confront Carla, but she and her new husband, Tony, have already left for their honeymoon. Tom is confused as to Maria's repeated allegations, and tries his best to convince her that he knew of no affair. When Maria begins to believe Tony killed Liam, Tom tries to convince her of Tony's innocence, despite his own initial suspicions on the night of Liam's death.
In March 2009, Maria receives Carla's 25% share of 'Lad Rags' making Tom a minority shareholder to her combined 75%. Around this time, he begins to have feelings for her and is not happy when she seeks financial advice from Tony about the business. Tony warns Tom to keep out of it, saying that he knows about his crush on Maria. This infuriates Tom and as revenge he reveals to Tony's new business partner Luke Strong (Craig Kelly) that Tony is having him followed by a private investigator. Tom leaves the Street in April, following a big argument with Maria and Tony. He is last seen kissing Kelly Crabtree (Tupele Dorgu) outside the Rovers on her birthday, leaving Tony and Maria inside.
Dylan Wilson.
Dylan James Wilson is the son of Violet Wilson (Jenny Platt) and Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) and first appeared on 22 February 2008, having been delivered by Sean and his partner Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou) in the Rovers, as it was too late to go to the hospital.
He was due to be born four weeks later and Violet and her boyfriend Jamie Baldwin (Rupert Hill) intended for him to be born in London after they planned to leave Weatherfield because of Sean's involvement. When he was born in the Rovers, Sean bonded with his son, and said that when he was born, he looked straight at him and was lost for words at the fact he was the first person his son saw. Jamie also bonded with Dylan, although found it hard because Sean was his biological father and present at the birth.
Dylan was named by his mother and Jamie. They wanted a name that would go with Wilson and Baldwin. His middle name is "James" after Jamie. Sean suggested changing his last name to "Wilson-Tully" and asked if they would name him as Dylan's father on his birth certificate but Violet and Jamie refused. Dylan left the street on 29 February with his mother, Violet, and Jamie. Violet and Jamie decide to record Jamie as Dylan's father on the birth certificate instead of Sean in order for Jamie to be his legal father, and for their fresh start in London to be easier.
In April 2011, Sean goes to London to visit Dylan and he and Marcus, who is also living in London, take him out for the day and visit the famous sights in the city. When they return Dylan home, they discover Violet and Jamie have split up and Sean offers to take Dylan to Weatherfield for a while in order for Violet and Jamie to patch things up but Violet refuses and makes an offensive remark about Sean's sexuality and he leaves, saddened. In June 2011, Sean is informed that Violet has been injured in a car crash and is in hospital. Dylan comes to stay with Sean in Weatherfield until she recovers. Sean and Marcus take turns in looking after Dylan and Marcus enters Dylan in a competition at Freshco's supermarket for a child model to pose in an advert. Marcus is chosen to be Dylan's "father" in the advert as he is told he is more photogenic than Sean. Sean becomes jealous of Marcus and he turns the offer down as a result. In September, Dylan returns home to his mother in London after Violet has recovered. Dylan returns briefly in April to stay with Sean and Marcus.
Dylan returned briefly on Christmas Eve 2012, to spend Christmas with Sean. He left on 28 December.
D.C. Weller.
D.C. Weller was played by Caroline Paterson. She is the police detective heading the investigating team after David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) pushes his mother, Gail (Helen Worth) down the stairs of their home in March 2008. She reappears on 17 December 2008, to question Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) over the death of Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier), and again on 26 January 2009, when Liam's widow Maria (Samia Ghadie) runs Tony down with her car. She most recently appeared to talk to Colin Grimshaw (Edward de Souza) about having sex with Paula Carp (Sharon Duce) while she was under age, however, he dies of a heart attack before she can question him. 
Ted Page.
Ted Page played by Michael Byrne, is the long-lost father of Gail Platt (Helen Worth), and made his first appearance on 28 April 2008. A week after his arrival, Ted reveals that he is gay, and has recently lost his partner of twenty years.
Gail's mother Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) had a relationship with Ted, who was a soldier at the time, in the hope that he would propose and she would then get her son, Stephen (Todd Boyce), back. She lost her nerve and never told Ted that she was expecting their child. It is only when Ted gets in touch again that she tells him he is the father of her daughter. Ted is distressed when he realises how much he has missed that he has grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Ted meets Gail and they bond almost instantly.
Ted supports his grandson David (Jack P. Shepherd) when he goes to a job interview at a hair salon, writing a false reference in Audrey's name. He befriends Ken Barlow (William Roache), offering him an extra ticket for a play. This leads to Ken's mother-in-law Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones) suspecting Ken could become gay. Ted supports Audrey following her car accident and breakup with Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) in 2008. Ted leaves the Street in Autumn 2008, but returns on 28 January 2009, following a visit to London. Upon his return, Ted supports the Platts in their feud against the Windasses and is also drawn into Ken's complex relationship with Martha Fraser.
On 5 June 2009, Ted house-sits for Audrey, while she and Gail visit Ted's granddaughter Sarah (Tina O'Brien) in Milan, and is met by David's enemy, Gary Windass (Mikey North) who is burgling the house after being set up by David. Ted confronts Gary and chases after him; the police and ambulance are called, but Ted refuses to go to hospital. Later he goes back to the Street and confronts Gary's parents, Eddie (Steve Huison) and Anna (Debbie Rush). That evening, Ted suffers a heart attack, caused by a delayed reaction to the earlier exertion. He undergoes surgery successfully and positively identifies Gary as the burglar. David confesses to everything, leaving Ted ashamed of him. An apologetic Gary tells Ted that David set him up and that he had not meant anyone to get hurt. Ted shakes Gary's hand and forgives him. He subsequently becomes good friends with the Windasses and also forgives David.
In November 2009, Gary makes an insulting remark about the armed forces when he sees Ted wearing a poppy for Remembrance Day. Ted and Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne), who had served in the Navy, tell Gary and to show some respect. The next day, Gary apologises to Ted and asks to hear about his days of service. Ted's stories from his army years eventually inspire Gary to join the army himself.
Ted is off-screen throughout December 2009, but reappears on 7 January 2010, the day before Gail's wedding to Joe McIntyre (Reece Dinsdale) and meets Nick Tilsley (Ben Price), his oldest grandson, for the first time. Joe, who is in debt, cons Ted into lending him £4000. The following day, Ted gives Gail away as she marries Joe. Ted made his final appearance to date on 29 January 2010, when he requested Joe pay back the money he had loaned him by the following week.
Five months later, Gail rang Ted to inform him that she had been acquitted of Joe's murder.
Paul Connor Jr..
Paul Connor Jr. was the stillborn son of Liam (Rob James-Collier) and Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie) born on 30 April 2008. Paul wasn't due to be born until July but was delivered prematurely.
He was named after his deceased uncle Paul, who had died ten months before. Maria discovered that her baby had died on 28 April when she went for an emergency scan after telling Sean Tully's (Antony Cotton) boyfriend, Marcus Dent (Charlie Condou), that she hadn't felt the baby move for a few days.
Maria didn't tell Liam and went to stay with her friend/boss Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls). Liam found out that Maria had lost the baby from a midwife. He and Maria separated briefly, holding the baby's funeral on 9 May 2008, where Liam carried Paul's tiny coffin. Liam and Maria subsequently got back together although he had a one night stand with Carla Connor (Alison King). Liam died in October 2008 when Maria was six weeks pregnant.
Paul's brother, Liam Connor Jr., was born on 1 July 2009.
Ann McIntyre.
Ann McIntyre (previously called Anna) is the mother of Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan). Originally called "Anna" and played by actress Susan Mitchell, she appears in one episode in May 2008. Anna appears after receiving a telephone call from Gail Platt (Helen Worth), telling her that Tina is okay after moving into the Platts' house earlier on in the week. Fuming at the innocent call, Anna storms round to the house, demanding to see Tina, and doesn't hold back in letting her know her feelings on the matter. An argument ensues as Anna calls Tina's boyfriend David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) a criminal, to which Tina responds by revealing that she was pregnant with his child but had an abortion. As the argument escalates, Gail intervenes and throws Anna out.
In June 2014, now called "Ann" and played by actress Lorraine Hodgson, she returns following Tina's murder. Ann meets up with Tina's friend and former employer, Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox), in the café. She admits to growing estranged from Tina and only communicating with her by telephone occasionally. Rita expresses her condolences and Ann reveals that Tina spoke highly of her. Ann later goes for a drink in The Rovers Return pub, where Tina had worked, along with Rita and her former husband Dennis Tanner (Philip Lowrie). Ann reminisces about Tina's birth, telling Rita and Dennis that she had been in labour with her for 22 hours and that she had promised to always look out for her. Whilst they are there, Ann is approached by Rob Donovan (Marc Baylis), who unbeknown to her is Tina's killer. Rob expresses his condolences and offers to support Ann and help with the funeral arrangements. Rita then assures Ann that Tina was popular and well liked in the local area. 
The next day, Ann meets up with Dennis, Rita and David, in The Rovers and asks about Tina's relationship with Rob. Rita and David explain that they had flirted with each other a few months previously. Ann also reveals that she has chosen readings and written a eulogy for the funeral and David offers to pick music for the service, that Tina would have liked. Ann also suggests handing out bookmarks and key rings to the mourners, but Rita discourages her, telling Ann that it wasn't "very Tina". As Ann is about to leave, she bumps into Carla Connor (Alison King), Rob's sister, whose husband Tina had been having an affair with. A drunk Carla berates Tina in front of Ann, telling her that she blames Tina for her miscarriage that she had suffered the previous week, and the breakdown of her marriage. She also reveals that she had liked Tina, prior to finding out about the affair, and drunkenly asks Ann why Tina did what she did, and has to be led away by Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard). Ann then leaves, bumping into Rob as he arrives at the pub to check on Carla, on her way out. The following week, Ann visits Rita in "The Kabin" and gives her some flowers to thank her for her support. She also asks Rita to read a eulogy at Tina's funeral. Rita is reluctant at first but Ann tells her that she knew Tina better than she did and she agrees to do it.
Ann is next seen at Tina's funeral. Following the service, Ann goes with Gail to the grave of her ex-husband Joe (Reece Dinsdale) and remarks that Tina would have been pleased to be buried near her father. Ann also reveals that Tina was always closer to her father when she was a child. Rob also approaches Ann and apologizes for Tina's death. Ann then wonders what type of person Tina's killer is to have done what they did to her, making Rob feel guilty. She apologizes for her outburst and a tearful Rob asks for her forgiveness but when Ann asks what for, Rob says for not be able to change what happened, saying he wished he could. Ann is disgusted when Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne), who Tina had been having an affair with, causes a drunken scene and makes a remark which suggests he is guilty of the murder. Later at Tina's wake in the Rovers, Ann has drinks with Rita, Dennis and Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) and angrily asks how Peter had the nerve to show his face at the funeral and believes that he is Tina's killer. When Peter's stepmother Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) hears the news and defends Peter, Ann asks her to leave the pub and not ruin the wake as the funeral had already been ruined. Rita, Dennis and Norris reassure Ann again that Tina would not be forgotten and reminisce about her again. Ann then leaves Weatherfield and is not seen again.
Clarissa Mason.
Clarissa Mason, played by Alexandra Boyd first appeared in May 2008 as Harry Mason's (Jack Ellis) separated wife. He refused to help her, as she had just told him that she had lost her drivers license due to speeding, so she left. She returned on 23 May, when Harry hired Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) to drive her around for a while. She returned to the street on 2 July, to cause some more trouble for Harry. She later began to expect more from Lloyd, and even insisted on him buying her a drink in the Rovers Return on 11 July 2008. On 23 July 2008, Clarissa agreed on a divorce settlement. Clarissa reacted when Harry struck up a close friendship with Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard), but Harry tried to reassure Clarissa that nothing was going on between him and Liz. On 28 July 2008, Clarissa caught Harry and Liz at his house, kissing and expressing feelings for each other. She decided that she wanted Harry back, and he ended his relationship with Liz. On 30 July 2008, Clarissa offered a reluctant Harry chance to move back in with her, and told him to cancel their divorce. Later that day, she ended up in a brawl with Liz, after Liz threw Clarissa out of the Rovers Return, after Clarissa offended Liz about looking old, and then threw her drink over her. She was only allowed back into the Rovers after she apologised.
Clarissa and Harry reappeared on the street in September 2008 just as Harry and Liz resumed their fling, soon developing into an affair. When Clarissa discovered the truth from Liz, they both teamed up to exact their revenge on the philandering bookie. Liz invited Harry into the back room of the Rovers with the promise of sex, as she stripped Harry to his underwear Clarissa entered the room with her camera phone and took the incriminating photos of Harry. He soon left the street and the ownership of the bookies to his son Dan.
Kenzie Judd.
Kenzie Judd is played by Jack Cooper and first appeared on 26 May 2008. Kenzie is the main member of the gang of hoodies that terrorised the street. He also raided "The Kabin" and left Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) shaken, he also robbed "Roy's Rolls". They also caused Jerry Morton (Michael Starke) to suffer a heart attack. This persuaded Jerry's daughter, Kayleigh (Jessica Barden) not to be with him, and he lost his part in his schoolplay, which went to schoolmate Chesney (Sam Aston), who also has an eye for Kayleigh. Kenzie later appeared on the Street with the other hoodies on 22 August 2008 to beat Chesney, but the fight was broken up by their ex schoolteacher John Stape (Graeme Hawley). He returned on 3 April 2009, when he and his gang attacked Chesney, only to be stopped by Chesney's sister, Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine) who was about to punch him, until the intervention of the headmaster, Mr. Griffin (Roger Morlidge).
Jimmy Dockerson.
James "Jimmy" Dockerson is played by actor Robert Beck. The character first appeared on 11 July 2008, as a henchman of Tony Gordon, sabotaging the clients of Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell). Several months later, Jimmy reappears when Tony discovers that his fiancée Carla Connor (Alison King) has had an affair with her former brother-in-law Liam (Rob James-Collier). Tony arranges a hit-and-run incident to kill Liam, hiring Jimmy to carry it out on Tony's stag night on 17 October. On 22 December 2008, he meets up with Tony where he tells him not to call him again. A few days later, after Tony attempts to murder Jed Stone (Kenneth Cope), he calls to ask for Jimmy's help but he hangs up on him. In early February 2009, Carla meets with Jimmy, where he tells her of his hired henchman activities and what really happened on the night of Liam's death.
Jimmy returns on 22 October 2009 when Tony hires him to kill Carla after she threatens to expose the truth. After a vicious scuffle with her, after gaining entry into her apartment, she strikes him over the head with a candlestick knocking him unconscious, and Tony tricks Carla into thinking that he is dead. She then promptly leaves for Los Angeles again not knowing that Jimmy is still alive.
In November 2009, Tony hands himself into the police, and gives Jimmy's name as the hitman that he hired to kill Liam. The police then begin searching for Jimmy. Tony, meanwhile, confesses to Carla that he had only pretended Jimmy was dead in order to get her to leave and protect himself. In early December, the police tell Carla that Jimmy has been arrested and has confessed to killing Liam and told them of Carla's attack on him.
Pam Hobsworth.
Pam Hobsworth (née Compton), is played by Kate Anthony. She made her first appearance on 16 July 2008 as the Aunt of established character Molly Compton (Vicky Binns). She appeared as a regular from July 2008 to April 2010, after five months away she returned in September for a few episodes in time for the 50th anniversary on a recurring basis. She reappears in late 2011, and is present at the memorial service for the tram crash victims and again in April and May 2012.
Pam is first seen selling ham to Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones) in The Rovers Return Inn. When Molly arrives, they recognise each other instantly.
On 25 July 2008, Pam buys Molly's boyfriend Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) a Fabergé egg to use to propose to Molly. Pam tells Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey), Molly, and Tyrone that she will leave if she has outstayed her welcome, but they insist she stay. Pam leads them to believe that her husband has died but tells Molly that he had, in fact, thrown her out for having an affair.
Pam convinces Tyrone that Molly wants a lavish wedding and begins teaching him how to make more money and argues with Tyrone's mother, Jackie, (Margi Clarke) after she upsets Molly and Tyrone. She encourages Tyrone to help her sell cheap merchandise in October 2008. Two months later, Molly finds out that Tyrone has been selling for Pam and walks out, making Tyrone furious with Pam. However, it is clear that Pam wants to see her niece happily married. In December, Pam buys the kebab shop chip fat from Darryl Morton (Jonathan Dixon), planning to convert it to biofuel. On New Year's Eve, she tries to move the fuel from Jack's outside toilet where she was storing it but sparks from the angle grinder that Pam is using, cause an explosion and she is knocked unconscious. However, she makes a full recovery.
Pam continues peddling cheap goods to buy a new pigeon coop for Jack and asks Tyrone to drop off some sunglasses at the Flying Horse pub. Even though the exchange is only hours before his wedding, Tyrone reluctantly agrees but the buyer reveals that he is an undercover police officer and insists Tyrone give him the goods free of charge if he wants to leave. Tyrone is furious with Pam, who realises that the man is her ex-boyfriend, Whispering Geoff. Further bad news occurs when Molly and Tyrone realise that Jackie has stolen their honeymoon tickets to Paris. Pam arranges for them to spend a week in a caravan in Blackpool, although Molly is not impressed.
In June 2009, Pam goes to a singles night with Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) and the couple start dating. Pam see Molly and Bill's son, Kevin, together and realizes that they are having an affair in October 2009, after seeing them kiss. She demands Molly end the relationship or she would tell Tyrone of her infidelity so Molly tells Pam that she has ended the affair, even though she hasn't. In March 2010, Pam is dismayed to learn that the baby Molly is expecting could be Kevin's and confronts her, accusing her of lying about the baby in a sick attempt to get Kevin to leave his family and condemns her for her treatment of Tyrone, resulting in Molly slapping Pam. However, over the following weeks, she slowly supports Molly and starts a grudge against Kevin, originally defending him. In September, Pam visits Molly after she gives birth to her son, Jack, and wonders why Kevin was there during the birth. Pam also attends Jack's christening and later comforts Molly when she tells Pam that she is still in love with Kevin but he is not interested anymore. In December, Pam is devastated when Molly dies from injuries sustained in the tram crash. Pam confronts Kevin and tells him that he is to blame and breaks the news to Molly's father, Diggory, by telephone and leaves to comfort her brother.
Tyrone is furious with Pam after he finds out that she and Bill knew about Kevin and Molly's affair on the day of Molly's funeral.
In May 2011, Pam and Bill go travelling and it was initially thought that they would not return as actor Peter Armitage who plays Bill was axed from the show. However it was announced in July 2011 that Kate Anthony and Peter Armitage would be reprising their role as Pam and Bill later in the year, as producer Phil Collinson had a change of heart about axing them.
Pam returns in September 2011 with Bill, announcing their plans to marry. Pam is devastated to find out that Kevin is intending to change Jack's surname to 'Webster' and was living with Sally again.
While advising Molly to end her affair, it was mentioned that Pam had been married and divorced four times, due to Pam's infidelity in three of the marriages. 
In April 2012, Pam visits Sally (Sally Dynevor) when she finds out her and Kevin are back together. She tells Sally not to let Kevin use her. Pam babysits baby Jack when his childminder is sick and Kevin considers leaving baby Jack with her and Bill permanently, so that he and Sally can reconcile properly. Pam has not been seen since.
Prem Mandal.
Prem Mandal, played by Madhav Sharma, first appeared upon meeting Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) and Vernon Tomlin (Ian Reddington) on a golf course. Prem, who runs a successful floor-covering business, remembered Dev from a Trades association meeting. Prem took Dev under his wing, as he said Dev reminded him of a younger version of himself. Sharma had previously played Dev's father during a 2004 appearance. Dev was invited to dinner with Prem and his wife Nina (Harvey Virdi) on 1 August 2008. Nina then began an affair with Dev behind Prem's back. In October 2008, he consented to Dev going out with his daughter Tara (Ayesha Dharker) as he saw Dev as a man of integrity and honour. Prem was disgusted when Dev revealed his affair with Nina to him, he forced him out of his house and vowed to have nothing more to do with him, ending his relationship with Tara, but agreed not to tell her why they had to end.
Nina Mandal.
Nina Mandal, played by Harvey Virdi, made her first appearance on 30 July 2008 as the wife of new character Prem Mandal (Madhav Sharma). She began to flirt with Prem's friend Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin), who had idolised her in his youth, as she'd been a Bollywood star. The following day Nina invited Dev to come to dinner with her and Prem. When Nina and Dev were alone, Nina shocked Dev by suggesting they have an affair. After some initial reluctance, he gave in within a few days. Nina then told Dev to book a weekend away for him and Nina. Nina then began to blackmail Dev after he attempted to end their affair. When Dev was introduced to Prem and Nina's daughter Tara (Ayesha Dharker), Nina furiously warned the shopkeeper to keep away from her. Nina later again blackmailed Dev into ending his relationship with Tara, by threatening to reveal their affair to Prem, but Dev instead told Prem about his sordid affair. In November 2008, Nina was devastated when Tara discovered that she had also been having an affair with her ex-boyfriend. Tara refused to have anything to do with her and Nina urged Dev not to tell her about their fling. Dev agreed, but Dev's daughter Amber, who knew about the affair, told Tara out of spite a few days later. When Tara returned to the Street in late December 2008, she told Dev that she and her mother had not been speaking for several weeks.
Lisa Dalton (character).
Lisa Dalton arrives on the Street at the beginning of August 2008 as a friend to of Prem (Madhav Sharma) and Nina Mandal (Harvey Virdi), when Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) is invited to dinner with them. Dev and Lisa then begin to date, they meet up shortly after meeting for the first time and they go to the Rovers for a drink. They then decide to stop seeing each other. Lisa returns on 30 March 2009 shortly after Dev's relationship with Tara Mandal (Ayesha Dharker) begins to fail. She gets drunk with Dev in the Rovers and the pair end up in bed together. On 17 April 2009, barmaid Poppy Morales (Sophiya Haque) tells friend Tara of Lisa and Dev's night of passion and Tara warns Lisa not to visit her or Dev again.
Saj.
Saj appears in two episodes in September 2008 as Rosie Webster's (Helen Flanagan) boyfriend, who she begins dating while on holiday. In the latter episode, they come out of a nightclub and kiss while John Stape (Graeme Hawley) spies on them, and she is later kidnapped by John that night. Saj is not seen again after the incident.
DC Hooch.
DC Hooch is a policeman. He is enemies with Becky Granger (Katherine Kelly) and has tried to get her arrested on several occasions. He first accused her of theft, but Becky was found not guilty due to a false alibi from Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). He reappeared in mid-2009 when it transpired that he had hired Becky's ex, Slug, to try and bring her down. Slug convinced Becky he was a changed man, however, on Hooch's orders, he planted drugs in Becky's bag on her wedding day to Steve. The Rovers was then raided by the police and Becky was arrested.
Steve confronted Hooch who told him that it was payback for the court case in 2008. Steve then instructed his Streetcars drivers to track down Slug. Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) managed to find him and he and Steve bundled him into a car boot and took him to Becky, where he admitted planting the drugs for Hooch. Steve, Lloyd and Becky then met with Hooch and Slug was forced to say he would tell the truth in court and defend Becky. Hooch remained confident, however, soon after, the charges against Becky were dropped.
Hooch later met with Steve and told him that he wouldn't bother them again if they stayed out of his way. He also warned Steve that Becky would bring him down. Hooch has not been seen since.
Len Windass.
Len Windass, played by Conor Ryan is the brother of Eddie Windass (Steve Huison) and the uncle of Gary Windass (Mikey North). He made his first appearance on 14 November 2008. Graeme Proctor (Craig Gazey) warns friend David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) not to mess with Len and the family as it will lead to trouble after David has been back to the family's house to demand payment for their new kitchen.
Len and Gary menace Joe McIntyre (Reece Dinsdale) out of his tools in retaliation to David's threat against Len's brother, Eddie and his partner Anna (Debbie Rush), in order to recover some money they owe. Len helps the family settle into Number 6 and reappears a month later when Gary asks him to get hold of some copper piping, which they steal from Bill Webster's (Peter Armitage) building yard.
In February 2009, Len is furious when he hears that Gary is being brought to court for starting a violent fight with David. He threatens David's girlfriend Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan), warning her not to testify at the trial. He also begins taunting Tina's father Joe, whom he later tries to bribe by offering him a lucrative offer to fit kitchens in a new development on the condition that he will persuade Tina not to testify.
In mid-2009, Len gives Gary an alibi when he robs Audrey Roberts' (Sue Nicholls) house and causes Ted Page (Michael Byrne) to have a heart attack. However, Gary tells his parents the truth and Eddie tells Len that he isn't welcome in their home any more.
Several months later, Len reappears when Joe is thrown off a building job for not being up to it. He then makes a further appearance back on the Street on 14 August, with Eddie, when Joe is arrested for breaking into the medical centre. Len has not appeared since.
Len was mentioned in mid-2010, when Eddie arranged to take the order of a load of cigarettes for Len, who was said to be on holiday at the time. Gary also briefly stayed at Len's empty house when he was AWOL from the army.
In April 2011, Eddie receives a phonecall from Len, offering Eddie a job with him in Germany, much to Anna's annoyance. After Eddie and Anna split up, Eddie leaves Weatherfield and goes to Germany to join Len.
Minnie Chandra.
Minnie Chandra, depicted by Poppy Jhakra, first appears on 17 November 2008. Jhakra was added to the soap's cast in a bid to better reflect Manchester's ethnic diversity. She is a college friend of Amber Kalirai and becomes an employee at Prima Doner on Victoria Street. In December 2008, she meets Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall), whilst he is fixing her car at the garage. They begin to flirt and Tyrone sells her knock-off perfume. Molly Compton (Vicky Binns), Tyrone's girlfriend looks on as Tyrone and Minnie go for a test drive, leading her to suspect Tyrone is having an affair.
Minnie reappears in late January 2009. Amber Kalirai (Nikki Patel) has taken on work at her father Dev Alahan's (Jimmi Harkishin) kebab shop, Prima Doner, as well as holding down her job at the corner shop, so she can use the wages Dev would be paying her for driving lessons. Dev brings her to the store, where her job has been taken over by Minnie. Knowing Amber's plan had been foiled, Dev swaps their jobs again, sending Minnie to work at Prima Doner.
In June 2009, Minnie becomes friends with Rosie Webster (Helen Flanagan) after she almost runs her down, and calls her a "trollop". Rosie decides to tell her first about the £150,000 windfall that she has received from John Stape (Graeme Hawley). The pair then go on a major shopping spree and celebrate later in the Rovers with champagne.
In June 2009, Gary Windass (Mikey North) tries to explain to Minnie's co-worker Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan) his side of story of the burglary of Audrey Roberts' (Sue Nicholls) home, which he was involved in, but Tina refuses to listen. Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) then tries to intervene but Gary leaves; Minnie praises Jason for his bravery and asks him out for a drink, to which Jason hesitantly accepts, although he is clearly interested in Tina. Jason gets really drunk when with Minnie and embarrasses himself in front of her. Minnie initially lets him hug and kiss her neck, but she later makes it clear that things aren't going further and leaves the pub.
Minnie is last seen on-screen on 26 October 2009 when she gets Tyrone to fix her car at the garage, she also flirts with him but he tells her to clear off. Minnie hasn't been seen since. 
Pat Gordon.
Patrick "Pat" Gordon was the brother of Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien). Pat was first mentioned on 3 October 2008 when Tony asked Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) to be his best man after claiming that he had fallen out with his brother. However, when Liam was murdered by Tony after he hired Jimmy Dockerson (Robert Beck) to run him over in a deliberate hit-and-run, Tony's fiancee Carla Connor (Alison King) then invited Pat for their wedding. He served as best man to Tony on the day on 3 December 2008. Pat and Tony were on friendly terms, but did not seem overly close, as Pat mentioned to Maria. Pat also tried to tell several wedding guests that he had originally dated Tony's first wife, Lindsey (Susie Amy) but Tony quietened him down. Pat left the day after Tony's wedding, after unwittingly telling Maria that Tony had lied about his reasons for not being at the first wedding, and that Tony would have killed Liam if he'd found out Liam had had an affair with Carla.
Despite his brother being arrested for Liam's murder, and later breaking out of prison and causing a siege at a factory which resulted in his death, Pat never returned to the street. When wreaths arrived at the factory, presumed to be for Tony, Liam's sister Michelle (Kym Marsh) thought Pat had sent them but Maria said it was unlikely as Pat disowned Tony after discovering he had killed Liam.
Colin Grimshaw.
Colin Grimshaw was the father of Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) and has seven other children with his former wife. He was played by Edward de Souza and made his first appearance on 12 December 2008. He was first seen being served by Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) at the bookies. As he was putting on a bet, Eileen phoned him but he said he was on the bus to Weatherfield as he was known for his betting and drinking. He stopped off at the Rover's and was attracted to Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox). He spoke to Eileen, again lying to her about his whereabouts, but she recognised the pub owner's voice in the background. She marched across the street and handed him his cold dinner, pouring the entire salt canister on top for good measure. Colin followed her home and gave her some flowers Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) had thrown away (Colin told her he'd paid for them at great expense). Eileen forgave him. Colin continued to give short strift to his daughter, lying to her on Christmas Day so he could spend the day with Rita. When Rita found out what he'd done, she apologised to Eileen, but Eileen told her it was to be expected.
On 27 April 2009, Colin celebrated his 70th birthday with his partner Rita, Eileen, his grandson Jason (Ryan Thomas) along with many other friends at a party in The Rovers Return, organised by Rita. During the celebrations, Colin proposed to Rita and she gladly accepted. However, the party was interrupted by the arrival of Eileen's childhood friend Paula Carp (Sharon Duce) who had recently heard that her daughter Julie (Katy Cavanagh) had slept with Jason. Paula and Julie got into an argument, with Paula urging her to stop seeing Jason. Paula then dropped the bombshell that Julie and Jason were related. When Colin tried to get her to leave the pub, Paula turned on him and revealed the shocking truth that he was Julie's father, having got her mother pregnant when she was just 14 and he was 38. This meant that Julie and Jason were aunt and nephew, while Eileen was Julie's half-sister.
On 1 May, Colin suffered a stroke while visiting Eileen, and she refused to go with him to the hospital. On 11 May, Colin discharged himself from hospital, and Jason and Julie looked after him at Eileen's. She vowed never to speak to her father again and didn't want him in the house but relented due to his frail state. The police arrived to question him over his child abuse past after Paula reported him to the police, but he collapsed and died instantly from a heart attack whilst in Eileen's living room.
Jesse Chadwick.
Jesse Chadwick was played by comedian and actor John Thomson.
It was announced on 2 September 2008 that John Thomson would be joining the cast of "Coronation Street" as children's entertainer Jesse, filming three episodes with producers hoping for a permanent return in 2009. A spokesman said: 'We are delighted that John is joining the show. John is a fantastic comedy actor and is perfect for the part of Jesse'. It was reported on 16 February 2010, on "Digital Spy", that Thomson would be leaving his "Coronation Street" role following two stints on the show later in the year His final appearance came the following month.
Storylines.
A children's entertainer, Jesse's first appearance was on 15 December 2008 to perform for Amy Barlow's (Amber Chadwick) birthday party. The actor joined for a guest three episode stint. He and Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) double up as entertainers, as Jesse's wife had left him. The pair take a shine to each other, though a relationship isn't able to form with his short stay.
He returns in the summer of 2009 and begins a relationship with Eileen. However, Eileen is at first put off by Jesse's strict mother. Jesse soon moves in with Eileen, bringing his parrot, John with him.
In late 2009, Jesse auditions for a new sidekick for his act, eventually hiring Julie Carp (Katy Cavanagh), Eileen's half-sister, although Eileen forbids it when she realises that Jesse is attracted to Julie. Jesse and Julie continue with the act in secret. Eileen eventually becomes suspicious and asks Eddie Windass (Steve Huison) to watch Jesse for her. Eddie soon sees Julie getting into Jesse's van and informs Eileen, who forces Jesse to sack Julie as his assistant, which Jesse reluctantly does.
On Christmas Eve 2009, Jesse takes part in The Rovers Return panto, playing the role of one of the Ugly Sisters along with Sean Tully (Antony Cotton). In February 2010, Jesse has a big win on the horses and Eileen is sure that he will take her on holiday. However, when Jesse announces that he is using the money to take his parents to Egypt, Eileen dumps him and Jesse leaves the house. He returns to the Street the following month begging for Eileen's forgiveness, and tries to get Julie to put in a good word for him. Julie is stunned when he later makes a pass at her. Julie informs Eileen of Jesse's actions and the two sisters chase Jesse out of the Street after humiliating him in The Rovers. He is never seen again.
Poppy Morales.
Poppy Morales, played by Sophiya Haque, appears on 17 December 2008. She arrives at The Rovers Return Inn with friend Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard), whom she has met in a Brazilian Crunch exercise class. Poppy catches Liz's attention as she is a well known barmaid.
In March 2009, Poppy is disgusted when she witnesses Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) leaving The Rovers with Lisa Dalton (Ruth Alexander Rubin), as it is clear that they are going to sleep together. She is stunned the following day when Dev comes into the pub with his girlfriend Tara (Ayesha Dharker) who is oblivious to his infidelity. In order not to see her friend get hurt, Poppy tells Tara about Dev and Lisa's night of passion. Poppy is given the sack from The Rovers in June 2009, after she fires long-serving Betty. Betty complains to Steve and he tries to get Poppy to reconsider. Poppy then verbally attacks Steve and his girlfriend Becky Granger (Katherine Kelly) which leads to Becky dragging her out of The Rovers by her hair. Poppy has not been seen since.
Sadly, Sophiya Haque, who portrayed Poppy, died on 17 January 2013, after developing pneumonia as a result of cancer.
Mike Scott.
Michael "Mike" Scott, played by Anthony Bessick, first appeared on 29 December 2008, when Janice Battersby (Vicky Entwistle) was forced to do community service at the local hospital. One day she went for a smoke break and met Mike. He told her he was in for a chest infection, downgraded from pneumonia. She told him about her community service, and they laughed over their shared misfortune. Janice then went back to work, but that night her friends told her she'd been beaming the whole time she'd been out with them, which suggested that she still had Mike on her mind.
He reappeared on 30 January 2009, when Janice met up with him again, they chatted together, though Mike keeled over and collapsed. When Janice tried to get help, Mike asked her to stay with him. Janice screamed for help, with other people in the car park alerting doctors at the hospital. Some time after he was taken inside, a nurse told Janice that Mike had died. The doctors said that he had a clot on his lung. Janice learned Mike had been much more ill than he'd let on to her, and had just had major surgery some days prior to his death. She later learned he had a wife when she received flowers and a card, and Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire) told her how grateful his wife had been that someone was with him after his collapse. Mike's death shook Janice deeply and she considered becoming a nurse.
Anthony Bessick has made two appearances in character on "Harry Hill's TV Burp", lampooning the way his character died on screen.

</doc>
<doc id="21370002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370002" title="Swann Estates">
Swann Estates

Swann Estates is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida. As of the 2000 census the neighborhood had a population of 1,491. The ZIP Codes serving the neighborhood are 33609 and 33629. 
Geography.
Swann Estates boundaries are John F. Kennedy Boulevard to the north, 
Dale Mabry Highway to the east, Morrison Avenue to the south, and 
Lois Avenue to the West
Demographics.
"Source: Hillsborough County Atlas"
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,491 people and 725 households residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 3,907.25/mi². The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 86% White, 4% African American, 1% Native American, 1% Asian, 6% from other races, and 1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13% of the population.
There were 725 households out of which 23% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40% were married couples living together, 8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 10% were non-families. 37% of all households were made up of individuals. 
In the neighborhood the population was spread out with 19% under the age of 18, 20% from 18 to 34, 32% from 35 to 49, 14% from 50 to 64, and 16% who were 65 years of age or older. For every 100 females there were 98.1 males.
The per capita income for the neighborhood was $30,647. About 7% of the population were below the poverty line.

</doc>
<doc id="21370009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370009" title="Be Human (album)">
Be Human (album)

Be Human is the fourth studio album by British alternative rock band Fightstar, released on 20 April 2009 through independent label Search and Destroy Records, itself distributed by PIAS Recordings. The album was recorded between August and December 2008 in Chesterfield and London, with the band co-producing alongside Laruso guitarist Carl Bown. Additional recording took place Air Studios with string composer Audrey Riley. Unlike their first two studio releases, Daniel Conway did not contribute to the album's artwork, instead the band approached Ryohei Hase who digitally painted the cover art.
Four singles were released from "Be Human", including "The English Way" and "Mercury Summer" prior to the album's release. Drawing praise from many critics, the album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 20, making it their highest charting album to date. The iTunes digital download includes a bonus track which is an acoustic version of "Unfamiliar Ceilings", the final track on the band's previous studio album, performed with former XFM presenter Katie P. A deluxe edition was later re-released on 1 March 2010, including four newly recorded tracks, a DVD of the band's live unplugged performance at the Picturedrome Theatre in Northampton, new cover art and also a revised track listing.
Background, writing and recording.
The band first mentioned that they were working on new material back in March 2008. They confirmed that after completing their tour with Brigade, they would begin writing during the summer and would be posting updates for fans with video diaries from the studio. Recording took place, for the most part, at Treehouse Studios in Chesterfield, the personal studio of co-producer and friend, Carl Bown. Drum tracks for the album were recorded at Steelworks Studios in Sheffield, and split between Omar and Charlie due to Omar suffering from a broken wrist. Recording sessions began in August 2008, and were due to finish in November. The band's vocalist, guitarist and songwriter Charlie Simpson confirmed tentative working titles as "War Machine", "English Way" and "Mercury Summer". He mentioned the former would have a distinct "rock opera" feel to it with heavy string sections.
After the bulk of recording had been completed, the band went to Air Studios (where film scores for "Pirates of the Caribbean" and "Batman Begins" had been composed) to record the string sections with Audrey Riley. Simpson later commented that "it was great to bring that element, that classical side, into it. It adds so much." Leading up to the album's release, the band indicated that the sound would be "quite different" to their earlier material with the inclusion of orchestral and choral parts. Despite this, it was noted that it would still remain "Fightstar", with their trademark dark and heavy elements. The band also regarded the lyrical content as their "most positive" to date and were pleased that the finished product was "everything we wanted".
Promotion and release.
The first single from the album was "The English Way", released along with a music video on 3 November 2008. It marked a degree of experimentation for the band, with the addition of choir vocals for the first time. The CD single had a demo titled "Colours Bleed", which had its name changed to "Colours Bleed to Red" for the release of the album.
The video for the second single, "Mercury Summer", premiered on 25 February 2009, whilst the physical CD single release was on 6 April. The song further showcased a more experimental direction, with a more upbeat and melodic sound than found in older material.
In a live web chat with fans on the official Fightstar forum on 9 April 2009, the band confirmed that the next single is expected to be "Never Change". They shot the video for it on 3 May, as the band confirmed at their gig in Exeter Lemon Grove on 4 May. It was released on 20 July 2009, with the band working alongside the same directors for the video as they did with "Mercury Summer".
Deluxe edition.
The band confirmed in late 2009 that "Be Human" would be re-released as a deluxe version containing four or five new songs. One of the new songs could be a cover version of Jordin Sparks' "Battlefield", which the band performed informally earlier in the year in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge. The cover was met with great approval and Sparks herself said on radio that she was a fan of Fightstar and believed they should cover the song.
On 12 October the band posted pictures on their Myspace site from their latest music video shoot for new song "A City on Fire". The song subsequently was played for the first time during Fearne Cotton's show on Radio 1 on 19 October and the official video premiered on the band's MySpace on 24 October, which was directed by the team at Sitcom Soldiers. The single was released as a digital download on 20 December, while the band have since confirmed the deluxe re-release of "Be Human" will be available in February 2010.
On 13 January, guitarist Alex Westaway posted an update on the band's official website. He confirmed that the deluxe re-release is scheduled for release on or around 1 March 2010. He also confirmed he had personally designed new artwork for the repackaging and that a live DVD would also be included. The band's unplugged performance was shot in December 2009 at the Picturedome in Northampton (Westaway's home town). The DVD also includes the music videos for "The English Way", "Mercury Summer", "Never Change" and "A City on Fire". The four newly recorded tracks were confirmed as, "A City on Fire", "Its Blood Is Black", "28k Resolution" and "Mvua Nyeusi", with the whole tracklisting re-organised.
Reception.
Critical.
The album was met with positive critical response upon its release, with many reviews praising the band for experimenting with the orchestration elements and ultimately, expanding their sound as a whole.
Anton Djamoos of AbsolutePunk rated the album 84% and stated that it's time for the US to "finally take notice of Fightstar". Commenting on the band's progression, he stated; ""Be Human" is a departure from the general body of work we've seen in the past from the band. They break from their own norm with several orchestral elements to make the album sound more full and let the music hit even harder; they're pushing their creative boundaries and it works for the most part". He also added that Fightstar "is poised to finally see some long-overdue respect". In the News writer Lewis Bazley was highly favourable in his review and awarded a score of 9/10. He described the album as, "Bold, grandiose - a career high". He also stated the album would have huge reply value and summarised his review by adding; "With Fightstar having released this LP themselves and the aforementioned orchestra appearing on almost every track, it's a 50-minute statement of intent, a dozen songs in which the four-piece declare 'this is the band we've always wanted to be'. From the opening, orchestral burst of 'Calling on All Stations', the Death Cab-meets-Cure emotional theatrics of 'Give Me the Sky' and the mournful movie script ending of 'Follow Me into the Darkness', immersing yourself in the bipolar world of "Be Human" is an exhilarating, sometimes heartstopping journey to revisit for years to come".
Emma Johnston, a critic for British rock magazine "Kerrang!", awarded the album an "excellent" four K rating and commented the band had "created a huge-hearted, earnest, wonderfully over the top album". She was particularly impressed with the variety offered on the record; ""Be Human" is a record glorying in its own bombast, as Fightstar throw as many orchestral and choral flourishes as their muscular, solemnly heavy rock as it could take without drowning". Victoria Durham of "Rock Sound" stated, "By now, we know that Fightstar are capable of great things and they're back in business, with nothing less than Hollywood movie scores in their sights". Awarding the album 8/10, she made comparisons with Biffy Clyro and Silverchair whilst complimenting the broad range found among the songs; "If 'Chemical Blood' and 'Damocles' are the pummelling rock epics, then 'Tonight We Burn' and 'Give Me The Sky' are the experimental, pop-fuelled gems. Fightstar have always been ambitious; now they’re on their way to becoming truly brilliant". Matt Mason of "Q" magazine, while awarding the album an "excellent" four star review, wrote, ""be huma"n reveals itself to be a more complex – and captivating – creature. Bold juxtapositioning of operatic arrangements, electronic interludes and juddering hardcore riffs." Shaun-James Brown of tabloid paper "The Sun" was equally favourable, also awarding a four star rating; "Strings and a choir make an unexpected but sublime addition to their rich sound on "Calling on All Stations". "Mercury Summer" is a radio-friendly anthem guaranteed a lot of airplay - a memorable, guitar-driven melody offset by an uplifting chorus. And they can still produce some pummellingly heavy moments such as "Damocles". "Be Human" shows a new credibility and direction for Charlie Simpson's grown-up band." Craig Broad of God Is in the TV noted that his first impressions of the album were, "how grandiose it actually is." Awarding four stars, he praised the band for expanding their sound; ""Be Human", ultimately, is a band comfortable with their abilities but pushing and evolving to become something more. Let's just hope that they continue to push on and be one of bright stars of British alternative music." Jared Ponton of Sputnikmusic, writing a review on the deluxe edition, said that the re-release, "actually improves on an already-excellent album." Awarding a "superb" 4.5 out of five rating, he also added, "Unlike many bands that have shot for that sense of cinematic urgency and "epic" undertones for their music in the past, "Be Human" saw Fightstar largely succeeding, by shining a beam of new light on the premises of the band's unique, post-hardcore sound."
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Charlie Simpson and Alex Westaway; music composed by Fightstar.
Personnel.
The following personnel contributed to "Be Human":
± other orchestra members not credited

</doc>
<doc id="21370011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370011" title="Tomáš Tatar">
Tomáš Tatar

Tomáš Tatar (born December 1, 1990) is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger who is currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL)
Playing career.
Tatar was drafted 60th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. Tatar was also drafted 15th overall by SKA St. Petersburg in the 2009 KHL Entry Draft. On September 25, 2009, Tatar signed a three-year entry-level contract with the Detroit Red Wings. After signing with the Detroit Red Wings, Tatar was assigned to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate the Grand Rapids Griffins.
Tatar made his NHL debut on December 31, 2010, where he scored his first NHL goal against Dwayne Roloson of the New York Islanders,
During the 2011–2012 season, Tatar was the leading scorer for the Griffins in his third professional season. Skating in all 76 games for the Griffins, Tatar scored 24 goals and 34 assists. The Griffins failed to make the AHL playoffs; finishing fourth in the North Division. 
During the 2012–2013 season, Tatar played for three different teams. Due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Tatar started the season with the ŠHK 37 Piešťany in Slovakia, where he played eight games and recorded five goals and five assists. Following the NHL lockout, Tatar played in 18 games for the Detroit Red Wings, and recorded four goals and three assists. Tatar ended the season with the Grand Rapids Griffins, where he won the Calder Cup. Tatar was the leading scorer for the Griffins during the playoffs, scoring 16 goals and five assists in 24 games, and was awarded the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy for the most valuable player of the 2013 Calder Cup playoffs.
International play.
Tatar represented Slovakia at the 2009 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where he finished tied for fourth in tournament scoring, recording seven goals and four assists in seven games. Tatar again represented Slovakia at the 2010 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where he scored three goals and two assists in six games. That same year he also represented Slovakia at the 2010 IIHF World Championship, scoring two goals in six games. 
Tatar played for Slovakia at the 2012 IIHF World Championship, where he was the youngest played on the roster. Tatar skated in all ten games for silver-medal winning Slovakia at the World Championships; finishing with two goals and three assists. Slovakia finished second to Russia after defeating the Czech Republic in the semifinals.
Tatar was selected to play for Slovakia at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, where he finished the tournament with one goal and one assist. Tatar represented Slovakia at the 2014 IIHF World Championship, where he was the team's second-leading scorer, recording four goals and four assists in seven games.

</doc>
<doc id="21370029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370029" title="Berthold Suhle">
Berthold Suhle

Berthold Suhle (1 January 1837, Stolp, Province of Pomerania, now Poland – 26 January 1904, Germany) was a German chess master.
Born in Stolp (Słupsk, then Kingdom of Prussia, now Poland), he studied philosophy, philology and nature in Berlin (1855–1857) and Bonn (1857–1859). 
He won a match with Bartolomeo Forlico (11.5 : 9.5) at Venice 1858, lost to Adolf Anderssen (+0 –5 =2) at Cologne 1859 and (+13 –27 =8) in Breslau from April to September 1859, won against Bernhard von Guretzky-Cornitz (+6 –1 =3) at Berlin 1860, drew with Anderssen (+3 –3 =2) at Berlin 1864, and beat Philipp Hirschfeld (+7 –0 =2) at Berlin 1865. 
He was an author of "Der Schachkongress zu London im Jahre 1862 nebst dem Schachkongresse zu Bristol im Jahre 1861" (Berlin 1864, two parts),
and wrote with Gustav Richard Neumann a well received book "Die neueste Theorie und Praxis des Schachspiels seit dem Schachkongress zu New York i.J. 1857. Ein vollständiger Cursus der neuesten Spieleröffnungskunst" (Berlin 1865) on the latiest chess theories. He also was a co-editor of the "Deutsche Schachzeitung". Suhle stopped playing to teach from 1877 to 1901, and was named a professor in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="21370032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370032" title="Gong Guohua">
Gong Guohua

Gong Guohua (born January 22, 1964) is a retired male decathlete from PR China. A one-time Olympian (1988) he set his personal best in the men's decathlon (7908 points) in Beijing on June 24, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="21370033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370033" title="Pico do Jabre">
Pico do Jabre

Pico do Jabre is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Paraíba, at . It is located at the city of Maturéia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370038" title="Buckberg">
Buckberg

Buckberg Mountain is a hill above the Hudson River that played a role in American Revolutionary War strategy concerning the Hudson Highlands. Its slopes rise directly from the riverbank to an elevation of about above Tomkins Cove, a section of Stony Point, New York, in Rockland County. It is flanked on the north and south by Camp Addisone Boyce of the Girl Scouts of the USA and Camp Bullowa of the Boy Scouts of America. In recent years its forests have been largely subdivided and developed for upscale housing. Buckberg lies about two miles (3 km) south and slightly west of Dunderberg Mountain.
Buckberg is the site of Washington’s Lookout, an observation point used by General George Washington and Colonel “Mad” Anthony Wayne to plan a surprise attack on British troops in the Battle of Stony Point. The post overlooked Haverstraw Bay and afforded views of the Hudson River to the north and south. "Washington-Wayne Lookout Park" is a historic site on the slopes of Buckberg purchased in February 2000 by a consortium led by the Open Space Institute, with funds provided by 
the "Lila Acheson and DeWitt Wallace Fund for the Hudson Highlands." 
A few reliable sources are said to place Buckberg outside of the Hudson Highlands.

</doc>
<doc id="21370046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370046" title="Mike Barten">
Mike Barten

Mike Barten (born 20 November 1973) is a German football coach and a former player. He worked as head coach for FC Oberneuland.

</doc>
<doc id="21370073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370073" title="Du Kang">
Du Kang

Du Kang (), sometimes identified with Shao Kang, is the inventor of fermented drink in Chinese legend, and the deified patron of winemakers in China and Japan (Tōji). Chinese wines are an important part of ancient Chinese rites and court culture. Their invention is not attributable to a single person. Du Kang is sometimes said to be a minister of the legendary Yellow Emperor, being more of a cultural symbol than a historical personality.
It is unknown where and when and if Dù Kāng actually lived; the dates in ancient sources range over thousands of years. In the "Shuowen Jiezi" (2nd century AD), Du Kang is identified with Shao Kang, the sixth ruler of the Xia. Du Kang's story is referenced in Cao Cao's poems of the 3rd century. Since Cao, Du Kang is used as a metonym for good wine. Ruan Ji references Du Kang in his attributed guqin piece "Jiukuang". Presently it is a famous wine brand in PRC.

</doc>
<doc id="21370074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370074" title="Gilda Sansone">
Gilda Sansone

Gilda Sansone (born April 12, 1989 in Pompei, Campania, Italy) is an Italian fashion model and winner of the first cycle of "Italia's Next Top Model".
Early life.
In a casting interview for "Italia's Next Top Model", Sansone stated that, as a child, she was charmed by the models on the billboards and hoped to be one of them one day. To achieve her goal, in her early teen-age years, Sansone took part in beauty pageants and eventually won the title of Miss Ondina Sport in 2005. After her win on "Italia's Next Top Model", Sansone went back to school to graduate in Social Studies.
"Italia's Next Top Model".
Sansone soon appeared as the front-runner in the show thanks to her beauty and fresh look. However, since the beginning, the judging panel constantly warned her to tone down her sexiness in her shots and particularly in her walk in order to be more versatile. By the middle of the competition a determined Sansone started to improve and she developed into a more refined model, thus gaining a spot in the final runway. The judges were convinced by her final performances and her freshness, and they proclaimed her the first Italia's Next Top Model.
Career.
Print work.
After her win, Sansone appeared on the April 2008 issue of "Italian Elle" and was featured in the Lavazza Espresso Experience 2009 Calendar, working along with Italian top model Eva Riccobono and renowned photographer Annie Leibovitz. 
Since then she has been modeling in campaigns, catalogues and photo shoots for Extyn, bWei, Faith Connexion by Vigor, Madame Figaro Cyprus January 2009 issue, the 2009 Calendar of Naples Soccer Team, Euforia, Tiffi, Tuwe Italia, Cerella CHD, Fashion Victim Beachwear, Navigare Beachwear, Extasy, Giorgia&Johns, Artigli, Ilaria Vitagliano luxury beachwear, Il Gabbiano beachwear, Invito Haute Couture, Masterpelle, Niclò, Kisha, Boccadamo Jewels, Capri Sposa, Nexos Jeans, Gota Blanca Beachwear, TADS Fashion School, Ipai Pleasure by Renato Balestra, Agogoa beachwear, Armata di Mare beachwear, Yes London, Zuiki, Cliché Jewellery, Pudika, Aké, Renato Balestra shoes, T+Art Fashion, BySimon Jewels, JustR, I Ragazzi del Rosso, Roberta Biagi, Sherì, Giorgia&Johns, Mivite, Jean Cryò, Bianca Brandi, KQuattro.
Runway.
Sansone walked in different runway shows at Athens fashion week, among which were the S/S 2009 collections of Aslanis, Demna Gvasalia, Frida Karadima, Katerina Alexandraki, Kathy Heyndels, Victoria Kyriakides, Vrettos Vrettakos, Yiannos Xenis and Custo Barcelona. She subsequently walked in Cyprus Fashion week for the S/S 09 collections of Ocean Blue, Andreas Georgiou, Calia Monoyiou, Marios Messios, Elena Georgiou, Sofia Alexander, Christoforos Kotentos, Fotini Lamnissos, Notis Panayiotou, Stalo Theodorou. She also did lingerie fashion shows in Tunisia. Sansone is a recurring runway model at Tuttosposi, bridal fashion week of Naples, where she walks for high fashion designers among which are Bruno Caruso, Angela Solla, Gianni Molaro and others. She participates in the Sfilata d'Amore e Moda, walking for swimsuits and high fashion collections. Sansone has also often graced the runways of Alta Roma Alta Moda, the Italian high fashion week in Rome, where she walked for Nino Lettieri.

</doc>
<doc id="21370078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370078" title="National Dodgeball League">
National Dodgeball League

The National Dodgeball League (NDL) is currently the only professional dodgeball league in the United States. The league was founded in 2004 and is currently headed by Commissioner Edward Prentiss out of Hopkins, MN. The league is composed of 24 professional teams, which are divided into the National and the American Dodgeball Conferences. In addition to professional dodgeball, the NDL hosts the annual amateur Dodgeball World Championship (DWC) in Las Vegas, Nevada. The DWC draws dodgeball players from across the globe to compete in a tournament to determine the best amateur dodgeball team in the world. Prior DWC tournaments have included teams from Canada, Denmark, United Kingdom, Japan, New Zealand, and Australia.
NDL Amateur Association.
The NDL Amateur Association holds an amateur dodgeball season year round via the NDL Championship Tour. The amateur dodgeball season is composed of nationwide tournaments, and culminates with the Dodgeball World Championship (DWC). Once the DWC concludes, a new amateur season begins. Tournaments, also called tour stops, are held at various locations and times throughout the year. Each tour stop is formatted as a tournament between other amateur teams where winners gain points towards their national rank. Any amateur team may enter any and/or all of the Championship Tour tournaments, including the DWC. No prior qualification is necessary. Professional players in the NDL are required to attend any tour stops located nearby and manage the tournament.
Amateur divisions.
There are several divisions that players may participate in. Players are permitted to compete with multiple teams, but not within the same division. Players must be at least 16 years of age unless in the youth division.
Open Stinger.
Played with four 8.5" rubber dodgeballs and two 5" rubber stingers. Teams may consist of any combination of men and women.
Open 8.5.
Played with six 8.5" rubber dodgeballs. Teams may consist of any combination of men and women.
Open 8.5 No Blocking.
Played with six 8.5" rubber dodgeballs. Teams may consist of any combination of men and women. Blocking live dodgeballs with a dodgeball in your hand is not allowed and results in the blocking player being called out.
Co-ed 8.5.
Played with six 8.5" rubber dodgeballs. A team must have at least 2 women playing in each game or have 1 play but be limited to a total of 5 players in that game instead of the usual 6.
Women's 8.5.
Played with six 8.5" rubber dodgeballs. Teams must consist of women only.
Open No Sting.
Played with six 8" no sting (typically foam) dodgeballs. Teams may consist of any combination of men and women.
Co-ed No Sting.
Played with six 8" no sting (typically foam) dodgeballs. A team must have at least 2 women playing in each game or have 1 play but be limited to a total of 5 players in that game instead of the usual 6.
Co-ed No Sting No Blocking.
Played with six 8" no sting (typically foam) dodgeballs. A team must have at least 2 women playing in each game or have 1 play but be limited to a total of 5 players in that game instead of the usual 6. Blocking live dodgeballs with a dodgeball in your hand is not allowed and results in the blocking player being called out.
Women's No Sting.
Played with six 8" no sting (typically foam) dodgeballs. Teams must consist of women only.
Trampoline.
Played on a trampoline dodgeball court with five 8.5" rubber dodgeballs. Teams may consist of any combination of men and women.
Recreational.
A division where emphasis is taken away from winning the dodgeball game and placed on having fun. Teams earn points in categories such as Team Entrance, Team Uniform, Team Mascot, Celebrity Look-alike, Best Hair, Sportsmanship, and many more. The team accumulating the most points at the conclusion of dodgeball matches is declared the winner.
Youth Division.
Not included as part of the Dodgeball World Championship, but available in other annual NDL tournaments. Players may range from 11 to 14 and 15 to 17 years of age in any gender combination.
Rules.
The NDL Amateur Association follows the same National Dodgeball League rules used in professional dodgeball competition.
Dodgeball World Championship and Convention.
The NDL's annual Dodgeball World Championship & Convention (DWC) is held in Las Vegas and hosts the Amateur World Championships, the NDL Dodgeballer Awards & Banquet, and the professional teams' regular season over the course of several days in August. As of 2013, the first three days (Thursday - Saturday) are dedicated to the amateur teams and consist of round-robin play, a seeded single-elimination tournament for each division, and the Last Dodgeballer Standing competition. The evening events include the NDL Dodgeballer Awards & Banquet where the previous year's amateur and professional winners are honored. The final day (Sunday) is composed of professional team tryouts followed by the professional regular season and championship game.
Last Dodgeballer Standing.
Last Dodgeballer Standing is a planned game involving all NDL participants and is essentially a large free-for-all version of dodgeball. All players are put in a sufficiently sized, self-contained playing area along with a pre-determined number of dodgeballs. To combat collusion among friends, the Last Dodgeballer Standing event format changes and evolves each year.
Last Dodgeballer Standing Rules.
Play starts with all players standing along the walls of the play area followed by a scramble for the dodgeballs.
A player may only hold one dodgeball at a time.
If a player is holding a dodgeball, that player is restricted to a limited range of movement. The player may only take a certain amount of steps, usually starting with 2 and, as other players are eliminated, lengthened to 3, 4, etc. and eventually free to run.
Each player is allowed to be "out" twice before eliminated from the game with each out generally marked upon the player's hand with a marker. An out counts as either being hit with a dodgeball or having your throw caught by another player.
The last player left is the winner and deemed the Last Dodgeballer Standing. The Last Dodgeballer Standing receives a championship belt and will have their silhouette placed in the next year's Last Dodgeballer Standing logo.
NDL Professional League.
History.
The NDL Professional league was formed in 2004. The league was split into two conferences, the American Conference and the National Conference, with each conference consisting of four teams. Each team played the other teams in their respective conference three times.
In 2009, the league experimented with playing a new version of the game involving smaller court sizes, timed games, and a point system. Teams were reduced to four court players (to accommodate the smaller court size) and points were awarded for player eliminations, catches, sacrifices, and victories. The point system placed an emphasis on team victories and performing successful individual sacrifice attacks. As a result, the speed of play increased and the common slow-play tactic of stalling was discouraged. In response to the smaller teams and growth of the league, four new teams were added. The American Conference added the Missouri Explosion, and the National Conference added the Dallas Doberman, Houston Bounty Hunters, and Las Vegas Vipers.
In 2010, a similar game format to 2009 was used. However, rather than placing all three balls at the center line for the opening rush, each team began the game with one ball in hand, and only one ball was placed at the center line. Further growth led to the addition of the Boston Undertakers, Memphis Men In Black, Pittsburgh Punishers and Virginia Rampage to the American Conference, and the Arizona Resistance and Minnesota Blur to the National Conference.
In 2011, a tournament style random draw double elimination bracket was used. Each team was randomly drawn from a hat and seeded in the double elimination bracket. Each dodgeball match consisted of a three game series. The point system of prior years was not used in this format, rather, the first team to eliminate all of the opposing players was declared the winner. The first team to win two games advanced, and the losing team fell to the loser's bracket. The loser's bracket was also a best of three series, and if a team lost their loser's bracket match they were eliminated from the tournament. To accommodate the growth of the league five new teams were added. The American Conference added the Austin Matadors and Philadelphia Justice. The National Conference added the Portland Minotaurs, Toronto Gryphons, and Washington Buzzsaw.
In 2012, the number of players on each team increased from four to six and the court size was expanded to allow more room for the additional players. The number of dodgeballs in play increased to four. Each team began with two dodgeballs in their possession and the rush was eliminated. Blocking was eliminated to speed up the game. The Pro teams from prior years were consolidated into six teams, and a new team, the New York Guardians, was established as the 7th team. All teams competed in a round robin format with each team playing each other once in a best of three series. Teams were seeded based on their win-loss record to face off in a single elimination playoff with each match again a best of three series.
Regular season.
Unlike most other sports leagues, the NDL holds its entire regular season in one day during its annual Dodgeball World Championship & Convention held in Las Vegas, Nevada. Each teams plays three regular season five minute matches. Throughout the match, teams score points by winning games and eliminating opposing players. The top teams from each Conference are determined first by matches won, then by head-to-head points, and finally by total season points. The top four teams in each Conference advance to the playoffs.
Rules.
The National Dodgeball League has created their own National Dodgeball League rules for professional dodgeball competition.
Teams.
Currently there are 24 teams in the NDL:
References.
1. The Official Website of the NDL
2. NDL Dodgeball World Championship Home Page

</doc>
<doc id="21370083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370083" title="Jim Beech">
Jim Beech

James "Jim" Beech was a footballer who played as a centre-half for Burslem Port Vale between 1894 and 1902, making 151 appearances in the Football League.
Playing career.
Beech played for Smallthorne St. Saviour and Smallthorne Albion, before joining Burslem Port Vale in May 1894. He made 14 Second Division appearances in the 1894–95 season, but featured just twice in the 1895–96 campaign. The club then spent two seasons in the Midland League, and Beech was part of the side that won the Staffordshire Senior Cup in 1898. Vale were then re-elected into the Football League, and Beech played 31 league games in the 1898–99 season, and scored goals at the Athletic Ground in wins over Burton Swifts, Blackpool, and Lincoln City. He played 31 league matches in the 1899–1900 and 1900–01 campaigns, and claimed goals against Burton Swifts, Birmingham City, and Glossop. However, in November 1901 he became seriously ill and retired from football at the end of the 1901–02 season. His benefit match was held against rivals Stoke on 15 April 1901; Vale won the game 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="21370088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370088" title="Ragnhild Tregagås">
Ragnhild Tregagås

Ragnhild Tregagås or Tregagás was a Norwegian woman from Bergen. In 1324/1325 she was accused and convicted for exercising witchcraft. She was sentenced to strict fasting and a seven-year long pilgrimage to holy places outside of Norway. The trial against Ragnhild Tregagås is the only one concerning witchcraft that is known from medieval Norway, taking place 250 years before the witch-hunt in Norway started.
Trial records provide a spell used by the accused Ragnhild Tregagås to end the marriage of her former lover, a man named Bárd. The charm contains a mention of the valkyrie Göndul being "sent out":

</doc>
<doc id="21370100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370100" title="Christian O. Musser">
Christian O. Musser

Christian O. Musser (1863-1950) was born in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and moved to Dickinson County, Kansas, in March 1884. In November 1884 he married Amanda Eisenhower (1861-1951), whose brother David J. Eisenhower was the father of President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Musser farmed briefly near Abilene but in December 1889 took a job at the Belle Springs Creamery in Abilene, Kansas where he worked for 38 years. In 1892, when the Eisenhower family was living in Texas, Musser made it possible for the family to move to Abilene (now the site of the Eisenhower Presidential Center) by obtaining a job for David J. Eisenhower at the Creamery. Musser was active in the Brethren in Christ Church, and invested in real estate in the Abilene area.

</doc>
<doc id="21370104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370104" title="Encyclopedia of Chinese Chess Openings">
Encyclopedia of Chinese Chess Openings

The Encyclopedia of Chinese Chess Openings (Chinese: 中国象棋开局编号) is a classification of all possible openings of Chinese chess (Xianqi), including rarely used openings. The editor of Encyclopedia of Chess Network included the first game of the 8197 Board as the basis, to draw up the ECCO code. ECCO characteristics of the times has numbers, due to the development of the game ECCO reference to the cut-off in 2004, the number of the system to be known as ECCO 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="21370106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370106" title="Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989">
Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989

The Law of Property (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1989 (c 34) is a United Kingdom Act of Parliament, which laid down a number of significant revisions to English property law.
Nature of reforms.
The Act introduced several distinct reforms:
Subsequent jurisprudence.
Validity of execution under "Mercury".
S. 1(3) of the Act provides that:
In 2008, the High Court of England and Wales expressed in "obiter" that the recycling of signature pages from earlier drafts rendered the agreements in question invalid as deeds under the Act. Taken together with previous jurisprudence on the execution of documents in the Court of Appeal for England and Wales, the Law Society of England and Wales has issued guidance as to what steps are necessary in order to validly execute deeds and other documents executed in counterpart in electronic or virtual closings:
Land contracts covered by the Act.
Section 2 deals with contracts for the creation or sale of legal estates or interests in land, and not with documents that transfer such estates or interests. The required scope for such contracts is defined in s. 2:
The Court of Appeal has noted which types of agreements fall either within the Act or not:
The "single document" requirement is strictly applied:
The Court has given guidance on circumstances where a land contract can be avoided under s. 2:
Proprietary estoppel.
S. 2 of the Act repealed s. 40 of the Law of Property Act 1925, thus abolishing the equitable doctrine of part performance with respect to dispositions of interests in land, which had been recommended by the Law Commission of England and Wales. Although the Commission believed that the equitable doctrines of promissory estoppel and proprietary estoppel would still be available to provide relief, the House of Lords has subsequently held that such relief was not available. As Lord Scott of Foscote stated in his speech:
This mirrors the observation that "The doctrine of estoppel may not be invoked to render valid a transaction which the legislature has, on grounds of general public policy, enacted is to be invalid," which has been cited in other cases in the matter by the Court of Appeal. The constructive trust remedy that is available under s. 2(5) of the Act, however, operates under principles distinct from those of estoppel, which can lead to problems in application and enforcement. Academic discussion suggests that estoppel may still be available in situations outside of s. 2 on its own terms.

</doc>
<doc id="21370107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370107" title="Michigan State University College of Engineering">
Michigan State University College of Engineering

The College of Engineering at Michigan State University (MSU) is made up of 6 departments with 168 faculty members, nearly 3,000 undergraduate students, 9 undergraduate B.S. degree programs and a wide spectrum of graduate programs in both M.S. and Ph.D. levels. Each department offers at least one degree program, however many include more than one degree, multi-disciplinary programs, certifications and specialties as well as other degree programs affiliated with other colleges at Michigan State University.
Undergraduate program.
Approximately 3,000 undergraduate students are enrolled and 500 Bachelor of Science degrees are awarded annually.
Graduate program.
Each year, approximately 800 students are enrolled in advanced degree programs and nearly 200 MS and PhD degrees are awarded. Graduate programs are offered in biosystems engineering, chemical engineering, civil engineering, computer science, electrical engineering, environmental engineering, materials science, mechanical engineering, and engineering mechanics.
Notable Research.
The MSU college of engineering has been accredited with many developments in automotive industry. Recently the college of engineering was in the spotlight for their developments with the new "wave disc generator".
Research centers and facilities.
The professional or student-run groups and organizations available in the college are listed below. 
Summer Research Opportunities Program.
The Summer Research Opportunities Program, formerly known as the Undergraduate Summer Research Program, is a program run through
the College of Engineering that offers summer research opportunities for high-achieving undergraduate students in an effort to encourage them to consider pursuing graduate degrees and to provide an early opportunity to become involved in research.

</doc>
<doc id="21370116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370116" title="Angaur Airstrip">
Angaur Airstrip

Angaur Airstrip is a small airstrip on Angaur, one of the islands of Palau. It also served as an airfield during World War II.
History.
World War II.
The day the island was declared secured on September 20, 1944, construction of the airfield began on the eastern edge of the island. As there was no existing airfield to build on, two Army engineering battalions had to clear jungle and level the terrain to create the airfield. On 19 October 1944 the airfield with its runway aligned NE/SW together with taxiways and hardstands for 120 aircraft were ready for use.
The 494th Bombardment Group operating B-24J Liberator bombers arrived at Angaur on 16 October and commenced operations on 3 November. The Wing remained at Angaur until June 1945 when it moved to Yontan Airfield on Okinawa.
The 22d Bombardment Group operating B-24s was based at Anagur from November 1944 until January 1945 when it moved to Guiuan Airfield in the Philippines.
Postwar.
In April 2010 the Palau Senate passed a resolution asking the President to offer Angaur airstrip as a site for the relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma on Okinawa.
Facilities and aircraft.
The airport resides at an estimated elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 5/23 with a gravel surface measuring by . For the 12-month period ending May 23, 1987, the airport had 1,500 air taxi aircraft operations, an average of 125 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="21370123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370123" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2000)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2000)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2000, by order of first appearance.
Amy Goskirk.
Amy Goskirk is an ex-girlfriend of Dev Alahan's (Jimmi Harkishin) who follows him to Weatherfield from Birmingham. Dev is not pleased to see her and is hostile, even physically evicting her from his shop.
Spotted crying by her car by Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden), he takes her for a drink in The Rovers where she overhears landlady Natalie Barnes (Denise Welch) talking about the need to employ another barmaid and Natalie offers her a job after learning of her experience. Amy works hard to get the sympathy of the residents, much to the disdain of Dev. Everyone takes Amy's side when she says that she and Dev were engaged to be married but his devoutly religious family were against their relationship. In addition, she claims that he cheated on her and now she is pregnant. Dev calls her bluff and agrees to marry her on condition that she proves the existence of the baby. She happily agrees but then claims that her scan was cancelled. No one but Dev is able to see through her lies. Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) provides a sympathetic shoulder for Amy to cry on when they share their troubles with each other, Leanne confiding in Amy about her drug problems and Amy telling of her parents’ death when she was a child in a boating accident (she told Vera Duckworth (Liz Dawn) it was a car accident). Amy winds up Leanne by telling her that Dev is forcing her to have an abortion and Leanne, in her anger, turns the majority of the women and some of the men, against Dev.
Amy suddenly disappears for almost two weeks, leaving behind a suicide note. Leanne reports her disappearance to the police, who ask Dev to identify a recently discovered body. It isn't Amy but even his conviction that the threat was an empty one is shaken. His relief when she reappears, complete with bandaged wrists from an attempt to cut her wrists is evident, however, his business starts to suffer as people begin to turn against him more than ever. He resolves to put an end to the situation and cons Amy into thinking that he really does have feelings for her. He turns up in the Rovers that night and, while chatting quietly to her under the glaring eyes of the regulars, suddenly rips her bandages off for all to see that, as he suspected, there are no wounds. The residents are outraged that they’d been deceived, Leanne in particular, but all she gets for her sympathy is a mouthful of abuse and the fact that she is a recovering drug addict broadcast across the pub. Amy disappears from the Street, never to be seen again.
Debs Brownlow.
Debs Brownlow is the hairdresser sister of Natalie Barnes (Denise Welch) who first appears in The Rovers Return after working on a cruise ship for a number of years. She soon begins a relationship with resident Duggie Ferguson (John Bowe), despite his hesitation due to the memory of his dead wife Laura. Debs supports Natalie when the body of her murdered son Tony Horrocks (Lee Warburton) is discovered, and subsequently in August 2000 when gangster Jez Quigley (Lee Boardman) stands trial for the killing. Debs soon tires of Duggie's reluctance to have sex with her and has a one-night-stand with Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) in April 2000.
Debs reunites with Duggie and they consummate their union. In October 2000, Duggie moves into No. 6 with her but she soon tires of him prioritising work over her and she orders him out. When Debs shares her relationship woes with Natalie's boyfriend Vinny Sorrell (James Gaddas) over a bottle of wine they sleep together. Duggie catches them in the act and tells a devastated Natalie. She throws Debs out of No. 6 and she subsequently leaves Weatherfield with new lover Vinny, returning to her old work on the cruise ship.
Dennis Stringer.
Dennis Stringer was played by Charles Dale. Dennis is introduced in February 2000 and develops from a biker friend of Les Battersby (Bruce Jones) into the partner of Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver).
In late 2001 Dennis and Janice Battersby (Vicky Entwistle) form a relationship and leave their respective partners to live together. Following this, Les attempts suicide by gassing himself in his car. Dennis tracks him down and prevents the suicide, but while driving Les to hospital, crashes head on into another car. Les suffers minor injuries but Dennis is badly injured, dying in hospital shortly afterwards. Janice's daughter Toyah (Georgia Taylor) also gives a reading at his funeral. 
Neil Fearns.
Neil Fearns is revealed as the father of Sarah-Louise Platt's (Tina O'Brien) daughter, Bethany (Amy and Emily Walton). He is an "absent father" and has nothing to do with Bethany, although his family do send Beth a card for her first birthday.
In 2003, it is revealed that Neil has died in a car accident. Martin (Sean Wilson) and Gail Platt (Helen Worth) break the news to Sarah who is shocked at Neil's death but not overly emotional. At Martin's insistence, Sarah takes Bethany to Neil's funeral where she meets his mother. Neil's mother, Brenda (Julia Deakin), becomes mentally unstable following Neil's death. She becomes attached to Bethany and kidnaps her after she begins visiting her regularly. Bethany is later safely returned to her mother, and Brenda is left sobbing in the back of an ambulance.
Bobbi Lewis.
Roberta "Bobbi" Lewis was played by Naomi Ryan. She is employed as a machinist at Mike Baldwin's (Johnny Briggs) "Underworld" factory during her time on the cobbles. In 2002 the character was axed by producer Kieran Roberts as part of a drive to revitalise the show, as it was being regularly beaten in the ratings by rival soap "EastEnders" at the time.
Bobbi starts work at "Underworld" in March 2000 when she takes over Linda Sykes' (Jacqueline Pirie) machine. She has an initially turbulent start when Linda sacks her for producing substandard work but is soon reinstated by Mike. She moves to the Street when she rents the salon flat with barmaid Geena Gregory (Jennifer James).
In October 2000, Bobbi is furious to discover that sales rep Harvey Reuban (Andrew Scarborough) has been dating her and Karen McDonald (Suranne Jones) at the same time. When the two women confront Harvey he smugly shrugs them both off. After they discover that he has a fiancee, they are determined to get revenge. A shameless Harvey turns on the charm to Bobbi, promising her he thinks she's special, also doing the same with Karen. They both play along but know the score. With the help of the other "Underworld" girls they organise a farewell party for him, where they get Harvey drunk and phone Saskia (Nikki Landowski), his fiancée, to pick him up. They graffiti his car, pour baked beans over him, sew the words "Slime Ball" on to the back of his suit jacket and tell his fiancée all about his womanising.
Karen and boyfriend Vikram Desai (Chris Bisson) set Bobbi up on a date with Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson), but it doesn't lead to anything further. After Karen and Vikram break up, Bobbi starts going out with Vikram in March 2001. After playing hard to get for a couple of months, Bobbi eventually sleeps with Vikram and they begin a serious relationship. In early 2002, Vikram cheats on Bobbi with Hazel Wilding (Kazia Pelka). Having fallen in love with Hazel, Vikram soon dumps Bobbi but she takes revenge by filing a false complaint against Vikram's taxi business, "StreetCars" for sexual harassment. With the business facing possible closure, and with employees' livelihoods on the line, Bobbi realises that her scheme has backfired. She subsequently withdraws her allegations and leaves Weatherfield in shame.
Mr. Fearns.
Mr. Fearns is the father of Neil Fearns (Paul Holowaty) who impregnates Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) when they are 12 years old. He offers the Platt family help with the baby, which Sarah's mother Gail (Helen Worth) refuses as Neil isn't willing to take responsibility for the child. He makes his only appearance just over two months before Sarah's baby was born.
Emma Watts.
Emma Watts (née Taylor) is played by Angela Lonsdale, and first appears on 10 April 2000. At the beginning she is credited as Sgt Emma Taylor. She is a police officer who helps solve the case when corrupt DC Simon Cavanagh is stalking Colette Graham and Curly Watts (Kevin Kennedy).
On 12 October 2000, the police, including Emma, surround the Fresco's supermarket as a siege develops inside. When they eventually burst in, Emma shoots the main gunman, Dean Sykes (Ciaran Griffiths) - who dies in an ambulance on the way to hospital. Due to her licence to kill, a trial isn't undertaken. Dean had, in fact fired a shot and Emma had responded.
Curly takes her out for a night on the beach and later asks her out to dinner. Curly proposes to Emma on a bateau mouche in Paris and they marry on Christmas Eve, 2000. Their honeymoon to New York is delayed because Curly's daughter, Alice, can't return to his ex-wife Raquel (Sarah Lancashire) when planned. Emma becomes pregnant shortly after their marriage and gives birth to their son Ben on Boxing Day 2001.
Emma later gets involved in a feud between one of her colleagues, Mick Hopwood (Ian Gain) and Les Battersby (Bruce Jones). Mick had been dating Les' ex-wife Janice (Vicky Entwistle). Les is very jealous and they spend a lot of time winding each other up. Things eventually escalate one night when Mick and Emma stop Les in his taxi on a minor traffic offence and after Les insults Mick, Mick beat him up quite savagely but Emma promises to back Mick up even though Les did not really deserve the attack. When Curly finds out, this causes a lot of tension and the couple split up temporarily. Emma feels very guilty and plans to confess the truth to her superiors but at the last minute decides to back Mick up. She commits perjury at Les's trial for assaulting Mick and Les is imprisoned for three months.
Near the end of Les' incarceration, Emma is put forward for promotion to Inspector in Newcastle. This would involve moving house and Curly is afraid he'd never see Ben. He swallows his principles and, in order to reconcile and be able to live in peace, away from Les, they put Number 7 on the market and move to Newcastle.
In the 2010 spin-off DVD special "Coronation Street - A Knight's Tale", Curly reveals that his marriage to Emma has ended since their departure from Weatherfield.
Geena Gregory.
Geena Gregory was played by Jennifer James.
Geena arrived when her friend Vinny Sorrell (James Gaddas) needed help in The Rovers Return. She was well qualified for the job, and her good looks and cheeky banter made her popular with the customers. She was maid of honour at her friend Linda Sykes' (Jacqueline Pirie) wedding to Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs) and although she knew about her affair with his Mike's son Mark Redman (Paul Fox), Geena remained loyal to Linda and said nothing.
Geena had a complicated love life. Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) proposed to her but her mother, Jill, was determined to put a stop to it and set him up with Karen McDonald (Suranne Jones). Her plan failed and Geena broke off their engagement when she discovered he had cheated on her with his employee Deirdre Rachid (Anne Kirkbride) during Christmas 2001. She was soon seduced by handsome former prison convict, Joe Carter (Jonathan Wrather), and the two enjoyed a fun relationship until a jealous Dev goaded Joe into beating him up.
Joe was scared of going back to prison and admitted he loved Geena. By this time, she had completely fallen in love with him and agreed to talk to Dev. He then told Joe to end his relationship with Geena publicly and he would drop the assault charges against him. Joe did so and Geena was left shattered and humiliated by two men who claimed to love her and fled the street after saying her goodbyes to her friend, Shelley Unwin (Sally Lindsay).
Eric Sutherland.
Eric Sutherland is the father of Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment) and Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie). He first appears on 19 May 2000 when Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey) and Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) are looking to mate Tyrone's greyhound Monica with one of the studs from his Kennels. Eric reappears in 2005 to let Kirk know that he and his wife Dotty (Susie Baxter) are retiring to Cyprus and Kirk goes out to visit him for several weeks after Eric has injured his back. He returns on 20 October 2008 to console his daughter following the death of her husband Liam (Rob James-Collier). He carries the coffin at Liam's funeral after Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) has to comfort a grief-stricken Carla (Alison King). This causes Liam's mother Helen (Sorcha Cusack) to be unhappy as Eric didn't know Liam.
In July 2009, Eric's grandchild Liam is born, however, Eric and Dotty are not mentioned. In October 2009, Maria visits Eric and Dotty. However, whilst she is visiting, her fiancée Tony suffers a heart attack. Roy Cropper (David Neilson) who had found Tony gasping for breath, unsuccessfully attempts to contact Eric and Dotty about the news. 
Bethany Platt.
Bethany Britney Platt is the daughter of Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) and her school classmate Neil Fearns (Paul Holowaty). She was played by twins Amy and Emily Walton since the character's birth.
Sarah was just thirteen years old when she gave birth to Bethany and this caused quite a controversy. Just hours after her birth, Bethany was kidnapped by Alison Webster (Naomi Radcliffe), whose baby son, Jake, had just died. Alison and Bethany were found but Alison committed suicide after handing Bethany over. Bethany was originally going to be named Britney, after pop star Britney Spears but her great grandmother Audrey (Sue Nicholls) was against the idea and suggested Sarah give her a more appropriate name so she named her Bethany and Britney was her middle name.
Bethany was not planned but Sarah tried to cope, despite being little more than a child herself. She often left Bethany with her mother, Gail (Helen Worth) and once even left her at home by herself. Sarah initially kept Bethany a secret from her first boyfriend, Todd Grimshaw (Bruno Langley). When Bethany was two, Sarah was badly injured a car crash caused by her boyfriend, Aidan Critchley (Dean Ashton) and nearly died. When she survived, Sarah vowed to be the best mother she could as she realised just how much Bethany meant to her. She felt awful about the way she treated her, and as she grew older, did become more attentive to her daughter. When Gail's husband, Richard Hillman (Brian Capron) tried to kill Sarah, Gail, David (Jack P. Shepherd), Bethany and himself by driving the family car into the canal, Sarah undid Bethany's seat belt and swam to safety with her.
Much to Gail's disgust, Sarah and Bethany moved in with Sarah's boyfriend, Todd, who treated Bethany as his own. Gail was horrified that Sarah took Bethany and tried to convince Sarah to bring Bethany home, but Sarah refused so Gail tried to take Bethany, but she would not leave and Sarah said that Bethany knew whom she wanted to be with. Gail called Social Services to try to get Bethany returned but Sarah found out and was hurt that her mother would do such a thing and, for a while, refused to let Gail see Bethany and did not speak to her for months.
Bethany's father, Neil Fearns, never met Bethany, and neither he nor his parents had any interest in her. However, after Neil's death in a car accident, his mother, Brenda (Julia Deakin), made contact with Sarah and Bethany and they started bonding as Brenda felt Bethany was the only thing of Neil's she had left and desperately needed something to hold on to. This upset Gail, as she was estranged from Sarah, as she felt she was being replaced and cut out of Bethany's life when she was there from the beginning and had looked after her whilst Sarah was at school. Brenda was mentally unbalanced by her grief and planned to kill herself and Bethany so they could be with Neil. However, Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire) found them and Bethany was rescued. Sarah later gave birth to Bethany's half-brother, Billy Platt, who died shortly afterwards. Todd was the father and was distraught at Billy's death. Sarah and Bethany went home and Bethany started attending Bessie Street primary school and was often looked after by Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) after he began dating Sarah.
On 17 September 2007, Bethany took an ecstasy tablet which David had hidden in her doll. David was so worried that he made Bethany drink salt water, hoping to make her sick but Sarah came home and Bethany told her she felt sick but Sarah thought it was due to a gas leak at her school, which was why David had been looking after Bethany. When Bethany started having fits, Sarah rushed her to hospital where doctors tried to stabilise her but couldn't so David admitted that Bethany had swallowed an "E" tablet, prompting Sarah to attack David. Bethany was sent to Intensive Care where she made a full recovery and came home on Sunday 23 September but Social Services had been notified about the ecstasy pill incident and they interviewed Sarah and discussed the possibility of Bethany going into care. As a result, Sarah told Gail that either David moved out or she and Bethany would, concerned about their safety so Gail told David to move out. When Bethany was discharged from hospital, she was told that she could have David's room.
Sarah planned revenge on David for ruining her wedding day to Jason and found the perfect opportunity when her uncle, Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce), offered David a job in Milan. David accepted and Sarah was jealous. Fed up of everyone indulging David and ignoring her, Sarah planted ecstasy in his drawer at Audrey's Salon and Audrey found it. Stephen withdrew the offer and Gail couldn't believe he was still using drugs after the incident. Sarah was offered the job and planned to move to Italy with Jason and Bethany. While at the train station, Sarah admitted that she had planted the drugs. Jason was horrified and told Sarah not to get on the train. However, Sarah and Bethany did get on the train and left for Italy.
Jake Webster.
Jake Webster is the son of Kevin (Michael Le Vell) and Alison Webster (Naomi Radcliffe), born on 5 June 2000. Shortly after his birth Jake turns blue and is diagnosed with a Group B streptococcal infection. Jake's condition proves to be fatal and he dies minutes later in Alison's arms. Following Jake's death, Alison committed suicide by throwing herself in front of a lorry.
Sam Kingston.
Sam Kingston is a builder played by actor Scott Wright, he first appeared on 19 June 2000. Soon after his arrival, Sam is revealed as a male stripper, disguising himself as "The Masked Python".
Phil Simmonds.
Phil Simmonds befriends Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) after landlord Duggie Ferguson (John Bowe) makes him homeless in September 2000. He takes legal action against Duggie but later settles out of court. He reappears on 9 April 2001, when Toyah encounters him on the street. Four days later, Phil brutally rapes Toyah in the ginnel. Toyah is left clueless as to the identity of her attacker as Phil pretends to support her through her ordeal. On 30 April 2001, when Toyah is on her own in her house with Phil she suddenly recognises his voice as being that of the rapist. Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) hears her screams from the street, breaks into the house and saves her from Phil.
In August 2001, Toyah visits Phil in prison, after he sends her a letter pleading for her forgiveness. She is shocked to see that he has attempted suicide. She gets Phil to agree to plead guilty to the rape charges. However, Toyah later discovers that Phil has no intention of pleading guilty, despite the DNA evidence. He later changes his plea to guilty, meaning that no trial would take place, much to Toyah's relief. On 7 September 2001, Phil is sentenced to ten years imprisonment for Toyah's rape. 
Dean Sykes.
Dean Sykes is Linda Sykes' (Jacqueline Pirie) brother, and appears in two episodes.
Dean and his companion, Lenny Larkin, stage an armed raid at Fresco's Supermarket. When the shop is closed, however, Dean hopes he can raid the safe in the supermarket, and escape with thousands of pounds. As the siege grows, the police surround Fresco's. The climax occurs when the authorities burst in and police markswoman, Emma Taylor (Angela Lonsdale), fires a shot at Dean, who dies on the way to hospital.
Ray Sykes.
Ray Sykes (played by Peter Guinness) is the father of Linda Sykes (Jacqueline Pirie).
Ray's wife Eve (Melanie Kilburn) had walked out on him and their children and Linda had been forced to help Ray raise her brothers, Dean (Ciaran Griffiths), Ryan (Matthew Dunster), and Jimmy (Danny Cunningham).
Ray first appears after his son Dean is shot dead by the police whilst committing a robbery at Fresco's supermarket and meets Linda's husband Mike Baldwin (Johnny Briggs). Mike, who had been held prisoner by Dean during the robbery, is angry by Ray's belief that Dean had been a victim and angrily informs Ray that his son was a violent robber and Linda is forced to intervene to stop a fight breaking out.
Mike is further angered when Ray accuses Linda of marrying him for his money and Linda tells Ray that he treated her like a skivvy following her mother's abandonment. She then offers to pay for Dean's funeral. Ray attends the funeral and is unexpectedly reunited with his ex-wife Eve who shows up to say goodbye to her son. Linda is hostile towards Eve, blaming her for Dean going off the rails and his subsequent death, and Ray comforts her.
Ray does not appear again until two years later when Eve goes to visit him and he reveals that Linda, who had been missing for seven months, was alive and well and living in Dublin. Ray tells Eve not to tell anyone that Linda is alive. Eve's husband Fred Elliott (John Savident), had followed Eve after being suspicious of her behaviour and witnesses her say goodbye to Ray on his doorstep and jumps to the wrong conclusion, that they are having an affair.
The next day, Fred sees Ray in the area and asks Mike if Ray had been into the Rovers during the day. Fred later goes to visit Ray at his home and asks him what is going on between him and Eve. Ray refuses to tell Fred why Eve visited him but reveals that he and Eve never divorced, making her marriage to Fred bigamous. Fred leaves in shock and this is Ray's last appearance in the show.
Eve Elliott.
Eve Sykes (previously Elliot) is the ex-wife of Fred Elliott (John Savident), she first appears at the funeral of her son Dean (Ciaran Griffiths) in October 2000. Eve tries to explain to daughter Linda Sykes (Jacqueline Pirie) why she abandoned the family but Linda holds her responsible for Dean going off the rails and is upset that she left her to be mother to her brothers.
Dotty Sutherland.
Dotty Sutherland is the mother of Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment) and Maria Connor (Samia Ghadie). She first appears on 22 October 2000. In 2005, She and her husband Eric (Steve Money) decide to relocate to Cyprus to run a donkey sanctuary and leave the dog kennels to Kirk for him to run. Dotty returns on 20 October 2008 to console her daughter following the death of her husband Liam (Rob James-Collier). Maria berates her parents for going on a cruise instead of to her wedding; Dotty says they had been hurt that Maria hadn't considered postponing the wedding until they got back. When she leaves on 31 October 2008, she tells her daughter that she wished she had met Liam.
Molly Hardcastle.
Molly Hardcastle was played by Jacqueline Kington. She first appears as the new practice nurse in the medical centre on Rosamund Street. She goes on to have a relationship with Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) who is estranged from wife Sally (Sally Dynevor). She leaves Weatherfield after breaking up with Kevin in May 2002. She was last mentioned in November 2009 by Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) to his wife also called Molly (Vicky Binns), whilst listing all the women Kevin had been in relationships with. Unbeknown to Tyrone, his wife had just started an affair with Kevin. Upon hearing about his previous affairs behind Sally's back, Molly Dobbs confronted Kevin, making particular reference to the fact she was not the first woman called Molly he had been with.
Matt Ramsden.
Matthew "Matt" Ramsden and his alcoholic schoolteacher wife Charlie (Clare McGlinn) moved to Coronation Street when the new Medical Centre on Rosamund Street opened its doors and Matt got a job there as a GP.
Matt is the biological father of Joshua Peacock (Benjamin Beresford), after having a drunken one-night stand with Ashley Peacock's (Steven Arnold) wife, Maxine (Tracy Shaw). Matt left Weatherfield when Joshua was only a week old in an attempt to rebuild his and Charlie's marriage. Maxine was murdered in January 2003, leaving Ashley to raise Joshua. In 2006, Matt reappeared with a new wife seeking access to his estranged son. Ashley went to court to stop Matt seeing Joshua, but at the last minute, decided to grant Matt limited visitation rights so that the judge would not make the decision. 
On Matt's first visit, Ashley's wife Claire Peacock (Julia Haworth) went into labour, and Matt helped her deliver her baby son on the living room couch. After the birth of Freddie, Ashley thanks Matt, but reminds him that this does not change anything. Matt has not been seen since but has been referred to subsequently, often visiting Joshua and taking him out, off-screen. 
Charlie Ramsden.
Charlotte "Charlie" Ramsden (née Johnson, previously Hargreaves) was the wife of Matt Ramsden (Stephen Beckett), played by actress Clare McGlinn from 2000 to 2002.
Charlie arrives in Weatherfield with her husband Matt in November 2000, having bought Natalie Barnes' (Denise Welch) house. She is first seen breaking up a fight between Sarah-Louise Platt (Tina O'Brien) and David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd), and Sarah recognises her as her English teacher at school. Charlie doesn't properly settle in Weatherfield due to her snobbish attitude and also due to the fact that most of the teenage residents were her students. She makes friends with Emma Watts (Angela Lonsdale), but takes an instant dislike to Maxine Peacock (Tracy Shaw). It soon becomes apparent that Charlie is an alcoholic, due in part to the fact that she had been given up for adoption as a child. Charlie tracked down her birth mother and was horrified to discover a student of hers, Luke Ashton, was her half-brother.
Her marriage to Matt becomes increasingly rocky during their time in Weatherfield as a result of Charlie's alcoholism. Matt wants to have a family but Charlie doesn't, and when becomes pregnant she immediately books an abortion. She confides in Emma and Maxine about this, leading Maxine to warn Matt before she goes through with the procedure. Matt tries desperately to stop Charlie going ahead with the abortion, but she does anyway. Maxine then comforts a distraught Matt, leading to her revealing that he might be the father of her unborn child. When Charlie returns home from the abortion clinic Matt reveals Maxine's news to her. Charlie is devastated to learn of the couple's one-night stand and walks out on Matt. Charlie takes the news badly and continues drinking heavily, even at work and as a result is suspended from her job. Charlie then agrees to give Matt another chance on condition that they leave the area for a fresh start. The Ramsdens pack their bags and leave in the middle of the night.
In 2006, Matt returns to Weatherfield, wanting access to Joshua and is married to a woman called Sylvia, indicating that he and Charlie had split up and divorced in the intervening years. 
Wayne Hayes.
Wayne Hayes is a young teenager who is first seen breaking into "Roy's Rolls" café in search of food. Roy Cropper (David Neilson) later sees Wayne in the Builder's Yard and invites him in for some food. Roy and his wife Hayley (Julie Hesmondhalgh) discover that he lives in a children's home, but has run away from his mother's where he was to spend Christmas. Roy later witnesses Wayne's mother's boyfriend, Alex Swinton, hit him and they are unhappy about bringing him back to the children's home as he is evidently unhappy there.
Roy and Hayley grow close to Wayne and harbour hopes of fostering him, despite the presence of troublemaker Alex. Their application for fostering is approved in January 2001. In June 2001, Hayley bumps into Wayne and his mother, Sheila. It soon emerges that Alex is still hitting Wayne. When the social workers get involved, both Wayne and Sheila are forced to lie that no abuse is taking place. When Alex later offers Wayne to the Croppers in exchange for £10,000, Roy agrees to pay him, as they fear for Wayne's safety. Sheila decides that it would be best for Wayne to stay with the Croppers even after finding out about the deal.
When Alex starts to demand more money for Wayne, Hayley and Roy soon realise that they are backed into a corner as they do not have legal custody of Wayne. In July 2001, they decide that they need to get Wayne away from Alex for good and the three go on the run in Martin Platt's (Sean Wilson) car. Events become serious when the media begin reporting that the Croppers have kidnapped Wayne. Amidst the media frenzy, the trio stay with an old friend of Hayley's, Ruth Audsley, in the countryside. Eventually Ruth informs the police of their whereabouts and Roy and Hayley are subsequently arrested for Wayne's abduction. Wayne is then returned to his mother and Alex, where he is threatened by Alex not to tell the police about their consent to him living with the Croppers. Alex is later arrested when Sheila makes a statement to the police, placing the Croppers in the clear.
On Christmas Eve 2001, Wayne reappears when he and Sheila visit Roy and Hayley at the café. 
Simon Green.
Simon Green, played by Lee Battle, appearing as the best friend of David Platt (Jack P. Shepherd) in 2000 and 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21370128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370128" title="Katsuhiko Matsuda">
Katsuhiko Matsuda

Katsuhiko Matsuda (; born May 10, 1965) is a retired male decathlete from Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="21370152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370152" title="Locke Brass Consort">
Locke Brass Consort

The Locke Brass Consort is a musical ensemble of brass instruments based in the United Kingdom. It was founded by Leslie Lake in 1966, as a quintet, to give concerts in schools and music clubs.
Since 1975, in collaboration with conductor James Stobart, the Consort pursued a parallel career as a greatly enlarged symphonic brass and percussion ensemble. With this format it performed regularly at the South Bank Centre in London during the 1980s, commissioned several works, broadcast for the BBC and Capital Radio, and made several recordings to critical acclaim, including two for American and Belgian companies.
Its most ambitious project was to record the complete works for brass of Richard Strauss (which included the world premiere recording of the "Festmusik der Stadt Wien" of 1943).
In early 2014, following Leslie Lake’s retirement from the orchestra of the English National Opera, the group was reformed, with Leslie as Musical Director and Conductor. The aim of the ensemble to recreate the symphonic brass sound of the original ensemble and others that were predominant in the 1980s. 

</doc>
<doc id="21370188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370188" title="Dirk Flock">
Dirk Flock

Dirk Flock (born 23 May 1972 in Cologne) is a German former football player and now manager. Currently, he is assistant coach at SC Wiedenbrück 2000 of the Regionalliga West.

</doc>
<doc id="21370196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370196" title="Heteroceras">
Heteroceras

Heteroceras is a Lower Cretaceous heteromorph ammonite belonging to the ancyloceratacian family, Heteroceratidae, characterized by a helically coiled juvenile shell at the apex followed by slightly curved adult shaft, with a J-shaped section at the end of it. The shell is ribbed; ribs are concave and oblique on the helix, straight and transverse on the later stages. 
"Heteroceras" has been found in France, central Europe, the Caucasus, and Peru. Related genera are "Hemibaculites" and "Cochidites". The family, Heteroceratidae, is a derivative of the Ancyloceratidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21370197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370197" title="Chumbawamba discography">
Chumbawamba discography

This is the band Chumbawamba's discography.
Compilation appearances.
"(not including top-single compilations)"

</doc>
<doc id="21370214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370214" title="Pravitoceras">
Pravitoceras

Pravitoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite.

</doc>
<doc id="21370218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370218" title="Gábor Katona">
Gábor Katona

Gábor Katona (born 1952) is a retired Hungarian triple jumper.
He won the bronze medal at the 1970 European Junior Championships and finished fourth at the 1979 European Indoor Championships. He became the Hungarian triple jump champion in 1972, 1976, 1977, 1978 and 1983, rivalling with Henrik Kalocsai, Zoltán Cziffra and Béla Bakosi. He also became Hungarian indoor champion in 1974, 1976, 1978 and 1979.
In the long jump he became Hungarian champion in 1972 and indoor champion in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="21370220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370220" title="Sohrab Rohani">
Sohrab Rohani

Dr. Sohrab Rohani, Professor and former Chair, Department of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering at Western University was named a recipient of the Engineering Medal – Research and Development Category.
Professor Rohani’s main areas of research are Crystallization of Pharmaceuticals (polymorphism) and Process Control.
Recent Publications.
• Mirmehrabi, M. and S. Rohani, Corrections for "Thermodynamic Modeling of Activity Coefficient and Prediction of Solubility. Parts1 and 2", Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences vol 95, No 4, 2006, pages 790-809", J. Pharm. Sci., 102(3), 786 (2013).
High Temperature Synthesis of SAPO-34: Applying an L9 Taguchi Orthogonal Design to Investigate the Effects of Experimental Parameters,
Powder Technology, (217) 223-230 (2012). 

</doc>
<doc id="21370226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370226" title="Jimmy Scarratt">
Jimmy Scarratt

James "Jimmy" Scarratt was a footballer who played on the wing for Burslem Port Vale in the early 1890s.
Playing career.
Scarratt played for Wellington St. George's, before joining Burslem Port Vale in the summer of 1891, soon becoming a regular in the first 11. On 19 September 1891, he walked off the pitch at the Athletic Ground in the second half of a 7–1 win over Loughborough in a Midland League match. He was a member of the side that won the Staffordshire Charity Cup in 1892. He played 20 Second Division games in the 1892–93 season, in the club's first season in the Football League. He scored a goal in a 3–3 draw at Burton Swifts on 18 March 1893. He played 27 of the club's 28 league games in the 1893–94 season, and scored seven league goals. He suffered a serious knee injury in a match on 17 November 1894, which kept him sidelined until March 1895. This limited him to just 13 appearances in the 1894–95 season, scoring one goal in a 4–4 draw with Newcastle United. Upon his recovery he was unable to regain his place in the squad and was released in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="21370244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370244" title="Willem van Heythuysen">
Willem van Heythuysen

Willem van Heythuysen (1690s – 1650), was a Dutch businessman and hofje founder in Haarlem and Weert.
Biography.
He was born in Weert, but moved to Haarlem via Cologne, where he first lived with Willem van Heuvel. He became a cloth merchant and lived in a large double house on the Oude Gracht (now called "Gedempte Oude Gracht") near the Verwulft. Like many other merchants of Haarlem, he owned a summer house along the Spaarne river, facing the Haarlemmerhout park. His neighbor there on the grounds of Spaar en Hout, was Zacharias Hooftman, an Amsterdam merchant who lived in the winter on the Herengracht. Van Heythuysen never married, but lived with his sister Geertruyd. 
Van Heythuysen drew up his will and testament in Haarlem with notary Willem van Trier on 13 September 1636. He named his sister Geertruyd as benefactress, but she died only a few weeks after he did in 1650. His will was then executed by his cousin Marten van Sittard and his associate Tieleman Roosterman. Most of what we know about him today comes from this document, which is also his charter for founding the hofjes named after him, namely the "Hofje van Willem Heythuijsen" in Haarlem, and the "Hofje van Willem Heythuijsen" in Weert. Though Weert is near the town of Heythuysen, Willem van Heythuysen's family had probably been living in Weert for at least a generation, because a year before he signed his will specifying hofjes to be built in Haarlem and Weert, he had already purchased a property for 925 guilders in Weert to found a poorhouse there which would give precedence to members of his family. According to his will, the hofjes were to be built and maintained after his death with funds from the proceeds of his estate. He appointed his brother Frans van Heythuysen and Tieleman Roosterman to build the hofje in Weert. Tieleman Roosterman was one of the two executors of the will, the other one was Marten van Sittard. Roosterman was also the one who built the hofje in Haarlem and he also became its first regent. 
Portraits by Frans Hals.
Maerten van Sittard commissioned a copy of the famous Frans Hals portrait of Willem van Heythuysen leaning back in his chair, a portrait that hung in the Haarlem hofje for centuries. In August 1653 he made a payment "to Frans Hals for the portrait of Van Heythuysen, 36 Guilders". It was sold by the hofje regents in 1869 by public auction in Paris and was acquired the following year by the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels. Long considered an original portrait painted from life, it was recently, determined that this picture was actually painted after Van Heythuysen died as a copy for the hofje by the artist himself of his earlier 1630s original. The "1630s version" first appeared at auction in 2008 and was sold for 9 million euros.
All in all, Hals painted him three times, including the copy. The other full-length portrait is the one hanging in the Liechtenstein gallery where he poses with a sword. That impressive painting may have been intended as a pendant wedding portrait. He was betrothed to Alida Roosterman (c. 1620-1647), the younger sister of Tieleman, but she died before they could be married.
Legacy.
Nothing remains today of the original homes of Willem van Heythuysen. His summer home "Middelhout" was sold to Hendrik van Vladeracken, brother-in-law to Roosterman. Hendrik's daughter Susanna became a regent of the hofje and lived to be 90. Thanks to her legacy, the hofje underwent repairs and has remained solvent up to today. A painting was made to honor her that is now in the possession of the Frans Hals Museum. Today on the location of the old Middelhout, an old age home called "Spaar en Hout" is located. In recent years a modern apartment complex called "Middelhout" has been built on a corner of the old grounds of Sparenhout.
The two hofjes both fared better than his homes. The Haarlem one still exists today, but the Weert one was deconstructed in 1876 to make way for a Catholic school.
Willem van Heythuysen was buried in the St. Bavochurch in Haarlem, where his gravestone can still be seen on the south side of the choir.

</doc>
<doc id="21370267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370267" title="Discoscaphites">
Discoscaphites

Discoscaphites is an extinct genus of ammonite.
Distribution.
Cretaceous of Greenland, Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Kansas, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Wyoming 

</doc>
<doc id="21370273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370273" title="Nanoindenter">
Nanoindenter

A nanoindenter is the main component for indentation hardness tests used in nanoindentation. Since the mid-1970s nanoindentation has become the primary method for measuring and testing very small volumes of mechanical properties. Nanoindentation, also called "depth sensing indentation" or "instrumented indentation", gained popularity with the development of machines that could record small load and displacement with high accuracy and precision. The load displacement data can be used to determine modulus of elasticity, hardness, yield strength, fracture toughness, scratch hardness and wear properties.
Types.
There are many types of nanoindenters in current use differing mainly on their tip geometry. Among the numerous available geometries are three and four sided pyramids, wedges, cones, cylinders, filaments, and spheres. Several geometries have become a well established common standard due to their extended use and well known properties; such as Berkovich, cube corner, Vickers, and Knoop nanoindenters. To meet the high precision required, nanoindenters must be made following the definitions of ISO 14577-2, and be inspected and measured with equipment and standards traceable to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). The tip end of the indenter can be made sharp, flat, or rounded to a cylindrical or spherical shape. The material for most nanoindenters is diamond and sapphire, although other hard materials can be used such as quartz, silicon, tungsten, steel, tungsten carbide and almost any other hard metal or ceramic material. Diamond is the most commonly used material for nanoindentation due to its properties of hardness, thermal conductivity, and chemical inertness. In some cases electrically conductive diamond may be needed for special applications and is also available.
Holders.
Nanoindenters are mounted on holders which could be the standard design from a manufacturer of nanoindenting equipment, or custom design. The holder material can be steel, titanium, machinable ceramic, other metals or rigid materials. In most cases the indenter is attached to the holder using a rigid metal bonding process. The metal forms a molecular bond with both material be it diamond-steel, diamond-ceramic, etc.
Angular measurements.
Nanoindenter dimensions are very small, some less than , and made with precise angular geometry in order to achieve the highly accurate readings required for nanoindentation. Instruments that measure angles on larger objects such as protractors or comparators are neither practical nor precise enough to measure nanoindenter angles even with help of microscopes. For precise measurements a laser goniometer is used to measure diamond nanoindenter angles. Nanoindenter faces are highly polished and reflective which is the basis for the laser goniometer measurements. The laser goniometer can measure within a thousandth of a degree to specified or requested angles.

</doc>
<doc id="21370288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370288" title="Danny Fütterer">
Danny Fütterer

Danny Fütterer (born 28 August 1975) is a German former football player. He made his debut on the professional league level in the Bundesliga for SV Werder Bremen on 7 May 1999 when he started in a game against Eintracht Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="21370303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370303" title="John Hughes (sculptor)">
John Hughes (sculptor)

John Hughes (30 January 1865 – 1941) was an Irish sculptor.
Life.
Hughes was born in Dublin and educated at North Richmond Street CBS. He entered the Metropolitan School of Art in Dublin in 1878 and trained as a part-time student for ten years. In 1890 he won a scholarship to the South Kensington School of Art, London, after which another scholarship took him to Paris. He then studied further in Italy. He was appointed as teacher to the Metropolitan School of Art in Dublin in 1894 and in 1902 became Professor of Sculpture in the Royal Hibernian Academy School. His last residence in Dublin was at 28 Lennox Street, Portobello. From 1903 he lived in Italy and in France; he died at Nice in 1941.
Works.
In Ireland:
Others:
References.
Alan Denson: "John Hughes, sculptor, 1865-1941: A documentary biography".

</doc>
<doc id="21370309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370309" title="Billy Shantz">
Billy Shantz

Wilmer Ebert Shantz (July 31, 1927 – December 13, 1993) was an American Major League Baseball player. Shantz played for the Philadelphia/Kansas City Athletics and the New York Yankees in , and . Shantz batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Pottstown, Pennsylvania and died in Lauderhill, Florida.
His older brother, Bobby Shantz, a left-handed pitcher, played in the Majors for 16 seasons (1949–1964) and was the Most Valuable Player in the American League in .

</doc>
<doc id="21370314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370314" title="Hoploscaphites">
Hoploscaphites

Hoploscaphites is an extinct ammonite genus from the Upper Cretaceous, included in the family Scaphitidae. It is considered by some to be a subgenus of "Scaphites". Like "Scaphites" the shell of "Hoploscaphites" is involute with the final whorl projecting forward and curved back on itself. Shells vary from compressed to inflated with convex sides. Tubercles normally present may be sparse or absent.

</doc>
<doc id="21370322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370322" title="South Holston Dam">
South Holston Dam

South Holston Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control dam on the South Fork Holston River in Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the uppermost of three dams on the South Fork Holston owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the 1940s as part of efforts to control flooding in the Tennessee River watershed. The dam impounds the South Holston Lake of , which extends northeastward across the Tennessee-Virginia state line.
Location.
South Holston Dam is located above the South Fork Holston River's confluence with the North Fork Holston River (which forms the Holston River proper). The dam site is situated in an area where the river descends out of the Appalachian Mountains and enters the upper Holston Valley. The dam and the Tennessee half of its reservoir are surrounded by the Cherokee National Forest, and the Virginia half of the reservoir is surrounded by the Jefferson National Forest. The reservoir includes parts of Sullivan County in Tennessee and Washington County in Virginia. The city of Bristol straddles the Tennessee-Virginia border a few miles northwest of South Holston Dam.
Capacity.
South Holston Dam is an earth-and-rock dam high and long, and has a generating capacity of 38,500 kilowatts. The dam's fixed-crest morning glory spillway has a maximum discharge of . South Holston Lake extends northeastward for into southwestern Virginia, with of shoreline and a storage capacity of , of which is reserved for flood control. The reservoir's operating levels vary by about in a typical year. 
The dam has two intakes, one at the north end and one at the south end. The north intake transfers water from the reservoir via high-pressure conduit to the powerhouse at the northern base of the dam. The south intake feeds water into the dam's spillway, from which it travels through a sluiceway to a stilling basin at the southern base of the dam.
Background and construction.
Various private entities had investigated the South Fork Holston's hydroelectric potential since the early 1900s, although other than Wilbur Dam on the river's Watauga River tributary, no major projects had been initiated. In the 1920s, the Holston River Power Company conducted a massive survey of the South Fork Holston's watershed with plans to build four dams on the river, including one at the present South Holston Dam site. After the Tennessee Valley Authority gained oversight of the Tennessee River watershed in the following decade, it proposed the construction of two dams in the South Fork Holston basin— one at the South Holston Dam site and the other at Cardens Bluff (modern Watauga Dam). The primary purpose for building these two dams was flood control, especially in light of a disastrous flood in 1940 that had destroyed several structures in Bluff City and Kingsport, both downstream from the proposed dam sites. The dams would also produce electricity to help TVA meet the high demand for power at the outbreak of World War II. South Holston Dam and its sister project, Watauga Dam, were authorized on December 17, 1941, and work began on February 16 of the following year.
The construction of South Holston Dam and its reservoir required the purchase of of land, of which had to be cleared. The construction moved 342 families and 559 graves. It required the relocation of of roads, and four new bridges were built. In October 1942, the U.S. War Production Board ordered a halt to the South Holston and Watauga projects, claiming they were not vital to the nation's war effort. TVA spent several weeks securing the dam sites, and the South Holston project was stalled until the end of the war. Work on South Holston began again on August 4, 1947, as Watauga neared completion. 
Along with the main dam, the South Holston project required the construction of a saddle dam approximately north of the main dam at the reservoir's Painter Spring embayment. The saddle dam is high and long. The project also necessitated the construction of an auxiliary spillway, since the main dam's morning glory spillway had not been adequately tested. This auxiliary spillway— known as the "Bent Branch Spillway" after the stream into which it empties— is located about south of the main dam. 
South Holston Dam was completed and its gates closed November 20, 1950. The dam's generator went online February 13, 1951. The total cost of the South Holston project was just over $31 million.

</doc>
<doc id="21370333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370333" title="Mark Powell (novelist)">
Mark Powell (novelist)

Mark Powell (born 1976) is an American novelist. He is the author of the novels "The Dark Corner", "Blood Kin" and "Prodigals" (all with the University of Tennessee Press), as well as "The Sheltering" (forthcoming from Story River Books, an imprint of University of South Carolina Press). He has received fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Breadloaf Writers' Conference. Educated at The Citadel, The University of South Carolina, and Yale Divinity School, Powell teaches in the English Department at Stetson University in DeLand, Florida. He repeatedly serves as the fiction workshop leader for the Hindman Settlement School's Appalachian Writers Workshop and the Mountain Heritage Literary Festival at Lincoln Memorial University. Powell's work has established him in the southern Appalachian tradition alongside writers such as Pamela Duncan, Silas House and Ron Rash.
Novels.
Prodigals.
Fifteen year old Ernest Cobb has fled his South Carolina home after the death of his girlfriend. They both feared she was pregnant and while he's innocent of her murder, he's terrified of facing his father's wrath.
In the late summer of 1944, making his way northward to Asheville through the Blue Ridge Mountains, Ernest meets fellow travelers—drifters, veterans, and outsiders—who are willing to help him. An aging hermit and woodsman, once a glassblower, rescues and revives Ernest after a particularly chilly evening.
Upon his arrival in Asheville, he finds work as a dishwasher, takes shelter in a dreary boardinghouse, and soon becomes involved with a new girlfriend. When their relationship ends, Ernest decides to accompany his friend, June Bug, to the logging camps.
Told in a minimalist style, "Prodigals" is a novel about Ernest's loss of innocence as well as America's loss of innocence after World War II. Using the American landscape of small towns and logging camps as touchstones, Prodigals focuses on the subculture of transients and the loneliness driving them.
Blood Kin.
"Blood Kin" received the Peter Taylor Prize for the Novel in 2005, awarded annually by the Knoxville Writer's Guild and the University of Tennessee.
The Dark Corner.
"The Dark Corner" tells the story of the three Walker brothers, troubled men struggling to hold their lives together in the South Carolina mountains. With its attention to the natural world and exploration of the clash between the old and the new South, "The Dark Corner" evokes the fiction of James Dickey and Ron Rash. 

</doc>
<doc id="21370335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370335" title="Jeletzkytes">
Jeletzkytes

Jeletzkytes is an extinct scaphatoid genus, (cephalopod order Ammonitida), from the Upper Cretaceous (Maastrichtian stage) of North America named and described by Riccardi, 1983. In overall form "Jeletzkytes" closely resembles the genus "Scaphites". Species include "J. compressus", "J. criptonodosus", "J. dorfi", "J. nebrascensis", "J. nodosus", "J. plenus", and "J. spedeni".

</doc>
<doc id="21370340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370340" title="Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, MS 139">
Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, MS 139

Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, MS 139 is a northern English manuscript compiled in "c". 1170. Apart from preliminary additions (i + ii), it contains two separate volumes, comprising 180 folios in total. The original first volume has 165 folios in twenty gatherings, about half of which are occupied by the historical compilation "Historia regum", which runs from f. 51v to 129v. In the sixteenth century, the codex was bequeathed by Matthew Parker to the Library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, where it is held to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="21370356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370356" title="Yuji Okano">
Yuji Okano

Yuji Okano (born March 2, 1964) is a retired male shot putter from Japan. He set his personal best (17.65 metres) in the men's shot put event in Kuala Lumpur on 23 October 1991. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21370383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370383" title="Björn Schierenbeck">
Björn Schierenbeck

Björn Schierenbeck (born July 12, 1974 in Bremen) is a retired German football player. He made his debut on the professional league level on February 22, 1996 in the Bundesliga for SV Werder Bremen when he came on as a 90th minute substitute for Christian Brand in a game against Hansa Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="21370388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370388" title="Zoltán Cziffra">
Zoltán Cziffra

Zoltán Cziffra (born 10 November 1942 in Keszthely) is a retired Hungarian triple jumper.
He won the silver medals at the 1969 European Indoor Games and the 1969 European Championships. He also finished fifth at the 1970 European Indoor Championships and sixth at the 1971 European Indoor Championships.
He became the Hungarian triple jump champion in 1969, 1974 and 1975, rivalling with Henrik Kalocsai and Gábor Katona. He also became Hungarian indoor champion in 1975 and 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="21370389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370389" title="National Political Association &quot;Çamëria&quot;">
National Political Association &quot;Çamëria&quot;

The National Political Association "Çamëria" (in Albanian: Shoqëria Politike Atdhetare "Çamëria"), a pressure group advocating the return of the Chams to Greece, receipt of compensation and greater freedom for the Orthodox Chams in Greece, was founded on 10 January 1991.
This association holds a number of activities every year, with the help of the Party for Justice and Integration, as well as other organizations. Every year, in 27 June, is organized in Konispol the "Cham March", remembering the expulsions of Cham Albanians.
History.
In March 1991, the first national conference of the Chameria Political Association (CPA) was held in Tirana with many of its activists drawn from the Albanian community who had been expelled from Greece after the war. The CPA intended to bring to international attention the neglected linguistic, cultural, and educational rights of Orthodox Cham Albanians who have been subjected to a Greek policy of assimilation. The group has also launched campaigns on behalf of Cham exiles in Albania. It has encouraged the expansion of contacts with compatriots in Greece, the return of exiles to their family areas, and the payment of compensation for property and land that was illegally taken from them during their expulsion.
Activities.
Since 1991, Albanian activists across the political spectrum have become more outspoken on the Chameria issue vis-à-vis Greece. Historic grievances over Greek repression of Orthodox and Muslim Albanians earlier this century have been aired, and Athens has been criticized for its ongoing assimilationist pressures against Orthodox Albanians who still reside in the Chameria, Epirus region. Although the Greek authorities have denied that any Cham problem exists, Cham representatives have continued to urge the Albanian government to take up the issue with Athens at the highest bilateral levels.
Controversy.
One particularly disingenuous endeavour by the organization leaders has been to create historical links in the public mind by presenting the ancient King Pyrrhus of Epirus (4th-3rd century BC) as an Albanian hero, thus revealing the extreme and irredentist aims of the association.

</doc>
<doc id="21370407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370407" title="Marie Phillips">
Marie Phillips

Marie Phillips (born 22 April 1976) is a British writer. Her novel "Gods Behaving Badly", a comic fantasy concerning ancient Greek gods living in modern-day Hampstead, was first published in the United Kingdom in 2007, later becoming a bestseller in Canada. 
She is the daughter of Nicholas Phillips, Baron Phillips of Worth Matravers.
Life and career.
Phillips was born in London and educated at Bryanston School and Cambridge, where she read social anthropology. After university, she worked as a researcher in television documentaries and current affairs, interrupting this career for a year to complete an MA in visual anthropology at the University of Manchester. In 2003 she quit television completely to pursue a career as a writer. Phillips's first novel, "The Talentless Miss Pigeon", was turned down by publishers. She worked in bookshops while writing her second novel, "Gods Behaving Badly". On the advice of a representative from Random House, Phillips submitted the second work to Dan Franklin, the publishing director of Jonathan Cape, who purchased the UK and Commonwealth rights.
Phillips left bookselling in 2007 to concentrate on writing. She also has a regular personal blog on blogspot.com, which often includes reviews of literature, theatre, and film, as well as current television and radio. She was a writer-in-residence for the charity First Story at Harris Academy Bermondsey 2009–10, and currently at Acland Burghley School in London.
With Robert Hudson (novelist) she wrote "Warhorses of Letters", a 2011 BBC Radio 4 comedy series about the horses of Napoleon and Wellington starring Stephen Fry, Daniel Rigby and Tamsin Greig. The book of the series is being crowd-funded through the Unbound platform.
"Gods Behaving Badly".
Phillips conceived the idea for "Gods Behaving Badly" while listening to a philosophy teacher's comparison between the Christian God and those of the ancient world:He was saying that the gods of the ancient world had flaws, they were more human, and I suddenly thought, what if they were right? There is something arbitrary about belief; if you are a Christian, then you have to believe that the Hindus are wrong, and the other way round. You can back your beliefs up with archaeology or sacred texts, but ultimately it comes down to siding with one team or another. And I thought – what about the Greeks? No one sides with that team any more, but what if they were the ones who got it right? So here's this group of gods, imagine if they were still around...
She drew further inspiration for the novel's plot from the legend of Orpheus and Eurydice.
"Gods Behaving Badly" is Phillips's first published novel. It was released in the UK to largely positive reviews, and has been sold to over 12 countries. including Canada, where it reached #1 in the top-selling fiction list. It was originally optioned for television by Ben Stiller's Red Hour Productions, and is currently being made into a film by Big Beach Films.

</doc>
<doc id="21370414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370414" title="Instruments used in toxicology">
Instruments used in toxicology

Instruments used specially in Toxicology are as follows:
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="21370451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370451" title="Tommy Lander">
Tommy Lander

Thomas "Tommy" J. Lander was a footballer who played for Burslem Port Vale at the turn of the 20th century.
Playing career.
Lander joined Burslem Port Vale from Talke Alexandra in March 1897. He played 16 Second Division games in the 1898–99, but only appeared eight times in the league during the 1899–1900 campaign. He played 13 league and FA Cup matches in the 1900–01 season, and scored his first goal in the Football League on 1 December, in a 3–2 win over Barnsley at the Athletic Ground. He claimed another goal on 29 December, in a 3–2 defeat to Birmingham City at Muntz Street. He played 25 league games in the 1901–02 season, before being released at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="21370457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370457" title="Vasco da Gama Rodrigues">
Vasco da Gama Rodrigues

Vasco da Gama Rodrigues (27 January 1909, Paul do Mar, Madeira - 3 May 1991), was a Portuguese poet. Rodrigues moved in his youth to Mozambique, then a Portuguese colony. In his twenties he returned to Lisbon, where he worked in Lisbon’s Tourism Inspection Department. During this time he started writing and some of his works were published. His works are in the style of Agostinho da Silva and Álvaro Ribeiro. Lisbon's Câmara Municipal (Municipal Chamber) named a street after him in Santa Maria dos Olivais. On the 3rd May 2009, the school in Paul do Mar was renamed "Vasco da Gama Rodrigues School" in a ceremony led by the Regional Secretary for Education & Culture, Francisco Fernandes, and organised by the cultural centre "Casa do Povo do Paul do Mar".

</doc>
<doc id="21370471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370471" title="Shelton McMurphey Johnson House">
Shelton McMurphey Johnson House

The Shelton McMurphey Johnson House, or Castle on the Hill, in Eugene, Oregon, United States, is a Victorian-era residence that is listed on the National Register of Historical Places. It is named for the three families who called it home over the years. The house is now open for public tours and pre-arranged private events.
Location.
The Shelton McMurphey Johnson House is located at 303 Willamette Street in Eugene, Oregon at the south side of Skinner Butte.
History.
The Queen Anne-styled house, built in 1888 for Dr. T. W. Shelton, was designed by Salem, Oregon architect Walter D. Pugh. It has undergone several modifications, including an enlargement in the 1910s for Dr. Robert McMurphey, and a remodel by Drs. Curtis and Eva Johnson in 1951 which restored its original turret. The house suffered two major fires, one during its initial construction, and a second one in 1950 during the Johnson remodel.
The house was deeded to Lane County by Eva Johnson in 1976. It is now owned by the City of Eugene and kept open to the public by Shelton McMurphey Johnson Associates, a nonprofit group.

</doc>
<doc id="21370473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370473" title="Time Magazine Quality Dealer Award">
Time Magazine Quality Dealer Award

The Time Magazine Quality Dealer Award (TMQDA) is an annual Time Magazine-sponsored award for car dealers who are successful, support the automobile industry, and are community leaders.
It is the automobile industry's most prestigious and coveted award for car dealerships.
Dealers are nominated by either state or local associations of new car dealers who are members of the Automotive Trade Association.
Finalists and winners are chosen by a panel of faculty members from the University of Michigan Graduate School of Business Administration.
The award is presented at the annual convention held by the National Automobile Dealers Association (NADA).
Four regional winners are also selected, who are named the "TIME Magazine Dealer of the Year"

</doc>
<doc id="21370482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370482" title="Crimmins">
Crimmins


</doc>
<doc id="21370485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370485" title="Paraorthacodus">
Paraorthacodus

Paraorthacodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish. An unidentified species has been found in the Hasle Formation of Bornholm, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="21370497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370497" title="Phorcynis">
Phorcynis

Phorcynis is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish. the scales of Phorcynis have elongated crowns with a narrow median keel and short lateral folds and the teeth are asymmetrical, similar to those of Orectolobus. 

</doc>
<doc id="21370500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370500" title="Charles E. Cheney">
Charles E. Cheney

Charles Edward Cheney (February 12, 1836 – November 15, 1916) was born in Canandaigua, New York. He was an American bishop and second bishop of the Reformed Episcopal Church. A graduate of Hobart College in Geneva, New York, he studied at Virginia Theological Seminary before ordination to the diaconate and priesthood by William Heathcote DeLancey in 1858 and 1859 respectively. Soon after his ordination he became rector of Christ Church, Chicago, where he served from 1860 until his death.
Cheney's opposition to the baptismal regeneration of infants resulted in ecclesiastical censure by Bishop Henry J. Whitehouse of Chicago. Cheney was consecrated bishop by George David Cummins at Christ Church, Chicago, Illinois, on December 14, 1873. He succeeded Cummins as Presiding Bishop of the Reformed Episcopal Church, serving in this capacity from 1876-1877 and 1887-1889.

</doc>
<doc id="21370506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370506" title="Matthew Keating (politician)">
Matthew Keating (politician)

Matthew Keating (23 May 1869 – 25 May 1937) was an Irish politician. He was born at Mountain Ash, South Wales, the second son of Cornelius Keating, a native of Cahirciveen, Co. Kerry. He was educated at the local Catholic Elementary School and became a miner at Nixon's Navigation Colliery. He later entered into business at Cardiff, and at Newport. He relocated to London in 1898.
Keating was elected unopposed as Irish Nationalist Member of Parliament for South Kilkenny in a 1909 by-election, after the previous holder, N. J. Murphy, was declared bankrupt. Keating held the seat until the 1918 general election, when he was defeated by the Sinn Fein candidate James O'Mara by 8,685 votes to 1,855.
After his time in Parliament, Keating took a keen interest in literary affairs. He eventually was made Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society.
In 1913 Keating married Hannah Sweeney, of Gore, New Zealand, whose family were from Co. Donegal. He died at his home at Cricklewood, London.

</doc>
<doc id="21370521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370521" title="Guillaume Joli">
Guillaume Joli

Guillaume Joli (born 27 March 1985) is a French team handball player. He plays on the France national handball team which won the gold medal at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370534" title="Henrik Kalocsai">
Henrik Kalocsai

Henrik Kalocsai (pronounced: xenrik kalochaee) 28 November 1940 – 22 May 2012) was a Hungarian athlete who specialized in the triple jump and long jump.
He won the gold medal at the 1965 Summer Universiade, the bronze medal at the 1966 European Championships and the silver medal at the 1967 European Indoor Games. He became the Hungarian triple jump champion in 1962, 1963, 1965, 1967, 1968, 1970, 1971 and 1973, rivalling with Drágán Ivanov, Zoltán Cziffra and Gábor Katona.
In the long jump he finished sixth at the 1970 European Indoor Championships. He became Hungarian long jump champion in every year from 1960 to 1971, except for 1964 and 1968 when Béla Margitics won. He also became indoor champion in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="21370545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370545" title="IIHF European Cup 1970">
IIHF European Cup 1970

The 1969-1970 European Cup was the fifth edition of the European Cup, IIHF's premier European club ice hockey tournament. The season started on September 13, 1969 and finished on October 10, 1970.
The tournament was won by CSKA Moscow, who beat Spartak Moscow in the final

</doc>
<doc id="21370549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370549" title="Franck Junillon">
Franck Junillon

Franck Junillon (born 28 November 1978 in Montpellier) is a French team handball player. He played on the France national handball team which won gold medals at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370567" title="List of Coronation Street characters (2007)">
List of Coronation Street characters (2007)

The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in 2007, by order of first appearance.
Roger Stiles.
Roger Stiles, played by Andrew Dunn, is a plumber who fixes Janice Battersby's (Vicky Entwistle) heating in January 2007 when her boiler breaks down. After they date twice in the Rovers Return Inn, he invites Janice to go to France with him for a three month holiday and she accepts. Janice returns alone in March and Roger returns two months later. In 2007, he invests £10,000 in Janice's stepdaughter Leanne's (Jane Danson) restaurant. Janice and Roger begin living together after Roger struggles to pay his rent, as a result of his loan to Leanne, which she eventually pays back. He saves the Barlows' kitchen roof when it is leaking in May 2008 and strikes up a friendship with Ken Barlow (William Roache).
In early August 2008, he, Janice, Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) and Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) all embark on a holiday to France together, which ends in a minor car accident in which Roger suffers whiplash.
It was announced in September 2008 that Roger would be leaving the show the following month.
In October 2008, Roger finds out about Janice's Lottery scam after she is arrested by the police. Angry and ashamed with her actions, he packs up his van and leaves Janice.
Jodie Morton.
Jodie Morton was played by Samantha Seager. Jodie is introduced as the new owner of Diggory Compton's old bakery, along with her father Jerry (Michael Starke). Jodie and her grandfather, Wilf, arrive on Coronation Street, in January 2007, to ask Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) why the re-fit on the bakery is taking so long. She later finds out Charlie has been murdered, and asks his colleague Jason Grimshaw (Ryan Thomas) to continue with the re-fit. She also calls Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) "cheesey" when he attempts to flirt with her. Jodie enjoys arguing with rival chip shop worker, Cilla Battersby-Brown (Wendi Peters). Cilla states that Jodie has the body of her father, Jerry Morton, and the face of 'Jabba The Hut'. Cilla also calls an exterminator and lies that the kebab shop, which they had now named "Jerry's Kebabs", is infested with rats. Jodie then retaliates by calling Cilla a liar. As part of the ongoing feud, Jodie takes Cilla's son Chesney's (Sam Aston) dog Schmeichel and keeps him in the family's garden shed later letting him go. Jodie has a brief romance with Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles). On 14 July 2007 it was announced that Seager was leaving "Coronation Street". Jodie leaves Weatherfield on 11 November 2007, after feeling that Jerry had taken her for granted too many times and goes to live with a friend in London.
Wilf Morton.
Wilfred "Wilf" Morton is the father of Jerry Morton (Michael Starke). Wilf arrived on the street with his granddaughter, Jodie (Samantha Seager). He called Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin) "chief", which Dev took to be a racist comment. However, Jodie explained that Wilf was not good with names and that this was simply his method of addressing people informally. Wilf was an ex-convict with an extensive criminal record, mostly as a result of his tendency to take part in scams, a trait that many members of his family had inherited. On discovering his granddaughter Mel's (Emma Edmondson) ambition to join the police, Wilf claimed he felt it was like "being stabbed". However, despite his former misdemeanours, Wilf was loyal to his family and after realising that his past record may have affected Mel and her application to join the Police, Wilf faked his death on Father's Day 2007, by submitting a false obituary to the Weatherfield Gazette. This action lead to Blanche Hunt (Maggie Jones) and Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride) believing he was dead - with the former arranging her own wake, despite still being alive, as a result. Wilf's intentions towards Blanche were never fully established; while the two often bickered, Blanche was genuinely shocked when she believed Wilf was dead, and Wilf made several flirtatious comments towards her. Although he appeared to live with his son and grandchildren, Wilf's appearances suddenly ceased and he was not referred to when his family left the Street in September 2008. 
Doreen Fenwick.
Doreen Fenwick was played by actress Barbara Young.
Doreen's character has been described as lively, bubbly and flirty. She has been revealed to have been a former member of Charlie Roscoe’s Exotic Dancers, joining the troupe at only fifteen years old. One of Doreen's eyes is noticeably partially sighted. This has been claimed as an accident in which involved a lychee and a chopstick. Doreen was considered as a new love interest for Jack Duckworth (Bill Tarmey), following the death of his wife Vera (Liz Dawn), but this plan was shelved. 
Barbara Young had starred in a number of television roles in a period of 40 years before playing Doreen "Coronation Street", notably as Sadie Hargreaves in "Family Affairs". She has also guest starred in "Doctors", "Holby City", the former "Angels", as well as another "Coronation Street" role as Dot Stockwell in 1982.
Storylines.
Doreen is first seen at "The Kabin", looking for her friend Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox). Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden), Rita's business partner, is annoyed when Doreen flirts with Bill Webster (Peter Armitage) whilst waiting for Rita. Later that night, Doreen is finally reunited with her old friend, and she and Doreen begin to go on regular nights out. She and Rita come back drunk one time just as an unexploded bomb is found in Weatherfield, and the town is forced to evacuate to Bessie Street Primary School.
Shortly afterwards, Rita lets Doreen stay with her as Doreen tells her that her flat is being repaired. However, Rita discovers that Doreen is faking her flat being repaired and removed of asbestos. Rita then tells Doreen to pack her bags and leave. Rita confesses to Norris that she is missing Doreen's company but refuses to make the first move. Norris secretly arranges to meet Doreen and persuades her to make up with Rita. The two make up over a drink in the Rovers Return.
Following this, Doreen begins helping out in The Kabin, notably when Rita takes a holiday. After Norris has proposed and been rejected by Rita, he goes on to propose to Doreen, only to discover that both George Trench (Keith Barron) and Ivor Priestley (Paul Copley) have already done so too. After some persuasion from Rita, Norris later retracts his proposal but Doreen declines George and Ivor's proposals too, stating that she has changed her mind about getting married.
Doreen was last mentioned on the 6 December 2010 by Rita who stated that she would be meeting her in Weatherfield town centre but, just as Rita is going to meet her, Doreen telephones to cancel because of illness. Rita returns to her flat and is injured as a result of the tram crash. 
Wiki Dankowska.
Wiki Dankowska (), played by Wanda Opalinska, makes her first appearance on 26 February 2007 as a new employee of Carla Connor (Alison King) at the "Underworld" factory. As a Polish immigrant, she is paid less than other employees, and they become concerned that their pay could be affected by this. She is bullied by Joanne Jackson (Zaraah Abrahams) and Janice Battersby (Vicky Entwistle), but Hayley Cropper (Julie Hesmondhalgh) secures her equal pay for her from Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier). She is the only factory worker to have seen Kasia Barowicz (Irena Rodic) fall and die in the factory during an illegal shift. Paul, Carla and Liam cover up Kasia's death until 8:00am the following morning, when the death would be covered by their insurance. Wiki goes along with this when Carla tells her that if they don't do this, Kasia's family would get no compensation money. Wiki has a son back home in Poland, aged 21, and she works in "Underworld" to support him.
She then starts her own business selling underwear. In early 2008, Wiki spots Kelly Crabtree (Tupele Dorgu) stealing rejected underwear from "Underworld" to sell at her own knicker party, and Wiki is torn between telling Carla or keeping it secret. She is soon accused of stealing them herself but Kelly steps forward to take the blame. She rarely gets angry, but when Janice returns to work, having been arrested for fraud, after it is discovered she had kept the winnings that had been meant for the Lottery syndicate she is a part of for herself, Wiki is very angry with her and declares that it would be a long time before their friendship could be repaired.
On 25 December 2008, she spends Christmas with Emily Bishop (Eileen Derbyshire), Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) and Mary Taylor (Patti Clare), where she cooks them a traditional Polish dinner. Although they are not impressed she did not notice and gets drunk.
On 6 February 2009 just after Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) confesses to Carla that he killed Liam Connor, Wiki inadvertently interrupts them to say that she is going back to Poland, to look after her ill mother.
Kasia Barowicz.
Kasia Barowicz arrives in 2007 as a Polish worker at the Underworld factory. She is their second Polish employee following Wiki Dankowska (Wanda Opalinska).
On the morning of 16 April 2007, whilst she working illegally for Carla Connor (Alison King) in the factory, Kasia trips whilst carrying a stack of boxes and falls down a flight of stairs, and dies from the injuries she sustains. Carla panics at the thought that her business could be scuppered and does not call an ambulance. Instead, she phones her husband Paul (Sean Gallagher) who hurries to the factory and helps her cover up the accident. Paul, Carla and Paul's brother Liam (Rob James-Collier) all lie to the police about the time Kasia died. They know that the police would ask questions if they called the ambulance immediately. As Kasia is working out of hours after doing two shifts, they are breaking the law. Liam even clocks Kasia in at eight o'clock, the time that her legal shift was due to begin, in an attempt to avoid further questions and cover their tracks.
That morning, Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor), comes in for material for daughter Rosie's (Helen Flanagan) school play costume. Sally is suspicious and knows that something does not add up. However, the truth behind Kasia's death remains a secret. 
Derek.
Derek, was a delivery man at the "Rovers Return Inn" who landlady Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard) immediately takes a shine to. He appears to feel the same way, so she attempts to get closer to him. Liz becomes more keen on Derek as her husband Vernon Tomlin's (Ian Reddington) lazy behaviour starts to annoy her, and she continues to feel this way even after she and Vernon get engaged. The fact that Derek is married fails to deter her.
When Vernon is supposed to be meeting Liz for dinner, he becomes too drunk to turn up so she asks Derek to join her. When he arrives, they both have a good time and, on the way back to The Rovers, Liz and Derek share a passionate kiss for the first time. After this, Liz continues to play around with Derek and eventually sleeps with him for the first time after he books a hotel room for them both. The two then later agree to continue seeing each other after Derek shows up at the pub pretending to be delivering.
Their affair ends in July 2007 after Liz visits him at his flat and they sleep together. Derek's wife returns home unexpectedly and Liz is forced to hide on the outside balcony, naked, and is wolf-whistled by some nearby window cleaners. Liz splits up with Derek after telling him that she is too old to be hiding on balconies and having affairs.
Kayleigh Morton.
Kayleigh Morton, played by Jessica Barden, arrives on "Coronation Street" on 18 March 2007 with her dad Jerry (Michael Starke), granddad Wilf (Rodney Litchfield) and siblings Jodie (Samantha Seager), Mel (Emma Edmondson) and Darryl (Jonathan Dixon). Shortly after arriving, she announces that she wants to return to live with her mother Teresa Bryant (Karen Henthorn), and Jerry reluctantly agrees. Teresa later goes away on holiday and leaves Kayleigh alone to look after her six year old half-brother Finlay whilst she is away. As a result, Kayleigh and Finlay both come to live with Jerry. Kayleigh is furious when she discovers Jodie has stolen Chesney Brown's (Sam Aston) dog Schmeichel as part of a feud with Chesney's mother Cilla Battersby-Brown (Wendi Peters). She returns the dog to Chesney. The two go on to kiss in August 2008. Kayleigh is devastated to learn that her mother has been poisoning her father and orders her to leave along with her siblings Darryl and Mel the following month. In April 2008, Kayleigh and the rest of the Mortons were axed from the show by producer Kim Crowther, departing in Autumn 2008.
In September 2008, Kayleigh is last seen waving out of a taxi window as she departs Weatherfield for a new life in Spain with her father and Finlay.
Pat Stanaway.
Pat Stanaway, portrayed by Sean Hughes, is a short-lived love interest of Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver).
Finlay Bryant.
Finlay Bryant, portrayed by Ramone Quinn is the son of Teresa Bryant (Karen Henthorn), ex-wife of Jerry Morton (Michael Starke). In April 2007, Jerry discovers that Teresa has gone on holiday, leaving their daughter Kayleigh (Jessica Barden) and her half-brother Finlay on their own. Jerry takes the children back home with him, so Finlay remains with the rest of the Mortons at No 6 Coronation Street. In June 2008, Teresa briefly cons Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) into thinking Finlay is his son so that she can get money out of him. On 26 April 2008 it was announced that the character would depart later in the year with the rest of the Morton family.
In September 2008, Finlay departs for a new life in Spain with his stepfather and Kayleigh.
Luigi.
Luigi is first seen in 2007 at the all new "Valandros" restaurant, as an assistant chef. He instantly takes a dislike to boss Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) whom he sees as inexperienced. He appears between 2007 until 2008 when employee Paul Clayton (Lee Booth) sets the restaurant alight in an insurance scam.
Ivor Priestley.
Ivor Priestley was played by Paul Copley. Ivor first appeared at the funeral of his ex-wife Angela Hawthorne (Diane Fletcher). He made friends with Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) who was also previously married to Angela. Ivor and George both soon worked together to try and discover who Norris's love interest was, after receiving a declined proposal from business partner Rita (Barbara Knox), Norris went on to propose to Rita's friend Doreen Fenwick (Barbara Young), only to discover that he and George had already done so too, after Norris declined his offer of marriage on 2 December, Doreen declined both Ivor and George's proposals, stating that she had changed her mind about getting married.
George Trench.
George Trench was played by Keith Barron. George first appeared at the funeral of his ex-wife, Angela Hawthorne (Diane Fletcher). He made friends with Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) who was also previously married to Angela. George and Ivor both soon worked together to try and discover who Norris's love interest was, after receiving a declined proposal from business partner Rita (Barbara Knox), Norris went on to propose to Rita's friend Doreen Fenwick (Barbara Young), only to discover that he and Ivor had already done so too, after Norris declined his offer of marriage on 2 December, Doreen declined both George and Ivor's proposals, stating that she had changed her mind about getting married.
Frank Nicholls.
Frank Nicholls is an elderly man who is first introduced when Cilla Battersby-Brown (Wendi Peters) gets a job at his care home. When Cilla discovers he has money she begins flirting with him, and he invites her to become his full-time carer. Frank is found by Cilla dead in his chair on 3 October 2007.
Christian Gatley.
Christian Gatley is the illegitimate son of transsexual character Hayley Cropper (Julie Hesmondhalgh). He first appeared on the show on 10 September 2007. Christian ran a record shop on Ashton Road, Manchester called "Sound Garden". At first Hayley told Christian that she was his aunt but Roy was worried about her telling lies and insisted that she tell him the truth, which she eventually did. However, Christian didn't take the news well and angrily lashed out at her and ran away. On 1 October 2007, Becky Granger (Katherine Kelly) visited Christian in the record shop and hit him repeatedly in revenge for him attacking Hayley. After she controlled her anger, she told him that whilst Hayley probably wasn't what he expected his father to look like, she was great and he was nothing. She made clear to him that whilst he hurt Hayley, she wouldn't want anyone to hurt him back. Three weeks later it was revealed that Christian had resigned from the record shop and left Manchester.
In September 2013, Hayley contacts Christian again, after learning that she has terminal cancer, wanting to make her peace with him. Christian agrees to meet her and they arranged a date and time but Christian doesn't arrive, upsetting Hayley. However, the next days he comes to the café and Christian apologizes for his behavior when they had met previously and tells Hayley that he is now married to a woman called Holly and they have two children, Maisie and Sam. Christian goes for a drink with Roy and Hayley in their local pub The Rovers Return. Hayley does not tell Christian about her illness and when he explains to Hayley that he does not want to introduce her to his children until they are teenagers, Roy loses his temper and tells Christian that Hayley is loved and respected in the area and calls Christian a bigot. He and Hayley then leave the pub, and Christian is left alone. Christian returned again on 2 December 2013.
Lauren Wilson.
Lauren Wilson is Violet Wilson's (Jenny Platt) younger sister played by Lucy Evans.
She had previously been working in Ayia Napa in a bar called 'Man-unition', it is clear from the outset that straight-laced Violet does not get along with her wild younger sibling. Lauren becomes barmaid at the Rovers, and moves in as a lodger with Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver). Lauren has a relationship with Darryl Morton (Jonathan Dixon), but it is clear to everyone but Darryl that she is using him for money and free nights out on the town. Eventually Darryl stands up to her when she suggests he steal from his father when he was out of money. Lauren immediately dumps him.
When Lauren was brought into the show the producers initially had high hopes for the character. However, these plans were later changed when Lauren proved to be an extremely unlikeable character both in the viewers and the critic's eyes. As a result she was dropped from the show less than six months after her first appearance.
In the days leading up to her departure, she begins to suggest to Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) that they take a break together, although it is apparent that she is just trying to wrangle a free holiday out of him (especially as she has just lost her job at the Rovers and has no intention of paying the rent she owes to Eileen). Sean returns from the holiday alone, explaining that Lauren, as expected, had abandoned him immediately upon leaving the plane once they had arrived in Spain. She had started dating a rich boyfriend and had no intention of returning.
Lindsey Gordon.
Lindsey Gordon is the ex-wife of businessman Tony Gordon (Gray O'Brien) who first appears when she comes to the factory and slaps Carla Connor (Alison King), warning her to stay away from her husband. She also tells Carla that Tony is a womaniser and a control freak. Tony tells Carla to ignore Lindsey, who he describes as "crazy". When Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) tries to dig up Tony's past, he turns to Lindsey for information. Lindsey continues to rant that Tony is a control freak, but claims they are both still in love and that Tony will return to her. Liam tries to tell Carla this, but Carla does not listen.
Phil Hardwick.
Phil Hardwick is Ryan Connor's (Ben Thompson) wheel-chair bound best friend. He has made periodic appearances since 2007 and made his most recent in May 2009, as Phil and Ryan had formed a band.
Harry Mason.
Harry Mason was played by Jack Ellis. He made his first onscreen appearance on 3 December 2007 when he and his son Dan Mason (Matthew Crompton) took over the betting shop on Rosamund Street.
The character's casting was widely reported in the media, due to the fact Harry was to be portrayed by Jack Ellis, well known for his role as prison officer Jim Fenner in "Bad Girls". The character and his on-screen son were described by a "Coronation Street" spokesperson as "a colourful addition will ruffle a few feathers".
The character is described by the programme's official website as: "a man on a mission to hide his financial assets. With three ex-wives and members of the criminal fraternity on the look-out for him, he needs to be sure that he hides those funds in a secure place. Harry is a wide-boy, someone who enjoys ducking and diving. He has a bit of a rough edge to him and operates on just the right side of the law."
Storylines.
Harry first arrives on the street on 3 December 2007, along with his son Dan, to take over the betting shop. Harry criticizes Dan over his choice of car and later tries to entice Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver) away from "Streetcars" while meeting with Eileen's boss Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson). On 31 March 2008, Harry saves Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney), Steve's daughter, from being run over by a van. It also becomes clear on the same day that Harry is attracted to Steve's mother, Liz Tomlin (Beverley Callard). After some flirting, Harry invites Liz to the opening of the new bookies when her husband Vernon (Ian Reddington) leaves for a few weeks for a concert on a cruise ship.
It was reported in April 2008 that Harry's ex-wife Clarissa would be coming to the Street.
In May 2008, Harry invites Liz round for dinner at his home, an invitation which she accepts. Towards the end of the evening, Harry leans in for a kiss, however, Liz reluctantly rejects his advances, thinking of Vernon and not wanting to be disloyal to her husband. The following day, Harry invites her to lunch at the flat. Just as they are about to kiss for a second time they are interrupted by an angry Steve who expresses disgust at Harry and Liz's actions in Vernon's absence.
In July 2008, after Liz has separated from Vernon, they strike up a close friendship, which makes Clarissa (Alexandra Boyd), Harry's ex-wife react badly. On 28 July 2008, Harry takes Liz back to his house where Clarissa catches them kissing, with Harry and Liz having no knowledge that Clarissa is hiding there. Clarissa and Harry then decide to give their marriage another try, and reconcile. Harry then tells Liz he wants to end their relationship. Liz and Clarissa have a fight on 30 July 2008. The same day Clarissa tells Harry to move back in with her.
Clarissa and Harry reappear on the street in September 2008 and Harry and Liz resume their fling, and this soon develops into an affair. When Clarissa discovers the truth from Liz, they both team up to get revenge on Harry for two-timing them both. Liz invites Harry into the back room of the Rovers with the promise of sex, and as she strips Harry to his underwear Clarissa enters the room with her camera phone and takes the incriminating photos of Harry. She later agrees to take Harry back as long as he promises never to set foot in Weatherfield again, and leaves Dan in charge of the bookies. Harry leaves Weatherfield on 26 September 2008 to start a new life with Clarissa.
Dan Mason.
Daniel James "Dan" Mason was played by Matthew Crompton. He first appears on screen on 3 December 2007 and last appears on 14 November 2008.
Before the character's arrival, the media reported on the Masons because they were to be portrayed by actors that the viewing public were already quite familiar with. A source also stated that the character would 'ruffle a few feathers' with residents.
After the character's first six months onscreen the actor's contract was extended by one year due to the character's popularity with the viewing public.
Storylines.
Dan first arrives on the street on 3 December 2007, along with his father Harry (Jack Ellis) to take over the betting shop. Dan's first act of business was to track down Lloyd Mullaney (Craig Charles) who owes the previous bookie Stan a debt of £400. He finds Lloyd but Lloyd denies his identity. Later in the Rovers Return Inn, Dan tricks Lloyd by calling him over by his name and Lloyd answers. Dan tells him of his debt and that he is serious about recovering it. Later in the episode, Dan begins flirting with barmaid Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh), much to the anger of Michelle's boyfriend Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson).
From the start of the character's arrival, Dan is attracted to a number of local women. Mel Morton (Emma Edmondson)'s police officer colleague Abi Sharpe (Rachael Elizabeth) takes an interest in Dan and they go back to his home where Dan's father Harry is clearing a load of junk out, making Abi even think that there has been a robbery. She decides to leave, mentioning that she has got to get up early for duty. Dan then lies to Harry about her occupation, saying that she is a nurse rather than a police officer. Harry's interference in Dan's love life continues when he ruins Dan's chances of bedding factory machinist Kelly Crabtree (Tupele Dorgu).
Dan begins to flirt with Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson), and there is an instant attraction. They begin dating, and Dan suggests that she burn down Vallandros, her restaurant as a joke. This results in Leanne taking it seriously and manipulating her chef Paul Clayton (Tom Hudson) into burning it down for her as part of an insurance scam. Dan is frustrated with Leanne because she makes him pretend they are not together and punches him in the face, humiliating him in public. Despite Leanne's unpredictable nature, he gives her a false alibi to the police over the restaurant fire. However, Paul becomes jealous of Dan's relationship with Leanne and decides to turn himself in, and implicates Dan and Leanne's involvement. Shortly after, Dan and Leanne are arrested and questioned but soon released. They later discover that they have escaped a prison sentence when Paul is due to face charges but flees the country.
On 4 June 2008, Norris Cole (Malcolm Hebden) scratches Steve McDonald's car. Steve, outraged by this, blames Dan for the damage, believing him to be responsible. On 6 June 2008, Steve steals Dan's mobile phone from his car in revenge. Steve refuses to return it unless Dan pays the bill for the damage to his car. Dan refuses knowing he is innocent. Steve and Dan have a fight in the Rovers Return during its closing times after Dan accidentally elbows Steve in the eye whilst attempting to retrieve his phone. When Steve throws Dan's phone down into the cellar, Steve locks Dan in the pub cellar overnight. The following morning, Dan is discovered clutching his chest in pain. He is rushed to hospital where it is discovered that he is suffering from a ruptured spleen. When Dan recovers he lies to the police about the nature of his injuries and Steve is arrested. As a result of Steve's actions, Dan has to have his spleen removed. Steve panics, thinking he is to be charged with attempted murder but Harry convinces Dan to tell the truth.
In September 2008, Dan discovers, to his dismay, that Harry is selling the bookies and shortly afterwards he leaves the Street. Knowing that he cannot afford to pay back the interest on a business loan, Leanne offers to give Dan the £10,000 that he needs as a result of her and her stepmother Janice (Vicky Entwistle) winning £25,000 in a lottery scam that Dan does not know about. Dan delightfully accepts Leanne's offer. He eventually discovers the truth prior to Janice turning herself in to the police and he breaks up with Leanne. Leanne is left heartbroken but Dan soon moves on and begins dating Kelly Crabtree.
On 14 November 2008, Dan's relationship with Kelly ends when he sells the bookies to Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) and he leaves Weatherfield without her.
Nick Neeson.
Nick Neeson was played by Robert Horwell. Nick was first seen on the street stalking Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson) in December 2007. Ryan constantly saw Nick's car and was worried when he shouted out his name. Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh) and her brother Liam Connor (Rob James-Collier) went to confront Nick and got a shock in return when Nick said he believed to be Ryan's dad. It was then revealed that Ryan is the biological son of Nick, but Alex is his legal son. Ryan went away for a week with Nick on a Canoeing holiday and meets up with Ryan on occasions. Nick was last seen in April 2008 when Michelle was about to go to Ireland with Alex and Ryan to see her parents.
Abi Sharpe.
Police Constable Abi Sharpe was a police officer friend of Mel Morton (Emma Edmondson), first seen in 2007. She had an on off flirtatious relationship with bookie Dan Mason (Matthew Crompton). Abi flirted with Mel's twin brother, Darryl on their 19th birthday, to console him after Lauren Wilson (Lucy Evans) had dumped him, in order to make Lauren jealous. Abi reappeared on 7 July 2008, helping Mel sort out her father, Jerry (Michael Starke), after he had a heart attack and was drinking alcohol. Mel also asked her to do a police check on her mother's ex-boyfriend, Gary Denmark whom she claimed beat her. At the end of August, Mel was prompted to stay at Abi's with Teresa persisting to live at No.6.
On 3 September 2008 Mel and Abi were celebrating completing their police training when they overheard some youth girls fighting. Abi called the police force while Mel attempted to break up the fight, when Abi saw Mel getting hurt she joined in to save her friend. The fight ended with Abi left with a bleeding eye after sustaining an injury with a glass bottle. Mel called an ambulance and told Jerry about the situation, in shock, Abi was safely transported to hospital. Abi later told Mel in hospital that she needed eye surgery as she had a detached retina. After the operation, Abi was confined to desk duty at the police station because of the damage done to her eye, this was much to her disappointment as she longed to be on the beat. This caused Mel to feel very guilty. Abi later relocated to Stretford and Mel soon followed.
Wendy Neeson.
Wendy Neeson was played by Jane Slavin. She is the biological mother of Ryan Connor, but Alex is her legal son. Wendy told Alex's biological mother Michelle that she and her husband Nick had divorced over the row about Alex not being their biological son. She acted up when Alex went to stay with Michelle, and went to claim her son several times, and finally on 7 March 2008 managed to take Alex back home. Wendy, unlike Nick, was curious about Ryan but when he showed no interest in her, concentrated on Alex.
Alex Neeson.
Alex Neeson, played by Dario Coates, made his first on screen appearance on 17 December 2007. Alex was involved in the soap opera's first child swap storyline.
In October 2007 it was announced that Michelle Connor would find that Ryan was swapped at birth and that Alex was, in fact, her real son. The actor who plays Alex, Dario Coates stated in an interview that his character "Is just a normal teenager".
Biological son of Michelle Connor and her late partner, Dean, he is currently living with his legal father, Nick Neeson. Nick and his wife, Wendy, divorced over the row about Alex not being their biological son.
It was later revealed that Alex would find out the truth from the very child he got swapped with. Nick's biological son, Ryan, told Alex the truth when they fought in the street on 21 January 2008. Alex was hit by a car and both boys were taken to hospital.
Storylines.
In February 2008, Alex was seen in The Kabin telling Norris how he was Michelle's son and that she would pay for the sweets he'd bought. The news soon spread across Weatherfield but Ryan didn't find this funny when Amber commented on this. Alex was later taken by the police, as he had been caught shoplifting The Kabin, so they took him to The Rovers when he claimed that is where he lives, so Michelle said that she was his mother and he was safe to stay at the pub.
On 15 February 2008 Alex moved in with Michelle, Steve, Amy and Ryan at the Rovers Return Inn. Whilst staying there, he caused a few problems. Such as when he lost Amy when he was supposed to be looking after her, also by barricading himself in the pub, which led to a stand off in which Michelle talked him into opening the doors and driving Ryan out to live with her brother, Liam. He later refused to go back and live with Wendy, causing a lot more pressure on Michelle. Alex moved out and went to live with Nick on 7 March when Steve said he had to go. Michelle was upset but was also glad to have Ryan home again.
On 4 April, Steve went to Alex's house and tried to persuade Alex to see Michelle again, after some thought, he met up with Michelle once again on 7 April 2008.
The character was last seen when Michelle was about to take Alex and Ryan to see their grandparents in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21370569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370569" title="Inhaled ciclosporin">
Inhaled ciclosporin

Ciclosporin is a cyclic polypeptide that has been used widely as an orally-available immunosuppressant. It was originally used to prevent transplant rejection of solid organs but has also found use as an orally administered agent to treat psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, dry eye and other auto-immune related conditions. A variety of pre-clinical and clinical studies have been and are investigating its use to treat lung-related disorders via inhalation.
Formulation.
Formulation of the drug for inhalation purposes has proved challenging because of ciclosporin's poor aqueous solubility. Consequently, aerosol studies have often employed compatible solvents such as propylene glycol or ethanol as the vehicle for administration by nebulizer or have used more complicated aqueous-based formulations involving liposomes or other dispersions. Dry powder inhaler as well as propellant metered dose inhaler (pMDI) formulations have also been created and evaluated in the laboratory and in early clinical studies.
Investigational uses.
Ciclosporin was brought to market in 1983 but the first non human aerosol studies were not published until the late 1980s. These efforts probed the anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties of ciclosporin after regional deposition of drug in the lungs.
Asthma.
Ciclosporin has been touted as a therapeutic option in moderate to severe asthmatic patients as a corticosteroid sparing agent. Preclinical studies bear evidence to the fact that ciclosporin when administered orally or via inhalation is capable of blocking T-cell induced inflammation (e.g. via interleukin-2 and 13 formation)., eosinophil and macrophage recruitment in the lungs. Its use to treat asthma via the oral route may be constrained by systemic side-effects but this limitation may be avoided by targeting the lungs with therapeutic doses via inhalation. Pharmacokinetic evidence suggests that peak and trough levels of drug in the circulation are likely to be below the threshold of systemic toxicity. In addition to biomarkers inhaled ciclosporin has been shown to inhibit airway hyperresponsiveness in rodent models and appears to have been well tolerated in volunteers and mild asthmatic patients receiving the drug in single and multiple doses via pMDI. However, as of early 2009 there are no ongoing clinical trials further exploring ciclosporin's utility in asthma; in part, this may be a consequence of sporadic efficacy and side-effects (from oral use) in a condition that is historically managed by steroids.
Acute rejection.
Given ciclosporin's success in managing acute rejection of kidney and liver transplants, the extension of its use to treat early rejection in the lungs was an obvious one especially considering the increase in lung transplants performed in the USA and Europe since the mid-1980s. Numbers have increased from 33 in 1988 to 1468 in 2007. Furthermore, acute cellular rejection is common after transplantation and will occur in up to 90% of patients and episodes are most likely to occur in the first post-operative year. Consequently, the application of ciclosporin by oral and IV administration has led to efforts to treat acute and acute refractory rejection by direct aerosol administration first in animal models and soon thereafter in transplant patients. Most of these early efforts were carried out by or associated with the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. Unfortunately, the apparent success of aerosolized ciclosporin in animal studies and these early clinical studies was not duplicated in a subsequent randomized, placebo-controlled trial of aerosolized ciclosporin that was published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Nevertheless, a robust effect was noted in chronic rejection and survival and this has warranted more detailed investigations of aerosolized drug to treat or prevent the varied conditions of rejection.
Chronic rejection.
Chronic rejection of the lungs differs significantly from acute rejection. The condition is aptly known as bronchiolitis obliterans and clinically is diagnosed as bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome (BOS). Whereas acute rejection exhibits perivascular infiltration of mononuclear cells and attendant inflammation of the surrounding tissue chronic rejection appears to have significant epithelial involvement and is essentially a fibro-proliferative disorder of the small airways. Sadly, the median survival after a confirmed diagnosis of BOS is just over 2 years. In fact, despite improvements in outcome associated with acute rejection, virtually no improvement in survival has been noted in chronic rejection over the last 20 years. The surprising finding that aerosolized ciclosporin may prevent or delay development of this insidious condition has led to renewed interest with aerosolized ciclosporin formulations and one early stage trial involving a dry powder inhaler is recruiting while another phase III trial involving nebulized ciclosporin in propylene glycol is underway. Early studies have also been conducted with liposome formulations in volunteers and patients.
Other.
Inhaled ciclosporin has also shown promise in several other lung conditions. Early stage studies in mice have shown some benefit of ciclosporin as an adjuvant therapy in lung cancer when administered as a liposome aerosol in conjunction with paclitaxel.

</doc>
<doc id="21370570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370570" title="Cédric Sorhaindo">
Cédric Sorhaindo

Cédric Sorhaindo (born 7 June 1984) is a French team handball player. He played on the France national handball team which won gold medals at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370587" title="Masaki Morinaga">
Masaki Morinaga


</doc>
<doc id="21370600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370600" title="Sébastien Bosquet">
Sébastien Bosquet

Sébastien Bosquet (born 24 February 1979 in Dunkerque) is a French team handball player. He played on the France national handball team which won gold medals at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370609" title="Iranian Society of Mechanical Engineers">
Iranian Society of Mechanical Engineers

Iranian Society of Mechanical Engineers (ISME) is an organization founded in 1991 by some Iranian Mechanical engineers and professors (among them: Dr. Mahdi Bahadori Nezhad, Mr. Mohammad Bagherian) to develop and enhance Mechanical Engineering in Iranian universities and industries. It is now responsible for annual mechanical engineering conference in Iran which is held in spring.
Other activities include: Publishing technical journal and contributing with ASME...
Board of Managers.
Board of Managers since 21 March 2011:

</doc>
<doc id="21370622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370622" title="Sébastien Ostertag">
Sébastien Ostertag

Sébastien Ostertag (born 16 March 1979 in Paris) is a French team handball player. He played on the France national handball team which won gold medals at the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="21370628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370628" title="James Renney">
James Renney

James Renny, D.D. (died 26 July 1894) was a bishop of the Reformed Episcopal Church in England. He was consecrated as bishop for the Free Church of England on 24 June 1892 at Emmanuel Church, Gunnersbury, London.

</doc>
<doc id="21370645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370645" title="Marko Lerinski">
Marko Lerinski

Marko Lerinski (, "Marko of Florina"; 20 June 1862–13 June 1902) was the nickname of Georgi Ivanov Gyurov (Георги Иванов Гюров), also known as Georgi Geroyski or Marko Voyvoda, a Bulgarian military man and revolutionary. A prominent member of the Internal Macedonian–Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO), Lerinski was the first person to propose a common anti-Ottoman uprising in Macedonia and Eastern Thrace.
Gyurov was born in Kotel in Ottoman Rumelia, today a town in central eastern Bulgaria. In 1883, he joined the Principality of Bulgaria's armed forces. He took part in the Serbo-Bulgarian War of 1885. For his bravery, he was awarded a medal and promoted; his comrades even nicknamed him "Geroyski" (Геройски), "heroic". In 1895, he left the Bulgarian Army to join the Supreme Macedonian–Adrianople Committee and take part in its 1895 organized anti-Ottoman action, which involved the burning of Dospat. After the action's failure, he returned to the army as a non-commissioned officer.
In 1900, he got in contact with revolutionaries Gotse Delchev and Gyorche Petrov, who recruited him in IMARO. They dispatched him as a regional leader ("voivode") in the Lerin region (today Florina, Greece), where his nickname comes from. Other IMARO voivodes from the Principality of Bulgaria, such as Hristo Chernopeev, were also recruited at the time. Thanks to Lerinski's military training and his organizational abilities, his armed detachment became what was essentially a school for voivodes and members for the entire IMARO. According to fellow IMARO member and writer Hristo Silyanov, Marko Lerinski turned Lerin into "... a region of model in every respect. Enthustiastic activists, strict organization, a disciplined and, in the full sense of the words, propagandist and organizational detachment. That was all the work of Marko from Kotel."
Marko Lerinski was the first person to suggest a common uprising in both Macedonia and South Thrace (the region of Edirne), an idea that would be put into practice with the Ilinden–Preobrazhenie Uprising of 1903. However, he did not live to witness the uprising. After his detachment's location was reported to the Ottoman authorities, Lerinski died in a battle with Ottoman forces near Patele (Agios Panteleimonas, Florina) on 13 June 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="21370647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370647" title="Edson Lobato">
Edson Lobato

Edson Lobato is a Brazilian soil fertility scientist who received the 2006 World Food Prize for his role in helping transform the Cerrado into productive cropland. Adding to the contributions of fellow 2006 World Food Prize Laureates, Dr. A. Colin McClung of the United States, and Alysson Paolinelli of Brazil, Lobato helped make agricultural development possible in the Cerrado, a region named from Portuguese words meaning “closed, inaccessible land.”

</doc>
<doc id="21370728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370728" title="Southend Radio">
Southend Radio

Southend Radio is a local adult contemporary radio station broadcasting to Southend on Sea, in Essex, England from studios in The Icon Building on Southend Seafront, owned by the Adventure Radio Group.
The station was awarded its licence to broadcast in October 2005, beating three rival bids. Southend Radio began broadcasting on 28 March 2008 after a month of test transmissions.
The station simulcasts all of its programmes with its sister station Chelmsford Radio and Radio Essex on DAB digital radio across Essex. Some programmes are also simulcast with other radio stations owned by the Adventure Radio Group. The output is made to 'sound' local by using jingles relevant to the platform that is being listened to.
The station broadcasts local news bulletins from 6am to 6pm Weekdays and between 8am and 11am at Weekends.
Travel News is broadcast between 6am and 6pm on weekdays and provided 'live' at key times from the Essex Traffic Control Centre at County Hall in Chelmsford. There are also travel bulletins at the weekend between 8am and 11am. 
The 'Essex Action' feature is a community service designed to help local groups and charities with much needed publicity and also with appeals for volunteers. The service is coordinated by the Southend Association of Volunteers (SAVS) with their counterparts across the county contributing items for broadcast.
Southend Radio has a broad music policy, tailored to its audience, which also features the 9-5 No Repeat Workday between Monday to Friday.
Presenters.
The news team is Nick Hull (News Editor), Carlo Fiorentino and Tom Croasdell.
Technical.
Southend Radio broadcasts on 105.1 MHz from a transmitter located at the top of Maitland House in Southend High Street. The transmitter also broadcasts "Heart Essex".
The signal on 105.1 can be heard right across Southend-on-Sea and most of south east Essex. The signal can also be heard as far away as Clacton, Maldon and also North Kent & Medway.

</doc>
<doc id="21370729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370729" title="Shigeki Toyoshima">
Shigeki Toyoshima

Shigeki Toyoshima (born March 5, 1971) is a retired male high jumper from Japan. He is a one-time national champion (1998) in the men's high jump event. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21370736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370736" title="Meshach Dean">
Meshach Dean

Meshach Dean (probably born March 1870 – 1916) was a footballer who played for Burslem Port Vale in the 1890s.
Playing career.
Dean joined Burslem Port Vale in 1890; he soon became a regular and helped the team win numerous cups, becoming the top scorer for the 1892–93 Football League season with six competitive goals. He scored one of Vale's four goals in the 4–1 victory over Crewe Alexandra on 24 September 1892 – the first Football League game to be played at the Athletic Ground. He also scored once against Bootle and three times in two games against Northwich Victoria. He was an ever-present during the 1893–94 season, and claimed eight goals in his 28 Second Division appearances. He scored eight league and FA Cup goals in 29 games in the 1894–95 campaign to finish as the club's top-scorer for a second time. However, after three games he lost his first team place in September 1895 and was probably released at the close of the 1895–96 season having played 151 games (75 in the Football League) and scored 42 goals (21 in the Football League) for the club.

</doc>
<doc id="21370740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370740" title="2011 Copa Centroamericana">
2011 Copa Centroamericana

The 2011 Copa Centroamericana () was the eleventh edition of Copa Centroamericana (formerly known as the UNCAF Nations Cup), an international football championship for national teams affiliated with the Central American Football Union (UNCAF) of the CONCACAF region. It took place in Panama from January 14 to January 23, 2011. It was the second time for Panama to host the tournament. On January 23, 2011 Honduras won the cup by defeating Costa Rica 2-1 in the final. 
The top five teams from this tournament qualified for the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The group stage draw was conducted on September 2, 2010 in Panama City.
Participating nations.
All seven UNCAF members participated in the tournament:
Venue.
All matches were played at Estadio Rommel Fernández in Panama City. 
Group stage.
"All times are in local, Pamana Time ()."
Final stage.
Note: No extra time is played.
Statistics.
Goalscorers.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="21370758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370758" title="Alexander Haggerty Krappe">
Alexander Haggerty Krappe

Alexander Haggerty Krappe (1894–1947) was a folklorist and author. Along with Francis Peabody Magoun, he was the first translator of folktales collected by the Brothers Grimm into the English language. A.H Krappe is described as a folklorist, linguist, teacher, translator of scientific and other materials, a Roman philologist, a comparative mythologist, a classicist and Scandinavianist. Despite Krappe's contributions and academic writing, his work is largely ignored in the modern Folklore discipline as he staunchly denied the existence of American Folklore.
Life and education.
Alexander Haggerty Krappe was born in Boston in 1884. His childhood was said to be unhappy, and after his parents divorced, he was taken back to Europe by his German-born father. Krappe received his education in the Leibniz und Siemen's Oberealschuel in Charlottenberg, Berlin. An accomplished student, he remained at the university until 1915 upon his decision to study modern languages. Thus Krappe spent 1915-1916 studying medieval history and Romance languages at the University of Berlin.
Krappe went on to enter the University of Iowa in Iowa City on a graduate fellowship, and received his M.A. with a major in French and a minor in Italian. The capstone of his M.A., his thesis was entitled "The Chronology of the old French Chanson de Geste." In January 1918, he began doctoral work at the University of Chicago on another graduate fellowship. In 1919, Krappe received a Ph.D. His work in university established his interest in epic and medieval literature.
In 1919, Krappe married Edith Smith, the daughter of Folklorist Grace Partridge Smith. Edith would go on to describe her husband as "brilliant, but deeply troubled and enigmatic man when all of the sources are combined, it is the picture that emerges."
Career and death.
Krappe died on November 30, 1947, leaving three book-length manuscripts. The most significant of these, and only one published, was a translation of Grimm's Collected Fairy Tales in conjunction with Francis Peabody Magoun.
Krappe's definition of folklore.
In his book "The Science of Folklore" he stated 
Krappe's definition of folksong.
Krappe's work also extended into the field of folksong, his own scholarly definition 
"The folksong is a song, i.e a lyric poem with melody, which originated anonymously, among unlettered folk in times past and which remained in currency for a considerable time, as a rule for centuries . . . The American Kentucky Home, though it is supposed to have originated in circle of a somewhat darker hue than is popular in certain sections of the country, is a genuine folksong of both colored and white people"
This also serves as a prime example of Krappe's unpopularity among Folklorists and anthropologists, as Krappe's work many times shows him to be racist and sexist.
Works.
"The ploughman king: A comparative study in literature and folklore" (1919)
"Alliteration In The Chanson De Roland And In The Carmen De Prodicione Guenonis" (1921)
"The Legend of Roderick, Last of the Visigoth Kings, and the Ermanarich Cycle" (1923)
"The Science of Folk-lore" (1930)
"Hispanic Notes & Monographs; Essays, Studies, and Brief Biographies Issued by the Hispanic Society of America" (1930)

</doc>
<doc id="21370777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370777" title="Albert Cigagna">
Albert Cigagna

Albert Cigagna (born Toulouse, 25 September 1960) is a former French rugby union footballer. He played as number-eight. He was nicknamed "Matabiau".
Cigagna first played at Stade Bagnérais, moving then to Stade Toulousain, where he played from 1983/84 to 1994/95. He was capitan of Stade Toulousain, from 1988/89 to 1994/95. He won five titles of French Champion, in 1985, 1986, 1989, 1994 and 1995, and the Cup of France, in 1984.
He was a member of France Squad at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, where his country reached the 3rd place. He had the only cap of his career at the match for the 3rd place, aged 34 years old. Cigagna was, then, the oldest debutant for France ever.
After the end of his career, he's been Physical and Sporting Education teacher and was coach of the youth team of Mazère Casagne Sports, in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21370780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370780" title="Michael Czinkota">
Michael Czinkota

Michael R. Czinkota is a professor, author, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce in the United States Department of Commerce from 1987-1989, and also a former head of U.S. delegation for Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Industry Committee in Paris from 1987-1989. From 1986-1987, Czinkota was a Senior Advisor for Export Controls in the U.S. Department of Commerce, under International Trade Administration. Czinkota was awarded Significant Contribution to Global Marketing award from American Marketing Association in 2007. Also writing for newspapers such as "The Washington Times", "The Korea Times", and "Handelsblatt", Czinkota's recent article which was published in "The Bali Times", "Today's Zaman", and "The Korea Times", focuses on international trade and how it is crucial to revival of world economy. 
Education.
Czinkota was born and raised in Germany and was educated around the world. He studied in Austria, Scotland, Spain, and the United States. In 1974, Czinkota graduated from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg with Vordiplom Business Administration and Law as his major. Upon graduating from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, he was awarded a two-year Fulbright Scholarship. Czinkota holds a M.B.A. in International Business and a Ph. D in International marketing and Logistics from The Ohio State University.
Academic career.
Since 1980, Czinkota has been a faculty of Marketing and International Business in McDonough School of Business Administration which is one of four undergraduate schools and one of five graduate schools at Georgetown University. Czinkota has written several International Business textbooks such as “International Business” (8th Edition), “International Marketing” (10th Edition), “The Global Marketing Imperative”, and “Mastering Global Markets”. His books have been translated into Spanish and Japanese. Since 2007, he has been a professor (chair) at Birmingham Business School, University of Birmingham who is responsible for researching and teaching.
Since 2009, Czinkota has kept a blog on international business. The content ranges from international jeopardy questions to video interviews with professionals in the field .
In 2011, he received two significant honors in Peru. He has received a Doctor Honoris Causa degree (his third) for his work in International Business and Marketing. Second, it was announced by the Universidad Ricardo Palma, that its new School of Global Marketing and Business is being named after Czinkota.
Government Service.
Czinkota while serving the United States Department of Commerce supervised Office of Trade and Investment Analysis, Office of Industry Assessment, Office of Trade Finance, Office of Program and Resource Management, and Office of Industrial Trade. He was also the head of U.S. Delegation to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, a representative to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, and coordinating committee for Export Controls, he was responsible for Trade Forecasting, Export Control of Services, third country Export Control Initiative, policy positions on International Financial and Monetary Affairs, as well as secretarial testimony on trade issues. His government publications include: The Stat-USA Companion to International Marketing, International Marketing and Accessibility, and Agricultural Marketing: Export Opportunities for Wood Products in Japan Call for Customer Focus.
Publications.
2014 - "The Relationship Between Legitimacy, Reputation, Sustainability and Branding for Companies and Their Supply Chains". Industrial Marketing Management
Volume 43, Issue 1, January 2014, Pages 91–101 with Hans Ruediger Kaufmann and Gianpaolo Basile
2014 - "International Marketing: An Imperative for Southeast Europe" with Professor Dr. Valbona Zeneli
2014 - "Super Bowl vs. Olympics: Discerning the Marketing Differences" with Professor Charles J Skuba
2013 - "Of Chicken Slaughter and NSA Wiretaps: Do We Really Want to Know?"
2012 - "International Marketing" 10th Edition with Professor Ilkka A. Ronkainen - Textbook
2010 - "Global Business. Positioning Ventures Ahead" with Professor Ilkka A. Ronkainen
2010 - "International Business" with Professor Ilkka A. Ronkainen - Textbook
2009 - "Business Marketing Management" - Textbook
2008 - "Fundamentals of International Business" with Professor Ilkka A. Ronkainen and Professor Moffet
"As the World Turns: Observations on International Business and Policy, Going International and Transitions"
"As I Was Saying: Observations on International Business and Trade Policy, Exports, Education, and the Future"
"The Future of Global Business"
"Key Shifts in International Business: Adjusting to a new world"
"Emerging Trends, Threats, and Opportunities in International Marketing: What Executives Need to Know"
"Global Business: Insights Ahead"
"Global Marketing - Textbook"
"The Export Marketing Imperative"
"Mastering Global Markets"
"Japanese Distribution Strategy"
"The Japanese Distribution System"
"Unlocking Japan’s Market: The Distribution System"
"Trends in International Business: Critical Perspectives"

</doc>
<doc id="21370783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370783" title="Pico Paraná">
Pico Paraná

Pico Paraná is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Paraná and in all Southern Brazil. It is composed of granite and gneiss. It was discovered by German explorer Reinhard Maack. He also made the first ascent of the mountain, together with Rudolf Stamm and Alfred Mysing. The official height was obtained in 1992 by three teams from the Federal University of Paraná, using the Global Positioning System.

</doc>
<doc id="21370787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370787" title="Aipichthys">
Aipichthys

Aipichthys is an extinct genus of bony fish.

</doc>
<doc id="21370813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370813" title="Entenza">
Entenza


</doc>
<doc id="21370815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370815" title="Hadith of position">
Hadith of position

Hadith al-Manzilah is a Hadith in Islam.
It is one of the primary hadiths used by the Shia to justify Ali's right in the Succession of Muhammad. The Sunnis however, interpret it otherwise.
In 9 A.H. (630), Muhammad prepared to lead an expedition against Syria, and to fight the Battle of Tabuk. He did not want to leave Madinah unguarded, since there were suspicions regarding the safety of the city, and decided to leave Ali behind as his deputy. Ali asked if he was going to be left behind with the women and children [http://al-islam.org/restatement/34.htm]. Muhammad is reported to have said:
Shia view.
Shias, in addition to holding that this hadith was repeatedly mentioned by Muhammad in a number of different occasions (e.g. brotherhood contract between Muhammad and Ali), point out that the hadith is very general in its statement, particularly due to the word showing exception, indicating, to the word, a status for Ali with respect to Muhammad exactly similar to that of Aaron with respect to Moses (with the exception of prophethood). 
The Shia point out that the Qur'an mentions (7:142) Moses having assigned Aaron as his successor during his retreat unto the Mount; additionally, they assert, the Qur'an has shed light onto Aaron's status with respect to Moses through the latter's well-known prayer:
20:25-32 (Moses) said:: "O my Lord! expand me my breast; Ease my task for me; And remove the impediment from my speech; So they may understand what I say; "And give me a vizier (Minister) from my family; Aaron my brother; Add to my strength through him; And make him share my task"..."
The Shia also point out that this hadith, which makes use of a figurative reference, has exactly the same implication of the more direct Hadith of Invitation in which Muhammad is reported to have explicitly referred to Ali as his brother, inheritor and vicegerent (Arabic: Khalif).
Sunni view.
Sunnis do not consider this hadith as a proclamation from Muhammad for Ali to succeed him after his death. Aaron and his lineage were prohibited by the Law of Moses to take executive roles, but only religious ceremonial duties. Joshua, not the descendants of Aaron, led Israel after Moses. Sunnis consider Ali one of the best Muslims after the death of Muhammad.
They do not see this hadith as assigning to Ali any greater merit than the many other hadiths have assigned to the other companions of Muhammad such as Abu Ubaidah ibn al Jarrah of whom Muhammad said "You are the Secretary of this nation."
It should be taken into consideration that the above hadith is duly accepted in the context of the position of Ali as to Aaron and Moses by Muhammad by scholars such as Muhammad al-Bukhari, Hakim, Ahmad ibn Hanbal, and others.
Sunnis also have a similar hadiths for the second Sunni Caliph Umar, the Hadith of Umar and prophecy.
External links.
Sunni
Shia

</doc>
<doc id="21370828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370828" title="Route analytics">
Route analytics

Route analytics is an emerging network monitoring technology specifically developed to analyze the routing protocols and structures in meshed IP Networks. Their main mode of operation is to passively listen to the Layer 3 routing protocol exchanges between routers for the purposes of network discovery, mapping, real-time monitoring and routing diagnostics.
__TOC__
General information.
Routes analytics technology was motivated by the "best effort" nature of IP networks and the lack of visibility into the dynamic nature of packet routing across IP networks – often referred to as the IP cloud. Typical IP networks are based on a number of interconnected routers.
Information is exchanged between network routers using different routing protocols to dynamically determine the best route for packets to take - the most widely deployed protocols include OSPF, IS-IS, EIGRP and BGP.
Route analytics systems function by establishing a relationship (adjacency) with a single router in a Layer 3 network followed by passive listening of the control plane messages being exchanged by the routers. By becoming part of the control plane, route analytics systems effectively act as a passive router, having the same routing knowledge of other network routers but without the ability to forward actual data packets. Though the systems are actively participating in the control plane, they cannot affect how data is routed around the network. The systems must also support the various routing protocols to effectively analyze the updates announced by the network routers.
The main features of a route analytics system are:
Vendors.
The Route analytics technology is being offered by less than a handful of vendors today who are addressing a growing market niche consisting of larger enterprises and carriers. These vendors include Packet Design, OPNET, Alcatel-Lucent, Netcordia, Solana Networks and Iptivia. Hewlett Packard also offers a licensed version from Packet Design as an integrated option to its HP Network Node Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="21370851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370851" title="Loire-Atlantique's 4th constituency">
Loire-Atlantique's 4th constituency

The 4th constituency of Loire-Atlantique is a French legislative constituency in the Loire-Atlantique "département".

</doc>
<doc id="21370859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370859" title="Prisons of the Reign of Terror">
Prisons of the Reign of Terror

Prisons of the Reign of Terror indicates a process set up under the Reign of Terror, inaugurated after the lawsuit of the dantonists, then set up in a systematic manner, after the vote of the Law of 22 Prairial (Loi de Prairial). There were several "crimes against humanity", given that the expression indicates neither rebellion nor mutiny, but a concerted plan of physical elimination of innocent prisoners without due process of the law. Some of these manufactured "conspiracies" considered to be criminal, in year III (1795) failed (Abbaye de Port-Royal), others envisaged were prempted because of the events of Thermidor 9, and others still, found their completion 19, 21–22, and 25 messidor, 5–6, and 8 Thermidor year II (7, 9–10, 13, 23–24, and 26 July 1794). Maximilien Robespierre, Saint-Just and Couthon, contrary to one "Convention thermidorienne", did share this: they are entirely the work of the Committee of General Security, in connection with some members of the Committee of Public Safety, and particularly Bertrand Barère who said to the Convention: "the committee took its measurements and in two months the prisons will be evacuated".
Background.
Some members of Committee of Public Safety and of Committee of General Security had decided by political calculation, with various ulterior motives, to accentuate Terror by "purging" (it is their word) the prisons of Paris. Those were overflowing since the removal of the provincial revolutionary tribunals, in March 1794—the defendants stopped in the provinces were submitted in Paris, the recrudescence of the orders of arrest launched in Ile-de-France, by the Committee of general security and the "administrative slownesses" of the revolutionary Tribunal of Paris, backed-up by the paperwork, and the need for arguing the charges. Under the law of the 22 Prairal, the alleged conspiracies of prisoners made it possible to go more quickly, and to comb out the prisons. All the prisoners of one or the other of the many Parisian prisons, whatever the reason for their imprisonment - suspects, prevented or already judged, were concerned overall. The alleged conspiracy of Bicêtre, which made it possible to get rid, of more than seventy people, from 28 Prairal, until 8 Messidor, assembled by the Committee of general security, and Voulland in particular, with the downstream of Bertrand Barère de Vieuzac, Jacques Nicolas Billaud-Varenne, and Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois, was the first operation of great width assembled after the law of the 22 Pairial. The Osselin deputy, implied in corruption affairs, and who knew something about the corrupt practices of his former colleagues, of the Committee of general security, in particular Jean-Pierre-Andre Amar, and who had avoided capital punishment four months earlier, was one of these victims, from whom they feared revelations. It is Valagnos, a prisoner condemned to irons, and on standby of the deportation who had agreed to bear false witnesses, agreed to come out to charge the defendants at the revolutionary Tribunal.
This business of false conspiracy was followed by "the business" of Luxembourg, a conspiracy whose reality rested, still exclusively, on the false witnesses of individuals who, against various promises, had to deposit with the revolutionary Tribunal, and which sometimes themselves were carried out thereafter.
Principals.
Ground after the lawsuit of Danton and its co-defendants to the prison of Luxembourg where was the ex-general Arthur Dillon, Lucile Desmoulins, or Pierre-Gaspard Chaumette, the imaginary conspiracies, revealed and denounced by agents of the political police in the prisons of Paris, put back on an amalgam various unknown people the ones with the others under the same count of indictment - the "rebellion", to avoid dispersing in the maze of the personal cases. It was the Committee of general security (and in particular Jagot and Amar - themselves under the direction of Vadier, Barère, collot d'Hebois and Billaud-Varennes - which was given the responsibility to supervise, and execute this machiavellian plan, in partnership with Fouquier-Tinville, Martial Joseph Armand Hermann, former president of the revolutionary Tribunal now police chief, with the civil administration, and courts, and the citizens Lanne, and Dupaumier, administrators of police force. All the principals rested on the false witnesses granted, or snatches other prisoners, sometimes of the "false prisoners" who, such Armand and Manini, were sent from prison to prison to obtain confidences or indiscretions of prisoners: for example the practice that certain prisoners had to meet in the cell of one of them, which allowed, if necessary, to suppose that they plotted their escape with an aim of going to cut the throat of the members of the national representatives. With the Court, it was always the same question which was put to the defendants: "Were you informed or not of a conspiracy which existed, (with Luxembourg or another prison according to the cases) and which exists there, in this moment even, and you denounced it?" On the affirmative or the negative, one passed to the next.
First conspiracy of Luxembourg.
The first conspiracy of Luxembourg was assembled by part of the Committee of general security to carry out a certain number of people, supposed accessory to Hébert and Danton, without those being able to express publicly, on the true reasons of their presence to the revolutionary Tribunal. This technique which consisted in closing the mouth of the marked "defendant", with a collective offence of "conspiracy", under the law of the 22 Prairal, which dispensed with public debates. Joined together are Lucile Desmoulins, and the general Arthur Dillon who had sought to communicate by message from a cell with the other, were joined together and amalgamated with their alleged "accomplices": Chaumette, Gobel, Francoise Hébert, the Lécuyer general who were charged, by the Court that prisoners themselves were in danger, and died like the Laflotte diplomat, or the comte de Ferrières-Sauvebeuf.
Second conspiracy of Luxembourg.
One of the administrators of Prison of Luxembourg, Wiltcherich, which had "fabricated" the alleged plot of Arthur Dillon, and of the woman of Camille Desmoulins Lucile (5 at 13 April 1794) will cooperate again with the Committee of general security in its task with "purging" the prison of Luxembourg of its prisoners. To join together a sufficient number of denunciations and false witnesses, it made sure of collaborators subordinates among whom: *un tailor of Saint-Omer named with the rank of lieutenant of infantry, Pierre Joseph Boyenval that the revolutionary army had found makes indignant at it and who, imprisoned since the 20 brumaire year II, in Luxembourg, had charged Lucile Desmoulins and its co-defendants with the revolutionary Tribunal the 24 germinal year IIBoyenval was guillotine with Fouquier-Tinville in 1795;
The organization however was chapeautée by Jean-Pierre-Andre Amar of Committee of General Security, which, for this purpose, had on the spot dispatched its Leymerie secretary who acted in concert with the administrator of Faro police force charged with the "research" in the prisons. They thus recruited a certain number of writers of denunciations, and in Luxembourg, the principalLes others named Denis-Michel Julien, Jean-Louis Benoist, old Swiss, ex-police chief of the executive council, in the department of the Eure, Lenain, Antoine Vauchelet, trader, Meunier, Amans, Letellier, Louis Baraguay d'Hilliers, and Jean-Louis All Saints' day Beausire was, of not to doubt, Pierre-Joseph Boyenval besides, the Guyard caretaker, and his assistant the Verney clerk, had order to leave it and come to his own way, to nourish it suitably and to take care that it was as often as possible in liaison with the prisoners men and women. Boyenval was probably the indicator more cooperative the day before of Thermidor 9, it developed a news "conspiracy" of Luxembourg where it was understood that one would sacrifice two hundred people., with an Italian named Manini who prevailed in Saint-Lazare, the ex-count of Tool bag-Sauvebeuf to La Force or Louis-Guillaume Armand which had work with Holy-Pelagie for the account of Dossonville, principal agent of the Committee of general security, itself invested of quasi-unlimited capacities. Joined together "in council", the four collaborators, "brigands", consulted each other so as to draw up a list of names. This was not only the titles of nobility which appointed the prisoners but also "resentments, whims or love". Such conspired because he had refused to let one of the four men be useful in his snuffbox, such other because he was not generous with the counter clerk, a third because he was the husband of a woman that Boyenval condescended to find pleasant. This one for example had registered on the list of condemned, the one named Gant whose wife was also locked up in the prison of Luxembourg. He deposited against Gant and the evening, he was with the feet of the frightened woman; two days after, one saw him giving the arm to that from which he came to send the husband to the guillotine." When the number of conspirators had reached the number of 154, one stopped. The list was dispatched by the Committee of general security with Fouquier-Tinville. Contrary to the wishes of Bertrand Barère which wanted to consider the presumedly conspiry of the prison of Luxembourg, only once, they were distributed by Armand Hermann in three groups that were judged, after law the 22 Prairal year II - without debates and means of defense - in three meetings. In the parts given to the public prosecutor several denunciations, some not very detailed, as the others. That of Verney was to even be used for the alleged third conspiracy of Luxembourg which took place ten days later, Thermidor 4 year II. It was thus conceived:
I undersigned Joseph Verney, carry-key at the prison of Luxembourg, declare that there still exists in this house of the accomplices of the conspiracy of Dillon, Simon, Boisgelin and above the marshal's wife de Lévis (...) and that its accomplices mainly are named… the
(a list of name follows). And he adds:
I attest moreover than named Beausire, Boyenval, Amans and Vauchelet, is in the case of to attest that all these individuals are truly the accomplices of this conspiracy, even the principal agents. In Paris, 22 messidor, etc
First meeting - 19 messidor (7 July 1794).
In front of revolutionary Tribunal the procedure was led with as much contempt, and absence of equity that in the preceding "affaires", in particular, that of the fifty-four accomplices of the plot of the foreigner that the presecution and execution of the red shirts et exécution des chemises rouges to go to the torment. Fifty-nine marked were joined together on the benches of the Court where one asked them to answer by yes or no, the two questions which were asked to them: "conspired?" and "be informed of a conspiracy?". Fifty-nine people were condemned and guillotined. Among them, an eighty-year-old man: Jean-Baptist-Augustin de Salignac, Abbot of Fénelon. Among the others appeared in particular Denis-Pierre-Jean Papillon of Ferté, above intendant of the menu of the king, Guillaume-Joseph Dupleix de Bacquencourt above intendant of Burgundy, Marc-Antoine-François-Marie Randon of the Tower (administrator of the Treasury), Louis-Joachim-Paris, Louis-Joachim Potier, duc de Gesvres (compatriot of Louis de Saint-Just), Charles-Alexandre-Marc-Marcellin de Boussu de Chimay, prince d'Hénin, Aymar-Charles Nicolaï (ex-first chair Room of the Accounts) and Florent-Alexandre-Melchior de La Baume, count of Montrevel-en-Bresse Château de Lugny.
Second meeting - 21 messidor year II (July 9, 1794).
This second meeting was composed of fifty marked. It had this remarkable thing; that two of the defendants were discharged; one of them admittedly was a 14 year old child. On the other hand, the great architect Pierre-Louis Black-Desproux was included in this batch without same to be judged.
Third meeting - 22 messidor year II (July 10, 1794).
In this meeting which proceeded like the preceding ones, was present Georges-Louis Leclerc de Buffon - the son of the famous naturalist Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon, who, when he went up to the scaffold, shouted with reproach: "I am the son of Buffon". Present also was Jacques-Raoul Caradeuc of Chalotais, son of Louis-Rene Caradeuc of Chalotais, who was then known to be in a state of insanity.
Third conspiracy of Luxembourg on Thermidor 4 year II (July 22, 1794).
This last raid in the prison of Luxembourg involved the execution of forty-five people among whom above the duchess of Brissac, the viscountess de Noailles accompanied by her mother, the duchess of Ayen, born Henriette d'Aguesseau and from her grandmother, the marshal's wife de Noailles, like her great-uncle Philippe de Noailles, duc de Mouchy and his wife. With them the hurdy-gurdy countess of Lachâtre, general of Flers, the Roger citizen of the section of Humanity,
Last charrettes.
From the 25 messidor year II (July 13, 1794), the figure of the daily victims never went down below thirty and reached that of sixty sometimes. All the famous names of Ancien Régime were reproduced on the list of the defendants. But on these tragic lists were also day laborers, soldiers, and ploughmen.
Conspiration of Plessis.
This project was a failure - it had there only three condemned to died - thanks to the courage of the Haly caretaker. See the letter of Gourreau quoted by Henri Wallon. See also Coittant p. 187: six indicators recruited by Benoist, which had already worked in Luxembourg, namely: Cupif, above inspector of the gardens of Tileries; Anne Cruau, shoe-maker; Charon, old domestic; Schaff, clock and watch maker; Folâtre, old ordering battalion de Bonne-Nouvelle.
Conspiracy of the Carmelite friars.
After the prison of Luxembourg was "purged" by the process, in the same way, they applied it to other houses of detention. It was still the office of Armand Hermann who caused the denunciations. They brought in front of revolutionary Tribunal the fifty-one prisoners of Prison of the Carmelite friars. The first prisoners of the prison of the Carmelite friars were judged on Thermidor 5 year II YEAR, and forty-six of them were condemned to die on the vague denunciations of the indicators. Among them: Andre-Jean Butcher d' Argis (ex-lieutenant particular to Châtelet); François-Charles-Antoine d' Autichamps (canon with Notre-Dame) and brother of Vendean general; Louis-Marthe de Gouy d' Arsy (former deputy with the constituent Assembly); the general Alexandre François Marie de Beauharnais; Joachim-Charles de Soyecourt; Louis-Armand-Constantin, prince de Rohan-Montbazon; Gilles de Santerre (banking); Louis de Champcenetz (collaborator with the royalist newspaper " Acts of the Apostles "). The prisoners of the Carmelite friars were shown to have formed the project to escape.
Conspiracy of Saint-Lazare.
Among the indicators of Prison Saint-Lazare, the prisoners quoted: *Pierre-Athanase Pip-Desgrouettes, former lawyer, itself, on the bolster since his arrest the 2 floréal. It was implied in one of these innumerable blackmails, to the warrant for arrest near suspect rich person, have his fate was between the hands of its former Dossonville accomplice; * Augustin-Germain Jobert the Belgian, who hopelessly sought to escape the scaffold which it menaçaitil was carried out besides on the run on Thermidor 11 year II by the diligence of Barère;
The worst, if one can say, came from Manini, who, like Boyenval in Luxembourg, made zeal, preceding the desires of its employers. Besides one closed the eyes on his "indelicacies" because it was notorious that he made "to contribute" prisoners. Several prisoners, like Aimee de Coigny, Montrond, or the former deputy Thomas de Treil de Pardailhan, managed against money, to be made stripe lists of prisoners denounced, little before the series of "lawsuit" in front of the revolutionary Tribunal.
Meeting of Thermidor 6 year II - (July 24, 1794).
The prisoners of the prison of Saint-Lazare appeared twice. It was with the first meeting, on July 25, that Fouquier-Tinville made a sadly dreadful pun. Marie-Louise of Laval-Montmorency old of seventy-two years old, abess of Montmartre, was deaf. Jean-Baptiste Coffinhal, which chaired, having questioned it, she kept silence, and as Fouquier-Tinville addressed the word in his turn to him, one of marked pointed out to him that prevented did not hear. Fouquier-Tinville murmured: "They are good, they are good, we will put on the sentence that she conspired" dully. The writers Andre-Marie Chénier and Jean-Antoine Roucher also sat on the docks. With these writers appear the baron Frédérik de Trenck, seventy years old, the former adviser Louis-Valentine Goesman. Among the twenty-four condemned one still notices the marquis Gratien de Montalembert and of Roquelaure, the duke Charles-Alexandre de Créqui de Montmorency, the count Henri-Joseph de Bourdeille, the brother Joseph Raoul.
Meeting of Thermidor 8 year II - (July 26, 1794).
On July 26, 1794, the countess of Mursin, born Isabelle de Pigrais, paralysed, Mrs. Jolly de Fleury born Elisabeth Dubois de Courval; above the countess of Butler; the princess of Monaco; the marquis Louis-Armand-Joseph d' Usson (seventy-four years); the count de Beausset; Desfossés; Nicaut (ex-adviser at the Parliament of Dijon); Athanase-Jean Butcher (secretary of Jean-Sylvain Bailly); Dorothée de Cambon (woman of a former president of the Parliament of Toulouse); the two brothers Trudaine (Charles-Louis and Charles-Michel) and seventeen marked were condemned to death. A second meeting during which were considered defendants imprisoned with above convent des oiseaux and at the conclusion which condemned were joined together to the twenty-two of the "conspiracy" of Saint-Lazare, changed the full number of the executions envisaged on Thermidor 8 year II, to fifty three. On the fifty three condemned, seven women declared themselves pregnant, and were sent to the old people's home of the revolutionary Tribunal for examination. Several of them, the following day, belonged to the last cart of the Terror which a famous drawing of Raffet illustrates.
Conspiracy envisaged the day before Thermidor 9.
Among the papers found after Thermidor 9, those intended to inform the lawsuit of Fouquier-Tinville and his consorts, show that other mass executions were envisaged in the following days, while the arrests and imprisonments, were increasingly numerous. All the nobility of Neuilly-sur-Seine, Boulogne and Auteuil, had been captured in raids, and they waited to appear before the revolutionary Tribunal. They had also brought back to Paris, all the prisoners from the prisons of Chantilly, Amiens, and other places. In all, several hundred people languished in the blocked prisons. It was all to be carried out from the political will of Barère, probably on order of certain foreign cabinets, to deprive France of its elites, and to make a bloodless prey, to parcel out like Poland. Contrary to this, that one believed and repeated, the takeover by force of Thermidor 9 year II, in the spirit of Barère, was to make it possible to get rid of Robespierre to continue with more rigour the great project of Terror, and the destruction of the Republic. The "day of the dupes" on Thermidor 9, reversed the course of things, and the members of the joined committees, in the impossibility to continue their crimes, made against misfortune good heart and suddenly joined the Thermidoriens, to make accord with the opinion that, since Terror was stopped on Thermidor 10, it was well the exclusive work of Robespierre and his "accomplices", in all, a hundred men of Thermidor were carried out, without due process of the law, 10 and 11. They died instead of the hundreds of prisoners who were going to be marked, to conspire in the prisons. The principal houses of detention in which one still erected scaffolding, the day before the chimerical conspiracies, those of Madelonnettes Papiers were found, II, p. 417: report/ratio of Faro on a letter "found" in Madelonnettes, revealing the existence of a conspiracy; of Free Port; of Plessis where the Courlet citizen had been requested to make denunciations against his fellows-prisoner to save his head. Other projects were in hand again to the Carmelite friars and even in Luxembourg who still counted to a great number of prisoners lately incarcerated, Olivier Blanc, the last letter, prisons and condemned revolution, Paris, 1984. Outstanding people were planned for this butchery and in particular Thomas Paine, future Mrs. de Fontenay Thérésa Tallien, girl of the Cabarrus banker, it marquis de Sade, Joséphine de Beauharnais, the general Lazare Hoche, the countess of Simiane born Aglaé of Damas, friend of Fayette, the painter Hubert Robert, Miss Contat of the French Comedy, it duchess d' Orleans, etc.
Bilan.
The most tested prisons were Luxembourg (315 executions 19,20, and 21 messidor then on Thermidor 4), Saint-Lazare (165 executions Thermidor 6,7 and 8), Bicêtre 76 executions 28 prairal, and 8 messidor, the Carmelite friars (49 executions on Thermidor 5). All the victims of the conspiracy of the prisons were buried in Picpus Cemetery.
After the fall of Maximilien de Robespierre Thermidor 9 year II (July 21, 1794) the prisons were opened and the prisoners released.
Political consequences.
The terror falls with the Thermidorian Reaction: the responsibility for these crimes projected on the "Robespierrists".

</doc>
<doc id="21370864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370864" title="Toshihiko Iwasaki">
Toshihiko Iwasaki

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21370888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370888" title="Joseph Holyhead">
Joseph Holyhead

Joseph Holyhead was a footballer who played at half-back for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Burslem Port Vale. He made 129 league appearances in the Football League between 1902 and 1907. He also represented Wednesbury Old Athletic and Kidderminster Harriers.
Playing career.
Holyhead played for Wednesbury Old Athletic, before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1902. He played six First Division games at Molineux in the 1902–03 season. He joined Burslem Port Vale in September 1903. He made 27 Second Division appearances and eight cup appearances in 1903–04. He scored his first FA Cup goal on 19 November 1903, in a 6–0 win over Stockport County at the Athletic Ground. He scored his first league goal on 9 April 1904, in a 3–1 home win over Burton United. Holyhead featured 38 times in 1904–05, and found the net once in a 2–1 defeat to Bradford City at Valley Parade. He played 30 games in 1905–06, and scored in a 3–3 home draw with Glossop and a 4–1 defeat to West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns. He made 39 appearances in the 1906–07 campaign, and scored in home wins over Grimsby Town and Stockport County. He was forced to leave the club in the summer due to the club's worsening financial crisis. He briefly returned to Wednesbury Old Athletic, before moving on to Kidderminster Harriers.

</doc>
<doc id="21370891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370891" title="Osashizu">
Osashizu

In the Japanese religion Tenrikyo, the Osashizu is a compilation of the continued revelations of Tenri-O-no-Mikoto (God) through Izō Iburi, the first Honseki after the founder Oyasama "hid her physical being." It was compiled into annual anthologies and is considered secondary only to Ofudesaki in importance. It is also much longer than Ofudesaki.

</doc>
<doc id="21370901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21370901" title="Jason Nugent">
Jason Nugent

Jason Nugent (born May 18, 1982 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian football defensive back who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Edmonton Eskimos in the second round of the 2006 CFL Draft. He played college football at Rutgers.

</doc>
