<doc id="21572656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572656" title="Ella Riot">
Ella Riot

Ella Riot is a musical group based in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Founded in 2007 by Tyler Duncan as My Dear Disco, the name change came in March 2011.
The band first released the eponymous EP "My Dear Disco" in 2007, releasing its first album "Dancethink LP" in January 2009. The album fused electro-pop, funk, rock, and techno into a distinctive sound the band members have dubbed "DanceThink". The band released two more EPs in 2010 and their last EP "Love Child" in March 2011, before going into an "indefinite hiatus" in October 2011. In 2013, band vocalist Michelle Chamuel took part in the fourth season of "The Voice" and finished in second place.
Career.
Ella Riot, originally called My Dear Disco, evolved from founding member Duncan's 2005 instrumental endeavor, Toolbox. Duncan who plays bagpipe, with percussionist Aaron Gold, guitarist Theo Katzman, and bassist Christian Carpenter, all undergraduate students at the University of Michigan - Ann Arbor, developed experimental tracks using Irish bagpipe as the lead instrument and a laptop to mix bass music and techno drum beats. Later guitarist Robert "DJ Body-Rock" Lester and keyboardist Joey Dosik joined the group. Michelle Chamuel, a classmate of Duncan, recorded a track named "My Dear Disco" with Lester independent of the Toolbox project. Later she worked with the band on a track named "White Lies". The band was impressed with her vocals and asked her to join. My Dear Disco was officially founded with her inclusion in 2007.
Duncan switched from bagpipe to synthesizer, but occasionally played bagpipe during live performances. The band members area of study at the University of Michigan ranged from classical drum to jazz to performance and technology. They graduated in 2008. 
The lineup changed with Mike Shea replacing Gold on drums.
Named one of the most promising college bands in the nation by the New American Music Union, My Dear Disco was invited to perform at the 2008 A.E. Music Festival hosted by Anthony Kiedis. In the summer of 2008, the band performed at BlissFest, Hoxeyville, Dunegrass, Feel Good Festival, and Jazz Aspen Snowmass.
The band's debut album, "Dancethink LP", was co-produced by Mark Saunders. It was released in January 2009. An album review characterized the music as having diverse influences and called the album "a trance album with a rock and roll spine". The newly released techno-pop tracks earned the band a spot on the rosters of 2009 Wakarusa Festival, 10,000 Lakes Festival and South by Southwest, where they performed alongside Dave Matthews Band, Wilco, Widespread Panic and others. In October 2009 the band appeared on Fox 5 television show Fearless Music in Episode 8-02. The band was named BMI's Pick of the Month artist in November 2009. In 2009 the band performed over 150 live shows.
In September 2009 Dosik left the band and relocated to California. Soon after guitarist Katzman and then in September 2010 bassist Carpenter left to pursue solo careers. Joe Dart filled in for Carpenter. Dart played bass on the 2011 "Love Child EP". After Dart's departure from the group, in 2011 Matt Henninger became the next bass player. Katzman's departure in early 2010 marked the group's change from a seven piece to a five piece band.
The band's remix of Kanye West - "Love Lockdown" earned high praise from "Arjanwrites" music blog, citing the use of live instruments as a reason. The band's remix of Todd Edwards - "I Might Be" was made for and released on a Scion A/V remix collection. The two tracks were later released on the 2010 "The Remixes EP". As of July 2010 the band had performed over 250 live shows in a two year period. In August 2010 the band performed at Lollapalooza music festival. In December 2010, the band completed work on their second studio release "Love Child EP". It was engineered by Oliver Strauss and recorded at Mission Sound studio in New York.
In March 2011, My Dear Disco changed its name to Ella Riot, citing legal concerns and the old name's implied genre. The new name was in part a tribute to Ella Fitzgerald. In Greek, "Ella" means bright light or torch, and "Ella Riot" was a tribute to the goals and image of the band. Shortly after the name change, the "Love Child EP" was released in March 2011. Being a studio recording and final release, it was the band's second definitive work. An album review characterized the music as pop influenced by funk, techno and house, and called the approach "hardly doctrinaire". The band released a music video of the EP's fourth track "It Could Be".
In September 2011, the band announced the decision to put Ella Riot on an indefinite hiatus, citing the need to develop other aspects of their lives. Soon after, Duncan and Chamuel as a duo released an album titled "s/he". The album credits contributions by all then current band members. As of July 2013, eight band members have continued to make music as independent artists – Duncan, Lester, Chamuel, Katzman, Dosik, Dart, Carpenter and Gold.
Style.
The band refers to its musical style as "DanceThink Music". Although made for dance and live performance, the band's objective was to make music that could stand and be enjoyed on its own merits. Their music "combines elements from rock, dance, electronic, soul, punk, pop, and jazz music to engage the body and the mind". According to an AllMusic album review, "This is fine, well-crafted music from a group with a mind of its own". According to band guitarist Lester, "It's about writing music that's as satisfying for your body as it is for your mind".
In 2008 engineer Mark Saunders, who had developed Grammy-nominated albums with Shiny Toy Guns and The Cure, co-produced the band's debut album named "Dancethink" in the Beat360 Studios in New York City.
In visual media.
In November 2009, the song "My Dear Disco" was used in a promotional commercial for Season 1 Episode 9 of "Melrose Place". In 2009 the song "White Lies" was used in Season 1 Episode 11 of the online television series "Little White Lie". Chamuel performed the vocals on the series' theme song "Caught in a Lie". In 2010 the song "My Dear Disco" was used in Season 1 Episode 7 of the television series "Fly Girls" and the song "M.Y.F. (Move Your Feet)" was used in Episode 8. In 2011 the two songs "My Dear Disco" and "Madame Eon - Part One" were used in the independent film "Mooz-lum". In 2011 the song "White Lies" was used in Season 1 Episode 5 of the television series "The Lying Game".
Band as business.
Upon their formation in 2007, band members saw themselves as a business entity, a business to support them financially. In an October 2011 interview, band founder Duncan expressed pride in the fact that they "created a business and a band that toured from Alaska to Texas to Cozumel to Maine," and that they ran the business themselves.
Michelle Chamuel.
Michelle Jacqueline Chamuel (born 1986), the vocalist and former member of the band took part in the fourth season of reality television singing competition "The Voice", broadcast on NBC. She was part of "Team Usher" and finished in second place. Chamuel lives in Amherst, Massachusetts and uses the artistic trade name "The Reverb Junkie".

</doc>
<doc id="21572671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572671" title="Bull Gap">
Bull Gap

Bull Gap is a hill climb area located in Michigan and links over of trails for legal off-road vehicle (ORV) use.
Description.
Bull Gap Hill itself is a sand dune centrally located within the Bull Gap trail system. This system is composed mainly of one-way sand and loose dirt trails. The trails twist through predominantly public land and link the cities of Luzerne, Michigan, McKinley, Michigan, Mio, Michigan, and South Branch, Michigan. Each of these communities has passed local ordinances legalizing the use of ATVs on the shoulders of most public roads and offer trail users easy access to food, fuel, lodging, and the occasional adult beverage. The hill is this trail system's most popular waypoint and meeting place. It offers a large open area with the opportunity to push the limits of an off-road vehicle and challenge friends or compete with strangers to an up-hill drag race.
Location.
Bull Gap is located in the vicinity of Mio, Michigan. Mio is about due East of Grayling, Michigan and about due North of West Branch, Michigan. The majority of the trail system is contained within the Huron-Manistee National Forest and has parts of the Au Sable River passing through. The Huron-Manistee National Forest, in the northern part of Michigan's Lower Peninsula, provides ORV enthusiasts an opportunity to ride off-road vehicles on superb forest trails. Following the legal guidelines will ensure the ride is safe and enjoyable. For questions relating to state laws and regulations please visit the Michigan Department of Natural Resources website [http://www.michigan.gov/dnr], there you will also be able to obtain an ORV sticker (Trail Permit) and maps of this and other state trail systems.
Rules and regulations.
According to the Michigan Hand Book of Off-Road Vehicle Laws [http://www.offroad-ed.com/mi/handbook/] "Michigan law defines an ORV as any motor vehicle that can be operated cross-country (without benefit of a road or trail) over land, snow, and other natural terrain. This includes: multi-track or multi-wheeled vehicles; all-terrain vehicles (ATVs); motorcycles or related multi-wheeled vehicles; amphibious machines (water-to-land and back); hovercraft; and other vehicles that use mechanical power including 2- or 4-wheel-drive vehicles that are highway registered but operated off highways or off roads." This trail system is also patrolled to ensure that all ORV operators and all passengers wear a U.S. Department of Transportation– approved crash helmet and protective eyewear or goggles except when the ORV is equipped with an approved roof and the operator and passengers are wearing properly adjusted and fastened safety belts. Also, each rider must utilize a U.S. Forest Service–approved spark arrestor and muffler in good working condition, in constant operation, and meeting applicable sound-level standards. Finally, a State of Michigan ORV sticker must be purchased on a yearly basis and clearly displayed on each vehicle.
User reviews.
In an interview conducted on Monday February 16, 2009, Mr. Jonathan S. Byrd, a frequent user of the Bull Gap Trail System had this to say: "Bull Gap's trail systems are some of the best trails in the great lakes area. The diversity of the scenery and wildlife make every trip an adventure. Having traveled to other states and explored various trail systems the Bull Gap trail systems are by far some of the most enjoyable to experience. If you are considering trying them out make sure you stop by the AuSable River Café and have their breakfast buffet! 
In an interview conducted on Wednesday February 18, 2009, Mrs. Christine L. Baker, another avid user of this trail system had the following to say. "Out of all the trails I have ever ridden Bull Gap is by far my favorite. The Sandy Soil is very forgiving and there are lots of nice changes in elevation. The people are friendly and some parts of the trails can get fairly challenging.
And Finally, in an interview conducted on Wednesday February 18th 2009 with Mr. Randall M Baker, another avid user of this trail system, I quoted him as saying the following about his experiences. Bull Gap is one of the best places to off-road in the state. It has a wide variety of trail types ranging from open fast and straight to tight, twisty, slow and dangerous. The DNR grades it about once a month but that does not stop some areas from getting extremely bumpy and dipped-out. The only other major downfall of the trail system is the dust. During the hot dry summer months the entire area can get extremely dusty making it sometimes difficult to see five feet ahead of you. As long as you are well prepared this system can provide days of enjoyment for everyone from the beginner dirt bike rider to those with advanced bike or Atv riding skills.
Other local recreation options.
The Huron-Manistee National Forests comprise almost of public lands extending across the northern lower peninsula of Michigan. The Huron-Manistee National Forests provide recreation opportunities for visitors, habitat for fish and wildlife, and resources for local industry. In 1909, the Huron National Forest was established and the Manistee National Forest was formed in 1938. In 1945, these two National Forests were administratively combined. Working hand in hand with the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and other partners, the Forest Service has changed the "lands that nobody wanted" to healthy forests again. This forest offers the general public the opportunity to camp, hike, Snowmobile, Boat/Canoe, Site See, Fish, Hunt, Cross-Country Ski, Bike or Hike. Visit the state forests website for more information [http://www.fs.fed.us/r9/hmnf/pages/Recreation/recreation.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="21572673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572673" title="Ineko Sata">
Ineko Sata

Biography.
Born in Nagasaki to young, unmarried parents (her father was 18, her mother 15), Sata moved to Tokyo while still a child. Her first job was in a caramel factory, but she later went on to work in restaurants where she befriended several writers, including Ryūnosuke Akutagawa. In 1922 her poems were published for the first time in "Shi to jinsei" ("Poetry and life"). 
Working at the Koroku café-bar in Hongo, near Tokyo University, she met Nakano Shigeharu who would remain a lifelong friend. Along with Nakano, left-wing writers Hori Tatsuo and Tsurujirō Kubokawa ran the progressive literary magazine "Roba" (Donkey). Nakano inspired Sata to write her first short story, "Kyarameru koba kara" (From the Caramel Factory) in 1928. Having already divorced her first husband, she then married Kubokawa.
While praised by such luminaries at Kawabata Yasunari for drawing on modernist literary techniques, Sata became increasing involved in issues related to workers and the labor movement. In 1929, she spoke out against the treatment of women workers in cigarette factories. In 1931, she defended the striking workers of the Tokyo Muslin Factory. As a member of the Proletarian Literature Movement, she wrote a series of short stories about the lives of ordinary working men and women. These included "Kyoseikikoku" (Compulsory Extradition), about the rights of migrant Korean workers and "Kambu joko no namida" (Tears of a Forewoman).
In 1932 she joined the outlawed Japan Communist Party (JCP). She became close to JCP leaders Kenji Miyamoto and Takiji Kobayashi, the former imprisoned until 1945 and the latter tortured to death by police in 1933. In 1935 she was arrested for anti-war activism and spent two months in jail. This experience is described in part in her semi-autobiographical novel, "Kurenai" (Crimson), which was serialized from 1936-38 and focuses on the troubled married life of a woman writer much like Sata. Sata's strong opinions were often at odds with the official Communist Party platform; juggling the many demands she faced as a writer, activist, mother and wife, she eventually became estranged from her husband, whom she finally divorced in 1945. Having been forced by the authorities to sever her connection with the Communist Party in the mid-1930s, she eventually collaborated with the authorities by writing literature in support of the Japanese war effort during WWII.
With the end of the war in 1945 Sata's writing re-emerged as part of the new democratic movement. In 1946 she rejoined the JCP (Japanese Communist Party), although, as before, she often voiced vehement criticism of the party. Her wartime experiences were the subject of "Watashi no Tōkyō Chizu" (My Tokyo Map), which was written between 1946 and 1948. In 1954 she wrote "Kikai no naka no seishun" (Youth among the Machines). Her collected works were issued in 15 volumes in 1958–59. She would write "Onna no yado" ("Women's Lodgings") in 1963 and "Omoki nagarani" (On a Heavy Tide) in 1968–69.
By 1964 Sata had rejoined the JCP after yet another expulsion. She was one of the founders of the new Women's Democratic Clubher activities in the organization, judged divisive from the perspective of the party mainstream, led to another expulsion from the JCP.
Sata was awarded the Noma Prize in 1972 for her book "Juei" (The Shade of Trees), which deals with the relationships between Chinese and Japanese people in Nagasaki after the dropping of the atomic bomb. In 1973, she was offered the Geijutuin Onshisho (Imperial Art Academy Prize) for her life's work, but she refused the award as she regarded it as a nationalist congratulation prize. She accepted the Kawabata Prize for short stories in 1977.
In 1983, Sata received the Asahi Prize for the entire body of her work. She gave an acceptance speech which expressed regret for her contributions to the war effort.
Her long-time colleague Nakano Shigeharu died in 1979. Her book about him, "Natsu no Shiori – Nakano Shigeharu o okuru" (Memories of Summer – a Farewell to Shigeharu Nakano) was awarded the Mainichi Art Award in 1983.
Most of Sata's work was translated into Russian in the Sixties and Seventies. Two short stories from the prize-winning collection "Toki ni tatsu" (Standing Still in Time) have been translated into English. The 1986 story "Chisai yama to tsubaki no ki" (Camellia Blossoms on the Little Mountain) appeared in Japanese Literature Today, the English magazine issued by the Japan PEN Club. A recent English translation is "Water" (Mizu), appearing in "Stories from the East," The East Publications, 1997. A partial translation of Watashi no Tōkyō chizu (My Tokyo Map) appears in "Tokyo Stories: A Literary Stroll", University of California Press, 2002, Lawrence Rogers, editor. Her short story Iro no Nai E ("The Colorless Paintings") appears in Kenzaburo Oe's edited collection "The Crazy Iris and Other Stories of the Atomic Aftermath." A native of Nagasaki, she did not experience the bombing, but through this story she shares her concern regarding the Hibakusha's (atomic bombing survivor) silence, though without being openly critical of it. Samuel Perry has translated her short story "White and Purple" [https://ceas.sites.uchicago.edu/sites/ceas.uchicago.edu/files/uploads/Sibley/White%20And%20Purple.pdf], which won a William Sibley Memorial Translation Prize in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="21572674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572674" title="List of works based on The War of the Worlds">
List of works based on The War of the Worlds

The War of the Worlds (1898) is a science fiction novel by H. G. Wells. It describes the memoirs of an unnamed narrator in the suburbs of Woking, Surrey, England who recounts an invasion of Earth by an army of Martians with military technology far in advance to human science. It is said to be the first story that details a human conflict with, and overall defeat by, an extraterrestrial race.
Following its publication, "The War of the Worlds" rapidly entered popular culture. Through the 20th and 21st centuries, the novel has been adapted into a number of different mediums, including radio, television and film. These have been produced with varying degrees of faithfulness towards the original text, with many of the more famous adaptations, such as Orson Welles' 1938 radio adaptation and the 2005 film directed by Steven Spielberg, choosing to set the events in a contemporary setting. In addition, many adaptations, including both of the above, have relocated the plot from its original setting of England in favour of the United States.
1938 radio adaption by Orson Welles.
The 1938 radio broadcast caused public outcry against the episode, as many listeners believed that an actual Martian invasion was in progress, a notable example of mass hysteria.
Wells later met Orson Welles while driving through San Antonio, Texas, after stopping to ask directions and by coincidence happening upon the actor. They spent the day together, and later discussed the famous broadcast in a radio interview at Radio KTSA.
The radio drama itself has spun off a number of productions based upon the events surrounding the broadcast, including "Doctor Who: Invaders from Mars", an audio drama released in 2002 based upon the "Doctor Who" television series that depicts Welles' broadcast as taking place during an actual attempted alien invasion.
1953 first film adaptation by George Pal.
George Pal's film adaptation has many notable differences from H. G. Wells' novel. The closest resemblance is probably that of the antagonists. The film's aliens are indeed Martians, and invade Earth for the same reasons as those from the novel (the state of Mars suggests that it is in the final stages of being able to support life, leading to the Martians decision to make Earth their new home). They land on Earth in the same way, by crashing to the Earth. However, the book's spacecraft are large cylinder-shaped projectiles fired from the Martian surface from some kind of cannon, instead of the film's meteor-like spaceships; but the Martians emerge from their craft in the same way, by unscrewing a large, round hatch. They appear to have no use for humans in the film. In the novel they are observed directly feeding on humans by draining their victims' blood using pipettes; there is also a speculation about them eventually using human slaves to hunt down all remaining human survivors after the Martians conquer Earth. In the film the Martians do not bring the novel's fast-growing red weed with them, but they are defeated by Earth microorganisms, as observed in the novel. However, they die from the effects of the microorganisms within three days of the landing of the first meteor-ship; in the novel the Martians die within about three weeks of their invasion of England.
The Martians themselves bear no physical resemblance to the novel's Martians. The novel's aliens are bear-sized, bulkish creatures whose bodies are described as "merely heads", with a beak-like mouth, sixteen tentacles and two "luminous, disk-like eyes". Their film counterparts are short, reddish-brown creatures with two long, thin arms with three long suction cup-like fingers. The Martian's "head," if it can be called that, is a broad "face" at the top-front of its broad shouldered upper torso, the only apparent feature of which is a single large eye with three distinctly colored lenses. The Martians' lower extremities, whatever they may be, are never shown. (Some speculative designs for the creature suggest the idea of three thin legs resembling their fingers, while others show them as a biped with short, stubby legs with three-toed feet.)
The film's Martian war machines do actually have more of a resemblance than they may seem at first glance. The book's machines are Tripods and carry the heat-ray projector on an articulated arm connected to the front of the war machine's main body. The film's machines are deliberately shaped like manta rays, with a bulbous, elongated green window at the front, through which the aliens observe their surroundings. On top of the machine is the cobra-like heat-ray attached to a long, narrow, neck-like extension. They can be mistaken for flying-machines, but Dr. Forrester states that they are lifted by "invisible legs"; in one scene, when the first machine emerges, you can see faint traces of three energy legs beneath and three sparking traces where the three energy shafts touch the burning ground. Therefore, technically speaking, the film's war machines are indeed tripods, though they are never given that designation. Whereas the novel's war machines had no protection against British army and navy cannon fire, the film's war machines have a force field surrounding them; this invisible shield is described by Dr. Forrester as a "protective blister".
The Martian weaponry is also partially unchanged. The heat-ray has the very same effect as that of the novel. However, the novel's heat-ray is briefly described as having a spinning disk held up by a mechanical arm when first seen; it fires in a wide arc while still in the pit where the Martians first land. The film's heat-ray is shaped like a cobra's hood with a single, red pulsing eye, which possibly acts like a targeting telescope for the Martians. The book describes another weapon, the black smoke used to kill all life; the war machines fire projectiles containing a black powder through a bazooka-like tube accessory. The black powder when dispersed seems to have the same effect on life as the mustard gas of the First World War. This weapon is replaced in the film by the "skeleton beam", which fires green pulsing bursts of energy from the tips of the Manta-Ray body. The skeleton beams are apparently used to wipe out several French cities.
The plot of the film is very different from the novel. The novel tells the story of a late 19th-century journalist who journeys through Victorian London and environs while the Martians attack, eventually being reunited with his wife; the film's protagonist is a California scientist who falls in love with a former college student after the Martian attack begins. However, certain points of the plot are similar to the novel, from the crash-landing of the Martian meteor-ships to their eventual defeat by Earth's microorganisms. Doctor Forrester also goes through some of which befalls the book's narrator: like his ordeal in a destroyed house and seeing an actual Martian up close. The film is given more of a Cold War theme, with its use of the Atomic Bomb against the enemy and the mass-destruction that such a global war would inflict on mankind.
Unreleased adaptations.
After World War II, Ray Harryhausen shot a scene of a dying alien falling out of a Martian war machine, test footage for an abandoned project to adapt the story using Wells' original "octopus" concept for the Martians. A video of the footage can be found here.
Here Harryhausen talks about his proposed adaptation:

</doc>
<doc id="21572676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572676" title="2003 Toronto Argonauts season">
2003 Toronto Argonauts season

The 2003 Toronto Argonauts finished in 2nd place in the East Division of the 2003 CFL season with a 9–9–0 record. They won the East Division Semi-finals but lost the East Division Final.

</doc>
<doc id="21572681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572681" title="Skidegate Band Council">
Skidegate Band Council

The Skidegate Band Council, also known as the Skidegate First Nation, is a band government of the Haida people, one of two of the Haida Tribal Society aka the Council of the Haida Nation. Its offices are located in Skidegate, British Columbia.
Indian Reserves.
Indian Reserves under the administration of the Skidegate Band Council are:

</doc>
<doc id="21572691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572691" title="Buddy Brothers">
Buddy Brothers

John O. "Buddy" Brothers (May 29, 1909 – December 25, 1991) was an American college football coach. He coached the Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team at the University of Tulsa from 1946 to 1952 and compiled a 45–25–4 record and 0.635 winning percentage.
Coaching career.
Brothers attended Texas Tech University, where he played on the football team from 1928 to 1930. Brothers coached at Tulsa for seven seasons. During that time, his teams compiled four Missouri Valley Conference championship, and Brothers was twice named the conference Coach of the Year. He posted a 45–25–4 record and 0.635 winning percentage, which makes him the ninth winningest Tulsa coach in school history.
In 1946, Brothers and quarterback Clyde LeForce led the Golden Hurricane to a 9–1 record. Tulsa recorded impressive wins over Texas Tech, Cincinnati, and conference co-champions Arkansas and Kansas. The Golden Hurricane beat Kansas, 56–0, after scoring five touchdowns in the first half within a 12-minute span. The lone loss came to Detroit.
In 1949, Tulsa posted just a 5–5–1 record, but that included one of the biggest upsets of the season. The Golden Hurricane beat undefeated Villanova, 21–19, a team that had recorded earlier wins over Texas A&M, Penn State, Detroit, and Saint Mary's. After the game, Brothers told the media, "You know, we've had one coming to us for a long time. I guess this was it. We hadn't been doing much and Villanova was bigger, faster and a sound favorite. "But a half dozen of the boys came to me this afternoon. They said they were speaking for the team when they told me: "'We're gonna win this one for you, coach, just to make you coach of the week'."
In 1951, in the game against Marquette, the opposing coach, Lisle Blackbourn, accused the Golden Hurricane of "flagrantly illegal tactics." Brothers called the charges "unfair, unsportsmanlike, and onesided." The incident created enough ill will that the schools cancelled the 1952 game.
After the end of his coaching tenure at Tulsa, Brothers went on to coach high school football including stints at Norman High School, 1956 and 1957, and Tom S. Lubbock High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21572718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572718" title="Herminia Arrate">
Herminia Arrate

Herminia Arrate Ramírez (July 1, 1895 – March 12, 1941) was a painter and First Lady of Chile as wife of President Carlos Dávila Espinoza.
Biography.
She was born in Santiago, Chile, daughter of Colonel Miguel Arrate Larraín and Delia Ramírez Molina, and granddaughter of Eleuterio Ramírez, a Pacific War hero (Tarapacá's campaign). Since her childhood, she had been interested in the arts, especially painting, being a disciple of Fernando Álvarez de Sotomayor and Pablo Burchard. In 1927, she traveled to Europe. She married Carlos Dávila Espinoza, a journalist, ambassador and President of Chile in 1932. She died in Santiago in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="21572765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572765" title="All-time New York Red Bulls roster">
All-time New York Red Bulls roster

This list comprises all players who have participated in at least one league match for the New York Red Bulls (formerly known as the MetroStars) since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never played a first team game are not listed; players who appeared for the team in other competitions (US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League, etc.) but never actually made an MLS appearance are noted at the bottom of the page.
A "†" denotes players who only appeared in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="21572792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572792" title="Quinsigamond Firehouse">
Quinsigamond Firehouse

The Quinsigamond Firehouse is a historic fire station at 826 Blackstone River Road in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The 2-1/2 story brick Romanesque style building was designed by Patston & Lincoln and built in 1891-92 by O. C. Ward for $7,112. It has a single garage bay flanked by narrow windows on the first level, and five windows on the second level (the two outer ones matching the lower ones in size), and a Palladian window in a third-level gable projecting from the hipped roof.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="21572820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572820" title="Marcus di Giuseppe">
Marcus di Giuseppe

Club career.
Di Giuseppe played for a number of clubs in Peru, including Sporting Cristal, Sport Boys and Universitario de Deportes. He also had a spell with Paniliakos in the Greek Super League during the 1997–98 season. He spent a few months playing in England for English Premier League side Sunderland A.F.C. and then First Division side Walsall at the end of 1999. His play was characterised by his swift and fluid running and incredible ball control skills. His powerful heading and his shooting from distance gave him the nickname ""enerpoçinho"" amongst his peers, fans and teammates. He's now a successful football player's agent from Overlap Soccer & Marketing company (www.overlapsoccer.com.br).

</doc>
<doc id="21572828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572828" title="Christopher Kullmann">
Christopher Kullmann

Christopher Kullmann (born 19 September 1986 in Katzhütte) is a German footballer who plays as a striker. He is currently a free agent.
Career.
Kullmann played his first Bundesliga match for Borussia Dortmund, and first fully professional game, on 15 February 2009 in a 1–1 draw against Energie Cottbus. He was substituted in the 90th minute. On 27 April 2009, the 22 year old striker signed a professional contract with Borussia Dortmund that kept at the club until 30 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21572831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572831" title="Van Trump Falls">
Van Trump Falls

Van Trump Falls is a waterfall on Van Trump Creek in Pierce County, Washington. The falls are located a short distance downstream from the mouth of Falls Creek.
Stature.
The falls start off by dropping 40 feet in a simple plunge before fanning out and falling 80 feet into a short but deep canyon. After flowing through the canyon the falls drop another 50 feet in two horsetails. The lower tiers were significantly altered by the floods of 2001 while neither tier was altered much by the floods of 2003 and 2006. 
Accessing the upper tiers can be sketchy since one has to stand at the edge of the canyon, 150 feet above the raging creek, to see them. Reaching the base of the falls is almost as bad, as one has to climb down a slick and slippery rock face to reach it.

</doc>
<doc id="21572849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572849" title="Thomas Harwood">
Thomas Harwood

Captain Thomas Harwood (died 1652) was a Virginia soldier, landowner and politician. He served multiple terms as a burgess in the 1630s and 1640s, and was "one of the chieff of the Mutinous Burgesses" who expelled Governor Sir John Harvey in 1635. He was Speaker of the House of Burgesses 1647–49, and was named to the Council shortly before his death in 1652.

</doc>
<doc id="21572887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572887" title="Sheer Islands">
Sheer Islands

The Sheer Islands are Canadian arctic islands located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. They are a Baffin Island offshore island group in Hudson Strait. The islands are situated approximately north of Cape Tanfield and form part of the north side of Itivirk Bay.
The group consists of:
Kimmirut, Nunavut, an Inuit hamlet, is about to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="21572905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572905" title="The Long Fall Back to Earth">
The Long Fall Back to Earth

The Long Fall Back to Earth is the ninth studio album from Jars of Clay. It was released on April 21, 2009 through Gray Matters and distributed by Provident's Essential Records. 
Overview.
"The Long Fall Back to Earth" is the first Jars of Clay album that doesn't include any cover songs since 2002's "The Eleventh Hour". "The Long Fall Back To Earth" is their follow-up to the acclaimed "Good Monsters" album.
In mid-February, the band released the first single off the album, "Two Hands," with a mix of song clips on their website along with a pre-order package.
The album came in at number 10 on the Jesus Freak Hideout most anticipated albums of 2009.
In late October, the second single, "Heaven", was released.
The album was nominated for a Grammy in the "Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album" category.
Charts.
The album peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on Billboard's Hot Christian Albums.
Awards.
In 2010, both the regular and limited edition of the album were nominated for a Dove Award for Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 41st GMA Dove Awards, with the limited edition winning the award. The album also won the award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year, while the song "Two Hands" was also nominated for Song of the Year.
"The Long Fall Back to Earth" was also nominated Grammy Award for Best Pop Gospel Album of the Year.
Credits.
Performance Credits
Technical Credits

</doc>
<doc id="21572906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572906" title="Battle of Lonato">
Battle of Lonato

The Battle of Lonato was fought on 3 and 4 August 1796 between the French Army of Italy under General Napoleon Bonaparte and a corps-sized Austrian column led by Feldmarschallleutnant Peter Quasdanovich. A week of hard-fought actions that began on 29 July and ended on 4 August resulted in the retreat of Quasdanovich's badly mauled force. The elimination of Quasdanovich's threat allowed Bonaparte to concentrate against and defeat the main Austrian army at the Battle of Castiglione on 5 August. Lonato del Garda is located near the SP 668 highway and the A4 "Autostrada Brescia-Padova" to the southwest of Lake Garda.
On 29 July, the Austrians advanced out of the Alps to capture the towns of Gavardo and Salò on the west side of Lake Garda. The Austrians followed up this success by surprising and seizing the French base at Brescia on 30 July. An Austrian brigade captured Lonato del Garda on the 31st but was ejected from the town by a French counterattack after tough fighting. Also on the 31st, a French division briefly recaptured Salò, rescued a small band of compatriots, and fell back. This series of combats and other battles east of Lake Garda compelled Bonaparte to raise the Siege of Mantua.
Leaving only one division to observe the main Austrian army to the east, Bonaparte assembled overwhelming force and recaptured Brescia on 1 August. Quasdanovich regrouped around Gavardo on 2 August, while ordering an attack by several columns for the next day. On 3 August, one of the Austrian columns defeated a French brigade and captured Lonato for the second time. However, the French also attacked that day, capturing Salò and nearly taking Gavardo. With most of the Austrian forces placed on the defensive, Bonaparte massed against the solitary brigade in Lonato and crushed it. This disaster caused Quasdanovich to order a retreat on 4 August. In a final calamity, one withdrawing Austrian column was cut off and captured.
Background.
At the end of July an Austrian army set out from Trento with the purpose of relieving the besieged fortress of Mantua. While the main army under Field Marshal Dagobert von Wurmser drove south down the upper Adige River valley to the east of Lake Garda, the Right Column under Quasdanovich struck on the west side of Lake Garda. This 18,000-strong corps consisted of four mixed (cavalry and infantry) brigades led by General-Majors Peter Karl Ott von Bátorkéz, Heinrich XV, Prince of Reuss-Plauen, Joseph Ocskay von Ocsko, and Johann Rudolph Sporck. The Right Column also included two advanced guards, led by Obersts (colonels) Franz Joseph, Marquis de Lusignan and Johann von Klenau.
Bonaparte did not believe that major Austrian forces were capable of operating in the mountains west of Lake Garda. Consequently, only General of Division Pierre Francois Sauret's 4,500-man division defended the area, with garrisons in Salò on the western shore of the lake, Gavardo on the Chiese River west of Salò, and Desenzano del Garda at the southwestern corner of the lake. The French held Brescia with only three companies of infantry.
Operation s.
"See Castiglione 1796 Campaign Order of Battle for a detailed list of French and Austrian units."
West of Lake Garda.
On 29 July, Ott's brigade attacked Salò while Ocskay's brigade moved against Gavardo. General of Brigade Jean-Baptiste Dominique Rusca was warned by a village curate of the Austrian descent, but chose to disregard the information. Consequently, the Austrians took Sauret's division by surprise. The French general withdrew to Desenzano after a stiff fight in which 500 Frenchmen and two cannons were captured. At Salò, General of Brigade Jean Joseph Guieu and 400 men took refuge in the Palazzo Martinengo where they were blockaded by Ocskay's soldiers.
Receiving a report that Brescia lay open to attack, Klenau advanced in the night with two squadrons of the "Wurmser" Hussar Regiment # 30, one battalion of "DeVins" Infantry Regiment (IR) # 37, and one company of the "Mahony" Jägers. The next morning, under cover of fog, he seized the city in a coup de main. The Austrians captured 600–700 able-bodied soldiers plus 2,000 more in the hospital. Among the prisoners were Colonels Jean Lannes, Joachim Murat and François Étienne de Kellermann. Quasdanovich soon arrived at Brescia with the brigades of Reuss and Sporck. At the same time, Ott's brigade advanced south from Salò and Gavardo to reach Ponte San Marco, where the Brescia-Verona highway crosses the Chiese just west of Lonato. Ocskay's troops besieged the French soldiers trapped in Salò. That night, Bonaparte determined to give up the Siege of Mantua and concentrate his main strength against Quasdanovich while subsidiary forces held Wurmser at bay.
"First" Battle of Lonato.
On 31 July Ott's brigade at San Marco advanced to the east on Lonato. The Austrian general led two battalions of the "Kheul" Infantry Regiment Nr. 10, four companies of the "Johann Jellacic" Infantry Regiment Nr. 53, two companies of the "Liccaner" Grenz Infantry Regiment Nr. 60, and one squadron of the "Erdödy" Hussar Regiment Nr. 11. The initial attack flushed part of General of Division Hyacinthe Francois Joseph Despinoy's division out of Lonato. As the Hussars chased the fugitives to the east, they were repulsed by two waiting French artillery batteries. General of Division André Masséna with General of Brigade Claude Dallemagne's brigade and Despinoy with Generals of Brigade Nicolas Bertin's and Jean Cervoni's brigades then counterattacked the town. In a tough four-hour fight, the French drove Ott's outnumbered soldiers out of Lonato and pushed them back to San Marco.
Leaving Oberst-Leutnant Anton Vogel and two battalions to hold Brescia, Quasdanovich advanced with Reuss, Sporck, Klenau, and Lusignan from Brescia to the southeast. He reached Montichiari, south of Lonato, in mid-morning and spent most of the day there. That evening, he returned to San Marco to join Ott, leaving Klenau in Montichiari. Also on 31 July, Sauret marched to Salò and defeated Ocskay in a pitched battle. The Austrians retreated to Gavardo. Having rescued Guieu and his men, Sauret returned to Desenzano, where he rendezvoused with Masséna and Despinoy.
1 and 2 August.
On 1 August, Bonaparte assembled 12,000 men under Generals of Division Pierre Augereau and Charles Edward Jennings de Kilmaine and moved northwest from Goito toward Brescia, pushing Klenau's weak force before him. Shaken by his setbacks at Lonato and Salò, Quasdanovich ordered all of his troops north to Gavardo. Bonaparte recaptured Brescia without opposition, and was soon joined there by Masséna and Despinoy. Klenau moved northeast toward Gavardo to join Quasdanovich. Vogel retreated to Caino in the mountains.
On 2 August, Quasdanovich regrouped at Gavardo and sent Ocskay's brigade to reoccupy Salò. With Brescia now secure, Bonaparte ordered Masséna to San Marco, while Augereau and Kilmaine marched back to Montichiari. Despinoy held Rezzato and Brescia where he was joined by a demi-brigade from Milan. Bonaparte directed Guieu, who replaced the injured Sauret, to march from Lonato to retake Salò the next day. Forces under Despinoy from Brescia and Dallemagne from Lonato were sent to attack Gavardo.
Battle: 3 August.
Lonato.
During the night, Ocskay at Salò started south along the lake road. Guieu marched north on an obscure lane, completely missing Ocskay, who reached Lonato's outskirts via Desenzano. Keeping Sporck's brigade to hold Gavardo, Quasdanovich sent Ott and Reuss south on 3 August.
Ocskay's brigade attacked Lonato at dawn, defeated BG Jean Pijon's brigade, and captured its commander. Masséna, whose division lay between San Marco and Lonato, counterattacked the Austrians from the west at mid-day. Bonaparte directed the battle. Assaulted by the brigades of Pijon (now led by Colonel Jean-Andoche Junot) on the north, BG Claude Victor and BG Antoine Rampon in the center, and BG Jean Lorcet on the south, Ocskay's outnumbered men were driven from Lonato and pursued toward Desenzano. But Junot's men, plus the Guides and the 15th Dragoons, captured Desenzano first, freeing 150 French prisoners from Pijon's morning fight. Hemmed in by his enemies, Ocskay surrendered with the rump of his brigade. The rest scattered across the countryside. During the fighting in Desenzano, Junot suffered severe saber cuts on his head from Austrian cavalrymen.
Paitone.
Moving from Rezzato, Despinoy attacked Ott piecemeal and was repulsed. After some fighting, the French general withdrew toward Brescia. Doggedly, Dallemagne moved around Ott's east flank and even reached Gavardo twice, but each time the Austrians drove him back. Dallemagne retreated to Brescia, where he reported sick. Casualties and other details of these fights are unknown. Because of the French attacks, Ott did not advance farther south than Paitone, south of Gavardo. At some time during the day, Klenau reinforced Ott. Reuss was sent cross-country to establish contact with Ocskay.
Desenzano.
With his brigade of 1,800 men, Reuss soon appeared at Desenzano, recaptured the town, and rescued a number of prisoners from Ocskay's command. After learning the fate of Ocskay's brigade and finding that Massena's victorious division was closing in on him, Reuss beat a hasty retreat back to Gavardo, harassed by the French. He lost a number of prisoners on his retreat. Others were rescued by Major Gustave Maelcamp's small Austrian flotilla on the lake.
Salò.
Meanwhile, Guieu reached Salò, found it unoccupied, and turned west to menace Gavardo. The French soon came upon and captured Quasdanovich's artillery park. But Sporck counterattacked and recaptured the guns. The day ended with Sporck holding the heights west of Salò while the French controlled the town. That evening, Quasdanovich ordered Ott to join him on the heights. Reuss turned up with his brigade during the night with the tidings of Ocskay's disaster. A council of war determined to retreat. Having heard nothing from Wurmser, Quasdanovich hoped to rejoin his colleague by marching around the north end of Lake Garda.
Castiglione.
On the morning of 3 August, Wurmser's 4,000-man advance guard under GM Anton Lipthay lay eight kilometers to the south of Lonato near Castiglione delle Stiviere. The Austrian commander planned to move to Quasdanovich's help, but the French pre-empted him. Augereau launched an enveloping attack on Lipthay with 11,000 soldiers. Despite being greatly outnumbered, Lipthay put up a terrific fight, giving ground only grudgingly. He was, however, forced to abandon Castiglione and fall back southeast toward Solferino. Lipthay's stubborn defense allowed Wurmser time to concentrate his forces. GM Anton Schübirz marched to the sound of the guns and counterattacked Augereau's left flank near Solferino. FML Paul Davidovich formed his division in support. By the end of the day, Wurmser had the bulk of his 20,000 soldiers on hand. French losses are not known, but BG Martial Beyrand was killed, BG Jean Robert was wounded, and "great losses had been suffered by both sides." The Austrians lost about 1,000 casualties, including GM Franz Nicoletti wounded.
Battle: 4 August.
Quasdanovich issued orders to retreat north toward Lake Idro at 2:00 am. In the confusion, one Austrian column found itself cut off from the rest of the corps and made a desperate march to the southeast to reach Wurmser. The Austrians marched into Lonato early in the morning, nearly capturing Bonaparte. The French army commander, with only 1,200 soldiers on hand, bluffed his enemies into giving up. Oberst Knorr surrendered one battalion each of "De Vins" IR # 37 and "Erbach" IR # 42, a total of 2,000 men and 3 cannons. Bonaparte sent Guieu to observe the Austrian withdrawal.
Results.
In the battles on 3 and 4 August, the Austrians lost 23 cannons and at least 5,000 killed, wounded and captured. French losses were at least 2,000. More importantly, Quasdanovich's defeat allowed Bonaparte to mass over 30,000 men against Wurmser's 25,000, resulting in a French victory in the Battle of Castiglione on 5 August. This defeat forced Wurmser to withdraw to Trento and abandon the campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="21572924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572924" title="Heaven (BeBe &amp; CeCe Winans album)">
Heaven (BeBe &amp; CeCe Winans album)

Heaven is the third album released by brother and sister duo BeBe & CeCe Winans and their second released on Capitol Records. It was number one on the Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart.
Smooth jazz musician Lonnie Liston Smith covered the song from his 1990 album, "Love Goddess"
Destiny's Child singer Michelle Williams, featuring fellow singer Carl Thomas also covered the song in the closing track from her 2002 solo debut, "Heart to Yours".

</doc>
<doc id="21572952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572952" title="Nicholas Brembre">
Nicholas Brembre

Sir Nicholas Brembre was a wealthy magnate and a chief ally of King Richard II in 14th-century England. He was Lord Mayor of London in 1377, and again from 1383-5. Named a "worthie and puissant man of the city" by Richard Grafton (who wrongly termed him a draper) he was a son of Sir John Brembre, and, becoming a citizen and grocer of London, purchased in 1372–3 (46 Ed. III) from the Malmains family the estates of Mereworth, Maplescomb, and West Peckham, in Kent. His ties to Richard ultimately resulted in his downfall, as the anti-Richard Lords Appellant effectively took control of the government and imprisoned, exiled, or executed most of Richard's court. Despite Richard's efforts, Brembre was executed in 1388 for treason at the behest of the Lords Appellant. 
Becoming mayor.
Brembre comes from unknown origins, though he may be related to Sir Thomas Brembre (or Bramber), who served the king from 1347 to 1355. He first appears as an alderman and Sheriff of the City of London in 1372, sitting for Bread Street Ward, in which he resided. The citizens were at this time divided into two factions, the party under John Northampton supporting John of Gaunt and John Wycliffe, while that headed by William Walworth and John Philipot supported the opposition and William Courtenay. On the fall of John of Gaunt and his partisans at the close of Edward III's reign (1377), Adam Stable, the then-lord mayor, was deposed and replaced by Brembre, who belonged to the opposite party. He took his oath at the Tower 29 March 1377, and was also re-elected for the succeeding year (1377–8). His ""Proclamacio ... ex parte ... Regis Ricardi"" in this mayoralty (as shown by the sheriffs' names) is given in the Cottonian manuscripts.
Political disputes.
In the parliament of Gloucester (1378) Thomas of Woodstock, the king's uncle, demanded Brembre's impeachment as mayor for an outrage by a citizen on one of his followers, but the matter was compromised. He now became for several years (at least from 1379 to 1386) one of the two collectors of customs for the port of London, with Geoffrey Chaucer for his comptroller, his accounts being still preserved. The party to which Brembre belonged had its strength among the greater companies, especially the grocers, then dominant, and the fishmongers, whose monopoly it upheld against the clamours of the populace. It was oligarchical in its aims, striving to deprive the lesser companies of any voice in the city, and was consequently favourable to Richard's policy. At the Peasants' Revolt in 1381, Brembre, with his allies Walworth and Philipot, accompanied the king to Smithfield, and was knighted with them for his services on that occasion. 
He is mentioned as the king's financial agent in 21 December 1381 "Issues of Exchequer", and as one of the leading merchants summoned "a treter and communer" with parliament on supplies, 10 May 1382. His foremost opponent, John Northampton, held the mayoralty for two years (1381–3) in succession to Walworth, but at the election of 1383 Brembre, who had been returned to parliament for the city at the beginning of this year, and who was one of the sixteen aldermen then belonging to the great Grocers' Company, ""ove forte main … et gñt multitude des gentz … feust fait maire"" William Stubbs calls attention to this forcible election as possessing "the importance of a constitutional episode," but wrongly assigns it to 1386. 
Charges of corruption and tyranny.
On the outbreak of John Northampton's riot in February 1384, Brembre arrested and beheaded a ringleader, John Constantyn, cordwainer. Our main knowledge of Brembre's conduct is derived from a bundle of petitions presented to parliament in October–November 1386 by ten companies of the rival faction, of which two (those of the mercers and cordwainers) are printed in the Rolls of Parliament, iii. 225–7. In these he is accused of tyrannous conduct during his mayoralty of 1383–4, especially of beheading the cordwainer Constantyn for the riot in Cheapside, and of securing his re-election in 1384 by increased violence. 
Forbidding his opponents to take part in the election, he filled the Guildhall with armed men, who, at their approach, ""sailleront sur eux ove gũnt noise, criantz tuwez, tuwez, lour pursuivantz hydousement"." In 1386 he secured the election of his accomplice, Nicholas Exton, who was thus mayor at the time of the petition, so that the mayoralty was still, it urged, ""tenuz par conquest et maistrie"." While mayor (1384), Brembre had effected the ruin of his rival, John de Northampton (who had appealed in vain to John of Gaunt), by his favourite device of a charge of treason; and though Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester and the opposition accused him of plotting in favour of Suffolk (the chancellor), who was impeached in the parliament of 1386, and of compassing their death, he not only escaped for the time, but at the close of the year (1386) was, with Simon de Burley and others of the party of resistance, summoned by Richard into his council. Through the year 1387 he supported Richard in London in his struggle for absolute power, but was again accused by Gloucester and the opposition of inciting the mayor and citizens against them, when the former (Exton) shrank from such a plot.
Trial and execution.
He was therefore among the five councillors charged with treason by the Lords Appellant on 14 November 1387, and, on the citizens refusing to rise for him, fled, but was captured (in Wales, says Jean Froissart) and imprisoned at Gloucester, until on 28 January 1388 he was moved to the Tower. The Merciless Parliament met on 3 February, and the five councillors were formally impeached by Gloucester and the Lords Appellant. Brembre, who was styled "faulx Chivaler de Londres," and who was hated by York and Gloucester, was specially charged with taking twenty-two prisoners out of Newgate and beheading them without trial at the "Foul Oke" in Kent. On 17 February he was brought from the Tower to Westminster before Parliament and put on trial. He pleaded "guilty of nothing" to all charges and claimed trial by battle as a knight, but it was refused. When the king supported him, 305 people in Parliament threw down their gauntlets opposing the king. He was sentenced on the 20th and was ordered to be taken back to the Tower, whence the marshal should "lui treyner parmye la dite cite de Loundres, et avant tan q'as ditz Fourches , et illeõqs lui pendre par le cool" The hanging was carried into effect, though he had "many intercessors" among the citizens but was reversed by Richard in his last struggle, 25 March 1399. John Stow in his annals incorrectly wrote that he was beheaded ("with the same axe he had prepared for other"). He was buried in the choir of the Christ Church Greyfriars

</doc>
<doc id="21572958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572958" title="Song for a Winter's Night">
Song for a Winter's Night

"Song for a Winter's Night" is a song written by Gordon Lightfoot, and first recorded for his 1967 album, "The Way I Feel". Lightfoot actually recorded two versions of the song; the second appears on the 1975 album "Gord's Gold", a greatest hits compilation on which other re-recordings also appeared.
The song has been covered by several artists, including The Raftsmen (who retitled it "The Hands I Love"), on their 1967 album "On Target"; Harry Belafonte on his 1967 album "Belafonte on Campus" (under the title "The Hands I Love"); Kenny Rankin, on his 1967 album "Mind-Dusters"; Catherine McKinnon, on her 1969 album "Everybody's Talkin'"; Tony Rice, on his 1986 album "Me & My Guitar"; and Schooner Fare, on their 1987 album "Home for the Holidays".
Sarah McLachlan covered the song for the soundtrack to the 1994 film "Miracle on 34th Street"; her rendition also appears on her 1996 compilation album "Rarities, B-Sides and Other Stuff", on her 2006 Christmas album "Wintersong", and in the soundtrack for the TV show "Due South."
Quartette recorded it for the album "Beautiful: A Tribute to Gordon Lightfoot" (2003).
References.
Gordonlightfoot.com (fan site)

</doc>
<doc id="21572982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572982" title="Greig (name)">
Greig (name)

Greig is a surname and given name. The surname is of Scottish origin and is derived from a shortened form of the personal name "Gregory". As a given name, "Greig" is of English and Scottish origin. This name is a short form of the names "Gregory" or "Gregor". In some cases it is derived from the surname of the same spelling. A variant form of the given name is "Gregg".

</doc>
<doc id="21572983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572983" title="Okhota River">
Okhota River

The Okhota River (, lit. "Hunting", and from a Tungus word meaning "river
") is a river in Khabarovsk Krai, which flows south to the Sea of Okhotsk at the town and port of Okhotsk.
Okhota River is 393 km long, its drainage basin is 19,100 square kilometres. It is frozen from early November to May. Snow cover in the valley can last until late June. To the east is the parallel Kukhtui River and then the Kukhtui Range. To the west to the short Urak River and to the north of it, the Yudoma Range. North of its headwaters, on the other side of the Suntar-Khayata Range, another river runs north to join the Indigirka River near Omyakon. 
It rises in Suntar-Khayata Range at about 1,200 meters above sea level at the junction of the Left Okhota and Right Okhota Rivers. These are about 10 km long and start from a height of 1,800 to 2,000 meters. First a mountain stream, the river later flows along with the Kukhtui River in wide valley between Yudom and Kukhtuy Ranges and joins the Kukhtui River to form the harbor of Okhotsk which is separated from the sea by a sand spit. In 1810 the ice-choked river cut a new mouth through the spit at Novoye Ustye.
The banks of the river in the mostly forested. There is an important salmon run. The lower reaches of the river are navigable for small craft.
Since there are no easy portages to the Okhota, the Russians usually approached Okhotsk from the Urak River or the Ulya River to the west. The only main route that used the Okhota ran from the "corner" of the Yudoma River over the 100km Okhotsk Portage to the Okhota about 100km north of its mouth. There was some pasture along the river but not enough to keep many Yakutsk pack-horses over winter. Larch was cut and floated down the river for shipbuilding. Around 1750 there were 37 peasant families and from 1735 a few Yakut cattlemen.
References.
James R Gibson, "Feeding the Russian Fur Trade", 1969

</doc>
<doc id="21572998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21572998" title="National University of Colombia at Medellín">
National University of Colombia at Medellín

The Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Medellín (also called Sede Medellín or UNALMED), is a public, coeducational, research university, is one of the satellite campus of the National University of Colombia System, which also has campuses located in the cities of Bogotá, Manizales, Palmira, Arauca, Leticia, and San Andrés.
Academics.
University Profile.
Colleges in Medellín:
Museum in Medellín Campus:

</doc>
<doc id="21573013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573013" title="Marta Larraechea">
Marta Larraechea

She studied as a child at "Inmaculada Concepción" school in Concepción, Secretaryship and Social Orientation at Instituto Carlos Casanueva. She and Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle were married on November 30, 1967 and they have four children, Verónica, Cecilia, Magdalena and Catalina. She identifies as a Roman Catholic and close friend of Hillary Rodham Clinton and Carlos Menem.
Electoral Resume.
Municipal Elections 2000.
Municipal Elections 2000 for Santiago mayoralty 

</doc>
<doc id="21573020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573020" title="Design 1047 battlecruiser">
Design 1047 battlecruiser

Design 1047, also known as Project 1047, was a series of plans for a class of Dutch battlecruisers prior to the Second World War. The ships were intended to counter a perceived threat posed by Imperial Japanese aggression to the Dutch colonies in the East Indies. Dutch intelligence believed that the Imperial Japanese Navy would deploy its capital ships (aircraft carriers and battleships) against their counterparts of the United States Navy and the British Royal Navy, leaving heavy and light cruisers, along with seaplane carriers, as the largest ships available for an advance into the East Indies. As such, the 1047s were shaped by the need to be able to fight their way through a fleet composed of these ships and smaller destroyers. It was hoped that this capability would allow the battlecruisers to act as a fleet in being.
After a recommendation from high-ranking Dutch naval officers that the "Koninklijke Marine" (Royal Netherlands Navy) be bolstered so any attacker would have to "use such a large part of his military potential that there would be an unacceptable weakening of his capabilities in other theaters", the Minister of Defense ordered the Navy to prepare designs for a two or three-member class of battlecruisers. As they had not previously designed a modern capital ship, and the only information available on modern designs came from public literature and editions of "Jane's Fighting Ships", the Dutch turned to Germany. This initially bore no results, as the two sides were unable to come to terms. During this time, a preliminary plan was drawn up without foreign assistance; completed on 11 July 1939, it was missing many of the post-First World War advances in warship technology. In particular, the armor protection was totally outmoded.
Germany and the Netherlands were eventually able to reach an agreement where Germany would release plans and drawings based upon their ideas for a battlecruiser, in return for a guarantee that all needed equipment would be ordered from German firms. With their assistance (mainly through NV Ingenieurskantoor voor Scheepsbouw), a rough design was formulated by February 1940. A visit to Italy prompted a rethink of the internal layout, which led to a set of drawings dated 19 April 1940. This is the last known design produced prior to Germany's invasion and occupation of the Netherlands. Final plans for the ships were never completed, and the ships were never constructed.
Background.
The Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931 marked a period of increasing belligerence from the Japanese Empire, and as the decade progressed the Dutch grew concerned about the security of their East Indies colonies. The islands, which included Java, Sumatra, Borneo and part of New Guinea, were enormously important both politically and strategically to the Dutch, who had lived and traded there for more than three centuries. Over 500,000 settlers had moved from the Netherlands to this "second homeland", and the East Indies possessed abundant valuable resources, the most important of which were the rubber plantations and oilfields; the islands were the fourth-largest exporters of oil in the world, behind the United States, Iran, and Romania.
The "Koninklijke Marine" had only one seagoing armored ship stationed in the East Indies, the coastal-defense ship (ex-). As this ship was considered to be "of little remaining combat value", three light cruisers (, and ), a few destroyers, and a large submarine fleet were charged with the main naval defense of the islands.
The Dutch believed that if war broke out, Japan's capital ships would be preoccupied with the battleships of the United States Navy and the British Royal Navy, meaning that the defenses of the East Indies would need to cope only with Japan's cruisers. However, the ships were more powerful than their Dutch equivalents and Japan would also have the advantage of numbers. It was estimated that by 1944, should no new vessels be ordered, the five light cruisers of the "Koninklijke Marine" (two of the , which were laid down prior to the First World War, , and two of the ) could be facing 18 heavy and 27 light Japanese cruisers.
These factors forced the "Koninklijke Marine" to bolster this force, and so the construction of three "super cruisers" capable of overpowering cruisers of the Imperial Japanese Navy was contemplated. The Washington Naval Treaty and London Naval Treaty limited new cruisers of their signatory nations to not more than a 10,000-ton displacement and guns, but as a relatively minor naval power the Netherlands had not been party to the treaties and was not bound by their restrictions. According to Dutch naval intelligence, the Japanese cruisers did not participate in exercises with the main fleet of battleships and fleet carriers, instead operating with seaplane carriers, so it was assumed that the battlecruisers would not have to face overwhelming carrier-based air strikes. Moreover, the presence of these powerful ships—whose larger guns could easily out-range any escorting cruisers or destroyers—would give the Dutch a fleet in being in the East Indies that could delay or end plans for an amphibious assault for fear that the invasion would be disrupted or the attacking fleet destroyed.
Design.
In 1938, a number of high-ranking naval officers within the "Koninklijke Marine" gathered to discuss possible improvements to the navy. They concluded that the Dutch should have a navy strong enough to force an enemy to "use such a large part of his military potential that there would be an unacceptable weakening of his capabilities in other theaters". At this, and a note from the Chief of Naval Staff, the Minister of Defence J.C.C. van Dijk ordered the navy on to begin planning and estimating costs for two or possibly three battlecruisers.
Requirements for the new battlecruiser design were laid down by the navy a day before the order from van Dijk was made; they included the ability to steam for 12 hours at 32 knots, an endurance of 4,500 nautical miles at 20 knots, a maximum of fifteen minutes for the ship to go from 20 to 30 knots, protection for the engine room that would allow the ship to take hits in that area without being slowed, a draft not to exceed 9 meters, and capacity for six weeks' worth of supplies. Desired weaponry was nine 280 mm guns in three triple turrets for the main armament, with each gun capable of firing independently, a dual-purpose secondary armament of 120 mm guns in four twin mounts, and an anti-aircraft battery of fourteen in pairs with centralized fire control. Aircraft were to be two fighters and two reconnaissance aircraft. Specific values were given for each aspect of the design's armor, which featured substantial anti-torpedo and mine protection and a defense against 28 cm shells and 300 kg bombs.
Preliminary designs.
With no prior experience in building such large ships—as 1913 plans for 24,650-ton dreadnoughts were never brought to fruition due to the First World War—and no significant source of information on more modern vessels—the only material available being unclassified sources such as "Jane's Fighting Ships"—the Dutch turned to foreign sources for technical assistance.
Although they hoped that the French would release plans for their of 'fast battleships', they decided to focus their effort on Hitler's Germany. Informal talks had already been held in Berlin on 24–25 April 1939 where the Dutch proposed that, in return for the complete plans for the , they would order all of the necessary equipment for their construction program from Germany.
A draft design was completed without foreign assistance by the Construction Department on 11 July 1939, but it did not reflect the numerous technical developments that had entered capital ship designs after the First World War. In particular, its armor scheme was utterly obsolete, as it lacked any substantial amount of deck armor or good underwater protection; it came closer to the designs of 20 to 25 years previous than to that of a modern warship.
Despite German interest in the battlecruiser project, the two sides could not agree on terms. The German delegation insisted that orders placed in their country be guaranteed, with financial compensation to be paid to German companies if the Dutch did not construct the ships. They also refused to release a complete set of plans for the "Scharnhorst"s. Further complicating negotiations, the Dutch Cabinet, which would have to approve any deal, did not convene during the summer of 1939.
While awaiting official approval, Dutch planning went ahead. A contract with Ferrostaal A.G. Essen was drawn up, and on a list of products for purchase in Germany was submitted. Two months later, talks were held in Bremen and Berlin (on 13 and 31 July, respectively) in which the Germans agreed to release plans and drawings that, although not specifically of the "Scharnhorst"-class, would reveal their ideas on battlecruiser design. Delivered on 21 August of that year, these showed various modern protection schemes that could be used in the new battlecruisers. On 4 October 1939, a German admiral previously appointed as a liaison between the two navies asserted that while Germany could not guarantee punctual delivery dates, it could assure the Netherlands that it would pressure the companies to meet the contractual dates and that the Kriegsmarine would not interfere with orders from the same companies. A month later, Ferrostaal A.G. Essen was formally appointed as the Dutch proxy in most of their dealings with Germany; this appointment did not include Krupp Germaniawerft.
Work on armament for the new designs was contracted to Krupp Germaniawerft; the Dutch met with the company on 31 July 1939 and supplied the characteristics for the main and secondary armament. Turret armor, main armament depression and elevation (, obtained through the use of hydraulics), and the muzzle velocity for the guns () were all specified. Requirements for the secondary armament included a maximum depression of , a maximum elevation of , and approximate armor values for their mounts (80 mm front, 150 mm roof, 50 mm sides). The fire control arrangement was discussed on 6 November 1939 with the Dutch company NV Hazemeyer Signaal Apparatenfabriek.
By this time the propulsion plant, which was to be built in the Netherlands, was taking shape. Requirements sent out in August 1939 mandated that the ships have eight boiler rooms, four sets of geared turbines, and 180,000 shp. After further improvements Nevesbu and two German firms (Krupp Germaniawerft was responsible for the turbines and Deschimag for the boilers) began sketching preliminary plans. These were then incorporated into two different design studies, one by Nevesbu and the other by NV Ingenieurskantoor voor Scheepsbouw (IvS). IvS was purportedly a Dutch company linking Dutch and German designers, but in reality functioned as a front company for German interests. Their design was probably based upon a set of plans drawn up by the Ship Construction Office of the German Navy and received in the Netherlands on 31 August. It did not give the propulsion machinery enough space, and it was thought that this design did not provide enough room for magazines. Nevertheless, it was taken into discussions with the Dutch, where the 11 July design was merged with it. IvS came out with one further plan on 11 March 1940, the merits of which were discussed with the Dutch in April of that year.
Design studies.
In December 1939 the two studies produced their design proposals; both were capable of 180,000 shp and both had similar boiler capabilities, but the Dutch design was larger than the German. Although it had the advantage of smaller size, the Dutch were concerned that the German design's power plant might not be capable of operating without problems (the Kriegsmarine did indeed face plant problems during the war). However, questions about reliability soon became moot; it was originally believed that around of the ship's length would be required for its propulsion plant, but it was discovered that no more than could be spared if the ship's ammunition was to be behind armor—and the German design needed , while the Dutch design needed .
December also saw real doubts start to creep over the project, as a new Navy Minister had been appointed, and he believed that the Dutch would be better off acquiring a modern version of the old armored cruiser type. Basic characteristics were drawn up for a , standard ship that had nine guns, a belt and a deck. Even though these vessels would have been superior to any -gunned, treaty cruiser, it was felt that too many compromises would be necessary. The belt and deck armor were judged inadequate, but to achieve the same protection as the battlecruiser design would mean no armament could be fitted. The smaller design also did not feature the speed advantage over opponents that the battlecruisers had. For these reasons the Navy "strongly recommended against the construction of such a ship", and the proposal was abandoned.
The plan for three battlecruisers was authorized in February 1940; they, along with two light cruisers of the "Eendracht" class, would be responsible for the main sea defense of the East Indies. The new light cruisers would replace the older , which would then assume the role of gunnery training ships from grossly obsolete ships such as the protected cruiser , which had been laid down more than forty years prior on 28 September 1898. The authorization of large battlecruisers meant that a new 40,000-ton floating dock would be built and many improvements to their planned base in the East Indies, the naval yard in Soerabaya, would begin. To handle the construction of such a ship, a new building way was begun by the Netherlands Construction Company, Ltd..
Germany's refusal to give the Dutch access to plans detailing the design of the "Scharnhorst"s below the waterline was a major problem. Inexperienced in designing an underwater protection scheme for a ship of this size, the Dutch were forced to turn to Italy for assistance, which allowed a delegation of engineers and naval officers to enter the country in February 1940. Although the Dutch delegation was barred from viewing technical drawings or the battleship , then under construction, possibly to ensure that the details of their Pugliese system remained a secret, they were allowed to visit , toured several shipyards, interviewed the Chief Constructor of the Italian Navy, and received additional information on the "Scharnhorst"s, the Italians—Germany's ally—knowing some details of the ships.
Although the issues the Dutch designers were having with a propulsion system were discussed, the delegation came away from Italy entirely uninspired by the Italians' efforts in that area. On the other hand, the visit provoked a drastic reworking of the internal subdivision of the proposed battlecruisers. The designers got rid of the previously required central longitudinal bulkhead and attempted to raise the double bottom to provide greater protection against magnetic torpedoes. However, due to the requirement for a shallow draft, this modification had to be abandoned.
Last design.
When another delegation was sent to Germany to discuss the problems with the battlecruisers, the Dutch took their evolving design with them. Dated 19 April 1940, this was the final version prior to the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany; Design 1047 was never fully completed. The normal load displacement was now planned to be around . Although the propulsion was not yet finalized, the requirements had been re-examined in March 1940 to ascertain if 160,000 shp would be enough, taking into account that a plant that would produce 180,000 shp in tropical water would in northern regions produce ca. 200,000 shp—warmer waters adversely affect a steam turbine's efficiency. The updated requirements also called for eight Yarrow boilers fitted in four boiler rooms, and four Parsons geared turbines in two engine rooms, to drive four propellers at either 40,000 or 45,000 shp each (40,000 in tropic water conditions, 45,000 in North Sea conditions). Length requirements for the machinery had also been altered, once in early March and again on 20 April 1940; a total length of 79.5 meters was now called for.
Armament.
The table of characteristics provided by Lt. Jurrien S. Noot for the 19 April 1940 design does not give any armament specifics, as these likely remained unaltered from the earlier 16 February 1940 drawing. This drawing provided the following: a main armament of nine 283 mm guns, a secondary armament of twelve 120 mm dual purpose guns, and an anti-aircraft defense consisting of fourteen Bofors 40 mm guns and eight Oerlikon 20 mm cannons.
Work on the main armament was contracted to Krupp Germaniawerft, which based its designs for the turrets, mountings, and guns of the 1047s on the 28 cm SK C/34 used on the "Scharnhorst" class. With a APC shell, the guns would have had a muzzle velocity of 900 m/s (2,950 ft/s) and a maximum range of ; 120 rounds of ammunition would have been stowed for each gun, and the rate of fire would have been about 2.5 rounds per minute. The guns would have been able to be elevated to a maximum angle of 45° and trained to 150°, while the loading angle would have been about 2°.
Secondary armament was planned to be twelve Bofors guns in dual mounts. It is unclear whether or not these were an older version of the gun (which had been mounted as the main armament on Dutch destroyers since the 1920s) or an entirely new version. However, the debate is academic as the new guns were developed in the 1940s during the chaos of the Second World War and were unavailable for warships until after the war's end. Detailed specifics such as range or rate of fire are also unknown; had the older gun been used it would in any case have been updated (including the use of dual instead of single half-shield mounts), and the more modern version did not see service until 1950, by which time it incorporated improvements from lessons learned during the war.
Arguably the best light anti-aircraft gun of the Second World War, the 40 mm Bofors was used for air defense both on land and at sea by many of the countries involved, including the Americans, British, Dutch, Japanese, and Swedish. Produced in the early 1930s, it first entered service with the Royal Netherlands Navy when the cruisers "Java" and "Sumatra" were refitted in 1934–35. Before the Second World War, Hazemeyer, a Dutch subsidiary of the German company Siemens & Halske, had devised "a very advanced triaxial mounting together with a tachymetric control system" for the 40 mm gun. When the Netherlands fell in 1940, this was brought to the U.K. aboard the minesweeper "Willem van der Zaan", where it was copied and put into service as the British Mark IV twin mount. The description of the proposed fire control mechanism for the 1047s, discussed on 6 November 1939, mentions that the 40 mm weapons were "to be controlled autonomously from the gun positions"; this seems to describe Hazemeyer's system, but no direct link is made in sources.
The Dutch Navy had already acquired a quantity of the Hispano Suiza 20mm guns before the war for mounting in torpedo boats and other craft and 6 of these were mounted in the cruiser Jacob van Heemskerck when she made her escape to Britain in 1940. The Hispano fired similar 20 × 110 ammunition to the Oerlikon but had a higher rate of fire and slightly higher muzzle velocity. The Hispano Suiza however was to prove insufficiently durable for shipboard use and would find its niche as a highly successful aircraft gun.
Differences from the "Scharnhorst" class.
Despite their superficially similar appearance, there were many differences between the "Scharnhorst" class and the final incarnation of the Dutch design. The 1047 was inferior in its armor protection, but in other respects was far superior: the main guns could be elevated higher, the anti-torpedo system was thicker, the deck protection better accommodated the ship boilers, and the design did not make use of the problematic German power plant. In addition, the 1047s' anti-aircraft armament was far superior to the "Scharnhorst" class. The use of twelve dual purpose guns—able to function in both anti-surface and anti-aircraft roles—as opposed to the German division between anti-surface guns and anti-aircraft guns, was a more effective solution, as it saved needed space and weight on the ships in addition to simplifying logistics by requiring just one size of secondary ammunition.
Fate.
With the outbreak of the Second World War, almost all design work was halted, although work on turrets and gunnery arrangements by Krupp Germaniawerft's designers continued until the German invasion of the Netherlands in May. The first 1047-class ship was scheduled to be completed in 1944, so would in any case have been too late to stop the Japanese advance into the Dutch East Indies. Due to the war, final plans for the ships were never completed, and the ships were never constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="21573040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573040" title="National University of Colombia (disambiguation)">
National University of Colombia (disambiguation)

The term National University of Colombia could refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="21573045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573045" title="Rick DeLorto">
Rick DeLorto

Rick DeLorto (born August 18, 1949 in Wood Dale, Illinois) is an American racing driver. He attempted to race in two CART Championship Car races in the fall of 1982 (during their split with USAC) at the Milwaukee Mile and Road America but failed to make the field in both races. After returning to amateur racing, DeLorto reappeared for the first race of the new Indy Racing League in the 1996 Indy 200 at Walt Disney World. He tested in a four year old Buick powered Lola chassis but did not complete his drivers test and was not allowed to qualify. However he still earned $10,000 for his entry. He was evidently still active in high-level amateur SCCA racing as of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="21573067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573067" title="Mamadou Wague">
Mamadou Wague

Mamadou Wagué (born 19 August 1990 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French footballer.
Career.
Mamadou can play as either a defender or a holding midfielder and joined Le Mans's CFA squad in 2007 after arriving from Paris FC. His performances in the CFA earned him a call up to the senior squad. He made his professional debut on February 7, 2009 in a Ligue 1 match against Toulouse coming on as a substitute in the 80th minute. Le Mans lost the match 0–2. Due to the suspension of defender Grégory Cerdan, Mamadou was called up to the senior squad again, this time for their match against Lille on February 17. On March 6, he agreed to his first professional contract, signing a three-year deal with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="21573093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573093" title="Giovanna Negretti">
Giovanna Negretti

Giovanna Negretti is an American activist.
Negretti is the co-founder and executive director of ¿Oiste?, a Latino political organization that works to increase the participation of Latinos in politics and public policy making in the United States.
Giovanna received the 2008 New Frontier Award by the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation and the Institute of Politics at Harvard, which honors young Americans who are changing their communities – and the country – through their commitment to public service. She was awarded for her contribution to advocacy and grassroots activism in the Latino community. She was also selected by the Hunt Alternatives Fund for its Prime Movers program, a fellowship for new leaders. In 2010, Giovanna received an Eisenhower Fellowship.
Early life.
Born in Puerto Rico, Negretti learned early on the use of a thick skin combined with compassion and persistence. From 1941 through 2001, her family's native island of Vieques was under US military control, its lands expropriated from the native inhabitants and used as a shooting range and dumping ground for non-conventional weapons by the US Navy. She witnessed the devastation to communities and the fragile ecological foundation of her island growing up and learned how to organize, protest and challenge authority effectively through the actions of those around her and later through her own advocacy at University.
Though from humble beginnings, Negretti graduated magna cum laude from Emerson College with a bachelor's degree in fine arts and holds a master's degree in public administration from Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Career.
In 1992 Negretti moved to Massachusetts to attend college and went on to work as senior legislative aide for State Senator Dianne Wilkerson at a time when there was no visible Latino political leadership. She has since been active in a number of political campaigns include those of President Barack Obama, Howard Dean and Deval Patrick.
Noticing lack of impact by those most affected by redistricting, bilingual education, clean elections and civic participation, Negretti began working on a grassroots level to insure all citizens achieved a voice in the policies affecting them and their lives. This involved digging in and getting involved with Latinos, women and people of color and shepherding them through the political process through education, training, coaching and direct involvement. Negretti both teaches and maintains involvement.
Grassroots programs she's assisted in creating, supporting or mentoring include: National Congress for Puerto Rican Rights, Massachusetts Chapter of the National Boricua Human Rights Networks. By 1997, Negretti successfully organized several rallies and demonstrations in Washington, D.C. and elsewhere, including a National Day of Solidarity with the People of Vieques in 2000.
In 1999 she co-founded and became the executive director of ¿Oiste?, a US-based NGO with a mission to advance the political, social and economic standing of Latinos. Through its programs in leadership development, civic education, campaign training and advocacy, over one hundred clients have gone on to serve in government, causes and other political actions.
Highlights.
Negretti has been profiled and quoted on mainstream media outlets nationally and internationally on matters relative to leadership, public policy, politics, and public service, is listed as one of the 100 Most Powerful Women in Boston (May 2003).
In 2008, Negretti was presented the prestigious New Frontier Award by Caroline Kennedy on behalf of the Institute of Politics at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government and the JFK Library Foundation. She was also honored as the 2008 Prime Mover recipient, a national program that supports leaders who engage masses of people to create a more just society. In January 2010, Negretti was selected as one of nine Eisenhower Fellows thus allowing her to expand her global work and study the impact of identity as it relates to political participation.
Over the past several years Negretti has consulted with Dominican Republic President Leonel Fernández, worked with Sapientis, a non-profit organization focused on education in Puerto Rico. Additional work in South and Central America has focused on environmental issues and their impact on the local population.
In the Middle East and Southeast Asia she's worked with Feminist School and Change for Equality and other activist groups dedicated to securing women's rights in Iran. In Malaysia she designed and implemented candidate training for participants attending the Women's Islamic Initiative in Spirituality and Equality Conference for the American Society for Muslim Advancement.
In Europe she provided leadership training to young professionals seeking access to EU institutions, programs and funds via EU Access.

</doc>
<doc id="21573098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573098" title="Tafelberg">
Tafelberg

Tafelberg is Dutch and Afrikaans for "table mountain". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21573145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573145" title="San Francisco, San Pablo">
San Francisco, San Pablo

Barangay San Francisco (commonly known as Calihan) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City, Philippines. It is located at the south of the city proper and is bounded by Barangay Santo Cristo on north, Barangay San Gregorio and Barangay San Ignacio on south, Barangay Soledad on the west, and Barangay San Jose on east. It is the most populous barangay in the city according to 2010 census.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21573147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573147" title="National University of Colombia at Palmira">
National University of Colombia at Palmira

The Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Palmira (also called Sede Palmira), is a public, coeducational, research university, is one of the satellite campus of the National University of Colombia System, which also has campuses located in the cities of Bogotá, Medellin, Manizales, Arauca, Leticia, and San Andrés.
Academics.
University Profile.
Colleges in Palmira: Agricultural Sciences, Engineering and Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="21573151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573151" title="Tropical Storm Wukong (2006)">
Tropical Storm Wukong (2006)

Severe Tropical Storm Wukong (international designation: 0610; JTWC designation: 11W) was a slow moving tropical cyclone which produced torrential rains over Japan. The tenth named storm of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season, Wukong developed out of a tropical depression over the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean. On August 13, both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the depression as a tropical storm. The storm traveled along a curving path south of Japan, absorbing the remnants of Tropical Storm Sonamu on August 15 before turning towards the west. Wukong made landfall at peak intensity late on August 17 near Miyazaki City in southern Kyūshū. The cyclone remained over land for about 24 hours before moving out over the Sea of Japan. The storm weakened to a tropical depression before dissipating on August 21. Due to the slow movement of the storm, it produced heavy rains, peaking at 516 mm (20.3 in). Two people were killed due to rough seas produced by the storm and three others were injured.
Meteorological history.
On August 12, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began monitoring a tropical depression located to the south of Chichi-jima island. The depression formed within a monsoonal gyre which also spawned Tropical Storm Sonamu. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the system as Tropical Depression 11W several hours after the JMA while the system was located about 140 km (85 mi) south of Iwo Jima. The depression gradually strengthened as it moved towards the northwest. Early on August 13, it was upgraded to a tropical storm and given the name "Wukong"; a name which was contributed by China. The names means "the king of the monkeys" and was featured in the novel "Journey to the West". The storm slowed significantly as a ridge built eastward over Japan. On August 14, Wukong turned towards the northeast and reached its peak intensity with winds of 95 km/h (60 mph 10-minute winds) as a severe tropical storm.
At the same time, the JTWC assessed Wukong to have reached its initial peak intensity with winds of 95 km/h (60 mph 1-minute winds). The next day, the storm began to accelerate due to an interaction with the nearby Tropical Storm Sonamu. Wukong absorbed the weakening Sonamu later in the day before turning towards the west. On August 16, the storm turned towards the northwest due to a weakness in the ridge near Japan. Wukong made landfall late on August 17 near Miyazaki City in southern Kyūshū. As the storm made landfall, the JTWC assessed Wukong to have winds of 100 km/h (65 mph 1-minute winds). The cyclone slowly traveled across land, entering the Sea of Japan about 24 hours after landfall. Several hours after entering the Sea of Japan, the JMA downgraded Wukong to a tropical depression. The depression persisted for two more days before dissipating near the Russian coastline.
Preparations and impact.
According to Japanese weather officials, heavy rain, flood, storm and high wave warnings were put into effect for all of Kyūshū and adjacent areas in Honshū. The two largest air carriers in Japan, Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways, cancelled at least 36 domestic flights ahead of the storm. Several of the largest oil refineries halted oil product shipments from three refineries. Kyushu Railways postponed services on five lines, one of which crossed the entire prefecture. Long distance ferries were also shut down. Iwakuni, Yamaguchi was placed under Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness 3 and Sasebo, Nagasaki was placed under Tropical Cyclone Condition of Readiness Storm Watch.
Wukong produced torrential rains over Japan, peaking at 516 mm (20.3 in) in Hinokage, Miyazaki Prefecture. Flooding in Kyūshū and the Yamaguchi Prefecture caused the evacuation of about 300 households. At least 200 residences were left without power in Kyūshū. Two people were killed by rough seas produced by Wukong, and three others were injured in storm-related accidents. A total of seven landslides occurred, one of which damaged several homes. As the storm brushed the Korean Peninsula, it produced heavy rains, but caused no known damage.

</doc>
<doc id="21573157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573157" title="Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City">
Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City

Non-Cognitive Aspects of the City: Live at the Iridium is a live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in April, 2004 at the Iridium Jazz Club in New York City and released in 2006 on the Pi Recordings label. It features performances by Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Don Moye with trumpeter Corey Wilkes and bassist Jaribu Shahid replacing the late Lester Bowie and Malachi Favors Maghostut. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that "Some of the music on this two-CD set is almost hard bop although a bit eccentric; other selections meander a bit in sound explorations or percussion displays, and others find the group pushing ahead".

</doc>
<doc id="21573179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573179" title="Brad Wilson (soccer)">
Brad Wilson (soccer)

Brad Wilson (born November 19, 1972) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played just over one season with the Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer.
Wilson graduated from El Toro High School in Lake Forest, California. In 1991, he attended Irvine Valley College. He transferred to St. Louis University where he played on the men's soccer team in 1992 and 1993. In 1994, he returned to California where he finished his collegiate career with Cal State Fullerton in 1994. In 1995, he played for FC Saarbrücken in the German Third Division.
In February 1996, the Los Angeles Galaxy selected Wilson in the 13th round (124th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played twenty-two games with the Galaxy in 1996, then started the 1997 season before being waived July after three games. He moved to the Orange County Zodiac of the USISL. On February 1, 1998, the Tampa Bay Mutiny selected Wilson in the first round (7th overall) of the 1998 MLS Supplemental Draft. On March 2, 1998, the Mutiny waived Wilson. In the spring of 1998, he had a trial with the Chicago Fire, but was not signed. He then returned to the Zodiac for the 1998 season.
He currently coaches with the West Coast Futbol Club.

</doc>
<doc id="21573206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573206" title="Strathcona Islands">
Strathcona Islands

The Strathcona Islands are uninhabited Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada. They are a Baffin Island offshore island group in Qikiqtaaluk Region lying from to west of Cape Colmer. The group consists of a large island that rises in a series of rocky ridges to ; its south side is low and irregular. There are also several small, rocky islands.
Kimmirut, an Inuit hamlet, is to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="21573222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573222" title="Sony Ericsson Satio">
Sony Ericsson Satio

The Sony Ericsson Satio (U1) is a smartphone, announced by Sony Ericsson at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain on 15 February 2009 as the Idou (pronounced "I do"). It was released on 7 October 2009 in the UK in 3 colour schemes: Black, Silver and Bordeaux (Red). 
The focus of the phone is the high quality playback of music and video, as well as photography. The camera is located on the back of the phone, behind a slider and features a xenon flash. On the side of the phone, there is a shutter button, and a button which allows you to switch between still and video modes. Next to this is a rocker switch for zooming in and out. Also on this side is a button for playback of photos or video. The other side of the phone has a sliding lock button and a covered slot for a MicroSD card.
The front of the phone is dominated by a , 16:9 ratio 360x640 TFT resistive touchscreen. There is also a front-facing camera for video calling. At the bottom of the touchscreen are three small buttons: green (left), white (centre), and red (right). 
In terms of software, Satio uses the Symbian OS 9.4 operating system, which is created collaboratively under the stewardship of the Symbian Foundation. It uses the PlayNow service, Sony Ericsson's mobile content platform, and is part of the company's new Entertainment Unlimited service. In terms of connectivity, it is Wi-Fi-enabled and has a GPS chip for navigation and location-based services. It also supports full Flash for video playback.
The phone was withdrawn from sale in November 2009 by two major British retailers due to complaints from customers. However, the problem was found only in UK editions of the phone and was probably caused by carrier-specific customizations. The following software update released by Sony Ericsson provided a fix and the phone was back for sale at those two retailers.
Sony Ericsson Satio and then Sony Ericsson Vivaz are the latest additions of Sony Ericsson to the Symbian Family phones. After that, all Sony Ericsson smartphones run Android.

</doc>
<doc id="21573237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573237" title="Panchanan Mitra">
Panchanan Mitra

Dr. Panchanan Mitra () (25 May 1892 – 25 June 1936) was the first professor of anthropology in India. He was among the first Indians to study at Yale University and conducted several anthropological expeditions in India and abroad. He was the head of the Department of Anthropology of the University of Calcutta and is most known for his works "Prehistoric India" (1923), "History of Ameri-can Anthropology" (1930) and "Indo-Poly-nesian Memories" (1933). He was awarded the Fellowship of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland and today the Asiatic Society awards an annual ‘Panchanan Mitra Memorial Lectureship’ for outstanding contributions to anthropology.
Personal life and family.
He was born to a well-known Kayastha family at Soora, an eastern suburb of Kolkata, India on 24 May 1892. The Mitra family was one of the oldest families of Bengal and received various honours from the Bengal Nawab. Raja Pitambar Mitra migrated to Oudh after the disaster at Palashi, and the family was settled there for many generations. When the family was under Ajodhyaram they received many honors from the Nawab Vizir of Oudh and the emeperor at Delhi as well. Many members of the Mitra family were well known in literary circles. Pitambar and his grandson, Janmejay Mitra wrote Brajabuli poems. Janmejay was an Urdu poet of distinguished standing as well. Dr. Mitra's 1892. His grandfather’s
elder brother was Rajendralal Mitra was the first Indian President of The Asiatic Society and one of the pioneers of the Indian Renaissance. Rajendralal was the third son of Janmejay Mitra. Mitra died on 25 July 1936.
Career.
He was the first Professor of Anthropology at the University of Calcutta, and received the "Bishop Museum Fellowship" in 1924 for studying "Polynesian affinities with India". Panchanan Mitra was the first Indian to obtain a PhD from Yale University, USA in the year 1930. At Yale, he worked under the supervision of Clark Wissler. Mitra undertook and supervised several pioneering anthropological expeditions in India and abroad. Several of his students became notable. Nirmal Kumar Bose, personal secretary of Mahatma Gandhi during the Noakhali pre-partition riots was his student.
Awards and memberships.
He was awarded several medals and fellowships during his lifetime and was a member of several professional bodies. He was awarded the "Fellowship of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland". He was appointed as the Assistant Curator of the Archaeology section of the Indian Museum. He was the Honorary Magistrate of Kolkata from 1922 to 1924 and later served as a councillor in the Municipal corporation of the city till 1927. He presided over the Anthropology proceedings in the Indian Science Congress in 1933 and the anthropogenetics sessions of the Indian Population Congress, Lucknow in 1936. He was also an associate member at the American Museum of Natural History. The Asiatic Society awards an annual ‘Panchanan Mitra Memorial Lectureship’ for outstanding contributions to the field of anthropology in his name.
Legacy.
The recent (2005) publication of his book entitled "Manual of Prehistoric India" shows the continuing importance of his work. Although his contributions included much outside the realm of anthropology, probably his greatest legacy is the introduction and development of anthropology as an academic discipline in India. Presently, anthropology and its related sub-disciplines are taught in more than 40 Indian universities.

</doc>
<doc id="21573241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573241" title="Sooranad Kunjan Pillai">
Sooranad Kunjan Pillai

Sooranad P. N. Kunjan Pillai is a historian, researcher, lexicographer, poet, essayist, literary critic, orator, socio-cultural leader, grammarian, educationist, and scholar of Malayalam language. In 1984 he was honoured with Padmashri award for his contribution to Malayalam literature and education.
Biography.
He was born to Neelakanta Pillai and Karthiyanipillai Amma on 26 November 1911 in Sooranad South in Kollam district. He married Bhagavathi Ammathe panniyarathala family in Jagathy, d. 2007 in 1935. He is survived by three daughters and a son.
Education.
He did his schooling in Thevalakkara Malayalam School, Chavara English School, and later joined the Thiruvananthapuram Arts College. He took his Master's degree in English in 1933 and subsequently received his Master's in Sanskrit (1934) and Malayalam (1935). He specialized in Archaeology also.
Positions held.
He started his professional career as an English Teacher in St. Joseph School, Trivandrum and retired from Govt Service in 1971 as the Chief Editor of Malayalam Lexicon, University of Kerala, where he entered in 1953. He served as the Secretary of Text Book Committee; Travancore State Manual Assistant Sadasya Tilakam T K Velu Pillai; Asst Secretary to Govt for Education; Honorary Director, Kerala University Manuscripts Library; Member, Indian Historical Records Commission, Member, Faculty of Oriental Studies, University of Kerala, Editor, Kerala Archives News Letter Board, Chief Advisor of Navasahithi Biographical Encyclopedia. He was Member of the Phd Evaluation Board of University of Kerala,He served as the President of Sahithya Parishad; Exe.Member of Central Sahitya Akademi, Kerala Sahitya Akademi, History Association; President, Kanfed; Editor,Journal of Indian History; Member of the first Jnanpith Award Committee.
Writer.
Kunjan Pillai who was a versatile writer in Malayalam has written books in English and Sanskrit as well. He had knowledge in Tamil and Hindi too. He published his first work Smashanadeepam (Collected Poems) in 1925 when he was still in school. He has prepared more than 150 text books for High School classes. He has written more than 1000 forewords for the books of many contemporary writers of Malayalam. He has also written the "Malayala nikhandu" (Malayalam Dictionary).
Awards.
He was given the title 'Sahithya Nipunan' by Kochi Maharajah. In 1984 he was honoured with Padmashri by Govt. of India. He received the Fellowship of Kerala Sahithya Academy and was made a Fellow of the History Association. He was honoured with D.Litt by the Meerut University in 1991 and University of Kerala in 1992. He received the Vallathol Puraskaram in 1992 and the first Ezhuthachan Puraskaram instituted by Govt. of Kerala in 1994. His many contributions to art, society and culture and services rendered to the people of Kerala, India and the Sanskrit and Malayalam languages resulted in the bestowing of the second highest civilian award, the 'Padmashri' award to him in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="21573242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573242" title="Yoyo Chen">
Yoyo Chen

Yoyo Chen (born 27 August 1981) is a Hong Kong actress.
Biography.
Chen was given her first TVB role in 2004 in the "Sunshine Heartbeat". After several minor roles, Yoyo began to receive bigger roles such as Tong Chi Man in "The Brink of Law" and Kawaii in "Best Selling Secrets".
She finished secondary 7 and graduated from Po Kok Girls' Middle School, Happy Valley, Hong Kong.
She married Hong Kong actor Vincent Wong at 11:00 AM on 11 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="21573259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573259" title="Zamzamin Ampatuan">
Zamzamin Ampatuan

Datu Zamzamin Ampatuan is a career bureaucrat in the Philippines. He is a descendant of Shariff Ampatuan, grandson of Syedona Mustafa, a sufi missionary, which propagated moderate Islam in the Upper Cotabato Valley of Southern Philippines. However rooted in spiritual and ethical traditions, the public image of the Ampatuan clan, to which Datu Zamzamin belonged, was tainted by the infamous 11/23 Massacre at Masalay, Ampatuan, Maguindanao. Authorities pointed to Andal Ampatuan, Jr. a.ka. "Datu Unsay", as the culprit. Datu Unsay's brothers and father, Datu Andal Ampatuan, were detained when Martial Law briefly took effect in Maguindanao as an aftermath of the 11/23 Massacre. Datu Zamzamin have helped tone down the tension by helping convince Datu Unsay to submit to due process of law. He also provided advise to government authorities on how to handle the post-massacre situation to ease the impact on the lives of ordinary people in Maguindanao.
Datu Zamzamin, a Civil Engineer by profession and the first Muslim Filipino who have attained the highest rank in the Philippine Civil Service, held various posts as Undersecretary. He once headed the premier national agency attending to Muslim Affairs where he gained prominence as a credible public servant and as a leader of Muslims in the Philippines.Datu Zamzamin became a cabinet member of President Gloria Arroyo being the Lead Convenor of the National Anti-Poverty Commission. He moved back to career positions such as Undersecretary of Agrarian Reform and Energy. In between, he was Chief Executive Officer of government corporations such as Southern Philippines Development Authority and the Strategic Investments Development Corporation.
Before joining national government, Datu Zamzamin served in international organizations. In 1998, he was Programme Manager of the United Nations Multi-Donor Programme for the Southern Philippines Zone of Peace and Development. Thereafter, he served as Training Expert for the post-conflict project of the International Labour Organization to help former combatants of the Moro National Liberation Front. He represented the Philippines at the UNESCAP Committee on Poverty where he served as Chair for a one year term. He have helped promote in Central Asian countries, the use of Community Based Monitoring System, a poverty tracking tool.
In the National Elections of 2010, Datu Zamzamin tried his luck in politics having accepted the nomination of a party list for indigenous peoples but the votes garnered is short of required minimum for a seat in the House of Representatives. He is now doing a basic role as Community Leader and Development Advocate for indigenous peoples in Mindanao. True to his Sufi roots, he is a self taught expert on Islamic Spirituality and Indigenous Muslim Traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="21573267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573267" title="List of Bengali films of 1933">
List of Bengali films of 1933

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="21573278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573278" title="Hiligaynon (magazine)">
Hiligaynon (magazine)

Hiligaynon is the leading Ilonggo weekly magazine published in the Philippines since 1934. It contains Ilonggo serialized novels, short stories, poetry, serialized comics, essays, news features, entertainment news and articles, and many others. Hiligaynon is the named after one of the most predominantly spoken language among Western Visayans. Hiligaynon closed during Martial law and resurrected in 1989.
Objective.
Hiligaynon Magazine aims to preserve the rich culture and literature, unique traditions and colorful festivities of the Ilonggo.
History.
The Hiligaynon magazine came out in 1934. It promotes Ilonggo culture and arts by printing articles in the native language, thus giving non-English Ilonggo readers a better understanding of their own heritage.
The birth of Hiligaynon Magazine was inspired by the successes of its sister-publications Liwayway Magazine, Bisaya Magazine and Bannawag founded by Don Ramon Roces of Ramon Roces Publishing, Inc who also handles the Manila Bulletin.
During the Second World War, the combined U.S. and Philippine Commonwealth military ground forces including the local Panay guerrilla resistance fighters was fought against the Japanese Imperial forces led by General Sosaku Suzuki during the Battle for the Liberation of Panay in Western Visayas included the three provinces of Antique (now, Aklan and Antique), Capiz and Iloilo in 1945.
It became an overnight sensation and later, its weekly circulation skyrocketed, reaching 60,000 in the early '60s.
The first editor in the early '30-s was Abe Gonzales, who was followed by Ulisis Vadlit in the early '40s. Later on, Francis Jamolangue became the third editor of Hiligaynon Magazine in 1966. Under Jamolangue, the staff were Gorgonio Lozarito as managing editor, Pet Vael Jr, Jan Marcella, Ernesto Javellana and Nerio Jedeliz, Jr.
Hans Menzi, a war veteran, had acquired Ramon Roces Publication and named it Liwayway Publishing, Inc.. Later on, Francis Jamolangue retired and Atty. Raymundo Defante, from Negros Occidental took the editorship. Then Pet Vael Jr. followed when Defante resigned.
However, for no apparent reason, Hiligaynon Magazine ceased publication in 1973,depriving the Ilonggo people of their cultural and entertainment magazine. At that time, circulation was at its peak, reaching 70,000 copies weekly - printed in full color. But after 20 years, Hiligaynon Magazine was then revived when Don Emilio Yap took ownership of Liwayway Publishing, Inc. The revival editor was Quin Baterna, followed by Gaudencio Golez.
At present, Nerio Jedeliz Jr. is at the helm.
Popular writer.
The birth of Hiligaynon Magazine paved way to discovering prolific Ilonggo writers like Conrado Norada, who later became governor of Iloilo, and Ramon Muzones, who also became an Iloilo city councilor. They wrote romantic novels and inspiring short stories.

</doc>
<doc id="21573287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573287" title="W.I.C.K.E.D.">
W.I.C.K.E.D.

W.I.C.K.E.D. (short for Wish I Could Kill Every Day) is the seventh studio album by American hip hop group Twiztid. Released on March 17, 2009, it is the group's highest charting album, peaking at #11 on the "Billboard" 200. The album is also the fourth-highest charting album in Psychopathic Records history, beaten only by Insane Clown Posse's "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers", "Bang! Pow! Boom!", and "The Mighty Death Pop!", all of which peaked at #4.
Production.
Soon after the album title was released, it was revealed in the new year's edition of the Weekly Freeekly Weekly that Eric Davie would be producing the album.
Release.
"W.I.C.K.E.D." was released in three different versions. Best Buy & iTunes sold an exclusive version with 3 additional tracks. Hot Topic sold a version with a comic based on the song "Bella Morte" included, and a third version sold at various music stores included an enhanced disk including music videos for the songs "Buckets of Blood" and "Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha". Psychopathic Records' store Hatchetgear will be selling all three versions, in addition to a standard version without any extras. All versions come with one of ten Psychopathic Records Trading Card. The album leaked two weeks prior to its release.
"W.I.C.K.E.D." was Twiztid's highest charting album, peaking at #11 on the "Billboard" 200, #4 on the Top Rap Albums chart, #1 on the Top Independent Albums chart and #1 on the Top Internet Albums chart. "W.I.C.K.E.D." is the third-highest charting album in Psychopathic Records history, after Insane Clown Posse's "The Amazing Jeckel Brothers" and "Bang! Pow! Boom!", both of which peaked at #4.
Reception.
Allmusic reviewer David Jeffries praised the album, writing "This is a serious step up from their previous album, the inconsistent "Independent's Day", and an obvious favorite for those who like their Psychopathic releases to be less street, more theatrical." horroryearbook reviewer Brain Hammer described it as Twiztid's best album, writing "It stands out to me as the most original record they have done, and it has the most horror influence too. Horror fans who have never checked out Twiztid in the past should give this record a spin."
Personnel.
Information taken from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="21573293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573293" title="Bagong Bayan, San Pablo">
Bagong Bayan, San Pablo

Barangay Bagong Bayan (also known as I-C) is an urban and one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the city proper from which Maharlika Highway runs along it.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21573317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573317" title="Miró Quartet">
Miró Quartet

The Miró Quartet is an internationally performing professional classical string quartet based in Austin, Texas. The group is the Quartet-in-Residence at the University of Texas and its members are on the faculty of the Butler School of Music. Its members are Daniel Ching, violin; William Fedkenheuer (formerly of the Borromeo String Quartet and Fry Street Quartet), second violin (replacing Sandy Yamamoto); John Largess, viola; and Joshua Gindele, cello.
The Quartet was founded in 1995 by four students at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music. In 1997, two members left the group and were replaced by two new members who have remained in the group until this day.
Within the first five years of its founding, it had won first prizes in all the competitions it entered, including the Fischoff National Chamber Music Competition (1996), the 6th Banff International String Quartet Competition (1998) and the Naumburg Chamber Music Award (2000). It was awarded Chamber Music America’s prestigious Cleveland Quartet Award in 2005 and was also the first ensemble to receive the Avery Fisher Career Grant in that same year.
The Miró Quartet regularly tours throughout North America, Asia, and Europe. It is a frequent performer in major American festivals such as the Santa Fe Chamber Music Festival, Chamber Music Northwest, La Jolla Summerfest and Orcas Island Chamber Music Festival. It has collaborated with noted musicians including Pinchas Zukerman, Joshua Bell, Midori, Leif Ove Andsnes, Jon Kimura Parker, Eliot Fisk among many others.
Its discography includes a recording of George Crumb's Black Angels which was awarded a Diapason d'Or award in 2004. The Quartet also recorded music of Felix Mendelssohn and Franz Schubert with cellist Matt Haimovitz in 2003, which later received a mention in "The New York Times" in February 2009. Their latest recording was released in 2005 of all six opus 18 quartets of Beethoven.

</doc>
<doc id="21573352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573352" title="UCL Centre for the History of Medicine">
UCL Centre for the History of Medicine

The UCL Centre for the History of Medicine (formerly the Wellcome Trust Centre for the History of Medicine) is an academic research and teaching centre for the history of medicine located in London, United Kingdom and a part of University College London (UCL). The Centre was founded in 1966 and received its primary funding from the Wellcome Trust until 2012. As of September 2012, it had four emeritus academic staff, six teaching staff, and associated staff in a number of other UCL departments.
The Centre is based in the UCL Medical Sciences Building in the main UCL campus on Gower Street in the Bloomsbury area of Central London, close to the British Library and University College Hospital.
History.
The Wellcome Trust funded the establishment of a History of Medicine department at UCL in 1966, headed by Edwin Clarke. In 1993 the Centre started running a series of witness seminars to record medicine's key events. In February 2010 the centre was the first history unit in the world to be nominated for centre collaborative status with the World Health Organization. In April 2010 it was announced that the Wellcome Trust would not be renewing its grant for the Centre, and that it would therefore be closing within two years.
On 15 March 2011 it was announced that the Centre would be relaunched as the UCL Centre for the History of Medicine for the 2011/2012 academic year. It was announced that the Centre would move from the Wellcome Building on Euston Road to UCL's Medical Sciences Building on Gower Street and that its research focus would now be the history of neurosciences and related fields.
Publications.
During its history the Centre has sponsored a number of publications:

</doc>
<doc id="21573362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573362" title="Saya Mochizuki">
Saya Mochizuki


</doc>
<doc id="21573363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573363" title="San Crispin, San Pablo">
San Crispin, San Pablo

Barangay San Crispin is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is located in the westernmost part of the city and bounded by the municipality of Calauan, Laguna on west, Brgy. Sta. Filomena on north, and the municipality of Alaminos, Laguna on south. It is noted in the city for its pineapple plantation.
Barangay Data.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21573379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573379" title="Fall in Love &amp; Songs">
Fall in Love &amp; Songs

Fall in Love & Songs () is the tenth studio album by Fish Leong. It was released on 16 January 2009 by Believe in Music and distributed by Universal Music Taiwan, and is Leong's first album released under a record label other than Rock Records. 
According Taiwan's G-Music chart the album is the fifth best selling album in Taiwan in 2009.
Album.
The album features "Don't Shed Any More Tears for Him" (Track 1), TTV idol drama "My Queen"'s theme song "There's No If" (Track 2), which is a Chinese translated version of Thelma Aoyama's Soba ni Iru ne, and TVBS drama "I Do?" theme song "Belonging to" (Track 9). Another highlight of this chart-topping album is PK (Track 4), a duet with fellow Malaysian singer-songwriter Gary Chaw. The limited deluxe edition of this album is packaged in a gift box and comes with four posters and a bonus CD featuring duets with Leo Ku, Crowd Lu, and Victor Huang.

</doc>
<doc id="21573399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573399" title="Zenith Insurance Company">
Zenith Insurance Company

Zenith Insurance Company. is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited.
The company is primarily engaged nationally in the workers' compensation insurance business and conducts business in 46 states and the District of Columbia through independent agencies and brokers. 
Zenith focuses on workplace safety and health, helping injured workers receive appropriate medical care, managing claim costs, returning employees to work, and fighting fraud and abuse. Its Agribusiness Solutions division offers property, auto, liability & umbrella insurance for California agricultural businesses.
In June 2014, A.M. Best Company affirmed Zenith's and its subsidiary, ZNAT Insurance Company's, rating of "A" (Excellent). 
History.
The company was established in 1949, and since 1971 it has slowly expanded across the nation until it conducted business in 46 of the 50 U.S states and the District of Columbia. Most of its business has come to be conducted through independent agencies. 
The company was listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ZNT until 2010 when Fairfax Financial purchased the company for $1.3 Billion.
Ratings.
A.M. Best: A (Excellent)<br>
S&P Financial: A- (Strong) <br>
Moody's Investors Service: A3 (Good)

</doc>
<doc id="21573402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573402" title="Office of National Narcotics Intelligence">
Office of National Narcotics Intelligence

The Office of National Narcotics Intelligence (ONNI) was a federal law enforcement agency under the Justice Department that dealt in analysis of illegal drugs and was tasked to develop a National Narcotics Intelligence System. It conducted analysis only and had no operational responsibilities. Liaison was conducted with CIA and NSA. ONNI was founded in August 1972 under order of President Richard M. Nixon. The agency was headed by former FBI Assistant to the Director (third position in FBI after Director and Deputy Director)William C. Sullivan until ONNI was consolidated into the newly created Drug Enforcement Administration in July 1973 (along with the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs, the Office of Drug Abuse Law Enforcement, some Customs officers. Waldo Dubberstein,who worked in ONNI's Analysis Division, had been head of all Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) analysis for the Middle East and South Asia, committed suicide in April 1983 after being indicted for selling classified DIA intelligence reports to Libya. 

</doc>
<doc id="21573416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573416" title="Butch Brickell">
Butch Brickell

William "Butch" Brickell (April 18, 1957 – October 13, 2003) was an American racing driver and stuntman from Miami, Florida. He was the great-grandson of Miami co-founder William Brickell.
Racing career.
As a racer, Brickell participated in the 24 Hours of Daytona, 12 Hours of Sebring and other sports car races numerous times. In 1996 he attempted to make his move into the new Indy Racing League but fractured his neck in practice prior to the first race at the 1996 Indy 200 at Walt Disney World. He attempted to recover from his injuries in order to return to the cockpit, but was not cleared to drive at either Phoenix or for the Indianapolis 500. Brickell placed Tyce Carlson in his car to attempt to make the Indy 500, but Carlson's speed was the slowest accepted qualifying attempt and he was the first car bumped from the field. Brickell eventually did recover and he returned to sports car racing where he was active until the early 2000s.
Stunt career.
Brickell got his start performing Hollywood stunts in 1993, first working in the "Mr. Nanny" and "The Specialist". He later worked in such notable films as "2 Fast 2 Furious", "True Lies" and "Bad Boys".
Brickell died in 2003 at the age of 46 from an undisclosed illness.

</doc>
<doc id="21573429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573429" title="Dickson Concepts">
Dickson Concepts

Dickson Concepts (International) Ltd. (ChT: 迪生創建(國際)有限公司) is a Bermuda domiciled company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It has held the distributorship of Polo and Ralph Lauren products in Asia for in excess of twenty years. The company is chaired and controlled by Dickson Poon, who is also the company's Executive Chairman.
History.
This is an eponymous company founded in year by Dickson Poon. 
In 1991, Harvey Nichols was acquired by the company from the Burton Group. 
In January 2005, the company announced the acquisition of Bertolucci SA, manufacturer and distributor of luxury Swiss watches
In mid-February 2009, the company announced the end of its 20-plus year distributorship for Polo Ralph Lauren products in Asia would end on 31 December 2009. The license is estimated by analysts to contribute 10 percent of its revenues.
Ownership.
Through trusts, Dickson Poon controls 40.13% of the voting capital of DCIL as at 31 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21573441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573441" title="Santa Catalina, San Pablo">
Santa Catalina, San Pablo

Barangay Santa Catalina (commonly known as Sandig) is one of the 80 barangays of San Pablo City. It is the northernmost barangay of the city and bounded by the municipality of Nagcarlan, Laguna on north, and Brgy. San Buenaventura and Brgy. San Lorenzo on south.
Landmarks.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="21573445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573445" title="Franz Studniczka">
Franz Studniczka

Franz Studniczka (14 August 1860 – 4 December 1929) was a German professor of classical archaeology born in Jasło, Galicia.
He studied classical archaeology in Vienna as a pupil of Otto Benndorf (1838–1907). In 1887 he received his habilitation in Vienna, and in 1889 became a professor at the University of Freiburg. In 1896 he was appointed professor of classical archaeology at the University of Leipzig, succeeding Johannes Overbeck (1826-1895), who died the previous November. At Leipzig, he was a member of the Saxon Academy of Sciences.
Studniczka was a leading authority on ancient Greek and Roman art/antiquities. At the Museum of Antiquities at Leipzig, he was responsible for expansion of its collection of casts of antique sculptures. It eventually became one of the largest and most impressive collection of casts in Germany. Also, he is credited for masterful restoration of the "Artemis-Iphigenie-Gruppe".

</doc>
<doc id="21573448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573448" title="List of J. Reuben Clark Law School alumni">
List of J. Reuben Clark Law School alumni

Notable alumni of the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="21573468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573468" title="Crackheads Gone Wild">
Crackheads Gone Wild

Crackheads Gone Wild is a 2006 documentary produced by Jarrod Donoman about cocaine users in Atlanta.
Production.
Crackheads Gone Wild is a documentary created by Daryl Smith about cocaine users in Atlanta.
Post release.
In an interview with "The Guardian" newspaper, Smith said he knew some of the people he filmed over a period of years and watched them slowly deteriorate. 'Many of these people are highly intelligent. I have footage of a lady who has a master's degree in education and used to work on Capitol Hill. She got hooked on drugs and now she's homeless. The point of the movie is: do not even try crack or this is what it will reduce you to. You will not have any control over your life and you will live and die for the drug.'
Smith later produced a sequel, Scared Straight.

</doc>
<doc id="21573477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573477" title="Junior Genius">
Junior Genius

Junior Genius is an edutainment reality television program aired on the Malayalam channel, Amrita TV, every Saturday and Sunday from 8.00 to 9.00 PM. The contestants are aged 12 to 15. The program has received mostly positive reviews, but some negative opinions regarding poor grooming of children and usage of language medium being mostly English also persist.
The producer and director of the show is Mr. Ramesh.
Judgment and contestants.
Contestants are from the age group of 12 to 15. All judgment is made on the basis of judges' discretion. SMS voting is not allowed. Arshad Muhammad was the Junior Genius of 2009.
Trivia.
According to polls conducted by a local Malayalam magazine, the most popular contestants of the show appear to be Hadi Nishad, Lekshmi SH and Namitha Krishnamurthy.

</doc>
<doc id="21573486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573486" title="Sigurdur Helgason (airline executive)">
Sigurdur Helgason (airline executive)

Sigurdur Helgason (July 20, 1921 – February 8, 2009) was an innovator in low-cost airlines.
Sigurdur Helgason is credited with pioneering the "hippie airline", Icelandair, that made low-cost air travel to Europe possible for generations of Americans 
Born July 20, 1921, in the Icelandic capital, Reykjavík, Sigurdur Helgason came to the United States in his 20s and graduated with a business degree from Columbia University in New York in 1947. He then returned to Iceland, where he managed a cement company.
In 1953, Helgason joined the board of what is now Icelandair, a small airline that had been formed by three pilots nine years earlier. At the time International Air Transport Association (IATA) controlled its members' fares. As a non-member, Icelandic (as the company was then known) was able to significantly undercut other transatlantic carriers' pricing, and it began service from New York to Luxembourg in 1955. According to Gudjon Arngrimsson, Icelandair's current Vice President for Corporate Communication, Helgason was a "very key player" in the strategy.
Helgason managed the American operations of the company from 1961 to 1973, at which point he returned to Reykjavík to become CEO of Icelandair. He stepped down as chief executive in 1984, assuming the position of chairman until retirement in 1991. He then lived In Iceland, Mustique, and New York. 
Helgason's main interest after retirement were fly fishing and the International House of New York. He leased many rivers across Iceland including the Hofsa. As part of the International House of New York he served on the board of directors, where he won the Harry Edmonds Award
Helgason died aged 87 in Mustique, the Grenadines, where he spent winters. Helgason was the first and only non-native to be buried on the island.
References.
http://www.ihouse-nyc.org/s/707/index.aspx?sid=707&gid=1&pgid=261

</doc>
<doc id="21573496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573496" title="Costa Mesa Speedway">
Costa Mesa Speedway

Costa Mesa Speedway in Costa Mesa, California USA is a major motorsports venue credited with the renaissance of motorcycle speedway racing in Southern California. The long track hosts both Solo and Sidecar speedway.
History.
In 1968, 1937 Speedway World Champion Jack Milne and motorcycle enthusiast Harry Oxley teamed up to promote motorcycle racing at the Orange County Fairgrounds (OC Fair & Event Center). Interest in motorcycle speedway racing was minimal for the first two years, but the sport soon enjoyed a rapid increase in popularity. 
When Costa Mesa Speedway opened its doors in the summer of 1969, it was at the height of the surfer craze in Southern California; skateboarding, BMX and motocross were becoming popular with the state's middle class. As such, races at the Costa Mesa Speedway became standing room only at the weekly events by 1971. Top riders including World Champions with 13 titles between them Ivan Mauger (6 times) and Barry Briggs (4 times) from New Zealand and Ole Olson (3 time WC) from Denmark soon made the trip over to challenge the new American speedway riders.
In 1981, Orange County native Bruce Penhall won his first Speedway World Championship, becoming the first American do to so since Jack Milne in 1937. Penhall would repeat as World Champion in 1982 when he won at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, the only time the World Final was ever held outside of England or Europe before the advent of the Speedway Grand Prix series in 1995. 
The popularity of the sport in North America peaked in the late 1970s and remained strong through the end of the century; it has waned somewhat since then. It has remained popular enough to spawn smaller tracks in California, among them tracks in Auburn, Industry and Victorville. European teams closely monitor the talent at these tracks and many riders are recruited by such teams. 
Costa Mesa Speedway has enjoyed a host of track announcers over the years including Bruce Flanders, current announcer Terry Clanton and Motorcycle Hall of Fame inductee Larry Huffman, well known in Southern California radio markets for his "high-powered" motorsports advertising.
Notable Costa Mesa Speedway Riders.
Past World Speedway Champions (American): <br>Jack Milne, Bruce Penhall, Sam Ermolenko, Billy Hamill, Greg Hancock
Other Notable American Speedway Riders: <br>Cordy Milne, Kelly Moran, Shawn Moran, Bobby Ott, Scott Autrey, Rick Woods, Mike Bast, Steve Bast, Sonny Nutter, Danny Becker, Scott Brant, Mark Cherry, Alan Christian, Bill Cody, John Cook, Mike Curoso, Dubb Ferrell, Jim Fishback, Billy Gray, Gary Hicks, Lance King, Josh Larsen, Steve Lucero, Rick Miller, Brad Oxley, Robert Pfetzing, Ron Preston, Denny Pyeatt, Jeff Sexton, Larry Shaw, Dennis Sigalos, Dave Sims, Scott Sivadge... just to name a few.
More Current 1st Division American Riders: <br>Bobby Schwartz, Charlie Venegas, Billy Janniro, Billy Hamill, Greg Hancock, Ryan Fisher, Ricky Wells, Mike Faria, Shawn McConnell, Jimmy Fishback, Eddie Castro, Chris Manchester, Buck Blair, Robbie Sauer, Neil Facchini, Dale Facchini, Brad Sauer, Mike Bloom, Bobby Krips, Tim Gomez 

</doc>
<doc id="21573527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573527" title="Berting Labra">
Berting Labra

Berting Labra (April 17, 1933 – February 10, 2009), born Roberto Labra, was a Filipino child star and veteran actor equally adept in comedy and drama, in action flicks and musicals.
Personal life and career.
Labra starred in "Apat Na Taga" in 1953. He was a child star who shared screen with Fernando Poe, Sr. in several hits, including "Palaboy ng Tadhana," "Sagur," "Kanto Boy," and "Alimudin."
He was only six years old when he made his stage debut. He was discovered by Poe Sr when he was looking for a child actor who could sing for the movie.
Labra also witnessed the murder of his father, Francisco Labra, former bantamweight and featherweight champion of the Orient, in the hands of Japanese soldiers. "He was tortured," Labra told the Inquirer in 2005 interview.
The elder Poe became the 10-year-old's foster father.
Five years after the elder Poe's death, Labra, then a teenage, teamed up with Fernando "Da King" Poe Jr. in the 1965 box-office hit "Lo' Waist Gang," a film that spawned a string of other movies and a lifelong friendship with Da King.
In 1969, Labra and fellow action star The Late Eddie Fernandez were jailed for murder. Labra spent 13 years in Muntinlupa, only to be exonerated by the Supreme Court.
Labra appeared in the 1991 action film "Manong Gang" with actor now Senator ramon 'Bong" revilla Jr Alongside Dina Bonevie as Bong Revilla's Leading Lady, and the late Actors Paquito Diaz and Max Alvarado. Labra's last film, the 2007 comedy "M.O.N.A.Y ni Mr. Shooli," co-starred actor Leo Martinez.
He appeared in supporting roles in soap operas and indie films in the Philippines.
Death.
Labra died last February 10, 2009 due to emphysema. He was 75 years old. Labra's remains were buried in the Garden of Memories in Pateros.
Filmography.
Labra won 2 FAMAS awards.

</doc>
<doc id="21573551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573551" title="Fluted Peak">
Fluted Peak

Fluted Peak may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21573556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573556" title="Military museum Lešany">
Military museum Lešany

The Military Technical Museum Lešany is a museum of military vehicles located in the Czech Republic about 20 kilometers south of Prague. Its exposition contains over 700 historic tanks, cannons, motorcycles, armored vehicles, trucks, military passenger vehicles, missile systems and other military equipment manufactured in the period from 1890 up to present.
History and presentation.
The Museum was established in 1996 in a former artillery barracks between the villages of Krhanice and Lešany, near Týnec nad Sázavou. The collections are presented in 9 small halls, 6 roofed areas and also in the open air. Since 2003, a so-called 'Tank Day' is held every year at the end of the season (usually end of August/beginning of September) in the area of the museum, where many of the tanks and other military vehicles from the museum's collection are presented in dynamic displays. The army of the Czech Republic participates in these events, therefore current military equipment of the Czech Army can also be seen on display. There are also events at the beginning of every season (in May) which are usually dedicated to other branches of ground equipment, like "Artillery day", "AAA day", "Tatra day", etc.
The Collection.
Pre-war time
Axis WWII
Allies WWII
Cold War: Warsaw Pact
Cold War: NATO
Modern

</doc>
<doc id="21573591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573591" title="Islamic geometric patterns">
Islamic geometric patterns

Islamic decoration makes great use of geometric patterns which have developed over the centuries. Many of these derived from various earlier cultures: Greek, Roman, Byzantine, Central Asian, and Persian. They are usually distinguished from the arabesque, the term for decoration in Islamic art based on curving and branching vegetal forms. But sometimes foliage and linear geometric patterns are combined in a single design, and some purely abstract linear patterns adopt designs that seem clearly derived from vegetal arabesque ones. The geometric designs have evolved into beautiful and highly complex patterns, still used in many modern day settings.
The square and rectangle play a significant role in Islamic architecture. Some of the reason for this is façades built from rectangular bricks. This ornamental brickwork casts shadows in the strong desert sunlight and creates a three-dimensional effect. A recurring motif is a small central square turned 45 degrees within a larger square. Another source for the square motif is woven baskets.
The Persianate world is the main area with buildings with decorative brickwork, especially during the Seljik period; the Great Mosque of Cordoba is another example further west. The eight-pointed star is another common motif in Islamic architecture, often found in tile-work and other media. Star patterns are extremely complex when the outer points are joined together and other intersections connect in a systematic way. The Alhambra palace in Granada, Spain is a famous example of repeating motifs which occur in the tile and stucco decoration. Octagons appear in Islamic architecture in various shapes. They frequently occur in marble floors. The Citadel of Aleppo in Syria contains marble "opus sectile" floors, which utilize the square and the eight-pointed star. Pierced screens ("jali" in India) are another common location for geometric decoration.
Significance in Islam.
The arabesques and geometric patterns of Islamic art are often said to arise from the Islamic view of the world. To Muslims, these forms, taken together, constitute an infinite pattern that extends beyond the visible material world. To many in the Islamic world, they concretely symbolize the infinite, and therefore uncentralized, nature of the creation of Allah and convey a spirituality without the figurative iconography of the art of other religions.
Mistakes in repetitions may be intentionally introduced as a show of humility by artists who believe only Allah can produce perfection, although this theory is disputed.
Repeating geometric forms are often accompanied by calligraphy. Ettinghausen et al. describe the arabesque as a "vegetal design consisting of full...and half palmettes an unending continuous pattern...in which each leaf grows out of the tip of another." To the adherents of Islam, the continuous patterns are symbolic of their united faith and the way in which traditional Islamic cultures view the world.
There are two modes to Islamic decoration. The first recalls the principles that govern the order of the world. These principles include the bare basics of what makes objects structurally sound and, by extension, beautiful (i.e. the angle and the fixed/static shapes that it creates—esp. the truss). In the first mode, each repeating geometric form has a built-in symbolism ascribed to it. For example, the square, with its four equilateral sides, is symbolic of the equally important elements of nature: earth, air, fire and water. Without any one of the four, the physical world, represented by a circle that inscribes the square, would collapse upon itself and cease to exist. The second mode is based upon the flowing nature of plant forms. This mode recalls the feminine nature of life giving. In addition, upon inspection of the many examples of Arabesque art, some would argue that there is in fact a third mode, the mode of Arabic calligraphy.
Instead of recalling something related to the 'True Reality' (the reality of the spiritual world), for the Muslim calligraphy is a visible expression of the highest art of all; the art of the spoken word (the transmittal of thoughts and of history). In Islam, the most important document to be transmitted orally is, of course, the Qur'an. Proverbs and complete passages from the Qur'an can be seen. The coming together of these three forms creates the totality of Islamic decoration, and this is a reflection of unity arising from diversity (a basic tenet of Islam).
The geometric patterns can also be equally thought of as both art and science, some say. The art is at the same time mathematically precise, aesthetically pleasing, and symbolic. So due to this duality of creation, they say, the artistic part of this equation can be further subdivided into both secular and religious artwork. However, for many Muslims there is no distinction; all forms of art, the natural world, mathematics and science are all creations of God and therefore are reflections of the same thing - that is, God's will expressed through His Creation. In other words, man can discover the geometric forms that constitute the design, but these forms always existed before as part of God's creation, as shown in this picture.
There is great similarity between artwork from very different geographic regions. In fact, the similarities are so pronounced, that it is sometimes difficult for experts to tell where a given piece comes from. The reason for this is the rapid communication of new styles within the Islamic world, especially in the early period, and that the science and mathematics that are used to construct geometric art are universal. Therefore, for most Muslims, the best art that can be created by man for use in the Mosque is art that displays the underlying order and unity of nature. The order and unity of the material world, they believe, is a mere ghostly approximation of the spiritual world, which for many Muslims is the place where the only true reality exists. Discovered geometric forms, therefore, exemplify this perfect reality because God's creation has been obscured by the sins of man.
Islamic Mathematics.
During the golden age of Islam, ancient texts on Greek and Hellenistic mathematics as well as Indian mathematics were translated into Arabic at the House of Wisdom, an academic research institution in Baghdad. The works of ancient scholars such as Plato, Euclid, Aryabhata and Brahmagupta were widely read among the literate and further advanced in order to solve mathematical problems which arose due to the Islamic requirements of determining the Qibla and times of salat and Ramadan. Plato's ideas about the existence of a separate reality that was perfect in form and function and crystalline in character, Euclidean geometry as expounded on by Al-Abbās ibn Said al-Jawharī (ca. 800-860) in his "Commentary on Euclid's Elements", the trigonometry of Aryabhata and Brahmagupta as elaborated on by the Persian mathematician Khwārizmī (ca. 780-850), and the development of spherical geometry by Abū al-Wafā' al-Būzjānī (940–998) and spherical trigonometry by Al-Jayyani (989-1079) for determining the Qibla and times of salat and Ramadan, all served as an impetus for geometric patterns in Islamic art.

</doc>
<doc id="21573607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573607" title="Bert Jepson">
Bert Jepson

Albert Edward Jepson was an English footballer who played as an outside right for Southampton and Brighton & Hove Albion in the 1920s and 1930s.
Football career.
Huddersfield Town.
Jepson was born in Glasshoughton, near Castleford in West Yorkshire and after leaving school worked in the coalmines, playing football with Frickley Colliery F.C. He was a late-comer to professional football and it was just after his 25th birthday that he was taken on by Huddersfield Town in May 1927. At that time Huddersfield were one of the top English football clubs, having won the Football League for three consecutive seasons in the mid-1920s, finishing as runners-up in 1926–27. With Scottish international Alex Jackson well-established at No. 7, Jepson had to content himself with a year in the reserves as Huddersfield again finished the season as League runners-up, coupled with a trip to Wembley for the 1928 FA Cup Final, where they were defeated 3–1 by Blackburn Rovers.
Southampton.
In August 1928, Jepson was one of seven new signings as Southampton's manager Arthur Chadwick started to re-build a side that had finished a disappointing 17th in the Second Division in the previous season. Jepson went straight into the first team, making his debut in the opening match of the 1928–29 season, a 2–2 draw at Hull City. Jepson was injured in that match, and had to sit out the next two matches, before settling in to the outside right position.
In December 1928, he lost his place to Bobby Weale, who had just been signed from Swindon Town for a then club record of £1,000 Jepson regained his place at the end of March, playing in five of the last seven matches of the season, scoring three goals, as the "Saints" improved their league performance with a fourth-place finish.
Weale was back in favour for the start of the 1929–30 season, but by mid-season his form had become erratic and Jepson was recalled to the side in March, playing in the last nine matches, scoring three goals which came in three successive matches in April. With Weale leaving The Dell in the summer of 1930, Jepson made the No. 7 shirt his own, missing only two matches during the 1930–31 season, in which the Saints finished in mid-table.
Jepson again started the following season on the right, scoring in the opening match of the season, but an injury in November put him out for several weeks, before returning for a further four games in January, when he was again injured. During his absences from the side, manager George Kay tried seven different players on the right wing, before Dick Neal was signed in February. Neal's arrival brought Jepson's career with Southampton to an end, and although he was happy to remain with the club, he was put on the transfer list at a fee of £500. With no offers at this fee, he was given a free transfer to Fulham in June 1932 (together with fellow forwards Bill Fraser and Arthur Haddleton) having made 95 appearances for the Saints, scoring 18 goals.
Later career.
At Fulham, he found his favoured place at outside right occupied by another international, Welshman Billy Richards, and spent a frustrating season in the reserves.
In May 1933, he returned to the south coast, joining Brighton & Hove Albion where he played two seasons in the Third Division South before retiring in 1935.
After retiring from football, he became the manager of the Belgravia Dairy in Brighton. During World War II, he guested for Port Vale and Swansea Town, and in 1948, now aged 45, he was granted a special permit to join Sussex League side Hove as their player-coach.

</doc>
<doc id="21573610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573610" title="Aldeanueva de Ebro">
Aldeanueva de Ebro

Aldeanueva de Ebro is a town in La Rioja (Spain) in the Alfaro Comarca, located 10 kilometers from Calahorra and 59 from Logroño. It has 2,774 inhabitants and is 39 km² in area.
Its origin dates from the 11th century, when it was founded by shepherds from Tierra de Cameros and Calahorra after its reconquest by García Sánchez III of Navarre in 1045. It was part of the town of Calahorra until it became independent in 1664, under the reign of Philip IV by means of a considerable sum of money lent by the friars of Fitero, whose monastery maintained bonds. After many lawsuits what was from then called Arnedo de Ebro passed into the hands of Manuel Íñiguez de Arnedo.
Curiosities.
The town is popularly known as the town of three lies, because "It's not a town, it's not new, and the Ebro doesn't pass by (though the river does pass by the north of the town). The residents of the town add more lies to this curiosity, for example: "Calle del Sol Street gives shade."

</doc>
<doc id="21573614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573614" title="Christakis">
Christakis

Christakis is a name of Greek origin and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21573619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573619" title="S1 No. 1 Style">
S1 No. 1 Style

Company Information.
S1 is one of the many affiliated companies in the giant Hokuto Corporation group. Hokuto distributes the studio's videos via retail sales and online through its DMM website. The Public Relations representative for the studio is Megumi Yamane (山根愛美).
The studio's website, s1s1s1.com, has been online since June 30, 2004 and their first videos were released in November 2004 starring AV Idols Sora Aoi and Alice Ogura along with the simultaneous debut of eight new actresses: MEW, Mami Hayasaki, Kaya Yonekura, Chihiro Hara, Kanan Kawai, Akane Mochida, Rin Hino and Misato Shiraishi. All Japanese adult videos are censored by applying a mosaic over the genital areas but in late 2004, S1 was the first company to replace the old analog mosaics with a new thinner digital mosaic they named .
In celebration of its 5th anniversary, S1 organized a special puroresu event with All Japan Pro Wrestling, which was held on January 22, 2010 at Korakuen Hall. The main bout of the event, named the "Akiho Yoshizawa Cup" after the popular idol of the studio, featured several prominent wrestlers such as Keiji Mutoh, Masakatsu Funaki, TARU, and Ryota Hama.
S1 began producing videos in Blu-ray format as early as September 2009 with "The Raped Female Teacher 2" starring Akiho Yoshizawa. By late 2011, the S1 catalog of Blu-ray releases numbered 53 videos. S1 became the first Japanese AV studio to produce works in 3D format in June 2010. The first, "3D x Mika Kayama", starring Mika Kayama, was released on June 7 and the second, "3D x Yuma Asami", starring Yuma Asami, came out on June 19. Shooting in 3D was a new experience for the studio and required actors to move more slowly and new lighting arrangements. Production took three months, about three times longer than the usual AV. The release of the 3D videos coincided with the introduction of 3D televisions by Sony and Panasonic and the titles were expected to boost sales of the new TVs. S1 and other AV studios were also looking for a way to increase lagging sales and intended to produce several more 3D titles for 2010.
Videos and codes.
S1 released its first 11 videos on November 11, 2004 labeled with the production codes ONED-001 to ONED-011. The company continued using the ONED series of production codes, releasing as many as 30-40 videos per month, until ONED-999 appeared on June 19, 2008 when it switched to a new code series starting with SOE-001. Compilation videos which re-mix previously released material use production codes of the type starting with ONSD-001. In addition, S1 videos intended "for rental only" carry different codes. Original videos are labeled 5ONE-xxx or 5SOE-xxx and compilation videos follow the scheme 5ONS-xxx, where the "xxx" portion corresponds to the 3 digits of the same "for sale" videos.
Popularity and awards.
Their combination of top actresses, the thin digital censorship mosaic, high production values, and a softer "glamour" approach to porn have made S1 into one of the most popular and best-selling brands in Japanese AV. In the 2006 and 2007 AV Open contests based on video sales, the S1 entry took the First Place Award in both years. The S1 nominated video in the 2008 AV Grand Prix (based on sales and fan votes), won the GrandPrix Stage Highest Award and also the award for Best Package Design as well as the Press Award and the Dealer Award. At the 2007 Vegas Night awards, the S1 video "Hyper-Risky Mosaic Mihiro" won for Best Title and the top 4 places in the Best Actress category were taken by S1 actresses with Akiho Yoshizawa taking 1st Place. The studio also dominated the 2009 AV GrandPrix Awards winning the top GrandPrix Award in addition to taking the DVD Sales Award, the Retailers Award, Best Package Design Award, and the Best Featured Actress Video Award for "Double Risky Mosaic, Rio & Yuma".
Directors.
Directors who have worked at S1 since November 2004 include:
Actresses.
Since its foundation, the S1 studio has been known for having some of the best known and most popular actresses in Japanese AV:
Series.
A selected list of some of the longest-running and most popular of the nearly 100 S1 video series:

</doc>
<doc id="21573636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573636" title="Bromst">
Bromst

Bromst is an album by the American electronic musician Dan Deacon.
Production and background.
According to Deacon: ""Spiderman of the Rings" was very carefree and youthful – sort of partying for the sake of partying. This record is less about a party and more about a celebration." In an interview broadcast on NPR's Talk of the Nation on April 22, 2009, Deacon stated that the word 'Bromst' had no meaning other than being the title of the album.
Recording process.
While many of the sounds in "Bromst" are computer generated, much of it was recorded using live instruments. The album was produced by Chester Gwazda and tracked mainly in Baltimore and was mixed at SnowGhost Studio in Whitefish Montana.
For a few of the tracks on "Bromst", Deacon uses a player piano. The piano had to be re-wired so that each line was tracked individually, so the piano could keep up with what Deacon composed, which engineer Brett Allen claims to be impossibly fast to play on one piano.
Personnel.
Ensemble.
On December 11, 2008, Deacon performed many of the songs from "Bromst" with an ensemble of live performers at the Masonic Temple in Brooklyn, New York.
The lineup of the ensemble was:
Percussion:
Synthesizers, keyboards, and electronics:
Guitars:
Deacon embarked on a North American tour in the spring of 2009 where he performed with a 14-piece band, similar to the one above.

</doc>
<doc id="21573651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573651" title="Shadow Cabinet of Alexander Downer">
Shadow Cabinet of Alexander Downer

The Downer shadow ministry was a Shadow Cabinet led by the Opposition Leader and leader of the Liberal Party of Australia, Alexander Downer, in the Parliament of Australia between 23 May 1994 and 30 January 1995. While serving no formal status—only the Leader and Deputy Leader received remuneration for their role over and above that of a Member of Parliament—it was intended to improve the effectiveness of the Opposition by providing an alternative Ministry to voters, consisting of shadow ministers who could ask role-specific questions in parliament, provide comment to the media and offer alternative policies to the government in their areas of responsibility.
The governing ministry at the time was the Second Keating Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="21573654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573654" title="Ariella Vaccarino">
Ariella Vaccarino

Ariella Vaccarino, Los Angeles, is an American singer, songwriter and singing teacher best known as for her roles on stage: La Boheme, The Wiz and Once Upon a Mattress, and on film: Nightmare on Elm Street VII, and Jackson.
Stage career.
Ariella Vaccarino has been in the following stage productions:
Film career.
Ariella Vaccarino has been in the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="21573676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573676" title="Baseball Dynasties">
Baseball Dynasties

Baseball Dynasties: The Greatest Teams of All Time is a non-fiction baseball book, co-written by Rob Neyer and Eddie Epstein. It was published in April 2000 by Norton, W. W. & Company, Inc.
Contents.
25 different MLB "dynasties" (defined as teams with exceptional three-year runs) are profiled in separate chapters, all with league records, written accounts of the season, and other related baseball facts in sidebars.
At the end, the clubs are ranked, and a conclusion is reached that the 1939 New York Yankees are the greatest team of all time.
The two authors acknowledged that their work is heavily influenced by baseball statistician Bill James.

</doc>
<doc id="21573689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573689" title="Leisurecorp">
Leisurecorp

Leisurecorp, formerly Istithmar Leisure, is a subsidiary of Dubai World, established in 2006, that invests in sports and leisure facilities, with golf being a particular focus.
Among the sites owned by Leisurecorp are PGA European Tour venues Pearl Valley Golf Estates in South Africa, and Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai. In October 2008, it completed acquisition of the Turnberry Resort in Scotland, venue for the 2009 Open Championship. Leisurecorp also has major shareholdings in Island Global Yachting, Troon Golf, GPS Industries, and Snowmass, Colorado.
In November 2007, Leisurecorp agreed a major partnership deal with the PGA European Tour. The highlight of the deal saw the creation of the season ending Dubai World Championship, held annually on the Earth Course at Jumeirah Golf Estates. The US$10 million prize fund makes it the world’s richest golf tournament. In addition, the European Tour Order of Merit was rebranded as the Race to Dubai, with an additional US$10 million bonus fund, and the top 60 players qualifying for the season finale.
The PGA European Tour’s International Headquarters were also moved to Jumeirah Golf Estates in 2009, and from the 2010 season, the European Tour schedule will open and close at Leisurecorp venues, starting with the South African Open at Pearl Valley and finishing with the Dubai World Championship. There are also plans for the European Open, a regular tour event, to be moved and make Turnberry its permanent home, although there are reports that this could affect the venues place on the Open Championship rota.
Having developed this close relationship with the PGA European Tour, Leisurecorp hopes that in the future it may be able to stage the Ryder Cup in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="21573690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573690" title="List of Bengali films of 1934">
List of Bengali films of 1934

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="21573715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573715" title="Snow Mountain Garlic">
Snow Mountain Garlic

Snow Mountain Garlic (commonly known as Kashmiri Garlic) is a variety of garlic found in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="21573718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573718" title="HyperNEAT">
HyperNEAT

Hypercube-based NEAT, or HyperNEAT, is a generative encoding that evolves artificial neural networks (ANNs) with the principles of the widely used NeuroEvolution of Augmented Topologies (NEAT) algorithm. It is a novel technique for evolving large-scale neural networks utilizing the geometric regularities of the task domain. It uses Compositional Pattern Producing Networks (CPPNs), which are used to generate the images for Picbreeder.org and shapes for EndlessForms.com. HyperNEAT has recently been extended to also evolve plastic ANNs and to evolve the location of every neuron in the network.

</doc>
<doc id="21573723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573723" title="Argye M. Briggs">
Argye M. Briggs

Argye Mary Briggs was an author who wrote about the lives of ordinary people in the prairies of the American Midwest.

</doc>
<doc id="21573728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573728" title="Kalokairino Randevou me ton Saki Tour">
Kalokairino Randevou me ton Saki Tour

The Kalokairino Randevou me ton Saki tour (Greek: Καλοκαιρινό Ραντεβού με τον Σάκη; English: Summer Fling with Sakis) was a small-scale Greek and Cypriot tour performed by Greek pop-rock musician Sakis Rouvas following his large-scale "North American & Australian Tour" with Antonis Remos.
Background information.
Since moving to Los Angeles in 2005, Rouvas Greek performances had been less regular. The previous year Rouvas had conducted a large tour across Greece for charity due to the 2007 Greek forest fires, however, this was his first personal tour in two years. Rouvas had previously stated that he was starring in his first American film production, the filming had wrapped up so Rouvas was able to do performances in Thessaloniki with Peggy Zina at "Politia" after returning from the United States. While he was recording his new album, he conducted a three-stop summer tour for promotion of its future release. Rouvas opted to perform only three stops to the largest summer destinations. One reason for the lack of performance in Thessaloniki may have been that he had already been performing there regularly since May.
Set list.
The set list was similar to the ones of both the "North American & Australian Tour" and the "Fire Victims Benefit Tour", with the addition of his newest hit "+ Se Thelo", which remained at number 1 on the Greek Airplay Chart for 10 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="21573743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573743" title="Media Information and Communication Centre of India">
Media Information and Communication Centre of India

Media Information and Communication Centre of India (MICCI) is a non-profit registered trust created by leading academicians, journalists and social activists. Nandini Sahai, a distinguished development journalist with more than 30 years of experience is the founding Director of MICCI. MICCI uses media for social development by organising a series of seminars, workshops and training programmes on contemporary issues like RTI, Community Radio, Rural Journalism, Media Ethics and problems faced by women journalists. It also publishes books and research material.

</doc>
<doc id="21573744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573744" title="Feline cystitis">
Feline cystitis

Feline cystitis is associated with feline urological syndrome, feline lower urinary tract disease, and feline idiopathic cystitis. Feline cystitis means "inflammation of the bladder". The term "idiopathic" translates to unknown aetiology (causation). This is because the direct cause of feline cystitis is unknown; however, certain behaviors have been known to aid the illness once it has been initiated. It can affect both males and females of any breed of cat. It is more commonly found in females cats; however, when males do exhibit cystitis, is it usually more dangerous.
A common nickname for this type of illness is "crystals". This is because tiny crystal or sand like particles form within the urine. This can be treated. If this illness trails on too long then the cat's life may be at risk.
Pathophysiology.
Feline cystitis blocks a cat’s urinary tract. This blockage can be from a bladder stone or a build up of crystals, which are bacterial build up in the form of sand. These crystals lead to an obstruction causing stagnant urine to evolve in their bodies. The urine will eventually build up to a point where it can harm the kidneys. If the buildup goes on for a long period of time the cat’s kidneys may fail. Stagnant urine will also create a perfect atmosphere for bacteria to build up even faster. The main reason as to why feline cystitis is more dangerous in male cats is because their urethra is much narrower than females. Therefore, when a build up occurs in their system, time is not on their side. Females do not commonly experience a complete obstruction due to their wide urethra.
Cause.
The direct cause of feline cystitis is unknown. Research is still being pursued for the causes of cystitis in cats; however, they have found many correlations. Cats who are neutered or spayed too early have experienced a higher incidence of feline cystitis. Too much dry cat food can aggravate the cystitis once it has already occurred in a feline. Not changing a cat's litter box daily may aid in the bacteria buildup in their systems. These correlations do not initiate feline cystitis, however, they do worsen the illness once it does occur.
Factors that may be associated with an increased likelihood of developing feline cystitis include:
Treatment.
The veterinarian may use a urine sample from the cat to carry out urinalysis tests. An appropriate antibiotic may be given. Within a week the cat should be doing much better. However, feline cystitis is commonly known to reoccur, therefore precautions should be taken. Prescription diet cat food may be recommended by your veterinarian to ensure that it does not reoccur. An antibiotic may prevent some but not all cases.
Some cats may have a complete obstruction. In these cases, a perineal urethrostomy is in order. Through this procedure, the veterinarian will remove the narrow part of the urethra which is the usual site of the obstruction. This surgery will make the cat more prone to bacterial bladder infections as well as bladder stones. Therefore it should only be considered if all other means of prevention and treatment are unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="21573750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573750" title="2009 Tour de Langkawi">
2009 Tour de Langkawi

The 2009 Tour de Langkawi was the 14th edition of the Tour de Langkawi, a cycling stage race that took place in Malaysia. The race began on 9 February in Putrajaya and ended on 15 February in Dataran Merdeka, Kuala Lumpur. In fact this race was sanctioned by the International Cycling Union (UCI) as a 2.HC (hors category) race on the 2008–09 UCI Asia Tour calendar.
Colombian cyclist, José Serpa emerged as the winner of the race, followed by David Jai Crawford second and Jackson Rodriguez third. Mattia Gavazzi won the points classification category and José Serpa won the mountains classification category. won the team classification category.
Teams.
20 teams accepted invitations to participate in the 2009 Tour de Langkawi. 
‡: National teams
Stages.
The cyclists competed in 7 stages, covering a distance of 1031.7 kilometres.

</doc>
<doc id="21573761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573761" title="Andrew Restrepo">
Andrew Restrepo

Andrew Restrepo (born October 8, 1970 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a retired American soccer defender who played one season with the MetroStars in Major League Soccer.
Restrepo played soccer at the University of South Florida in 1991 and 1992. In 1993, Restrepo signed with the Orlando Lions in the USISL. He remained with the Lions through the 1994 season. In the spring of 1995, he signed with the Tampa Bay Cyclones. He then moved to Colombia in the fall of 1995 where he played for Condor and then Club Santa Fe. In February 1996, the MetroStars selected Restreppo in the 13th round (129th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played five games for the MetroStars before being waived. On April 22, 1997, he signed with the New Orleans Riverboat Gamblers. In 1998, the Gamblers became known as the New Orleans Storm. Restrepo remained with the team through the 1998 seasons. In 1999, Restrepo moved to the Rochester Rhinos. On June 12, 2001, the Rhinos sent Restrepo to the Atlanta Silverbacks as part of a three way deal which sent Steve Armas to the Minnesota Thunder and Stoian Mladenov to the Rhinos. He finished the season in Atlanta, playing 15 games. In 2008, he played for the Clearwater Galactics in the 2008 U.S. Open Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="21573765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573765" title="Karen Doggenweiler">
Karen Doggenweiler

Karen Sylvia Doggenweiler Lapuente (born August 27, 1969 in Puerto Varas) is a popular Chilean journalist and TV presenter.
Doggenweiler is the daughter of Félix Doggenweiler Heim, of Swiss-German descent and Silvia Lapuente, of Spanish-Aragonese descent. She is married to the Chilean politician Marco Enríquez-Ominami. The marriage produced a child named Manuela. Karen started her TV career as the hostess of a morning show along Felipe Camiroaga in Televisión Nacional de Chile. 
In 2007, Doggenweiler hosted the show "El Baile en TVN" with Rafael Araneda. On January 2 of 2008, Félix Doggenweiler, Karen's father, died due to a cancer. Days after she started a new TV show, "La Familia del Último Pasajero" and later "Estrellas en el Hielo". In summer 2009, Karen Doggenweiler hosted "Calle 7" with Martín Cárcamo and "Todos a Coro". At the time she had been co-hosting the reality show Pelotón III with Rafael Araneda on TVN.
Filmography.
TV shows.
TVN

</doc>
<doc id="21573844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573844" title="KARST">
KARST

Kilometer-square Area Radio Synthesis Telescope (KARST) is a Chinese telescope project to which FAST is a forerunner. KARST is a set of large spherical reflectors build on bowlshaped limestone sinkholes, in a karst landform in China. It will consist of about 30 individual elements, each about 200 meters in diameter. A site survey of 288 suitable locations was performed in Pingtang county, Guizhou province, and optimal sites will be chosen with an eye towards signal performance.

</doc>
<doc id="21573852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573852" title="Edward Dering">
Edward Dering

Edward Dering can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21573863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573863" title="1923 Akron Pros season">
1923 Akron Pros season

The 1923 Akron Pros season was their fourth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 3–5–2, winning only one game. They tied for sixteenth place in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21573874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573874" title="James W. Drum">
James W. Drum

James W. Drum was an American architect practicing from Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania who designed the main building, now John Sutton Hall, of the Indiana Normal School, now Indiana University of Pennsylvania, in Indiana, Pennsylvania. He also designed several county courthouses: the original Indiana County Courthouse, in what he termed the "Modern Renaissance" style, and the Jefferson County Courthouse in Brookville, both in 1869, 
His St. Bernard's Roman Catholic Church is also in Indiana, Pennsylvania, where Drum designed the Wilson, Sutton & Company Store on Philadelphia Street, and the First Methodist Episcopal Church at the comer of South Seventh Street and Church Street.
Sutton Hall, the Courthose and the former St. Bernard's Church are all on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="21573879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573879" title="Gilbert Dupre">
Gilbert Dupre

Gilbet Dupre was a Louisiana State Representative of Opelousas. Dupre is known for being an opponent of Louisiana Governor Huey Long and specifically of the new Louisiana State Capitol that Long was trying to get approved. At the time of Huey Long's senatorship Dupre was an elderly deaf man and when Dupre stood out against the creation of the new capitol building Huey Long had a hole drilled in the roof directly above Dupre's office in the Old Louisiana State Capitol as punishment for Dupre's opposition. Unfortunately it tends to rain a lot in Baton Rouge especially when Congress is in session. By December 1931 Dupre had finally aligned himself with Long and had to speak out against an opponent of Long's named Dudley Leblanc in the Louisiana Progress.

</doc>
<doc id="21573880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573880" title="Jira (given name)">
Jira (given name)

Jira is a Thai given name. Notable people bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="21573881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573881" title="Jira (surname)">
Jira (surname)

Jira is a middle-European surname.
People bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="21573893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573893" title="SS Empire Balham">
SS Empire Balham

Empire Balham was a 1,061 ton cargo ship which was built by G Brown & Co (Marine) Ltd, Greenock in 1944 for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). She was sold to Queenship Navigation Ltd in 1946 and renamed Nordic Queen. In 1958 she was sold to the Maldavian National Shipping Corp (Ceylon) Ltd and renamed Maldive Star, serving for a further fourteen years until scrapped in 1967.
History.
"Empire Balham" was built by G Brown & Co (Marine) Ltd, Greenock as yard number 232. She was launched on 18 November 1944 and completed in December 1944. She was initially operated under the management of British Channel Islands Shipping Co Ltd.
War service.
"Empire Balham" was a member of a number of convoys during the Second World War
Convoy COC 173 sailed from Falmouth, on 22 May 1945 and arrived at Granville, Manche on 23 May.
Postwar.
In 1946, "Empire Balham" was sold to Queenship Navigation Ltd, London and renamed "Nordic Queen". In 1958, "Nordic Queen" was sold to the Maldavian National Shipping Corp (Ceylon) Ltd, and renamed "Maldive Star". In June 1959, Ceylon sent a shipment of arms to the Maldives. Ibrahim Nasir led an expedition of hundreds of armed men aboard the "Maldive Star" to the Fua Mulaku and Huvadhu Atolls during the Suvadive Rebellion of 1963. "Maldive Star" served with Maldavian National for fourteen years. "Maldive Star" was scrapped in December 1972 at Gadani Beach, Karachi, Pakistan.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Balham" and "Nordic Queen" had the UK Official Number 169522. "Empire Balham" used the Code Letters GDTL.

</doc>
<doc id="21573896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573896" title="Orono Wor Petchpun">
Orono Wor Petchpun

Orono Wor Petchpun (Thai: โอโรโน่ ว.เพชรพูล, born August 22, 1978) is a Thai super featherweight kickboxer and bantamweight mixed martial artist fighting out of Wor Petchpun Gym in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand. He is former Lumpinee Stadium champion and three time champion of Thailand. He is the current It's Showtime 65MAX World champion and is based in Singapore where he is a member of the Evolve Mixed Martial Arts fight team.
Biography and career.
Orono started out Muay thai at the age of 15, a fairly late age to start fighting in Thailand. A year later he had his first fight in Bangkok. In 2001 he won the WMC World Muaythai (122 lb) title against Petchek Sor Suwannapakdee.
Formerly fighting under the name Orono Majestic gym (โอโรโน่ มาเจสติกยิม), Orono has mixed it up with many of the top names in muay thai. He holds two KO wins over The Contender Asia champion Yodsaenklai Fairtex, two decisions over K-1 MAX champion Buakaw Por. Pramuk and Saenchai Sor Kingstar. After fighting all the big names in Thailand at his weight class, Orono made his international debut in 2007 at the SLAMM "Nederland vs Thailand III" event against William Diender.
In March 2012, Orono announced his intention to compete in mixed martial arts.

</doc>
<doc id="21573898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573898" title="Cassandra Freedman">
Cassandra Freedman

Cassandra "Cass" Freedman (née Noble) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Tottie Goldsmith. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 10 February 2009. Goldsmith did not have to audition for the role of Cassandra and was instead chosen by the producers for the role. The actress began filming her first scenes at the end of September 2008. She was initially contracted for six weeks, but this was extended after she impressed the producers with her performance. Goldsmith filmed her final scenes in January 2009 and Cassandra's departure was aired on 29 April 2009.
Cassandra is the ex-wife of Matt Freedman (Benjamin Mitchell) and mother of Donna (Margot Robbie), Tegan (Chelsea Jones) and Simon Freedman (Mauricio Merino, Jr.). Goldsmith described Cassandra as a troublemaker, a femme fatale and insanely selfish, while Digital Spy's Darren Rowe called her "seductive and troublesome". Rather than being their parent, Cassandra acts like a jealous sister towards her children and Goldsmith revealed that she is not a maternal person. She had Donna when she was young and often resented her, while Tegan was her partner in crime. Cassandra moves to Ramsay Street to find herself a wealthy man and sets her sights on Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis).
Casting.
On 7 September 2008, Fiona Byrne from the "Herald Sun" revealed that Goldsmith had been cast as Cassandra Freedman, mother of Donna Freedman played by Margot Robbie. The actress stated "I have been cast as a bit of a yummy mummy, which is great because I am 46 and I am a mother and I love that I am getting a meaty role instead of being cast as a plain old boring mum." Goldsmith did not have to audition for the role, instead she was specifically chosen for it by the "Neighbours" producers'. She explained "They actually offered me the role - it was not an audition situation. It was lovely to be asked and that they think I can nail this character." Goldsmith was initially contracted to the show for six weeks and she began filming her first scenes at the end of the month. She made her first screen appearance as Cassandra on 10 February 2009.
In November, Byrne announced that the "Neighbours" producers had been so impressed with Goldsmith's performance as Cassandra, that they extended her contract with the show by a further six weeks. Goldsmith commented that she was "so happy" to be working on "Neighbours". The actress completed filming on her three month stint in January 2009. Goldsmith told Byrne's colleague, Luke Dennehy, that working on the serial had helped distract her from the breakdown of a relationship. She also stated that she had had "the time of her life", never guessing that she would have loved it so much. Goldsmith made her final appearance as Cassandra on 29 April 2009.
Development.
Characterisation.
Shortly before making her first screen appearance, Goldsmith revealed that she accepted the role of Cassandra because she thought "the character sounded really quirky and out-there and it seemed like lots of fun." The actress called Cassandra "pretty fun" and "a risk taker". She thought she might be classified as a troublemaker and a femme fatale, before revealing that there would be some comedy in the role too. Darren Rowe from Digital Spy described Cassandra as "seductive and troublesome", while a writer for Yahoo!7 called her a cougar. Goldsmith later branded her character "a real piece of work", before adding "Cassandra's a vixen, she's manipulative, she's vulnerable. She only sees the world through her eyes, and what she can get from every situation. She's insanely selfish... but so much fun!" 
A "Sunday Mercury" reporter thought Cassandra was "glamorous" and "not exactly a woman in need". Goldsmith said that Cassandra's flair for the dramatic earned her a mixed response from the neighbours, who she found to be boring. The actress added that Cassandra was ready to "spice things up" around the place. When asked by a "TV Week" columnist if Cassandra had "a fabulous and rather naughty wardrobe", Goldsmith replied that while it is not really naughty, Cassandra does tend to dress like she would have done when she was in her twenties. She often wears a lot of revealing outfits, which do not "leave a lot of room for loose change."
Family.
Cassandra is the mother of Donna, Tegan (Chelsea Jones) and Simon Freedman (Mauricio Merino, Jr.). When she arrived in Ramsay Street she was going through a "nightmare divorce" with Matt Freedman (Benjamin Mitchell). A Holy Soap writer stated that Cassandra acted like "a jealous big sister" towards her children, rather than being their parent. Goldsmith elaborated on this further during an interview with "Inside Soap's" Jason Herbison, saying that "Sass isn't a maternal person and has never been able to connect with her kids". She explained that Cassandra was very young when she had Donna and did not have the maturity to deal with motherhood. She often resented Donna and eventually saw her as a threat. Over the years, Cassandra has hurt Donna so much that her daughter has "almost become immune" to her mother's behaviour. Goldsmith noted that Tegan, Cassandra's youngest daughter, is her partner in crime.
Paul Robinson.
Goldsmith explained to Herbison that Cassandra chose to move to Ramsay Street after learning that there was a Salvation Army house for families in need available. She believed that her family fit the bill. However, the real reason she came to town was to find herself a man and she set her sights on wealthy resident, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis). Cassandra used her "feminine wiles" to make him fall for her. When Paul's former girlfriend, Rebecca Napier (Jane Hall), played an April Fool's Day prank on her, Cassandra vowed revenge and framed her rival for selling alcohol to minors. However, Cassandra underestimated Paul's loyalty to Rebecca and decided to get revenge on him too, by accusing him of stalking her. The neighbours were left unsure as to whether Paul was guilty or not when Cassandra filed a harassment charge with the police. Rebecca defended him and Donna decided to try and find out the truth by moving in with her mother. Cassandra's lie was eventually exposed and she was "forced to make a grovelling apology."
Storylines.
Cassandra arrives in Erinsborough and goes to Charlie's bar, where she bumps into Paul Robinson, who mistakes her for a prostitute. Cassandra tells him that she is a receptionist, but that does not mean she has to dress like one. She then heads to Ramsay Street, to move into the Salvation Army owned refuge at Number 24. Cassandra's daughter, Donna, is shocked to see her mother. and begs her not to ruin anything for her, as she has grown fond of the neighbours. Cassandra follows Donna back to her house and runs into Paul again. She allows her daughter to stay where she is, but vows that they will sort their issues out. It is soon revealed that Cassandra had sent her youngest children, Tegan and Simon, ahead to check out the residents of Ramsay Street. When she spots Paul on the street, Cassandra deliberately traps her dress in her car door and then strips to her underwear. She later kisses Paul, who allows himself to be seduced by her. Cassandra tries unsuccessfully to get Paul to give her an advertising sales job at his newspaper, but she finds herself a job at the hospital as a receptionist. 
Cassandra sees Paul's friend, Samantha Fitzgerald (Simone Buchanan), as a threat and decides to read her hospital file. She learns that Sam has bipolar disorder and decides to confront her, but Sam blurts out that she had no idea that her ex-husband was not the father of her baby. Sam realises her mistake too late and Cassandra uses the information to blackmail her. Cassandra tells Sam to talk to Donna and convince her to give her mother a chance. When Donna has an argument with her boyfriend, Ringo Brown (Sam Clark), Cassandra invites him to stay the night with her. Donna becomes upset with her mother and when she realises that Paul and Sam are on her side, Donna is forced to move in with her family. Cassandra arranges a date with Paul, but she is furious when he stands her up. She argues with Sam and accidentally reveals the truth about her baby to Stephanie Scully (Carla Bonner), leaving her without a reason to blackmail her anymore. Cassandra later learns that Simon glued Paul's doors shut to stop him going on the date and potentially breaking her heart. 
Cassandra gets herself invited to Libby Kennedy (Kym Valentine) and Daniel Fitzgerald's (Brett Tucker) wedding, knowing that Paul will be there. She steals the wedding outfits from the dry cleaners and then offers to help make some new dresses. During the reception, Paul's daughter, Elle (Pippa Black), locks Cassandra in a storeroom to give Paul some time with Rebecca Napier. Believing that Paul is slipping away from her, Cassandra calls Rebecca's ex-boyfriend, Andrew Simpson (Peter Flanigan), and tells him how much Rebecca misses him. Andrew and Rebecca get back together, while Cassandra comforts Paul. She begins causing problems for her children, especially Tegan. Cassandra encourages her daughter to shorten her school skirt to attract the boys, but it backfires when Tegan is bullied by Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan). Cassandra is angry when Tegan alters her skirts back, but Tegan stands up to her and reveals that hates dressing like her mother. Cassandra finds Kyle helping Tegan with her chemistry project and starts flirting with him, angering Tegan once more. 
Cassandra learns that Simon stole an iPod and becomes annoyed that her children are rebelling. When Tegan goes to Bridget Parker (Eloise Mignon) for fashion advice, Cassandra insults her and is thrown out by Bridget's mother. Cassandra accidentally purchases a fake scratchcard meant for someone else and believes that she has won $20,000. After Rebecca tells her the truth, Cassandra thinks she is behind the prank and decides to get revenge on her. She asks Tegan to order her an alcoholic drink at the bar, making sure that Rebecca thinks that she will come and collect it. Tegan picks the drink up and Cassandra announces that Rebecca has sold alcohol to a minor, before threatening to call the police. However, not many people believe her and Paul turns against her. Simon and Tegan becomes fed up with their mother and leave to stay with their grandmother. Cassandra seeks revenge on Paul and claims that he has been harassing her. Cassandra begins receiving threatening notes and after a silent phone call, she becomes scared. She later makes a public apology for her actions. 
Cassandra also tries to be nice to the neighbours and encourages Donna to audition for the school play. But she becomes jealous of her daughter's success and makes sure she ruins her second audition. Cassandra learns that Donna is her stalker and reports her to the police, despite Elle asking her not to. Cassandra tries to make things right with Donna by offering to help make costumes for the play. However, she mocks her daughter during a rehearsal and accuses Daniel of coming on to her when she sees him comforting her. The Ramsay Street residents later decide to get rid of Cassandra. She is fired from her job for being late, barred from Charlie's and Harold's Store by Elle and reported to the Salvation Army for not needing their house. Cassandra realises that she has been defeated and decides to leave, but not before telling Donna that a guy named Nick is actually her father and not the man who raised her. Cassandra then packs her bags and drives out of the street, knocking over everyone's bins as she goes.
Reception.
For her portrayal of Cassandra, Goldsmith was nominated for "Best Bitch" at the 2009 Inside Soap Awards. John Burfitt from "TV Soap" named Cassandra one of "Neighbours"' "greatest bitches". He stated that she was "The meanest mum and toughest tart ever in Ramsay Street" and nicknamed her "Cyclone Cass." A writer for Holy Soap said Cassandra's most memorable moment was "When she accidentally-on-purpose got her dress caught in her car door, allowing her to strip down to her undies." A "Daily Record" reporter hoped that Cassandra would be run out of town as way of justice for her bad deeds. They added "We know you need villains to spice the drama up a bit – but she's something else. Cass is manipulative, spiteful and downright nasty. In fact, she gives women a bad name." A writer for the "Sunday Mercury" thought Cassandra was "one of the most annoying characters Ramsay Street has ever seen", while a "Western Mail" reporter called her the "mother from hell."
A "Sunday Mail" reporter commented that Cassandra had turned out to be "one of the most irritating characters ever to grace Ramsay Street." Tim Elliott, writing for "The Sydney Morning Herald", was positive towards the character. He stated that most viewers were trying to avoid suburban reality and wanted melodrama, which "resident bitch" Cassandra provided. He added "When not washing her car in spray-on jeans, Cassandra is delivering bottles of chilled champagne to distressed neighbour Paul. Everyone hates Cassandra, perhaps because she is a single mother (boo!) but also because she is a single mother who is having fun (double boo!). All the other characters - footy jock Ringo, Donna and responsible Rebecca - are way too real and suburban for me." Gordon Farrer from "The Age" branded Cassandra a "yummy mummy." Cassandra came third in an "Inside Soap" poll to find out which "Neighbours" character readers would miss most following their departure. Cassandra received 10% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="21573910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573910" title="Kilichundan Mampazham">
Kilichundan Mampazham

Kilichundan Mampazham is a 2003 comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. It features Mohanlal, Soundarya, Sreenivasan, Salim Kumar. The story is written by Sreenivasan and the screenplay and the dialogues was written by Priyadarshan.
Story.
Moidukutty Haji returns to his village after marrying a third time. His new wife Amina is young and beautiful. His other two wives are really unhappy to see this, but they have no other choice but to accept it. Abdu and Usman comes to the village and they come to Moidukutty Haji's house to sell bangles. Abdu sees Amina there,in order to get into Moidukutty Haji's house, he tries very hard but Moidukutty Haji drives them away. In the meantime, Amina is giving excuses to Moidukutty Haji and not making him touch her. Abdu and Amina was in love. But, when Abdu was in Gulf, Amina's wicked father secretly stole all letters sent by Abdu by bribing the postman, Amina's marriage took place without her acceptance. Abdu with some help from his friends make secret moves to get Amina back. The events that is going to happen from here makes the plot of the story.
Soundtrack.
Music : Vidyasagar

</doc>
<doc id="21573916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573916" title="Margazhi Raagam">
Margazhi Raagam

Margazhi Raagam is a Film/Carnatic music concert performed by Bombay Jayashri and T.M. Krishna, two leading artists in the field. The film is significant because it is considered to be the first of its kind in the Carnatic music world.
Concept.
Margazhi Raagam was conceptualised by Jayendra Panchapakesan a pioneer of the South Indian ad film making industry. The film follows a 'concert' format, with the artistes performing on a stage, but uses video styles to give the audience a multi-directional view of the stage and set.
On the official website, Jayendra says: “For over four years, I have been living with the idea of giving Carnatic music an evocative new appeal in terms of presentation. Finally, the technology became available to give this dream the right shape. Margazhi Raagam brings together two things that are close to my heart – music and cinema! I am sure that classical music and cinema will see the benefit of this initiative, as will artistes and music lovers.”
Along with him a number of leading technicians have participated in the creation of this film. Some of whom are H. Sridhar - Audiography, P.C. Sreeram - Cinematography, Rajeevan - Art Direction, and Satissh Kurosowa - Editing which has awed South Indian audiences and is set to release in theatres across the globe in the months to follow.
Technology.
Margazhi Raagam is significant for the fact that it uses the digital capture quality of the Red One camera and high-quality, uncompressed, six track surround sound to deliver audio clarity and audio mixing finesse that carnatic music audiences have not experienced in a live concert so far. 
The film is also expected to be released in Blu-ray, DVD and Audio CD formats in the near future.
Experience.
The experience offered by this film is the first of its kind. Viewers have mentioned that they were overcome with emotion while watching the film.

</doc>
<doc id="21573918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573918" title="Santa Clara Valley Medical Center">
Santa Clara Valley Medical Center

Santa Clara Valley Medical Center is a 574-bed tertiary medical center, owned and operated by the County of Santa Clara. The Medical Center is part of the Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital System. Locally it is also known as Valley Medical Center, Valley Medical, VMC, or simply 'Valley'. SCVMC is both a research hospital and teaching hospital. It is the county hospital and primary trauma center in Santa Clara County.
The medical center is located three miles west of downtown San Jose in an unincorporated "pocket" of Santa Clara County called Fruitdale, surrounded by the incorporated boundaries of the City of San Jose. The campus and hospital were founded at its present location in 1876 by Dr Benjamin Cory, the Director of Public Health. Founded as the County Hospital, it was the first organized hospital in the San Francisco Bay Area. The current campus continues to sit at the very same spot where the original hospital was constructed in the 19th century. This has led to issues with construction on site with the February 2012 unearthing of an 1870-1920s pauper's grave site.
Santa Clara Valley Medical Center is one of four adult level one trauma centers in Northern California. It also is one of three pediatric level one trauma centers in Northern California. It operates the only federally designated spinal cord injury center in Northern California, the Rehabilitation Trauma Center, along with the only traumatic brain injury center for the treatment and rehabilitation of patients. It operates one of four burn centers in Northern California. It is the only trauma center in California to co-locate all five of these services on one campus.
Santa Clara Valley Medical Centers operates numerous critical care units including the highest level neonatal intensive care unit. The medical center also is licensed for cardiovascular surgery and cardiac catheterization. It is designated a primary stroke treatment center by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Organizations. In addition, the Medical Center operates onsite outpatient clinics and satellite clinics in Gilroy, Milpitas, central San Jose, East San Jose, Southeast San Jose and Sunnyvale.
Residency programs operated by Santa Clara Valley Medical Center include Medicine, OB-GYN, Radiology and Pharmacy. Residents in Anesthesiology, Dermatology, Emergency Medicine, General Surgery, Neurology, Ophthalmology, Orthopedic Surgery, Pediatrics, Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, Plastic Surgery, Radiation Oncology and Urology from Stanford Medical School all rotate through Santa Clara Valley Medical Center. Residences in Infectious Diseases from Kaiser Permanente Medical Program rotate through Santa Clara Valley Medical Center, as do members of the Occupational Medicine Program from UC San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="21573926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573926" title="Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics">
Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics

FIND (Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics) is a not-for-profit foundation whose aims is to provide innovative and affordable diagnostic products for all levels of the health care system in developing countries.
FIND's main function lies in creating sustainable partnerships and providing the necessary expertise, capacity and facilities needed to drive the R&D process. Most importantly, they ensure that the diagnostic technologies developed with their partners are made available in high burden countries. Following WHO endorsement, they work with partners in order to collect evidence for scale-up and to support the widespread implementation of these tools.
The Foundation does not own manufacturing facilities, clinical trial sites, reference laboratories or laboratories for quality control, has no capabilities for storage of biological reference materials and is not involved in any marketing and sales beyond the initial negotiating of price reductions for co-developed technologies. The design, development, manufacture, evaluation and demonstration of these tools are achieved entirely through their trial site partners, in collaboration with industry.
FIND headquarters are located in Geneva (Switzerland), with offices in Kampala (Uganda) and New Delhi (India). In 2011, FIND was recognized as an “Other International Organization” by the Swiss Government, alongside DNDi and Medicines for Malaria Venture.
History.
FIND was founded at the 56th World Health Assembly in 2003, with an initial five-year grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Launched at a meeting of the World Health Assembly in 2003, FIND was created in order to bring diagnostic solutions to the very societies where treatable diseases are rampant and where poverty and poor health are closely intertwined.
With an initial five-year grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, FIND set out to develop diagnostic approaches that have been proven in principle and to transform them into effective products for identifying TB – in partnership with academia, public and private research institutes and industry.
Focusing initially on tuberculosis, the scope of our activities has expanded to include the diagnosis of malaria and human African trypanosomiasis (HAT), otherwise known as sleeping sickness. In 2011, FIND’s Board approved a further expansion of focus to other diseases – such as HIV/AIDS, leishmaniasis and Chagas disease – in instances where there is a clear link to existing disease programmes and technological platforms. In 2006, FIND also started working on strengthening laboratories in disease-endemic countries, and working with partners to roll-out FIND-developed technologies.
We have since broadened our funding base to include the governments of the Netherlands and Germany, the UK’s Department for International Development, the European Union, USAID, Irish Aid, UNITAID and others.
Activities.
FIND focuses mainly on tuberculosis, malaria and acute febrile syndrome, sleeping sickness (human African trypanosomiasis, HAT) and other neglected diseases such as leishmaniasis and Chagas disease (American trypanosomiasis).
In-country facilitator: working closely with local authorities on how to introduce new tools into existing systems, and supporting them to upgrade their laboratories, strengthen their technical capacity and roll-out new technologies.
FIND supports the R&D of promising reagents and technology platforms and oversees their evaluation and demonstration in both laboratory and field trials. FIND also collaborates with public health authorities in developing countries to demonstrate the feasibility and programmatic impact of new technologies on patients and disease control programmes. New products are then submitted to WHO's Strategic and Technical Advisory Group (STAG) for assessment.
In 2006, FIND and partners also started working on laboratory strengthening and implementation of WHO-approved diagnostic technologies in disease-endemic countries, in accordance with WHO policy recommendations.
Visions and Missions.
'Our vision is of a world where everyone has equitable and timely access to high quality and affordable diagnosis'.
'Our mission is to drive the development and early implementation of innovative diagnostic tests that have a high impact on patient care and disease control in low-resource settings'.
The core value
We maintain high standards and levels of stewardship
We contribute to improve global health
We promote equitable access to health care
We support the needs of communities
The greatest obstacle in the care and control of many diseases in the developing world is a lack of effective and appropriate diagnostic tests, reliable and inexpensive tools that can rapidly and accurately identify who is sick with which disease so that appropriate treatment can begin promptly.
Without these tools:
The inability to diagnose diseases properly frustrates care providers, reduces the faith of patients in the health system and results in inappropriate care, which is then translated into a massive waste of scarce resources.
Accurate and timely diagnosis is vital, not only for individuals but also for communities and national health programmes.
Partnerships.
FIND has active collaborations with over 150 partners, including ministries of health, bilateral and multilateral organizations, research and academic institutes, commercial partners, NGOs and over 80 clinical trial sites.
Since its establishment, FIND has relied on key partnerships to address the challenges of both research and development (R&D) for poverty-related diseases.
FIND act as a bridge between the public and private sectors and our unique position allows them to bring together a diverse set of partners, helping to resolve technical, financial and logistical barriers to innovation while keeping the focus on the development of safe and effective diagnostic tests for low-resource settings. FIND combines specific skills and resources from each project partner in order to achieve greatest impact as quickly as possible.
FIND's partners include: 
Commercial companies, which have the technological know-how, but may not have the financial incentives necessary to invest heavily in poverty-related diseases, nor a deep understanding of the disease-causing agents
Academic world, which is often focused on basic research and conceptual innovation, but is ill-equipped for product development
International public health organizations and various NGOs and foundations, which play a major role in access to diagnostic products in endemic country markets
Public donors or philanthropic organizations, which provide essential funding but are not implementers, and
Ministries of health and disease control programmes, which manage healthcare systems in endemic countries but do not develop the technologies.
However, we do not focus just on product development. To ensure that our co-developed products have the intended impact for national health programmes and people in village communities, we also support early implementation through laboratory strengthening and the roll out of new diagnostic tools in remote endemic areas.
Funding.
FIND is financed by both the private and public sectors, including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Government of the Netherlands, the European Union, UNITAID, UK Department for International Development, National Institutes of Health and others.

</doc>
<doc id="21573927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573927" title="Fairfield Materials Management Ltd">
Fairfield Materials Management Ltd

Fairfield Materials Management Ltd is a Manchester based social enterprise that operates a community waste management project at Manchester’s New Smithfield Market focused on minimising waste, and bringing social and environmental benefits to Greater Manchester.
By utilising 'in-vessel composting', Fairfield Materials Management established the UK’s first sustainable biodegradable waste management system to operate on a wholesale market, diverted 16,500 tonnes of organic market waste material away from landfill between 2003 and 2008.
Fairfield has developed a composting production model that processes fruit, vegetable, plant and woody waste into peat-free, British Standards Institution PAS 100 accredited compost. It operates on a site fully licensed by the Environment Agency.
In 2003 Fairfield was recognised as the most innovative social enterprise within its sector by The Composting Association.
History.
Fairfield Materials Management was founded in 2003 by a small group of ecological activists, horticulturists and social entrepreneurs.
Fairfield Materials Management was initiated by Val Rawlinson (Director) after she became involved in an East Manchester anti-incineration campaign in 1996. The incinerator was not built, but the campaigners realised that they had to show Manchester that environmental and social alternatives were available and working successfully throughout the United Kingdom and so Fairfield Composting (later to be called Debdale Eco Centre) was established.
Val recognised the need for a commercial sized composting system for New Smithfield Market and choose a Vertical Composting Unit (VCU) system as the preferred technology; Emma Smith was recruited as a waste auditor in November 2001 to undertake a waste composition analysis of Smithfield Market's waste. Chris Walsh joined the team and between 2001 and 2003 the group secured several hundred thousand pounds through grants and loans, designed the site, obtaining planning permission and a waste management licence.
In 2003 Fairfield began operating and initially diverted waste from four market traders, taking in green waste from Manchester City Council and producing compost. In 2004 a further two composting units were added and in 2005 a final three units were added to the system. This enabled Fairfield to process all of the market's fruit and vegetable waste through the in-situ technology.
In 2009 the Fairfield Group in partnership national renewable energy business Bio Group Ltd secured planning permission in Bredbury, Stockport for their second waste management site.

</doc>
<doc id="21573936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573936" title="Odontostomus">
Odontostomus

Odontostomus is a genus of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.
"Odontostomus" is the type genus for the tribe Odontostomini.
Distribution.
This genus of snails occurs in Brazil.
Species.
Species in the genus "Odontostomus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="21573952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573952" title="Arild Nyquist">
Arild Nyquist

Arild Nyquist (1937–2004) was a Norwegian novelist, lyricist, writer of children's books and musician. He was born in Oslo, the son of Gerd Nyquist. His father-in-law was Olav Mosebekk. He made his literary debut in 1963 with the novel "Ringer i et sommervann".
Nyquist was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1971. He was nominated for the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1994 for the self-biographic novel "Ungdom".

</doc>
<doc id="21573977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573977" title="Red Deer Lake">
Red Deer Lake

Red Deer Lake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21573990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573990" title="Michelle Loughery">
Michelle Loughery

Michelle Loughery (born 1961) is a Canadian muralist from British Columbia.
Life and work.
Early career.
Loughery was born in the community of Michel-Natal in the Elk Valley in southeastern British Columbia, but her family was relocated to the nearby mining town of Sparwood when the community of Michel-Natal was dismantled by the provincial government in the 1970s.
Greatly influenced by life in a rural town, Loughery began her artistic career by championing the need for art and culture in small towns. As an art administrator, in her early 20s, Loughery saw the vital need for promoting art in her small town as a means to a creative outlet for the community's artistic youth including her own children.
A muralist is born.
It was during her time as an art administrator that Loughery learned of the relatively new public art medium of mural painting. Having experimented with a variety of artistic mediums as a hobby, Loughery decided that she and a group of volunteer young people would paint a mural in downtown Sparwood. With no formal training, Loughery put brush to wall, and painted what is still considered a public art masterpiece. More importantly, the manner in which she painted, with community members and youth volunteers, became the foundation for a career that has expanded the globe and included countless communities and youth.
Critical success.
By the 1990s Loughery had moved to Vernon, British Columbia, where she began a community art program that would ultimately see the creation of 25 larger-than-life murals and a life-changing experience for over 70 youth at risk in that community. Loughery realized early in her muraling career that because of the public nature of the murals, it was imperative to include community members at a grassroot level in the creation of the murals. This involvement ensured that the stories captured in the murals would continue long after the mural had been completed. It was also, during this time that she recognized that youth, especially youth at risk, were often overlooked by communities as valuable, potentially contributing citizens. This recognition led her to develop a youth at risk employment and life skills program that hires youth in a community for a set period of time, to work alongside her painting her magnificent creations. The program Loughery developed also includes the training of communities, through non profit organizations and affiliations, to utilize public art in a manner to increase and/or create tourism through economic diversification.
Work.
Considered one of a few master muralists in the world who paint their murals free hand, Loughery has worked all over the globe, assisting youth and their communities to establish public art programs. She has been officially recognized by the Canadian, Province of British Columbia and Australian Governments for her valuable work with young people and their communities. She has been instrumental in beginning world class mural projects in Cuba, Missouri, USA; Vernon, British Columbia and continues to work in the Country Music Capital of Canada, Merritt, British Columbia. Her 9/11 mural commissioned by the City of New York is on photographic display in the Smithsonian Museum, and she is currently working with the Province of British Columbia on a multi-city mural project entitled, The Wayfinder Project.

</doc>
<doc id="21573997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21573997" title="Red Deer Lake (Manitoba)">
Red Deer Lake (Manitoba)

Red Deer Lake is a lake in western Manitoba, Canada. It is located approximately 5 miles north of Barrows and 10 miles west of Dawson Bay which is the northwest part of Lake Winnipegosis, and 8 miles east of the Saskatchewan border. Barrows served as a quickly constructed lumber town for the Red Deer Lumber Company, although the sawmill closed around 1926 or 1927. The community of Red Deer Lake had a population of 40 in 2001.
The area is heavily forested and has hosted a number of logging companies and pulp processors. Fishing is common and fisheries in the lake and Dawson Bay process catch from Red Deer Lake. There is also coal exploration in the area as well, targeting the Mannville Formation.
The Red Deer River arises in east central Saskatchewan and flows east through Red Deer Lake into Dawson Bay of Lake Winnipegosis. To the north of its basin is that of the Saskatchewan River and to the southwest that of the upper Assiniboine River and to the southeast that of the Swan River (Manitoba-Saskatchewan)
Fort Red Deer River or Fort Rivière la Biche was a North West Company trading post on the Red Deer River near the town of Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan about 20 miles upriver from Red Deer Lake. It was founded in 1794 by Hugh McGillis. Its date of closure is uncertain. Losey places it at the mouth of the Etomami River at the town ballpark where there is a provincial marker, therefore probably . For some background see Assiniboine River fur trade.
The lake is situated almost entirely in the northwest corner of Manitoba's Census Division No. 19, although its northernmost reaches extend into the southwest corner of Division No. 21.

</doc>
<doc id="21574012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574012" title="Bambino!">
Bambino!

NTV broadcast the live-action TV drama from April 18, 2007 to June 27, 2007. It was broadcast in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico by TV Japan, an affiliate of NHK, from January to March 2008.
Media.
Manga.
"Bambino!" is written and illustrated by Tetsuji Sekiya. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen magazine (aimed at older men) "Big Comic Spirits". As of March 2009, Shogakukan has published 14 "bound volumes" of the manga between March 30, 2005 and December 26, 2008.
Drama.
We Can Make It! by Arashi is the series' opening theme song
Soundtrack CD.
On March 30, 2007, wint released a soundtrack CD for the "Bambino!" TV drama.
Reception.
The "Bambino!" manga received the 2008 Shogakukan Manga Award for seinen/general manga along with Takeshi Natsuhara's and Kuromaru's "Kurosagi". 
At the 53rd Television Drama Academy Awards, the "Bambino!" television drama was awarded four prizes. They were: Best Actor (Jun Matsumoto), Supporting Actor (Kitamura Kazuki), Best Director and Special Award.

</doc>
<doc id="21574029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574029" title="Bal Ganesh">
Bal Ganesh

Bal Ganesh is a 2007 computer-animated musical feature film directed by Pankaj Sharma. The film is about the adventures and hijinks of Lord Ganesh, the Hindu elephant-headed god, when he was a baby.

</doc>
<doc id="21574037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574037" title="New Family Organization">
New Family Organization

The New Family Organization was founded in 1998 in Tel Aviv, Israel, by advocate Irit Rosenblum and a group of attorneys to advocate equal family rights for all and to promote the rights of families who don’t meet the de facto definition of family in Israel: a man and a woman married according to religious law. New Family Organization is Israel’s leading family rights advocates and triggered precedents for legal equality for women, common-law, same-sex and interfaith families. 
Rights promoted by New Family Organization include the right to live in a recognized partnership (marriage or common-law), to have children (through natural conception, adoption or via reproductive technologies), to will and inherit assets, and to dissolve a partnership, without discrimination based on faith, nationality, sexual orientation, or status.
Founding.
New Family Organization was established by Irit Rosenblum, an Israeli advocate and legal innovator. Rosenblum advocates a human right to establish a family regardless of gender, religion, nationality, sexual orientation and legal status. Rosenblum is an outspoken proponent of common-law partnership over legal marriage and for the right to use assisted reproductive technologies.
Rosenblum is a member of the Israeli Bar Association and served as a presiding judge in the police disciplinary court.
Through her work with New Family, she has challenged Israeli family law. This included gaining recognition for same-sex families, issuing common-law marriage IDs which are recognized in official government bodies, the Biological Will Initiative, and promoting parenthood through reproductive technologies
Constituency.
New Family’s constituency includes people who are vulnerable to infringements on rights due to family status, such as people who can not legally marry in Israel, immigrants, interfaith and bi-national families, common-law couples, single parents, homosexuals and lesbians, people whose family status disadvantages them for adoption or for reproductive services, foreign citizens, refugees, religiously ‘forbidden’ unions, people deemed ‘ineligible’ for marriage by religious law, children deemed ‘illegitimate’ by religious law, people who do not meet the religious definition of any faith, or meet the definition of two faiths, and more.
Rights promoted by New Family include the right to marry, to have children, to access adoption services and reproductive technology, register children and spouses, to bequeath and inherit assets and to dissolve a partnership without discrimination based on faith, origin, nationality, sexual orientation, or status.
Legal Innovations.
A central aspect of New Family’s work is innovating legal solutions that circumvent or mitigate infringements on rights in marriage and divorce by creating civil alternatives to religious authorities who have exclusive jurisdiction over family status in Israel. New Family pioneered contractual marriage and Domestic Partnership Cards, which confers couples that cannot legally marry or do not wish to marry according to the required orthodox religious rites legal status and rights equal to married couples. Domestic Partnership Cards have been issued to thousands of couples and recognized by government authorities.
Biological Wills.
New Family promotes a new legal concept of biological wills which specify whether or not an individuals’ reproductive material may be used after their death, who may use it, how long it may be preserved, how many children may be created with it, and legal status of any resulting children. Biological wills apply property law to biological matter and assume that human reproductive material is property that can be willed and inherited like other assets. Biological wills ensure that a person’s wishes for a biological legacy are legally binding. New Family founded the world’s only Biological Will Bank, and is the only known organization drafting and storing biological wills.
In the landmark 2006 Keivan Cohen case, the parents of a 20-year old soldier killed in action won the right to use the sperm retrieved after his death for posthumous reproduction after proving in court that it was his explicit wish to father children. The case, which was reported in media from around the world, was unique, both because Cohen had not left his wish in writing, and because the woman that would carry his child was not known to him during lifetime. Since then, court attitude in Israel has been changed to require written consent for posthumous reproduction.
Activities.
The New Family Organization runs a family rights information hotline, provides legal consultation and aid, litigates legal precedents in family rights, advocates legislation and policy for equal rights for all families, publishes family rights guidebooks, conducts research and data analysis, raises public consciousness of family rights, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="21574045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574045" title="List of G.I. Joe video games">
List of G.I. Joe video games

Throughout the existence of the G.I. Joe media franchise, there have been several video games released.
G.I. Joe: Cobra Strike.
G.I. Joe: Cobra Strike is the title of a video game released for the Atari 2600 in 1983. The game was developed and published by Parker Brothers and involves three different types of gameplay. The game is loosely based on the G.I. Joe franchise of the same name.
A variant of the game was released as the Action Force video game in Europe. Based on the European version of G.I. Joe known as "Action Force", the game was similarly published by Parker Brothers in the PAL format for European markets.
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero.
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero is the title of a video game released for the Apple II and Commodore 64 in 1985. The game was developed and published by Epyx and involves two different types of gameplay. The game is loosely based on the G.I. Joe franchise of the same name. The gameplay consists man-to-man and vehicular combat.
Action Force (8 Bit Home Computers).
1987 by Virgin Games for the Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and Sinclair Spectrum.
G.I. Joe (Nintendo Entertainment System).
G.I. Joe is a 1991 run and gun game published by Taxan for the Nintendo Entertainment System based on the toyline of the . The game was produced by Ken Lobb and developed by the same Japanese team that later formed KID. It was followed by a single sequel titled "" released the following year.
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor.
G.I. Joe: The Atlantis Factor is the title of a NES video game developed by KID and published by Capcom in the United States in 1992. The game is a sequel to the "G.I. Joe" video game released for the NES by Taxan in 1991.
G.I. Joe (arcade game).
A coin-operated video game based on G.I. Joe was produced by Konami in . The "G.I. Joe" arcade game is a third-person shooting game set in a pseudo-3D perspective in which the player automatically runs towards the background while fighting against incoming enemies or objects. The game can be played by up to two or four players, depending on the configuration.
G.I. Joe: Attack on Cobra Island.
A fan-made game based on the classic “Real American Hero” style G.I. Joe video game, "Attack On Cobra Island" was released as a free download in March 2012. The game is a reworking of "Double Dragon"-style mechanics, with G.I. Joe skins applied.

</doc>
<doc id="21574066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574066" title="Nuvo (liqueur)">
Nuvo (liqueur)

Nuvo L'esprit De Paris is a fortified wine marketed as a sparkling liqueur. Nuvo is made in Paris, France and imported by the London Group. Nuvo was initially marketed to women; early bottles displayed the words "For Her". Later the company removed the "For Her" print.
Production.
The Nuvo bottle looks like a large perfume bottle. Nuvo is made with grain and spring water and then mixed with sparkling wine.

</doc>
<doc id="21574100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574100" title="Communist University of the National Minorities of the West">
Communist University of the National Minorities of the West

The Communist University of the National Minorities of the West (KUNMZ - "Kommunistichesky Universitet Natsionalnykh Menshinstv Zapada"; КУНМЗ - Коммунистический университет национальных меньшинств Запада), was created by a 28 November 1921 decree of the Council of People's Commissars and charged with training party cadres from the western regions of Russia and the Volga Germans.
In 1929-1930, it began to admit representatives of the communist parties of the Central European, Scandinavian and Balkan countries, as well as Italy. It turned into an international school for the preparation and education of the "fraternal" communist parties' reserve cadres, aimed at the best political émigrés to study in a 2-3 year special program. Afterward they would have been sent to work in their countries of origin. Political émigrés already living in the USSR, Moscow, KUNMZ organized night courses to study special subjects, i.e. history of the CP of the countries of origin, mass work and party construction.
A similar institution was the Communist University of the Toilers of the East also known as the Far East University was established in 1921 in Moscow by the Communist International as a training college for communist cadres in the colonial world. 
KUNMZ was dissolved following the decision of the Executive Committee of the Communist International's Secretariat of 7-8 May 1936.
Alumni.
Prominent alumni of the KUNMZ include:

</doc>
<doc id="21574105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574105" title="PicaBot">
PicaBot

picaBot is a domestic robotic floor cleaner that sweeps, vacuums, and disinfects floors simultaneously.
Description.
picabot originated from the words "pica" and "robot". Pica means a craving to eat substances that has no nutrition like dirt or chalk. Literally translated, picabot is a robot that likes to eat rubbish.
picabot eVo2, based on QQ2L by Metapo Inc, was launched in July 2008. It operated on rechargeable Nickel-Metal Hydride (NiMH) battery, comes with a docking station(home base), power adaptor, remote control and a spare filter. The robot would return for recharge automatically whenever it finished its job, the battery level is low or anytime commanded to return with a remote control.
Since Metapo first launched the US version of the robot called Infinuvo QQ1 in the US market sometime in 2003, it has undergone several upgrades including 3 major ones. Compare to QQ1, the QQ2L has improved much on its Artificial Intelligence(AI), battery run time and product reliability. 
picaBot eVo2 has further improved on the floor disinfecting, the suspension system and battery pack of the robot compare to the US version of QQ2L. The result is better germicidal effect when it added photocatalysis to the UV tube mounted on the bottom of the robot. The improved suspension system allow the robot to traverse different type and height of floors with greater ease. Higher spec battery increase the robot's running time significantly.
How it works.
Domestic robotic floor cleaners are made to be as easy to use and maintain as possible. Like most other popular brands like Electrolux, Kärcher, and iRobot, it is rather intuitive to use and maintain picaBot eVo2. Just press the "Start" button and you can leave the room or house with it. picaBot eVo2 sweep, vacuum and disinfect the floor simultaneously. While the sweeping and vacuuming will be activated by default once the robot starts running, the photocatalytic UV floor disinfecting function needs activation with the remote control. It moves around in random alternate between several pre-programmed moving patterns; straight-and-bounce(zig-zag), spiral, along-the-wall, ladder-shaped and polygonal in order to fully cover a given room. Generally, picaBot takes about 10 minutes to cover a 100sq ft area.
Unlike iRobot’s Roomba, picaBot eVo2 sweep and vacuum simultaneously while the Roomba sweep and vacuum in separate compartments/inlets. picaBot uses a side brush to sweep in dust and debris from the side (and edges of the wall) and a main brush ‘kick’ them towards the vacuum inlet so that the vacuum can easily suck them into the dust box. This "combined" sweeping and vacuuming design makes picaBot stronger and more thorough in cleaning smaller particles like dust, lint, hairs and fur. It is therefore understandable that oriental market seems to favor this "combined" cleaning action as most families practice bare foot culture indoors. Even a very small amount of dust would cause discomfort and concerns. It also has a small UV tube coated with photocatalytic Titanium Dioxide on the underside of the robot that helps to eliminate organic micro-organism like germs and dust mites on the floor. The photocatalytic coating on the UV tube was developed by Corvan which is not found on Metapo's QQ2L.
Users need to take note that loose items like string, cable and clothes that can possibly get caught by the spinning brushes are to be cleared off the floor where the robot is supposed to cover.
By the end of its cleaning cycle, the robot will go back to the home base to recharge automatically. When it is time to recharge, it will make 2 circles before moving straight to any solid object(most probably a wall) and start to move along the wall in clockwise direction to locate the charger(or called "home base"). The advantage of this method of docking station(charger) seeking is that the successful docking rate is higher but it usually take longer time to reach the docking station.
The filter and dust box are washable to minimize flying dust when clearing the dust box.
Three anti-fall infra-red sensors mounted under the body detect steps or edges about 4 cm or deeper to prevent it from falling down such steps. With a dimension of 34 cm diameter and 9 cm height, it is reasonably nimble to move around and under furniture. Nevertheless, due to the top of the front bumper is designed to be in line with the body of the robot,it is possible that it may get wedge in with overhead object which has a very small declining angle. In most cases, it will struggle and free itself but there may be cases it get stuck and need human intervention.
picaBot eVo2 also come with a slim remote control at 1 cm thick which can be place fittingly onto the top cover of the robot. Functions on the remote control include: driving the robot(left, right, forward, reverse), cleaning duration setting, start, stop and shut down the robot, moving pattern selection, home returning, switch on and off the germicidal photocatalytic UV tube and switch on and off the vacuuming function.
Maintenance is relatively easy. There is only 1 dust box to clear of rubbish. Users are advised to wash the filter every time, clearing the rubbish to reduce flying dust and at the same time to prolong the useful life of the filter.
In case picaBot moves through a puddle of water, it will not cause any harm as the turbine inlet is designed to be located at a higher position to avoid water or any liquid entering the machine through the inlet. Simply dry up the dust box and filter would suffice.
More improvement needed.
While it does not affect hard surface tiled, marble, matt lacquered and laminated wooden floor, the fixed axle front wheel can possible cause light turning marks on glossy lacquered floor when the robot change direction. 
The moving speed of the robot is a tad slower at 1.8m/s than iRobot(3m/s) making one to wonder if it is necessary to move at that low speed to clean effectively. 
Some users have reported that their robot's battery capacity are below what the manufacturer claimed of 70 to 100 minutes run time. They have to get the battery replaced to achieved the claimed run time. However, this issue has been resolved since early 2009 with its new battery supplier. 
The vacuum inlet is too narrow (approximately 1 cm) to take in anything bigger than something the size of a rice making picaBot eVo2 effective in picking up small particles, dust and hair but not pebbles or crumpled pieces of paper.
Latest development.
In early 2009, the issue of short run time has been resolved with the new battery supplier. The latest picaBot eVo2M which was launched in early February 2010 with a 2800mAH battery pack has received favorable feedback from users with many claiming run time of more than 100 minutes. Besides upgrading done in Malaysia, Corvan also introduced a 100% run-in program since 2008 where every robot is run a full cycle with all functions working. The objective of the upgrade and 100% run-in program is to improve the reliability of the robot.

</doc>
<doc id="21574125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574125" title="Course of Empire (album)">
Course of Empire (album)

Course of Empire is the debut self-titled album from the Dallas, Texas band. The album was originally released on Dallas based Carpe Diem Records and sold over 5000 copies in the city alone. All songs were written by Course of Empire and produced by David Castell (Blue October, Burden Brothers, Deep Blue Something, SouthFM). The following August, Zoo Entertainment signed the band and reissued their CD with distribution through BMG
Track listing.
Zoo Reissue.
Zoo Entertainment remixed and remastered the album in January 1992, which resulted in significantly different track lengths.

</doc>
<doc id="21574135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574135" title="Form 1 Planet">
Form 1 Planet

Form 1 Planet is the second studio album by Australian rock band Rockmelons. 
Track listing.
All songs written by R. Medhurst, B. Jones, J. Jones, R. Smith except where noted, according to Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Credited to:
Rockmelons

</doc>
<doc id="21574145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574145" title="Selce, Pivka">
Selce, Pivka

Selce () is a village north of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross and belongs to the Parish of Slavina.

</doc>
<doc id="21574168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574168" title="Slovenska Vas, Pivka">
Slovenska Vas, Pivka

Slovenska Vas () is a small village northeast of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. Traditional agricultural activity of the village is linked to growing potatoes and oats and raising cattle, as well as some orchard and beekeeping activity.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Nemška vas" (literally, 'German village') to "Slovenska vas" (literally, 'Slovene village') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia’s postwar communist government to remove German elements from toponyms. According to Johann Weikhard von Valvasor, the original name of the village is a reference to German and Carniolan refugees that fled here after an attack by the Venetians.
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Andrew and belongs to the Parish of Pivka.

</doc>
<doc id="21574172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574172" title="Madeleine Schlumberger">
Madeleine Schlumberger

Madeleine Schlumberger or Marie d’Ailleurs’ (b. 1900 in Alsace – 1980) was a French artist and writer. She left a vast body of artistic work: paintings or collages, manuscripts and most importantly, miniature theatricalized scenes made up of thousands of antique objects.
Two museums have dedicated one room each to her work:
The Musée Alexis Forel, in Morges, Switzerland inaugurated that room in 2006: It contains the Cabinet of Curiosities, Doll's Houses, Grandmother's Living Rooms, Theatre of Louis II of Bavaria and many other themes. The room at the Musée Paul Delouvrier was inaugurated in 2007: It is located in the modern cathedral of Évry, designed by the architect Mario Botta, near Paris. Some twenty miniature scenes restored or created by the artist are related to popular topics of piety including the Pieta, Bambino, Baroque Church, Carmelite Cells and others.
A good part of her life was spent in Provence. 
References.
Four books in French:

</doc>
<doc id="21574191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574191" title="Frank Sibbles">
Frank Sibbles

Frank Marshall Sibbles (born 15 March 1904 in Oldham, Lancashire – died 20 July 1973 in Bramhall, Cheshire) was a bowler who represented Lancashire County Cricket Club in first-class cricket. He started off playing cricket for Werneth Cricket Club in the Central Lancashire Cricket League. It was during this period that he was chosen to represent Lancashire as a replacement for Cecil Parkin when he left the club to play league cricket. As well as bowling off spin, Sibbles sometimes bowled medium pace and using off-cutters, regularly opening the bowling for Lancashire in the 1930s. In his final season for Lancashire, Sibbles bowling was affected by a knee injury and was forced to retire. According to Wisden, he was "one of the most consistent cricketers without a major representative honour to his name". After retiring from playing, Sibbles joined the Lancashire committee, and at one point was a member of the board of selectors which chose the Lancashire team. On 20 July 1973, Sibbles died suddenly at his home in Bramhall, although he had been ill for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="21574194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574194" title="Stara Sušica">
Stara Sušica

Stara Sušica is a village southwest of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to John the Baptist and belongs to the Parish of Košana.

</doc>
<doc id="21574201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574201" title="Comanche Nation College">
Comanche Nation College

Comanche Nation College is a two-year, open admissions, American Indian tribal community college. It is located in Lawton, Oklahoma, the capital of the Comanche Nation. The school was chartered by the Comanche Nation Business Committee.
History.
A Comanche Nation Charter Resolution established CNC as a community college in 2002. CNC was the first Tribal College established in the state of Oklahoma.
Governance.
The Comanche Nation established a Comanche Nation College Council of leaders in higher education. The Comanche Nation is federally recognized as a Tribe of Oklahoma. The Comanche Nation has 13,679 enrolled Tribal members, with about 6,000 members living in the Lawton-Fort Sill area of southwest Oklahoma.
Mission and Vision.
CMC's Mission is
Programs.
CMC offers programs in:
Partnerships.
The college is member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium and American Association of Community Colleges. It is the 36th member of the organization and the first tribal college in Oklahoma.
The college is partnering with Cameron University in Lawton, and students are dually-enrolled.
The Oklahoma Board of Nursing recently approved of the college's two-year nursing program, making it the first approved tribal nursing program in the state. The program's director is Marsha Tahquechi.
Campus.
The school occupies a former elementary school building.
Accreditation.
It is applying but has not yet received accreditation from the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools.
The college submitted the Preliminary Information Form (PIF) on March 22, 2011, which was accepted by the accrediting body. The college must complete a Self-Study and an on-site visit by the Commission to achieve accreditation.

</doc>
<doc id="21574226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574226" title="Lew Blum">
Lew Blum

Lew Blum is a Philadelphia towing businessman. He is best known for the number of large parking lot signs distributed across Philadelphia—over 5000—advertising his eponymous business. He started off working for his uncle.
In 1978, Lew Blum established his towing company. Although Blum started his company in the late-seventies he claims that it's a third generation business. Blum's grandfather Lew Smith started his towing company in 1930 in Philadelphia and his uncle, George Smith, established his towing company in 1967. Blum started working in the towing company for his uncle, George Smith, it was while on the job that he came across a Ford F-350 that was for sale at $2000. It was with this F-350 that Blum established his business after purchasing on credit.
His company located in North Philadelphia is one of the biggest scams out there. It has been recently cited on CBS 3 for illegal business conduct 

</doc>
<doc id="21574232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574232" title="Suhorje">
Suhorje

Suhorje is a village in the hills southwest of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local parish church, built outside the settlement to the south, is dedicated to Saint Nicholas () and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21574238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574238" title="TB8Cs4H2 snoRNA">
TB8Cs4H2 snoRNA

TB8Cs4H2 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB8Cs4H2 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of LSU3 ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ141.

</doc>
<doc id="21574256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574256" title="List of programmes broadcast by Cartoon Network (Southeast Asia)">
List of programmes broadcast by Cartoon Network (Southeast Asia)

They are the programs aired in Cartoon Network (Southeast Asia).

</doc>
<doc id="21574287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574287" title="Kenneth E. Train">
Kenneth E. Train

Kenneth E. Train (Nov 14, 1951 - ) is a Professor of Economics at the University of California, Berkeley, USA. He is also Vice President of NERA Economic Consulting, Inc. in San Francisco, California. He received a Bachelors in Economics at Harvard and PhD from UC Berkeley. He specializes in econometrics and regulation, with applications in energy, environmental studies, telecommunications and transportation. 
Kenneth Train has published three books and more than sixty articles. His most recent book, Discrete Choice Methods with Simulation, deals with a new area in econometrics. His software for mixed logit estimation, which is distributed free on his university website, has been used by researchers worldwide, and several commercial statistical packages have recently added mixed logic routines that reach an even larger audience. 
Professor Train has served as an expert witness in court cases and regulatory proceedings, on the editorial board of academic journals, and as chair of the Center for Regulatory Policy at UC Berkeley. He has received awards for his teaching and research, including Outstanding Teaching awards from both the undergraduate and graduate economics students' associations at UC Berkeley, an Outstanding Achievement award for his work on energy conservation program evaluation, and the Richard Stone prize in applied econometrics.

</doc>
<doc id="21574291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574291" title="Dog Days Are Over">
Dog Days Are Over

"Dog Days Are Over" is the second single released by Florence and the Machine from their debut album "Lungs". It was originally scheduled for release on 24 November 2008 through Moshi Moshi Records in the UK but was later pushed back for release on 1 December 2008. A day later on 2 December 2008 the single was released in download and seven inch vinyl format through IAMSOUND Records in the US. The B-side to the single is a cover of "You Got the Love" by The Source featuring Candi Staton which later was confirmed as a track on their debut album and the band's fifth single. A demo version of "Dog Days Are Over" is featured on disc two of the deluxe edition of "Lungs". The single reached the top 30 in Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Background and release.
"Dog Days Are Over" was recorded with no instruments in a studio the "size of a loo". The song was inspired by a giant text installment titled "Dog Days Are Over" by artist Ugo Rondinone, which lead singer Florence Welch used to see every day, riding her bike over Waterloo Bridge.
The song was produced and mixed by James Ford of Simian Mobile Disco and The Last Shadow Puppets, who is also famous for producing for the likes of Bloc Party and the Arctic Monkeys. He is also credited as playing piano and guitar on the record.
Florence co-wrote the song with Isabella Summers who is also credited as the song's co-producer, and played piano on the record. Welch and Summers also teamed up for the percussion on the track, together with Charlie Hugall.
"Dog Days Are Over" also features musicians Tom "Moth" Monger (harp), Bruce White (viola), Everton Nelson (violin), Christopher Lloyd Hayden (drums) and Rob Ackroyd (guitar).
Jimmy Robertson, extensively involved in the recording of "Lungs" recorded and mixed "Dog Days Are Over" as well.
An acoustic version of the song was performed live on BBC's Radio 1 Big Weekend. The track has been performed at a great number of high profile festivals through 2008 and 2009, including the Reading and Leeds festivals. The band also performed the song on the Mercury Prize 2009 awards show and BBC Introducing.
A six-minute, forty-second-long Optimo remix of "Dog Days Are Over" has also been made available.
The song was used in an advertisement for programming on RTÉ and in an episode of BAFTA Award-winning teen drama "Skins". In 2010 it was used in an advertising campaign for the television premiere of "Slumdog Millionaire" on Channel 4. It was used in a promo for the first series of CBBC series, Deadly 60. It was also heard in the NBC medical drama "Mercy", and used during a promotional video for the show. In addition the song was used in Episode 3.8 of "Secret Diary of a Call Girl". It also featured in "Gossip Girl" Season 4 Episode 14. In March 2010, the song was used in the theatrical trailer for "Eat, Pray, Love". The song was used in July 2010 for a commercial for "Covert Affairs" and was used in the pilot of the series. The song was used extensively in Australia during winter in 2009, for advertising for the latter half of the 2009 AFL season. This song was covered by Amber Riley (Mercedes) and Jenna Ushkowitz (Tina) from "Glee" on the second season episode "Special Education" in November 2010. The song has also been used extensively in a series of television advertisements by Telus in Canada.
The background music of the song is also featured in a promotional video for the "1GOAL Education for All" campaign called ""2 girls born on the same day"".
Florence and the Machine performed the song at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in December 2010. They performed it on the 21 June 2011 episode of "The Colbert Report".
2010 re-release.
The song was re-released into the UK market on 11 April 2010, accompanied with a new video. When questioned about why there would be a new video, she claimed "The original was so cheap [...] It was a video camera in a forest, with my dad and Marks & Spencer sandwiches."
Critical reception.
The song was praised by critics. According to MusicOMH.com, "'Dog Days Are Over' only seems likely to add to her already burgeoning reputation. While not as immediately catchy as "Kiss with a Fist", it's an urgent, pounding, almost bluesy anthem which shows off Florence's voice to its very best advantage". Further, the track's B-side, a cover of "You've Got the Love", was praised. "Following with her tradition of some finely chosen cover versions, there's even an excellent rendition of The Source's "You Got the Love". Contactmusic.com rated the song 9/10. The website remarked that "It's brilliant. It's a masterful yet primal tour-de-force of folk/pop/rock that reveals a beguiling talent that should surely be regarded as one of the finds of the musical year. "Dog Days Are Over" succeeds in capturing a powerfully 'live' studio sound that sinks, swells and explodes in a series of unconventional verse/choruses that, accentuated by Welch's snarling". In October 2011, "NME" placed it at number 33 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
Chart performance.
On 6 December 2008 "Dog Days Are Over" debuted at #89 on the UK Singles Chart. The following week it dropped one place to #90 before dropping out of the top 100. It then re-entered the chart a month later on 17 January 2009 at #93 before dropping out of the chart again. Approximately four months later the single made another re-entry on 23 May 2009, this time at #91.
Following performances on "Top of the Pops", "Jools Holland" and uses in television advertisement for "Slumdog Millionaire" and "Eat, Pray, Love", "Dog Days Are Over" began to receive increasing amounts of digital downloads, despite not having been re-released. On 10 January 2010, "Dog Days Are Over" re-entered the UK Singles Chart at #23, marking its highest peak to date. However, the following week, on the 17 January 2010, the single fell one place to #24. Following the single's re-release in March 2010, it re-entered the UK Singles Chart at #34 on 4 April 2010. The following week, the single rose to #24 before dropping again.
On 15 January 2010 "Dog Days Are Over" entered the Irish Singles Chart for the first time, reaching a peak of #35. This is the third Top 40 hit for Florence in Ireland. Following its re-release in March 2010, the single once again entered the Irish Singles Chart, this time climbing to #24 and a week later to #17. The following week, the single rose to #15 and the week after #13. On 15 April 2010, the single climbed into the Top 10 at #6, marking its current peak and Florence's second most successful single in the Irish Singles Chart, only to Cosmic Love, a later release.
On the week ending 25 September 2010, "Dog Days Are Over" debuted at #93 on the Billboard Hot 100. Following the performance of "Dog Days Are Over" on the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, the track sold 96,000 digital downloads which signified a 257% increase over the previous week and leaped to number 21 giving Florence her first top 30 hit on the Billboard Hot 100. It has now gone on to sell over 2,000,000 downloads in the United States alone.
Music videos.
The video, filmed in Sydenham Woods, was uploaded onto YouTube on 6 November 2008. "I just made it on a whim. We went down to the woods and we only had one camera. I got my dad to put a clown costume on and my friend's nephew to dress up as the baby clown while we decorated the woods. Dog walkers gave us the weirdest looks. It was really fun." The video starts with Florence lying in a forest, when a person (Isabella Summers) in a white dress comes over and blindfolds her, and leads her to a clearing, filled with eerie-looking carnival/clown dressed people. Florence stands blindfolded for a few seconds, then takes the blindfold off and runs from the people. She eventually trips, and lays there as the carnival/clown people dress her like them. She then goes and dances with them, and the video ends with her walking away with 2 of the other people. The video featured acclaimed performance artist Theo Adams.
On 10 March 2010, UK newspaper "The Sun"'s official website featured the new video that would accompany the re-release of the track on 22 March 2010. It was directed by Georgie Greville and Geremy Jasper and edited by Paul Snyder. It shows Florence dancing in a white-washed room wearing many different costumes and gradually being joined by go-go dancers, drummers wearing tribal outfits, harpists, marching band bass drummers and a gospel choir wearing white and purple. At the climax of the song Florence runs by all the people and as she does, they burst into ash in a flash of brightly coloured light. The video ends with Florence once again standing alone in the room. Throughout the video she wears full-body white make-up with intricate clothing and vivid red eye-liner and blusher.
On 3 August 2010 the video was nominated for four MTV Video Music Awards in the categories Video of the Year, Best Rock Video, Best Art Direction and Best Cinematography, and won for Best Art Direction on 12 September 2010.
Live performances.
"Dog Days" has been performed on every date of the Lungs Tour 2009 and has become a fan favourite. Florence often asks the crowd to do a particular action during the end of the song.
During the songs original promotion, the band played the song at BBC Introducing Sessions, along with "My Boy Builds Coffins", "Kiss with a Fist" and "I'm Not Calling You a Liar".
The song has been performed live several times since the confirmation of the song being re-released. The song was first performed on "" on 18 March 2010. The band also performed the song on "GMTV" on the single's release date, 22 March 2010.
The group performed the song live at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. It was later performed on "Saturday Night Live" on 20 November 2010; and on "The Colbert Report" on 21 June 2011.
Cover versions.
The cast of "Glee" performed the song in the episode "Special Education" on 30 November 2010, with Jenna Ushkowitz (as Tina Cohen-Chang) and Amber Riley (as Mercedes Jones) singing the lead. The cast version was also released as a digital single, and charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at No. 22, one space below a bounding return of the original to its post-VMA peak. It was performed on their 2011 Tour and was featured in the film and live recording soundtrack.
This song was also performed on "The Voice" in the third season's battle round, covered by Team Blake's two indie artists Suzanna Choffel and Lelia Broussard and in the fifth season in the voice by team Cee-Lo Green's Caroline Pennell, the third season of The Sing Off by the season winning group, Pentatonix, and also on the thirteenth season of American Idol by Jena Irene.
It was covered by Chinese artist Shang Wenjie in Chinese TV show I am a Singer. The Finalist of Indonesian Idol (season 8) Yuka Tamada was sing this for first week on Spectacular Show, and receive a great feedback and reach the Top 3.

</doc>
<doc id="21574309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574309" title="Suntar-Khayata Range">
Suntar-Khayata Range

Suntar-Khayata Range () is a granite mountain range rising along border of Sakha Republic in the north with Amur Oblast and Khabarovsk Krai in the south.
The highest point of the range is Mus-Khaya Mountain in Sakha Republic, 2959 m. Berill Mountain, 2933 m, is the highest in Khabarovsk Krai.
Suntar-Khayata Range is a watershed divide between the Aldan River, which eventually flows into the Lena River and the Arctic Ocean, and the Sea of Okhotsk. It contains the southernmost glaciers in the Russian Far East outside of Kamchatka, though its status is not known.
The range is approximately 450–550 km long and 60 km wide.
There are a sparse tree larch forests and tundra in higher on range's slopes.
Geology.
The strata of this geological formation date back to the Late Jurassic. Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Vertebrate paleofauna.
Indeterminate Carnosauria remains, possible indeterminate coelurosaur remains, indeterminate Sauropoda remains that had been previously referred to Camarasauridae indet, and indeterminate Theropoda remains have all been recovered from Suntar outcrops in Sakha Republic, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="21574339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574339" title="Mickey Renaud Captain's Trophy">
Mickey Renaud Captain's Trophy

The Mickey Renaud Captain's Trophy is an award in the Ontario Hockey League which is given to one team captain every year. The award was introduced on February 4, 2009 at the 2009 OHL All-Star Classic hosted at the WFCU Centre in Windsor, Ontario. A selection committee is given the task to choose "the OHL team captain that best exemplifies leadership on and off the ice, with a passion and dedication to the game of hockey and his community” as was demonstrated by Mickey Renaud throughout his OHL career.
Mickey Renaud was the Captain of the Windsor Spitfires, and a fifth round draft pick for the Calgary Flames, before his sudden death on February 18, 2008 of the rare heart condition hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The Windsor Spitfires retired his number 18 the following day, with banner raising held on September 25, 2008. Renaud was the son of former NHL ice hockey defenceman Mark Renaud, who played for the Hartford Whalers and Buffalo Sabres from 1979-1985.

</doc>
<doc id="21574359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574359" title="Woodhaven-Brownstown School District">
Woodhaven-Brownstown School District

The Woodhaven-Brownstown School District in Michigan headquartered in Woodhaven in Metro Detroit. It consists of eight separate schools and students from both the City of Woodhaven and Brownstown Township can attend the district. The district offers grades K-12 with five elementary schools, two middle schools and a high school. There are a total of 5,398 students and 272 teachers as of the 2008-2009 school year.
Schools.
Elementary Schools.
There are five elementary schools in the Woodhaven-Brownstown School District. All of the elementary schools offer grades K-5. 
Bates Elementary was founded by Raymond G. Bates in September 1957. Bates is located on 22811 Gudith Road. The principal of Bates is C. Godfrey.
Bates Elementary has 540 students as of the 2008-2009 school year. 
Erving Elementary was named after Mary Quick Erving. She had served on the first school board in 1924 and continued to serve for 22 more years. Erving Elementary is located on 24175 Hall Road and the principal is Mrs. C. Berry. Erving Elementary has 428 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
Gudith Elementary was named after the Gudith family. John Gudith was involved in school board matters for 29 years and William Gudith was involved for 38 years. The site of the elementary school was the original site of the Gudith's family home. Gudith Elementary is located at 22700 Sibley Road and the principal is Dr. J. Pfalzer. Now, Gudith has 335 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
Wegienka Elementary was named in honor of Mark Wegienka. After completing his formal education, Mr. Wegienka entered the education profession at Eurekadale School in 1941. In 1943, he was named teacher-principal of Hand School, and became superintendent of that district in 1954. In 1968, Mr. Wegienka was appointed first superintendent of the newly formed Woodhaven School District, a post he held until his retirement in 1976. Wegienka is located at 23925 Arsenal Road and the principal is Ms. A. LaPointe. Wegienka now has 553 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
Yake Elementary was named after Elin Christine Yake who was an immigrant from Sweden. She was very active in the schools and helped get Bates Elementary built. Yake Elementary is located at 16400 Carter Road and the principal is Mr. T. Podlewski. Yake now has 477 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
Middle Schools.
There are two middle schools in the Woodhaven-Brownstown school district. Brownstown Middle School which offers grades 6-7. It is located at 20135 Inkster Road and its principal is Mr. A. Clark. The assistant principal for Brownstown Middle School is Mrs. S. Peterson. It has 812 students as of the 2008-2009 school year. The other middle school is Patrick Henry Middle school which offers grades 8-9.
Patrick Henry Middle School was named in honor of Patrick Henry. Patrick Henry Middle School is located at 24825 Hall Road. Its principal is Mrs. M. Mazei and the assistant principal is Mr. Salah. Patrick Henry Middle school now has 894 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
High School.
Woodhaven High School was first opened in the Fall of 1972. It is located at 24787 Van Horn Road. Its principal is Mr. M. Czajkowski and the assistant principal is Mr. Jay Vesperman. Woodhaven High school now has 1,237 students as of the 2008-2009 school year.
History.
The Woodhaven-Brownstown School District was founded in 1968 . Before the district was in place, students attended Bates Elementary until seventh grade and then attended Trenton School District.In the late 1960s the Carson School District, the Hand School District, and the Maple Grove School District and the Brownstown #10 School District were ordered by court to join together to form one school district which offered grades K-12. The school district was then renamed to the Woodhaven School District.

</doc>
<doc id="21574374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574374" title="Helen Williams">
Helen Williams

Helen Mary Williams CB (born 30 June 1950) is a British civil servant and Director of School Curriculum and Pupil Well-being at the Department for Children, Schools and Families. 
Born to Graham Myatt and Mary Harrison she was educated at Allerton High School in Leeds before matriculating to St Hilda's College, Oxford, where she gained an honours degree in Modern History. She began work for the Department for Education and Skills in 1972, and between 1984 and 1993 worked as an Assistant Secretary in the Department for Education dealing with Research Council funding. From 1993 to 1998 she was on loan from the Department for Education working for the Office of Science and Technology, reporting to first William Stewart and then to Sir John Cadogan. In 1999 she returned to the Department for Education, now the Department for Education and Employment, and became Director of School Organisation and Funding. In 2002 she became Director of Primary Education and e-learning, and in 2004 she was made Co-Director of School Standards before being promoted to Director of School Curriculum and Pupil Well-being in 2006. She was made a Companion of the Bath in the 2006 New Year Honours.
Personal life.
Her first marriage was to Ian Vaughan Williams in 1975; the marriage ended in a divorce in 1982. She remarried in 1993 to David Forrester, another civil servant, with whom she has two children, one son and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21574378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574378" title="TB9Cs4H1 snoRNA">
TB9Cs4H1 snoRNA

TB9Cs4H1 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB9Cs4H1 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of SSU ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ2123.

</doc>
<doc id="21574384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574384" title="Jan Prinsloo">
Jan Prinsloo

Johannes "Jan" Albertus Prinsloo was a South African rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for South Africa, and at provincial level for Western Province, as a Wing, i.e. number 11 or 14, and playing representative rugby league (RL) for Rugby League XIII, and at club level for St. Helens, and Wakefield Trinity, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
International honours.
Jan Prinsloo won caps for South Africa (RU) while at Western Province in 1958 against France (2 matches), and represented Rugby League XIII (RL) while at ?.
Career at St. Helens.
Jan Prinsloo scored his first try for St. Helens as part of a two-try début against Rochdale Hornets on Saturday 8 November 1958. In the 1958–59 season Prinsloo scored hat-tricks against Salford and Blackpool Borough for a season total of 27-tries from 31 games. Prinsloo played a vital part in finishing dazzling moves for many a St. Helens victory including the sensational 1959 Championship Final win by 44 points to 22 over a great Hunslet side where Prinsloo exhibited a fabulous touchline dash rounded off with his trademark 'swallow dive' over the tryline. In the 1959–60 season Prinsloo scored 4-tries against Liverpool City and a hat-trick of tries against Hull, finishing the season with 29-tries from 38 matches. The following year brought more success with a hat-trick of tries against Workington Town. In 1960 Prinsloo also won a Lancashire Cup winners medal when the St. Helens defeated Swinton by 15 points to 9 in front of a crowd of over 31,000 at Central Park. His final match for St. Helens was against Warrington on Saturday 7 January 1961. The transferring of both Prinsloo to Wakefield Trinity and Frank Carlton to Wigan paved the way for a £11,000 World Record transfer to bring Mick Sullivan to Knowsley Road. Prinsloo had the daunting task of wearing the St. Helens number five jersey at the same time as Tom van Vollenhoven was setting the whole game on fire on the other wing. His record and strike-rate demonstrates what a fine finisher Prinsloo was in rugby league.

</doc>
<doc id="21574392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574392" title="The Tyranny of Structurelessness">
The Tyranny of Structurelessness

"The Tyranny of Structurelessness" is an influential essay by American feminist Jo Freeman inspired by her experiences in a 1960s women's liberation group that concerns power relations within radical feminist collectives.
The essay reflected on the experiments of the feminist movement in resisting the idea of leaders and even discarding any structure or division of labor. However, as Hilary Wainwright wrote in Zmag, Freeman described how "this apparent lack of structure too often disguised an informal, unacknowledged and unaccountable leadership that was all the more pernicious because its very existence was denied."
The phrase has been used to describe one problem in organizing, the other being "rigidity of structure," according to ecofeminist Starhawk.
In 2008 "Community Development Journal" reviewed the article as a "classic text" which editors felt had influenced the practice of community development. That year a John F. Kennedy School of Government course used the paper in a course on leadership.
Some anarchists have objected to Freeman's analysis because it also has been applied to some anarchist organizing. Howard J. Ehrlich discussed the negative impact of the article on anarchist organizing in "Reinventing Anarchy, Again." Cathy Levine wrote a 1979 rejoinder "The Tyranny of Tyranny." In a review of the essay for "", Jason McQuinn noted its popularity among leftist and platformist anarchists. __NOTOC__
Publication history.
The essay originated as a speech given to the Southern Female Rights Union at a conference in Beulah, Mississippi in May 1970. Freeman has stated that it was transcribed in 1971 for the feminist magazine "Notes from the Third Year" (whose editors chose not to include it) and submitted to several women's liberation movement publications, only one of which sought her permission to publish it. Other outlets published it without asking, and it was first officially published in the journal "The Second Wave" in 1972. It was issued in pamphlet form by Agitprop in 1972, and later by the Organisation of Revolutionary Anarchists, Leeds Group, United Kingdom. In 1973 the author published different versions in the "Berkeley Journal of Sociology" and in "Ms." magazine. It also was published in "Radical Feminism" by Anne Koedt, Ellen Levine, and Anita Rapone. Later printings included that of the Anarchist Workers' Association (Kingston Group), and in 1984 in a pamphlet called "Untying the Knot - Feminism, Anarchism & Organisation" jointly published by Dark Star Press and Rebel Press (printed by Aldgate Press).

</doc>
<doc id="21574394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574394" title="Šilentabor">
Šilentabor

Šilentabor is a small settlement north of Zagorje in the Municipality of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Tabor" to "Tabor nad Knežakom" in 1955. The name was changed again to "Šilentabor" in 2000.
Castle.
Šilentabor Castle was a 15th-century castle, of which only few ruins are visible today. Archaeological excavations have revealed remains of a medieval defence structure and yielded numerous artifacts, confirming construction and life within the castle complex from the 15th to 17th centuries, as mentioned in historical sources.
Church.
The local church, built to the south of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Martin and belongs to the Parish of Zagorje.

</doc>
<doc id="21574396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574396" title="Tom Peterson (cyclist)">
Tom Peterson (cyclist)

Thomas "Tom" Peterson (born December 24, 1986) is an American professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam . Following a six year stint with , Peterson joined for the 2013 and 2014 seasons. Since joining the renamed squad, Peterson's role is primarily that of a domestique. A resident of Bellevue, Washington, Peterson owns the Peterson Bike Shop in Renton, Washington, United States.
__NOTOC__
Palmarès.
Sources:
Grand Tour general classification results timeline.
Withdrew = WD; In Progress = IP.

</doc>
<doc id="21574422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574422" title="Matthew Wren (writer)">
Matthew Wren (writer)

Matthew Wren (20 August 1629 – 14 June 1672) was an English politician and writer. He is now known as an opponent of James Harrington, and a monarchist who made qualified use of the ideas of Thomas Hobbes.
Life.
He was the eldest child of the Royalist Bishop of Ely Matthew Wren and Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Cutler of Ipswich, and therefore cousin of Sir Christopher Wren. He was educated at both Peterhouse, Cambridge and the University of Oxford, graduating M.A. at Oxford on 9 September 1661.
He was secretary to Edward Hyde, Earl of Clarendon, from 1660 to 1667, M.P. for St. Michael (1661 to 1672), and secretary to James, Duke of York (1667 to 1672). He was fatally injured accompanying the duke at the Battle of Solebay in 1672 and died on his return to Greenwich. He was buried with his father at Pembroke Hall, Cambridge.
He was one of the council of the Royal Society named in Charles II's original charter, dated 15 July 1662, and was a prominent member of the Society.
Works.
He wrote: 
J. G. A. Pocock describes him as the leading contemporary opponent of Harrington, and an illustration in his views of the theory of possessive individualism of C. B. Macpherson. Francis D. Wormuth writes that Wren reversed the relation between politics and economics found in Harrington. According to I. Bernard Cohen, Wren may have been the first, in "Monarchy Asserted", to apply the term 'revolution' to the English Revolution. The book was dedicated to John Wilkins, and Wren's introduction explained that the anonymous "Considerations" had been taken by Harrington to come from the whole group of Oxford experimentalists around Wilkins (to which Wren belonged, as did his more famous cousin Christopher Wren).

</doc>
<doc id="21574427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574427" title="Telugu Cinema Charitra">
Telugu Cinema Charitra

Telugu Cinema Charitra, (English: The History of Telugu Cinema; Telugu: తెలుగు సినిమా చరిత్ర) is a research book on Telugu Cinema History, by film critic, writer and Journalist B. Venkateshwarlu, published in 1997. The book is considered one of the first major studies of Telugu Film Industry between 1912 to 1995.
Publishing.
The 'Telugu Cinema Charitra' has published by Nextstep Publications & Entertainments, Hyderabad and marketed by Vishalandra Publishing House, Hyderabad.
Content.
First published in 1997, it was a keen research covering five major periods: Telugu Cinema in Silent Era (1912–1930) Early Tollywood (1931–1940), Golden Era (1941–1975), Commercial Culture in Telugu Cinema (1976–1995) and The Modern Era. 
The book also includes as articles, such Silent Movie, World Cinema, Bollywood, Animation in Tollywood, Parallel Cinema, Telugu Cinema Legends in this film.
Awards.
Telugu Cinema Charitra book selected for prestigious Nandi Awards from Government of Andhra Pradesh, India in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21574456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574456" title="Jono Jumamoy">
Jono Jumamoy

Jono Jumamoy (born Jose Jono Jumamoy on November 6, 1986) is the youngest mayor elected in the Philippines history at age 21. The late senator and statesman Ninoy Aquino became the youngest mayor in the Philippines in Concepcion, Tarlac at age 22.
Early life and career.
Jumamoy chose to leave his promising pasture at the World Bank instead he went back to Philippines to run as mayor in Inabanga, Bohol on May 14, 2007 elections. He won by over 6,000 votes against his political opponent.
Born to Jose and Maria Socorro Jumamoy, also politicians in Bohol, he finished his elementary and high school education at Holy Spirit School, Grace Christian Military School and Bohol Wisdom School. He entered college at the Centre for International Education in Cebu City, Philippines and later culminated his degree with dual majors in International Business and Management at the Northwood University in West Palm Beach, Florida, USA.
Jumamoy was the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) Federation president of Inabanga in 2002.
Awards.
The Sangguniang Kabataan (SK)paid tribute to Jumamoy as young Boholano achievers in a video shown during the SK Bohol Congress in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21574460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574460" title="David Forrester">
David Forrester

David Michael Forrester FRSA (22 June 1944) is a British consultant and former civil servant.
He was born to Reginald and Minnie Forrester and educated at St. Paul’s School before matriculating to King's College, Cambridge, where he gained a first class BA in 1966 followed by an MA. He was an inaugural Kennedy Scholar and attended Harvard University before returning to the United Kingdom, where he joined the Department of Education and Science (DES) in 1967.
From 1971 he worked as a private secretary to the Parliamentary Under-Secretary for the department before his promotion to Principal in 1972. In 1976 he transferred to HM Treasury, where he worked for two years before returning to the Department of Education and Science as an assistant secretary. He transferred to the Department of Trade and Industry in 1985 to fulfil the same duties before moving back to the DES in 1988, this time as an Under Secretary. In 1994 he became head of Further Education, and in 1995 he was made Director of Further Education and Youth Training, a position he left in 2001. He currently serves as a governor of City and Islington College and works as an independent consultant.
Personal life.
His first marriage was to Diana Douglas in 1978; the marriage ended in a divorce in 1983. He remarried in 1993 to Helen Williams, another civil servant, with whom he has two children, one son and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="21574472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574472" title="Šmihel, Pivka">
Šmihel, Pivka

Šmihel is a village south of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Šmihel na Krasu" (literally, 'Saint Michael on the Karst') to "Dolane" in 1952. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Šmihel" was restored in 1990.
Church.
The parish church, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to Saint Michael and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="21574504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574504" title="Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf">
Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf

Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf was established in 2008 and is one of the few breweries in the Czech Republic to produce ale rather than just lager.
Kocour also collaborates with brewers around the world to produce special beers, such as the V3 Rauchbier - a collaboration between Kocour, Kaltenecker in Slovakia and a Hungarian craft brewer.

</doc>
<doc id="21574505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574505" title="Trnje, Pivka">
Trnje, Pivka

Trnje () is a village east of Pivka in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass graves.
Trnje is the site of two known mass graves associated with the Second World War. The Tiček Cave Mass Grave () lies north of the village, in a shallow karst valley on the east side of Lake Petelinje (). It contains the remains of undetermined victims based on human bones found at the site by spelunkers. The Shaft 1 by the Muha Enclosure Mass Grave () lies 2 km northeast of the village. It was excavated in October 2009, revealing 37 victims and eight German military ID tags. The remains were reburied in December 2009 in Block F of the German military cemetery in Celje.
Church.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Trinity and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
Recreation.
The village offers farm tourism and a riding school.

</doc>
<doc id="21574515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574515" title="Farneta">
Farneta

Farneta is a town and "frazione" of the "comune" of Montefiorino, Italy, located in the Apennines of the province of Modena. 
Located between the two hamlets of Gusciola (c. 2 km distant) and Romanoro (c. 7 km), the town in subdivided in four divisions: I Boschi, Il Monte, Il Castello and La Chiesa that since the Middle Ages battle themselves in the so-called "district games". 
In the 1980s Farneta was the destination of numerous Italian comedians, musicians and players used to bring their show in town to amuse its local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="21574516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574516" title="1884 New Zealand rugby union tour of New South Wales">
1884 New Zealand rugby union tour of New South Wales

The first New Zealand team was selected in 1884, for a tour to New South Wales.
It was a private organized selection (the New Zealand Rugby Union will be founded only eight years after)
Before to start, they played a match against a Wellington XV, won 9 to nil.
The team played its first match at home, against a Wellington XV, before recording eight wins in eight matches in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21574521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574521" title="1893 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia">
1893 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia

The 1893 New Zealand tour rugby to Australia was the second tour by the New Zealand national rugby union team to Australia. Ten matches were played against regional and district sides.
It was the first official tour arranged by New Zealand Rugby Union, founded the year before.
Before the tour, the New Zealander, plays a match against a "Combined XV" in Wellington, winning 7 to 4

</doc>
<doc id="21574539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574539" title="1897 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia">
1897 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia

The 1897 New Zealand tour rugby to Australia was the third tour by the New Zealand national rugby union team to Australia. Ten matches were played against regional and district sides.

</doc>
<doc id="21574548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574548" title="Javier Santana">
Javier Santana

Starlin Javier Santana (born 16 October 1988 in Palo Verde, Monte Cristi) is a Dominican footballer currently playing for FC Tuggen.
Career.
Santana began his career with FC Spreitenbach before in 2002 was signed by FC Zürich. He left in summer 2007 FC Zürich and played in the first half of the season 2007/2008 eleven games on loan for Laredo Heat. After a half year with the first team of FC Zürich was loaned out in January 2009 for the rest of the season to FC Schaffhausen. He played eleven games for FC Schaffhausen and returned in summer 2009 to FC Zürich, but the contract was resigned in December 2009. After the releasing by FC Zürich signed on 19 January 2010 for FC Tuggen.

</doc>
<doc id="21574554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574554" title="News, Sport &amp; Weather">
News, Sport &amp; Weather

News, Sport & Weather is a regular Sky News programme providing news and sport "in 20 minutes, every 20 minutes". The programme airs daily 8 pm – 9 pm and additionally 2 pm – 5 pm at weekends, which is in 15-minute segments.
During early 2010, the evening weekday NSW broadcasts were covered by various presenters. From 10 September these are presented Monday–Friday by Martin Stanford - after the axing of his show SkyNews.com. The Friday evening edition continues to run from 7 pm, whereas Monday–Thursday they start from 8 pm.
In early 2011, Sky News started to scale back this format. It now currently only exists for one hour in weekdays from 8 pm, and is now in 20-minute news wraps. The 9 pm hour was replaced by Sky News At Nine and Press Preview. It is still broadcast for two hours on Friday nights from 7 pm. Bank Holiday editions are now replaced by 30-minute Sky News bulletins.
Presenters and broadcasts.
"News, Sport & Weather" slots tend to be presented by various different Sky News presenters; however, most slots do have a regular presenter. 

</doc>
<doc id="21574555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574555" title="Raz update of Schein's organizational culture model">
Raz update of Schein's organizational culture model

Raz update of Schein's Organizational culture model.
Schein model for describing and measuring organizational culture is a well known model which is being used variedly by organizational consulters. The model were published by Edgar Schein at the 80' of the 20th century. However, it has some uncertain aspects, in which Raz update of the model is taking care of.
Schein's model.
Schein model defines organizational culture as the deepest and strongest aspect of organization life. The culture has three cognitive levels which one can measure. The first level is where the organizational attributes that can be seen, felt and heard by the uninitiated observer – this level includes – behavior, colours, furnishings, recognition. The attributes can be measured by observation of anyone that meets the culture. The next level is about the professed culture of the organization members – this level includes – slogans, flyers, lists, statements. One can measure there by interviews and reading papers of the organization. The last and deepest level is where lays the organization's tacit assumptions – these elements are unseen, subconscious, the 'unspoken rules' of the organization. To find out those tacit assumptions, one needs to discover the in-depth of the organization by deep observation and interpretation of an expert.
Schein's model gives an opportunity to measure these levels and to compare the links between them. if the links are strongs then there is a strong organizational culture.
Problems with Schein's model.
First problem – It is not really clear what is the difference between the professed culture and the tacit assumptions. It is hard to define when some kind of professed culture becomes a tacit assumption. For example, principle of discipline could be professed or tacit. Moreover, the saying that the tacit assumptions cannot be examined by interviews and questionnaires gives too much credit to the investigator to decide what he sees.
Second problem – the term of organizational attributes is too vague and general. It includes almost everything that happens in the organization – from a smile to the color of a desk. By being too wide this term loses its power.
Raz update of Schein's Organizational culture model.
Aviad Raz published an update that tries to deal with these two problems. First – he puts together both the professed culture and the tacit assumptions, and set them against the norms – so there are values – the wishful situation - which one can measure by reading papers and interviewing, against the norms which are really happening, and that one can measure by observing and interviewing. 
Second – Raz suggest to treat the attributes only as the physical objects at the organization – then, the term becomes much more accurate and stronger.
The strength of the organizational culture will be measured through two gaps – Objective gap – the gap between the values and the norms. Subjective gap – the gap between the values and understanding of the employees of what the values are. If these two gaps are not excised or mild – then there is a strong organizational culture.

</doc>
<doc id="21574559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574559" title="Eibsee">
Eibsee

Eibsee is a lake in Bavaria, Germany, 9 km southwest of Garmisch-Partenkirchen and roughly 100 km southwest of Munich. At an elevation of 973.28 m, its surface area is 177.4 ha. Eibsee lies at the base of the Zugspitze (2950 meters above sea level), Germany's highest mountain.
As of May 2010, trains from Munich to Garmisch-Partenkirchen leave roughly once an hour and the trip takes about an hour and a half. Buses travel regularly from the train station in Garmisch-Partenkirchen to Eibsee. A valid train ticket can often be used to ride the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="21574560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574560" title="Osterseen">
Osterseen

Osterseen is a group of lakes in Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 588 m, its surface area is 223.55 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21574561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574561" title="Bärwalder See">
Bärwalder See

Bärwalder See is a lake in Landkreis Görlitz, Saxony, Germany. At an elevation of 125 m, its surface area is 12.99 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574562" title="Aasee (Münster)">
Aasee (Münster)

Aasee is a lake at Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. At an elevation of 54 m, its surface area is 0.402 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574563" title="Kulkwitzer See">
Kulkwitzer See

Kulkwitzer See is a lake in Saxony, Germany. At an elevation of 114.5 m, its surface area is 1.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574564" title="Waginger See">
Waginger See

Waginger See is a lake in Alpenvorland, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 441 m, its surface area is 9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574565" title="Werbeliner See">
Werbeliner See

Werbeliner See is a lake in Saxony, Germany. At an elevation of 98.0 m, its surface area is 4.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574566" title="Werbellinsee">
Werbellinsee

Werbellinsee is a lake in the Barnim district of Brandenburg, Germany. It is located south of Joachimsthal in the Schorfheide-Chorin Biosphere Reserve. The southern shore belongs to the Schorfheide municipality. With a surface area of it is the fourth largest lake in Brandenburg and with the second deepest (after Lake Stechlin).
Overview.
Werbellinsee became famous for the Hubertusstock hunting lodge on its western shore, originally built in 1849, later the resort of East German leader Erich Honecker, where he received several official guests, among them West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt in December 1981. The eastern shore near the village of Altenhof was the site of a large Young Pioneer camp ("Pionierrepublik Wilhelm Pieck"). 
Today the lake is a popular destination for yachtsmen and the site of several sailing regattas. It is navigable connected with the Oder river and the Baltic Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="21574567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574567" title="Pilsensee">
Pilsensee

Pilsensee is a lake in Oberbayern, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 534 m, its surface area is 1.95 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21574568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574568" title="Lanker See">
Lanker See

The Lanker See is a lake in the region of Holstein Switzerland in North Germany. It lies south of the town of Preetz in the district of Plön, and is crossed from south to north by the River Schwentine. 
The Lanker See has wealth of small bays.
Almost the entire western area from the lakeshore to the tracks of the Preetz-Ascheberg railway line are a nature reserve.
The Lanker See has a surface area of , is up to 21 metres deep and is about .
It is divided into a large northern and a smaller southern part, that are joined by a passage a little more than 1 metre deep.
Without the islands its shore length is 17 km.
The Lanker See lies in the borough of Preetz and the municipalities of Kühren, Wahlstorf and Schellhorn. 

</doc>
<doc id="21574569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574569" title="Behler See">
Behler See

The Behler See is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany. It lies between Timmdorf (municipality of Malente) to the east and the town of Plön to the west. To the east it transitions into the Langensee, to the west into the Höftsee.
All these lakes are crossed from east to west by the River Schwentine.
The Behler See is named after the village of Behl in the municipality of Grebin, which lies to the north.
It has an area of , is up to 43 metres deep and its surface elevation is about .

</doc>
<doc id="21574570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574570" title="Höftsee">
Höftsee

The Höftsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland in North Germany.
It lies on the River Schwentine east of the town of Plön between the Behler See and the Großer Plöner See.
It has an area of about , is up to 16 metres deep and lies about .
There is a watermill on the Höftsee that makes use of the drop between the Höftsee and the Großer Plöner See.
The associated weir is impassable to boats. There is however a boat slide that considerably eases the transportation of boats over land.

</doc>
<doc id="21574599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574599" title="Tribocorrosion">
Tribocorrosion

Tribocorrosion is a material degradation process due to the combined effect of corrosion and wear. The name tribocorrosion expresses the underlying disciplines of tribology and corrosion. Tribology is concerned with the study of friction, lubrication and wear (its name comes from the Greek "tribo" meaning to rub) and corrosion is concerned with the chemical and electrochemical interactions between a material, normally a metal, and its environment. As a field of research tribocorrosion is relatively new, but tribocorrosion phenomena have been around ever since machines and installations are being used.
Wear is a mechanical material degradation process occurring on rubbing or impacting surfaces, while corrosion involves chemical or electrochemical reactions of the material. Corrosion may accelerate wear and wear may accelerate corrosion. One then speaks of corrosion accelerated wear or wear accelerated corrosion. Both these phenomena, as well as fretting corrosion (which results from small amplitude oscillations between contacting surfaces) fall into the broader category of tribocorrosion. Erosion-corrosion is another tribocorrosion phenomenon involving mechanical and chemical effects: impacting particles or fluids erode a solid surface by abrasion, chipping or fatigue while simultaneously the surface corrodes.
Phenomena in different engineering fields.
Tribocorrosion occurs in many engineering fields. It reduces the life-time of pipes, valves and pumps, of waste incinerators, of mining equipment or of medical implants, and it can affect the safety of nuclear reactors or of transport systems. On the other hand, tribocorrosion phenomena can also be applied to good use, for example in the chemical-mechanical planarization of wafers in the electronics industry or in metal grinding and cutting in presence of aqueous emulsions. Keeping this in mind, we may define tribocorrosion in a more general way independently of the notion of usefulness or damage or of the particular type of mechanical interaction: Tribocorrosion concerns the irreversible transformation of materials or of their function as a result of simultaneous mechanical and chemical/electrochemical interactions between surfaces in relative motion.
Biotribocorrosion.
Biotribocorrosion covers the science of surface transformations resulting from the interactions of mechanical loading and chemical/electrochemical reactions that occur between elements of a tribological system exposed to biological environments. It has been studied for aritificial joint prostheses. It is important to understand material degradation processes for joint implants to achieve longer service life and better safety issues for such devices.
Passive metals.
While tribocorrosion phenomena may affect many materials, they are most critical for metals, especially the normally corrosion resistant so-called passive metals. The vast majority of corrosion resistant metals and alloys used in engineering (stainless steels, titanium, aluminium etc.) fall into this category. These metals are thermodynamically unstable in the presence of oxygen or water and they derive their corrosion resistance from the presence at the surface of a thin oxide film, called the passive film, which acts as a protective barrier between the metal and its environment. Passive films are usually just a few atomic layers thick. Nevertheless, they can provide excellent corrosion protection because if damaged accidentally they spontaneously self-heal by metal oxidation. However, when a metal surface is subjected to severe rubbing or to a stream of impacting particles the passive film damage becomes continuous and extensive. The self-healing process may no longer be effective and in addition it requires a high rate of metal oxidation. In other words, the underlying metal will strongly corrode before the protective passive film is reformed, if at all. In such a case, the total material loss due to tribocorrosion will be much higher than the sum of wear and corrosion one would measure in experiments with the same metal where only wear or only corrosion takes place. The example illustrates the fact that the rate of tribocorrosion is not simply the addition of the rate of wear and the rate of corrosion but it is strongly affected by synergistic and antagonistic effects between mechanical and chemical mechanisms. To study such effects in the laboratory, one most often uses mechanical wear testing rigs which are equipped with an electrochemical cell. This permits one to control independently the mechanical and chemical parameters. For example, by imposing a given potential to the rubbing metal one can simulate the oxidation potential of the environment and in addition, under certain conditions, the current flow is a measure of the instantaneous corrosion rate. For a deeper understanding tribocorrosion experiments are supplemented by detailed microscopic and analytical studies of the contacting surfaces.
At high temperatures, the more rapid generation of oxide due to a combination of temperature and tribological action during sliding wear can generate potentially wear resistant oxide layers known as 'glazes'. Under such circumstances, tribocorrosion can be used potentially in a beneficial way.

</doc>
<doc id="21574620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574620" title="Brickplayer">
Brickplayer

Brickplayer was a British construction toy with four sizes of sets (1 to 4) made by J. W. Spear of Enfield in North London, later supplementary sets like a Farmyard version were introduced. They were designed in the same scale as '0' gauge model railways. The preference for 'HO' scale railways and the easy to use Lego type plastic toys saw it disappear by the mid-1960s. Its popularity suffered due to its complexity and dated pre-war Metroland style houses.
The sets comprised baseboards, terracotta bricks and lintels, plastic door and window frames, card doors and roofing. The bricks were about 1 inch long in scale proportion to regular house bricks. Building plans were accurate architect's blue prints.
Buildings were constructed on allegedly waterproof waxed card bases. The bricks etc. were stuck together with a mortar made from a mixture of flour and chalk powder. It required a great amount of skill to erect buildings accurately, very time-consuming and beyond the patience of most of the children it was aimed at (8 to 14 years). Especially so in cold houses (as most British homes then were) it would take several days for the building to 'set'. Reusing the components involved a process of dunking the entire model in a large bowl of warm water. After the model fell apart the bricks and plaster pieces required lengthy rinsing to remove all organic traces to prevent mould growing on them.
When well made, models were very realistic and many high road estate agents (realtors) would place a model or two in their shop windows. [http://ndyarrissaykoaugeodelsallery.fotopic.net/p55285342.html]
External links.
For lots of information and photos please visit; www.brickplayer.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="21574647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574647" title="1903 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia">
1903 New Zealand rugby union tour of Australia

The 1903 New Zealand tour rugby to Australia was the fourth tour by the New Zealand national rugby union team to Australia. Nine matches were played against regional and district sides along with one Test match between the two national sides.

</doc>
<doc id="21574670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574670" title="1996 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
1996 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 1996 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. It was the tenth edition of the tournament and ran from September 30 through October 6, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="21574676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574676" title="Bermuda chub">
Bermuda chub

The Bermuda chub, "Kyphosus sectatrix", a sea chub of the genus "Kyphosus", is found in the Caribbean and off Florida, Bahamas, Bermuda, and in the Gulf of Mexico along coral reefs and walls. Its length is between 1 and 2 feet on average, with a maximum of 2.5 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="21574683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574683" title="Mus-Khaya Mountain">
Mus-Khaya Mountain

Mus-Khaya Mountain (, ) is a mountain in Sakha Republic and the highest point of Suntar-Khayata Range.
An elevation of ice-covered summit is 2,959 m.
The mountain is located 485 km to the south of Arctic Circle and 135 km to the southwest of Oymyakon.
The "Mus-Khaya" means "Icy Mountain" in Sakha language.

</doc>
<doc id="21574688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574688" title="Elsner+Flake">
Elsner+Flake

Elsner+Flake is a trademark used by German type foundry originally called EF Designstudios but later renamed Elsner+Flake Type Consulting GmbH and is currently based in Hamburg. The company was founded in 1986 by Veronika Elsner and Günther Flake after their ten-year freelance experience in type design, typography and digitizing of fonts and logos.
The collection of digital fonts by Elsner+Flake numbers more than 2500. The fonts are available in Mac PostScript, PC PostScript, PC TrueType and Plain OpenType.

</doc>
<doc id="21574743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574743" title="Heart Cambridge">
Heart Cambridge

Heart 103 (formerly Q103) was an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting to Cambridge on 103.0 MHz and DAB Digital Radio. Heart also broadcast in Newmarket and Haverhill on 97.4 MHz.
History.
The station was originally owned by Mid-Anglia Radio and began life as CNFM (Cambridge and Newmarket FM) in February 1989, before being renamed to Q103 FM in June 1994 when it was acquired by the GWR Group. 
In 2004 the name was slightly adjusted to Q103 Cambridge after their launch on DAB Digital Radio. On 1 August 2007, Q103 reverted to their 2004 strapline of "Today's Best Mix", also dropping the "Cambridge" from their name to reflect the newly extended TSA area (covering Haverhill and the longly served Newmarket on the Cambridgeshire-Suffolk border). Q103 also introduced their new jingle package. On Monday 30 June 2008, Q103 along with other One Network stations adopted the strapline "More Music Variety", in essence a reversion to the previous strapline.
On 5 January 2009, the station was rebranded as Heart Cambridge.
On 21 June 2010, Global Radio announced plans to close Heart Cambridge and merge the station with Heart Peterborough as part of plans to reduce the Heart network of stations from 33 to 16. The new station, "Heart Cambridgeshire" began broadcasting from Peterborough on Friday 2 July 2010. On 19 September 2011, the station announced it would relocate to the former Q103 studios just outside Cambridge, in Histon.

</doc>
<doc id="21574745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574745" title="1997 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
1997 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 1997 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from October 13 through October 20, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="21574755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574755" title="Caleb Saleeby">
Caleb Saleeby

Caleb Williams Saleeby (1878 – 9 December 1940) was an English physician, writer, and journalist known for his support of eugenics. During World War I, he was an adviser to the Minister of Food and advocated the establishment of a Ministry of Health.
Biography.
Saleeby was born in Sussex, the son of E. G. Saleeby. At Edinburgh University, he took First Class Honours and was an Ettles Scholar and Scott Scholar in Obstetrics. In 1904, he received his Doctor of Medicine degree. He was a resident at the Maternity Hospital and the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, and briefly at the York City Dispensary.
He became a prolific freelance writer and journalist, with strong views on many subjects. He became known in particular as an advocate of eugenics: in 1907 he was influential in launching the Eugenics Education Society, and in 1909 he published (in New York) "Parenthood and Race Culture".
He was a contributor to the first edition of Arthur Mee's "The Children's Encyclopædia". Like Mee, he was a keen temperance reformer. Saleeby's contributions to the "Encyclopedia" were explicitly race realist: he saw mankind as the pinnacle of evolution, and white men as superior to other men, based on "craniometry".
He predicted the use of atomic power, "perhaps not for hundreds of years". He favoured the education of women, but primarily so they should become better mothers. In "Woman and Womanhood" (1912), he wrote: "Women, being constructed by Nature, as individuals, for her racial ends, are happier and more beautiful, live longer and more beautiful lives, when they follow, as mothers or foster-mothers the role of motherhood". Yet, at this time when the suffragette movement was at its peak, he also wrote that he could see no good reason against the vote for women: "I believe in the vote; I believe it will be eugenic".
During World War I, he was an adviser to the Minister of Food and argued in favour of the establishment of a Ministry of Health. Later, he moved away from eugenics, and did not publish any further writings on this subject after 1921—though he continued to write on health matters in particular. He also campaigned for clean air and the benefits of sunlight, founding a Sunlight League in 1924.
He died on 9 December 1940 from heart failure at Apple Tree, Aldbury, near Tring.

</doc>
<doc id="21574760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574760" title="Thomas Dewar Weldon">
Thomas Dewar Weldon

Thomas Dewar Weldon (5 December 1896, Marylebone, London – 13 May 1958, Oxford), known as Harry, was a British philosopher.
Life.
Thomas Welson was born at 3 Bryanston Mansions, York Street, Marylebone, London, in 1896. After an education at Tonbridge School, he won a scholarship to read literae humaniores at Magdalen College, Oxford, though his assumption of it was postponed when he was made an officer in the Royal Field Artillery in 1915. He spent World War I in France, rising to acting captain, being wounded and winning the Military Cross and bar). He finally went up to Oxford in 1919, graduating with a first class degree in 1921 and being elected a fellow at philosophy tutor at his college two years later, getting to know CS Lewis (though Lewis described Weldon as quick to anger and cynical). He then served as Rhodes travelling fellow in 1930, a civil servant in London from 1939 to 1942, and PA to Arthur Harris in RAF Bomber Command at High Wycombe from 1942 to 1945. In the final of these three roles he justified Harris's bombing strategy to politicians and the public. His death in 1958 was attributed by college rumour to suicide but was in fact due to a cerebral haemorrhage.

</doc>
<doc id="21574769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574769" title="Ann Arbor Neutral Zone">
Ann Arbor Neutral Zone

The Ann Arbor Neutral Zone is a diverse, youth-driven teen center founded in 1998, dedicated to promoting personal growth through artistic expression, community leadership and the exchange of ideas.
It provides a study space with tutoring, snacks, weekly dinners, and a place to hang out with friends. In addition, NZ offers 24 regular programs in Community Leadership, Education, Literary Arts, Music Performance and Technology, and Visual Arts. During the 2007-2008 program year, approximately 18,424 teen visits during the after school programs and special events were documented. A total of 501 teens were registered in the weekly programs and leadership activities.
History.
The Neutral Zone was founded by teens in 1998 to improve a venue for social, cultural, educational, recreational, and creative opportunities. Students came up with the idea of a teen center because of the need for a place to get together. They created this center with the intentions to help teens mix, and meet other teens of different backgrounds. The teens themselves wrote the mission statement, and grant proposal to the Ann Arbor Area Community Foundation and, with the help from family and friends, turned an old brick and timber warehouse into a teen center.

</doc>
<doc id="21574779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574779" title="1999 Deildabikar">
1999 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 1999 was the fourth staging of the Finnish League Cup. It featured 36 teams.
The competition started on 11 March 1999 and concluded on 8 June 1999 with ÍA beating Fylkir 1-0 in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 1999

</doc>
<doc id="21574784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574784" title="Adolphe Philippe Millot">
Adolphe Philippe Millot

Adolphe Philippe Millot (1 May 1857, Paris –18 December 1921, also Paris) was a French painter, lithographer and entomologist.
Adolphe Philippe Millot, who illustrated many of the natural history sections of Petit Larousse, was the senior illustrator at Muséum national d'histoire naturelle.
He was a member of the Salon des Artistes Francaise (honourable mention, 1891) and the Société entomologique de France.
References.
Bénézit: Dictionnaire des peintres, sculpteurs, dessinateurs et graveurs, 2006. Éditions Gründ, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="21574804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574804" title="Vittorio Mezzogiorno">
Vittorio Mezzogiorno

Vittorio Mezzogiorno (December 6, 1941 - January 7, 1994) was an Italian actor.
Biography.
Mezzogiorno was born in Cercola, the youngest of seven children. His older brother Vincenzo, who wanted to become a director, introduced him to the theatre.
At 18, Mezzogiorno enrolled at the university and began medical studies before choosing law. Then he had his first experience as an actor at the Teatro S. theatre where he recited texts by Samuel Beckett and Eugène Ionesco. Desiring to improve his diction he spent long nights exercising his voice with extracts of the Penal Code. In 1962, at age 21, he played Estragon in "Waiting for Godot" at the "Piccolo Teatro" of Naples.
In 1966–1967, he joined the troupe of Eduardo De Filippo and obtained his university diploma. In 1969, he met actress Cecilia Sacchi. Their collaboration quickly turned to a romantic relationship and they were married on 14 October 1972. On 9 November 1974, their only child Giovanna Mezzogiorno, who also became an actress, was born.
The family then settled in Rome where Mezzogiorno fully dedicated himself to the theatre.
In 1983, Jean-Jacques Beineix opened the doors of French cinema with "Moon in the Gutter" where he acted alongside Gérard Depardieu and Nastassja Kinski, but the real recognition came the same year in "L'Homme blessé", a film by Patrice Chéreau, where he played Jean, a homosexual. Meanwhile, Mezzogiorno moved to Paris.
More than ten hours of entertainment, a year of rehearsals, six months of training in martial arts: the challenge of Peter Brooks "Mahabharata", transcription of the long epic of Hindu mythology. Mezzogiorno was Arjuna, the son of Indra. It was first performed at the Boulbon Quarry in 1985 at the Festival d'Avignon and lasted all night. After a show at the Bouffes du Nord, it went on tour until the end of 1986 (Athens, Prato, Barcelona, Madrid and Lyon). The "Mahabharata" in English was back on the road in 1988: Zurich, Los Angeles, New York, Perth, Adelaide, Copenhagen, Glasgow, and finally Tokyo. In 1989, the movie adaptation was produced. In all, Mezzogiorno has played Arjuna for 6 years on 4 continents.
In 1990, Vittorio Mezzogiorno returned to Italy and settled in Milan. He became a star of the small screen by interpreting the Commissioner Davide Licata in the series La piovra which deals with the Mafia. In 1992, he played with his wife at the Teatro Stabile di Parma. This was to be his last appearances.
He died of cancer in Milan at the age of 52.

</doc>
<doc id="21574806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574806" title="Jakov Fak">
Jakov Fak

Jakov Fak (born 1 August 1987 in Rijeka, Croatia) is a biathlete from Croatia, who competes for Slovenia. As a member of the Croatian biathlon team, Fak won a bronze medal at the World Championships in 2009 and another bronze at the 2010 Winter Olympics where he had the honor of carrying his nation's' flag in the opening ceremony. In 2010, Fak announced he would move to the Slovenian biathlon team and has represented Slovenia since the beginning of the 2010/2011 season. At the 2012 World Championships, Fak won a gold medal at 20 km event and a silver medal at the mixed relay, together with Andreja Mali, Teja Gregorin and Klemen Bauer.
Career.
Fak began to compete in biathlon in 2001 under the trainer Robert Petrović. His first international biathlon tournament was the Junior World Championships in Ridnaun in 2002 where his best result was 64th place in the Sprint event. Fak improved his performance in 2008, eventually finishing in the top 10 at that year's Junior World Championships.
Since 2006, Fak has participated in the Biathlon World Cup. In his first race in the World Cup in Hochfilzen Fak finished 107th. For a long time his best performance was 47th place which he reached in an Individual race in 2007 in Pokljuka. In 2007 he participated in his first Biathlon World Championships, finishing 78th in the Sprint race and 93rd in the Individual.
The big breakthrough in Fak's career came in the 2008/09 season. In the opening race of the season Fak came in 47th but in the Individual he earned his first World cup points with a 38th position finish. In the third stage of the World cup in Hochfilzen Fak achieved a 16th place finish.
2009 Biathlon World Championships.
Despite several respectable performances in the World Cup, Fak's performance at the Biathlon World Championships 2009 came as a huge surprise. In the opening sprint race Fak improved his career best performance by two more places by finishing 14th. He couldn't improve on that performance in the pursuit falling back to 25th place. The big surprise came in the 20 kilometres individual race where Fak won the bronze medal. A perfect score in the final range would have brought Fak a gold medal, however after one miss Fak had to battle very hard for at least some medal and in the end beat Simon Fourcade by less than a second to win the bronze. Thus Jakov Fak won Croatia their first-ever World Championship medal in biathlon.
2010 Winter Olympics.
After his success in the World Championships, the expectations were high, but Fak's World Cup race performances in the 2009–10 season were substandard. He managed to win his first points in the World Cup only on 23 January 2010, with a 24th place in Antholz, and was by that time largely forgotten by the public.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Fak once again created a sensation by winning the bronze medal in the 10 km sprint.
Switch of Citizenship.
In July 2010 it was announced in the Slovenian Press that Fak would represent Slovenia in international competition. On 19 November the switch to the Slovenian Biatlethe team was officially announced and Fak received his Slovenian passport on 24 November, enabling him to compete for Slovenia.
Career threatening injury.
At the world cup races in the US in 2011 which were held in freezing temperatures Jakov Fak suffered 3rd degree frostbite to his trigger finger. It was feared his finger may have to be amputated which would certainly have ended his career as a biathlete. Jakov and his coaches decided to pull out of the Biathlon World Championships 2011 in Russia to focus on recovering from his injury and saving his finger.
2012 Biathlon World Championships.
After missing the 2011 World Championship due to the injury, Fak entered the 2012 World Championship as a member of Slovenian team. He won two medals, a silver in the mixed relay (together with Andreja Mali, Teja Gregorin and Klemen Bauer).
Although Slovenia crossed the finish line as first, 8.2 seconds in front of Norway, the jury awarded bonus seconds for the Scandinavians because one target did not go down despite their last runner Ole Einar Bjørndalen hit it and therefore had to take an additional penalty loop, which put them ahead of Slovenia into the first place. A couple of days later, Fak won the gold medal at the 20 km individual, thus winning the first gold medal for Slovenia at World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="21574810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574810" title="Proton Exora">
Proton Exora

The Proton Exora is a compact MPV produced by Malaysian car manufacturer Proton. It became Malaysia's first home-grown MPV upon its release on 15 April 2009. The Exora is the first Proton to be based on the new P2 platform, and its facelift revision which debuted on 15 December 2011 became the first Proton to utilise the new CamPro CFE turbocharged engine and CVT technology.
The name "Exora" was inspired from the Ixora flower.
History.
Pre-launch.
The first sketches of a Proton MPV existed as early as the 1990s. During this period, all of Proton's offerings were either saloon or hatchback vehicles. In 2001, Proton experimented with larger vehicles by introducing the Juara Mini-MPV, a rebadged Mitsubishi Town Box Wide. However, its unconventional kei car design drew criticism and it was discontinued in 2003 amidst poor sales.
The Proton MPV project was later revived in mid-2006 under the leadership of the former Proton Managing Director, Syed Zainal Abidin. The car was to be designed to suit Malaysian tastes and expectations, and was initially believed to be based on a Mitsubishi or Volkswagen platform, but Proton later confirmed that it would be built from the ground up on an all-new platform. The result was the Proton P2 platform, developed in-house by Proton with consultancy from LG CNS. On 11 February 2008, the Proton MPV was officially announced for an early 2009 launch.
Sketches of the MPV were aired on Malaysian national television on 27 May 2008, previewing its various upcoming features. From the sketches, it was initially speculated that the Proton MPV was related to a similar MPV from China's Chery, but it was later proven that there were no such relations between the two cars. Nonetheless, it was clear that various styling cues were derived from the Mitsubishi Grandis, owing to the long standing relationship between Proton and Mitsubishi. Proton filed a patent for the upcoming MPV with the U.K. Intellectual Property Office (IPO) on 24 October 2008, and it was approved several days later 4 November.
Spyshots of the finalized Proton MPV were leaked onto the internet on 23 January 2009, 3 months ahead of its official launch.
The official name "Proton Exora", along with its tagline "Keriangan Keluarga" (English: Family Fun) was announced on 17 February 2009. 'Exora', which was inspired from the Ixora flower was chosen among 251,763 entries during the "Name The Proton MPV" competition by the grand prize winner, Norsholihan Binti Abdul Eanich. After a development phase of 18 months, production of the Exora finally commenced in March 2009 at Proton's Shah Alam plant.
Post-launch.
The Proton Exora was officially unveiled on 15 April 2009, becoming Malaysia's first indigenously designed MPV. It was offered in two trim variants upon its initial launch, the M-Line and H-Line respectively. Both variants were powered by the 1.6 litre CamPro CPS engine and limited to a four-speed automatic transmission. The new Exora came standard with twin airbags, an Anti-lock braking system (ABS) with Electronic brakeforce distribution (EBD) and a Back-up EBD (BEBD) system. The M-Line trim offered a built-in radio with CD, MP3, WMA and Bluetooth compatibility, whereas the H-Line trim offered an additional roof-mounted LCD infotainment system with DVD playback, SD/MMC and USB compatibility. The H-Line variant also came with other exclusive kit, namely front fog lamps, a rear lip spoiler, leather seats, cruise control and an Atmel GPS touchscreen unit. The new Exora was priced between RM69,998 and RM75,998 at launch. Prior the launch of the Exora, the budget MPV segment in Malaysia was monopolized by the Toyota Avanza, Toyota Innova and Nissan Grand Livina. Unlike the Juara, the Exora was a true winner, and has since been consistently positioned among the Top 10 best selling vehicles in Malaysia.
Proton also showcased two concept models by Proton Design during the launch ceremony, the Exora Prime and Exora Prestige. The Exora Prime concept featured mostly cosmetic exterior and interior upgrades over the regular Exora, several of which made it into production two years later in the 2012 Exora Prime. The Exora Prestige variant on the other hand offered far superior levels of luxury and kit in an effort to gauge its potential as a vehicle fit for VIPs. It offered a built-in office working table, fridge and intercom, as well as a 19-inch LCD TV and a seat massaging system among others. Proton later revealed that the Exora Prestige was indeed being made and sold to selected VIPs. On 16 July 2009, Proton showcased the Proton Exora Turbo concept at Universiti Putra Malaysia, Serdang. It housed a CamPro CPS engine fitted with various aftermarket performance parts, offering 270 hp and 350Nm of torque, a massive jump from the stock CamPro CPS engine which could only put out 125 hp and 150Nm of torque.
Following the launch of the Proton Exora in April 2009, Perodua, which had also been developing a MPV since early 2008 previewed the Alza on 6 June 2009, a smaller, less powerful and thus less expensive MPV to counter sales of the Exora. Unlike Proton, which developed the Exora from scratch and kept capital outflow at a minimum, Perodua opted to simply rebadge the ()/(). The Perodua Alza had a planned November 2009 launch, but Proton took advantage of the delay and introduced cheaper variants of the Exora in an effort to entice potential Alza buyers, the first of which was the Exora M-Line MT on 7 July 2009, priced at RM64,548. It became the first Exora variant to be made available with a five-speed manual transmission. A no frills version of the Exora was spotted undergoing testing on 22 June 2009. It later materialized into the Exora B-Line trim, debuting on 19 November 2009, four days before the Alza's launch. The Exora B-Line started from a relatively low price tag of RM57,548, but came at the expense of safety as it was only offered with a driver's airbag and without ABS and EBD. Despite Proton's best efforts, the largely cheaper Alza outsold the Exora by a significant margin, and the former replaced the latter as Malaysia's best selling MPV from 2010 and onwards.
9 July 2010 marked Proton's 25th Anniversary since the launch of the company's first car, the Proton Saga. In view of the occasion, Proton unveiled the Exora 25th Anniversary Edition, alongside a Saga and Persona variant. It featured a unique Pearl White & Black two-tone paint colour with commemorative decals and special eight spoke alloy rims on the exterior. Interior wise, it was offered with premium leather seats, a touchscreen LCD head-unit with SatNav and a reversing camera. The second row featured captain seats and twin built-in touchscreen LCD infotainment consoles on the headrests of the first row seats. Only 25 units were made, and each retailed at RM91,998.
On 15 July 2010, 15 months after the initial launch, Proton released the Exora MC, in which 'MC' denotes Minor Change. The car received a new body kit, chrome plated front fog light surrounds and 15-inch twin five spoke alloy rims on the exterior, whereas the interior featured darker grey trim panels and alcantara/suede on the door panels. A new Plum Red colour option was also offered, and the Exora MC received a minor RM1,000 price hike across all variants.
Proton participated in the RAC Future Car Challenge on 6 November 2011 with plug-in electric versions of the Exora, Saga and Persona, in which the company claimed 2 awards despite their shortcomings.
Facelift.
To ensure that the Exora continues to capture the MPV segment in the Malaysian market, production of a turbocharged Exora was conceived. It launched on 15 December 2011 as two facelift models; the Exora Bold and Exora Prime. The Exora Bold is available in three variants, namely the Exora Bold Executive MT, Exora Bold Executive AT and Exora Bold Premium CVT whereas the Exora Prime was only available in one, high-end luxury trim. The Exora Bold Premium and Exora Prime are powered by Proton's new CamPro CFE engine which was developed in house by Proton and Lotus. CFE stands for 'Charged Fuel Efficiency. The facelifted Exora became the very first Malaysian car to feature a turbocharged engine. The new interior look of the Exora is designed to attract younger drivers who appreciate aesthetic touches. The exterior also features sport rims, smoked lenses, rear LED combi-lamps and a stylish body kit.
On 11 January 2013, the no frills version of the CFE powered Exora known as Proton Exora Bold 1.6 CFE Standard was launched to appeal to mass potential buyers by offering no additional accessories, but with standard CFE engine and ABS + EBD, with a marginally lower price tag.
Export markets.
Proton export Exora to neighbouring Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Brunei and Australia. The Proton Exora launched in Thailand during the 2009 Thailand International Motor Expo. Despite being a newcomer and facing stiff competition from rival Japanese makes, the Exora received critical acclaim from the Thais, scoring 1,388 bookings out of a total 25,220 placed at the event. Exora is Proton's best selling car in Thailand. In 2012, Proton replaced the Exora with the new Exora CFE for the Indonesian, Thai and Singaporean markets. The Exora CFE was previewed in Australia during the 2012 Australian International Motor Show. It will become Australia's cheapest MPV once it goes on sale there in mid- 2013. The Exora CFE also had a planned 2012 launch in the United Kingdom, but no such launch has occurred yet. A future launch in China and other left-hand drive markets are also anticipated, as there is evidence of left-hand drive Exora CFE testing units.
Specifications.
Exora (2009 - present).
The Proton Exora Standard (formerly known as B-line) was launched only in manual transmission on November 2009. The standard Exora is the cheapest variant available and is still sold alongside the newer facelift models, the Exora Bold and Exora Prime as of Q1 2013. It is powered by Proton's non- turbocharged CamPro CPS engine and is only available in manual transmission. Furthermore, it shares the exterior body kit with the original 2009 Exora and lacks many features found on the more expensive Exora Bold and Exora Prime.
It is the medium line of Exora which come in automatic and manual transmission. The main difference between the B-line is the safety features consists of airbag and ABS/EBD.
The highest specification of Exora which includes extra accessories like a rear spoiler, DVD player, semi leathered seat, and auto cruise features which the M-line lacks. Both the M-line and H-line are then replaced by Exora BOLD Executive after the launched of Exora BOLD.
Exora facelift (2012 - present).
In form of new bumper, the Exora Bold Executive is the facelift model of Exora M-Line released in 15 December 2011. It is still powered by Proton's non- turbocharged CamPro CPS engine. The manual costed from RM 66,762.00 and the automatic costed from RM 71,762.00 which also came with LCD + DVD player but without the cruise control feature. After the launched of the more affordable Exora Bold Standard which come standard with the turbocharged engine, this variant discontinued its production at the Shah Alam plant.
On 9 January 2013, Proton introduced the Exora Bold Standard. It slots in between the Exora Bold Executive and Exora Bold Premium, although eventually the Executive variant stopped its production to make way for this standard variant. It offers Proton's turbocharged CamPro CFE engine and CVT transmission, but with the expense of some luxury equipment. Costing from RM 68,550.00, it is almost RM 10,000 less expensive then the Exora Bold Premium
The Exora Bold Premium shares much of its exterior and interior features with the Exora Bold Executive, but is powered by Proton's new CamPro CFE turbocharged engine and a CVT transmission for improved performance and fuel efficiency. It also features larger tyres, front & rear disc brakes and additional luxury equipment such as a reverse camera with rear view mirror LCD. Costing from RM 79,562.00
The Exora Prime is the most expensive variant available. It is technically identical to the Exora Bold Premium but offers far superior levels of luxury. The major distinguishing features of this car would be the captain seats in the second row, dual head rest LCDs and a unique colour option, Absolute Brown.
Safety.
The Exora has an equivalent 4-star EuroNCAP rating after 32 Exoras were crashed at the Applus+ IDIADA crash testing facility in Spain. Additionally, the Exora was awarded a 4-star rating by Malaysia's own MyVAP evaluation program. The Exora was given a four-star ANCAP safety rating, applicable to all variants. The MPV, which is equipped with dual frontal and side airbags with thorax and head protection for front occupants, scored 26.37 out of a possible 37 points. In the offset crash test, the Exora scored 10.55 out of 16 points – driver chest protection was acceptable and leg protection was marginal. In the side impact crash test, it managed 14.82 out of 16 points – driver chest protection was listed as acceptable. The Exora result – with testing carried out in July 2013 – reflected its performance in the 40% frontal offset test, where the risk of serious injury to the driver’s legs was high. Side impact performance was good, but overall pedestrian test results were poor, according to ANCAP. One of the key features that made these ratings possible is the use of high tensile steel for the body cage, providing better stability and increased impact absorption during a collision. Side impact bars are also installed to reinforce the door frames and to absorb impacts from both sides.
Other safety features include an Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) to avoid skidding in the event of sudden emergency braking and Electronic Brakeforce Distribution (EBD) to ensure that the correct amount of braking power is sent to the correct wheels according to the current weight distribution of the car. Two front airbags and pre-tensioner seat belts are installed for the front passengers. However, Exora models sold in Australia come with four airbags and Electronic Stability Control (ESC) in addition to the above.
The Exora also features a Body Control Module (BCM) that allows automatic activation and configuration of various vehicle functions such as door locking/unlocking, interior lamps, headlamps, brake lamps, hazard lights and wipers.

</doc>
<doc id="21574811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574811" title="Medicals RFC">
Medicals RFC

Medicals RFC is a rugby union club in Newcastle Upon Tyne who have been in existence since 1898. They currently play in the Durham/Northumberland 1 league having been promoted from Durham/Northumberland 2 in the 2009-10 season.
Medicals RFC are most famous for the 1995-6 side that reached the final of the RFU Pilkington Shield at Twickenham and won the trophy – beating Helston RFC, Cornwall 16 v 6.
The uniform of the Club is maroon jerseys with white collars, white shorts and maroon stockings with white tops.
Medicals RFC History.
The club was formed in 1898 as the Durham University College of Medicine R.F.C. Medicals RFC was then elected a senior member of the Northumberland Rugby Union in 1920.
A Junior Club between 1934 and 1937 when they were again elected a Senior Member of the N.R.U. They were Senior Cup Winners in 1922, 1923, 1952 and 1953.
Notable players.
The Club has produced five Internationals:
Trialists also include Dr G.C.Taylor, Mr G. Scott-Page and Dr Maurice Jones.
RFU Presidents.
Medicals RFC also has the honour and distinction of having two members elected to the position of President of the RFU
Pilkington Shield (1996).
The finest hour of the clubs achievement was on 4 May 1996 Twickenham, winners of the National Junior Club Knock-out Competition, The Pilkington Shield.
Medicals RFC beat Helston RFC (Cornwall) by 16 points to 6.
Current Information.
Currently, Medicals RFC play in Durham/Northumberland 1. Recently Medicals RFC have been successful within the Durham & Northumberland league competitions:
All of the latest information can be seen at the clubs website:
www.medicalsrugby.co.uk

</doc>
<doc id="21574826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574826" title="ARIA Digital Track Chart">
ARIA Digital Track Chart

The ARIA Digital Track chart ranks the highest selling legally downloaded music tracks within Australia and is provided by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
History.
The Digital Track Chart was established in 2006 and first published on 9 April. Later that year in October it was announced that the sales from physical singles and digital downloads would be integrated with the official Top 100 singles chart which commenced on 8 October. In order for the digital singles to chart on the Top 100 there had to be a physical single release first but in 2007 it was announced that a single would chart on the Top 100 regardless of whether a physical single or a digital single was released first or not.

</doc>
<doc id="21574832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574832" title="36th Daytime Emmy Awards">
36th Daytime Emmy Awards

The 36th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards were held on Sunday, August 30, 2009, and were televised live on The CW for the very first time. The nominees were announced on May 14.
Nominations and winners.
The following is a partial list of nominees, with winners in bold:
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series.
A first-place tie was recorded in this category.

</doc>
<doc id="21574846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574846" title="Lidia Elsa Satragno">
Lidia Elsa Satragno

Lidia Elsa Satragno (born on November 11, 1935) is an entertainer and politician in Argentina, where she's popularly known as Pinky.
Life and times.
Lidia Elsa Satragno was born in the western Buenos Aires suburb of San Justo in 1935. She debuted on Argentine television in a 1956 vinegar advertisement and, by 1957, appeared on as many as 22 television ads on any given day. This success led to her own talk show on Argentine Public Television, "Buenos Días Pinky", during which she was invited as a guest of honor by German Chancellor Konrad Adenauer. The show also earned renown for its screenwriter, María Elena Walsh, and helped pave the way for women in Argentine television, generally. Cast by noted period piece Director Leopoldo Torre Nilsson in "La caída" ("The Fall") in 1959, in 1961 she was offered a co-anchorship in news anchorman Bernardo Neustadt's "Nosotros" ("Us"), becoming the first Argentine woman on television so honored. Co-hosting "Incomunicados" with Neustadt in 1963, the show became memorable for an interview held with Arturo Frondizi, the first granted by a former President on Argentine television. Her work with Neustadt and introduction to the world of politics led to a friendship with a young UCR strategist, Rodolfo Terragno, that she maintains to the present day.
Pinky hosted or co-hosted a number of other talk and variety shows during the 1960s and 1970s, the most successful of which were "Feminísima", "El pueblo quiere saber" ("People Want to Know"), "Pinky y la noticia" ("Pinky and the News") and "La década del '60". She set time aside for other projects, as well, cast by Argentine and Mexican directors in a number of film roles in the 1960s. One of her interview guests in 1962, a rising figure in Argentine tango named Raúl Lavié, had recently been separated and quickly developed a relationship with the avuncular hostess; the two were married in 1965.
Enjoying a stellar career, she soon became known as "Ms. Television" in Argentina, though her private life entered a difficult phase. She and Lavié had two sons, but soon grew apart and were separated and reunited a number of times before parting ways in 1974, something Pinky has attributed to infidelity on his part. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1970, but recovered a few years later. Pinky was among the stars on hand to inaugurate Argentine color television broadcasting in 1978 but soon fell out of favor with the prevailing dictatorship, however, after agreeing to interview Norma Aleandro, a renowned actress and dissident. This led her to turn to Argentina's vibrant theatre scene, where she accepted leading roles in local productions of "Two Women", "The Vagina Monologues" and "The Prisoner of Second Avenue", among others. Pinky produced a successful Buenos Aires presentation of "Annie", as well.
Her decision to cohost a 1982 television fundraiser devoted to the ongoing Falklands War cost the hostess professional clout following the advent of democracy in 1983, whose victorious UCR she supported, ironically. Continuing to host a number of radio and television shows, she relocated to Azul, where she hosted the nationally-broadcast "La década del '80". Pinky became officially affiliated to the struggling, centrist Radical Civic Union following that party's 1995 election of Rodolfo Terragno as its President and, in 1999, she ran on the UCR-led Alliance for Supervisor of La Matanza County, the most populous in the Province of Buenos Aires. Claiming victory after early returns on election night put her narrowly ahead, she was forced to concede defeat later in the evening after a complete tally gave the Justicialist (Peronist) Party candidate, Alberto Balestrini, a narrow edge.
Buenos Aires Mayor Enrique Olivera named her Secretary of Social Policy Promotion for the city in 2000, where she earned plaudits for her efforts against domestic violence. She returned to television to host "Pinky y la conversación" in 2001 and was awarded the prestigious Martín Fierro Award for Broadcasting Excellence in 2006. Having appeared for over 30,000 hours on Argentine television, she announced her intention to run for a seat in the Argentine Lower House of Congress to represent the San Justo area she was raised in and continued to live in. Running on the center-right Republican Proposal ticket founded by businessman (and current Buenos Aires Mayor) Mauricio Macri, Pinky was elected to Congress in October 2007. Her two sons, Leonardo and Gastón Satragno, formed "Ultratango" in 2003, a musical group performing in the Nuevo tango genre.
Following the 2009 mid-term elections, and at 74 years of age, Pinky became the dean of the Lower House of Congress, presiding over the December 4 session that elected the body's new leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="21574847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574847" title="1 SS Infantry Brigade">
1 SS Infantry Brigade

The 1 SS Infantry Brigade (mot) was a unit of the German Waffen SS formed from former concentration camp guards for service in the Soviet Union behind the main front line during the Second World War. They conducted anti-partisan operations in the rear of the advancing German army and were involved in the extermination of the Jewish population. They also filled gaps in the front line when called upon in emergencies. In 1944 the Brigade was used as the cadre in the formation of the 18th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division "Horst Wessel".
Formation.
The 1 SS Infantry Brigade (mot) was formed from concentration camp guards, on 21 April 1941, from men of the 8 SS "Totenkopf" Standarte and 10 SS "Totenkopf" Standarte of the SS-Totenkopfverbände. The original name for the brigade was going to be SS Brigade (mot) but was changed to 1 SS Brigade (mot) and the final designation of 1 SS Infantry Brigade (mot) on 20 September 1941.
The first commander was posted in on 25 June 1941 when Oberführer Richard Herrmann, was reassigned from the Kampfgruppe "Nord".
Russia.
When Germany invaded the Soviet Union (Operation Barbarossa) in June 1941, the brigade was stationed in Kraków Poland awaiting its full complement of men and materials. On 23 July they moved east into the occupied territories and between July and August 1941, fought Soviet partisans and cut off units of the Red Army in the rear of Army Group South capturing 7,000 prisoners of war.
On 9 August the Brigade was north of Zhitomir and was asked to cover the northern flank of the 6th Army in the Pinsk Marshes. Fighting to clear the marsh near Uschomir the SS Infantry Regiment 10 captured or killed 800 men.
The Brigade next operated behind the XVII Army Corps and on 23 August, crossed the Dnieper River. During the remainder of the year and until late 1942 they were assigned to the Reich Security Head Office, which also had the SS Cavalry Brigade and the 2 SS Infantry Brigade (mot) under command.
The brigade was now used in a rear area security and policing role and most importantly they were not under Army or Waffen SS command.
In the Autumn of 1941, they left the anti partisan role to other units and the brigade actively took part in the Holocaust while assisting Einsatzgruppe C and took part in the liquidation of the Jewish population of the Soviet Union, forming firing parties when required. The three brigades were responsible for the murder of tens of thousands of the population by the end of 1941, and they destroyed at least one village st Białystok for no apparent reason as they had not been engaged from it.
On 12 December 1941, the Brigade was placed under the command of the 56th Infantry Division on the orders of Army Group Center when a gap appeared in the front line of the 2nd Army in the area of Tula, Yelets Liwny.
During the fighting around Lasarewka, the Brigade was assigned to the Gruppe Moser and on 28 December 1941 placed under the command of LV Army Corps.
1942.
The Brigade spent the winter in fighting defensive battles in the front line, then received new orders. They were again to form a rear area security and anti partisan unit.
From January to August they took part in security and defensive duties around the area of Kursk and a new commander arrived in July Karl Fischer von Treuenfeld. They remained in the Kursk area until 11 August when they were sent to the Minsk area on anti partisans duties.
On 11 October the Brigade was in the Wydriza sector in Central Russia (where Erich von dem Bach-Zelewsky was the SS and Police Leader), It took part in the anti partisan Operation Karlsbad (11 September to 23 October), also involved were the SS-Sturmbrigade Dirlewanger, SS Schuma Battalion 255 and the 1st Battalion, Légion des Volontaires Français.
Operation Karlsbad was an anti partisan sweep with the intention of destroying a group of 6000 partisans led by soviet officers. The operation was deemed a success and by the end of it the Brigade had recorded the killing of 1051 partisans and civilians for the loss of 24 dead and 65 wounded.
The Brigade was next involved in Operation Freda (5 to 9 November), together with the SS-Sturmbrigade Dirlewanger they were tasked with the destruction of a powerful partisan group under General Wiejerew in the swamps and forests south of Borissov. The reported casualties from the operation were light with 2 men killed and 10 missing compared to several hundred dead partisans.
The Brigade was next used in another anti partisan operation Operation Nurnberg (19 to 25 November) with Police Kampfgruppe von Gottberg. The operation took place between Gleboki and Wilna. The operation was under the command of Brigadeführer Curt von Gottberg with SS Polizei Regiment 14, two Schuma battalions and a town Gendarmerie unit in support of the 1 SS Infantry Brigade. The operation resulted in 2984 Russian casualties and the release of some German prisoners. At the end of 1942 they were involved in the Battle of Velikiye Luki when the Soviet forces encircled the town of Velikiye Luki. The 83rd Infantry Division which was trapped in the pocket and was destroyed. The 1 SS Infantry Brigade, along with Frikorps Danmark, who had participated in the attempts to break the encirclement under Kampfgruppe Chevallerie had suffered heavy casualties in the process.
1943.
In 1943 the Brigade came under the command of the LIX Corps in the 3rd Panzer Army. On 4 February they were located at Podluschje. They took part in Operation Kugelblitz (22 February to 8 March) attached to the 201st Sicherungs Division. Operation Kugelblitz was an anti Belarusian partisans sweep in the area of Witebsk Gorodok Gurki and Senniza Lake. They also took part in the followup Operation Donnerkeil (31 March to 2 April) the second operation was ordered by the 3rd Panzer Army.
In May 1943 the Brigade formed a cadre for the 3 Estonian SS Volunteer Brigade and on 7 July it was sent to Borrissov on another anti partisan sweep against the many small partisan groups in the area. They participated in Operation Hermann (7 July) with various other units under the command of Generalmajor of Polizei von Gottberg.
On 1 August the Brigade took part in the evacuation of the area Jeremicze Starzyna Rudnja Kupinsk. This was an attempt to evacuate and deport the population in the area, so they could not join or assist the local partisan units, the evacuees would also be put to work for the German war industry.
They were again moved into the front line in September to reinforce the 25th Panzergrenadier Division, which was
fighting in the Smolensk Gomel sector. Smolensk was abandoned on 24 September and the Brigade reported that during the fighting they had lost 215 killed in action, 1172 wounded and 77 missing.
They had however proved to be an effective front line unit and were mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht on 15 October.
On 12 November the Brigade units were re designated the former SS Infantry Regiment 8 and SS Infantry Regiment 10 now became known as the SS Grenadier Regiment 39 and SS Grenadier Regiment 40.
To counter the Soviet offensive on 10 November the Brigade formed SS Kampfgruppe Trabandt which came under the command of the 36th Infantry Division. They fought at the Rogatschew bridgehead until they were transferred to the bridgehead at Stassewka on 2 December.
In December the Brigade took part in Operation Nikolaus which started on 20 December and formed the 9th Army's southern pincer group attacking towards the 2nd Army alongside the 16th Panzer Division, 258th Infantry Division, 134th Infantry Divisions and Cavalry Regiment Mitte. The counterattack filled the gap between the 2nd and 9th Army's which had been created by the Soviet push towards Bobruisk in November that year. The attack was succeeded and the gap was closed on 22 December.
At the end of December 1943 the Brigade was ordered to move to East Prussia. After they reached the troop training grounds Stablack near Königsberg they were reformed.
1944.
The 1 SS Infantry Brigade (mot) was disbanded on 24 January 1944 when it was used to form the 18th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division "Horst Wessel.
Casualties.
Between formation in 1941 and January 1944 the Brigade reported the following casualties, from an establishment of 6,271 officers and men:
War crimes.
The brigade took an active part in the killing of the Jewish population assisting the Einsatzgruppen, in the town of Ushomir where it took part in the killing of all male Jews.
Untersturmführer Max Täubner commanded a workshop detail in the brigade and was tried by an SS court in May 1943, along with four other Waffen-SS men, for unauthorized and sadistic killings of a large number of Jews in 1941 and for taking photos of the killings showing them to wife and friends. In the indictment the SS court states "The accused allowed his men to act with such vicious brutality that they conducted themselves under his command like a savage horde". The case against four other defendants under Täubner's command was dismissed by the judge Standartenführer Dr. Reinecke. The photos and negatives were later ordered to be destroyed. Täubner, who had been given a sentence of 10 years, was pardoned in January 1945 and released from prison.
In another version of this trial cited in Taubner is convicted of disregarding secrecy provisions surrounding the exterminations, expelled from the SS, deprived of his civil rights and sentenced to ten years imprisonment, for behavior that was "unworthy of an honorable and decent German man."
Vasyl Valdeman, a Jewish resident of Ostroh reported: "We knew something would be done to us here. When we saw people hit and driven along here with spades, even small children realised why people were carrying the spades.
One of the members of the 1st SS Infantry Brigade at the time was Hans Friedrich. He claims not to recall exactly which actions he took part in that summer, but he does admit to participating in killings like the one in Ostrog. "They were so utterly shocked and timid, you could do with them what you wanted.'"
Vasyl Valdeman: "Kids were crying, the sick were crying, the elderly were praying to God. Not on their knees but seated or lying down. It was very tough to go through it all, hearing all this wailing and crying. Then they had everyone get up and said 'Go', and as soon as people started moving, they selected people for shooting, for execution."
The selected Ukrainian Jews were taken out to this spot and a pit was dug. In scenes which were repeated right across the areas of the Soviet Union occupied by the Nazis, men, women and children were ordered to strip and prepare to die. The killings went on into the evening. Vasyl Valdeman and his mother managed to escape and hide in a nearby village. But the SS killed his father, grandfather and two uncles.
Vasyl Valdeman: "That's how it was—the first execution—the most horrible one. It wasn't the last one. There were three more large executions after that with 2000 to 3000 people shot at every one of them. More people were executed afterwards in smaller scale ones and this is how the Jewish community of Ostrog was annihilated." 

</doc>
<doc id="21574855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574855" title="Michael Darlow">
Michael Darlow

Michael Darlow (born 13 June 1934) is a British television producer, director and writer. After starting as an actor, his first short film was seen by documentary film maker John Grierson and shown on TV and at the 1960 Edinburgh Film Festival. Darlow's documentary, drama and arts programmes have won international awards including BAFTAs, an Emmy, and Gold at the New York Television Festival. His works include The World At War episode "Genocide", The Barretts of Wimpole Street, Johnny Cash at San Quentin and "Bomber Harris". He is a Fellow of the Royal Television Society.

</doc>
<doc id="21574862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574862" title="Mariënberg railway station">
Mariënberg railway station

Mariënberg is a railway station located in Mariënberg, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 February 1905 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway and the Mariënberg–Almelo railway. The services are operated by Arriva.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Mariënberg:
Zwolle, Almelo, Coevorden and Emmen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Mariënberg:

</doc>
<doc id="21574863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574863" title="1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 1998 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. It was the 12th edition of the tournament and ran from October 19 through October 26, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21574890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574890" title="2009 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament">
2009 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2009 Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament took place on March 11–14, 2009 at the FedExForum in Memphis, Tennessee.
Bracket.
Asterisk denotes game ended in overtime.

</doc>
<doc id="21574912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574912" title="Ommen railway station">
Ommen railway station

Ommen is a railway station at Ommen, the Netherlands. The station is located 1 km south of the town center. The station was opened on 15 January 1903 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Destinations.
The following major destinations can be reached from Ommen:
Zwolle, Coevorden and Emmen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Ommen:

</doc>
<doc id="21574914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574914" title="1999 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
1999 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 1999 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour. It was the 13th edition of the tournament and ran from October 18 through October 25, 1999. Nicolás Lapentti won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21574917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574917" title="Tordoki Yani">
Tordoki Yani

Tordoki Yani or Tardoki Yani () is the highest peak of Sikhote-Alin Mountains. It is located in the southeast of Khabarovsk Krai to north of border of Primorsky Krai. 
An elevation of Tordoki Yani is 2,090 m (2077 at GSE).
Tordoki Yani is a table mountain.
Anyuy River rises on its slope.

</doc>
<doc id="21574936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574936" title="Arinola Olasumbo Sanya">
Arinola Olasumbo Sanya

Arinola Olasumbo Sanya (born 1953) is a Nigerian professor of physiotherapy at the University of Ibadan and a former commissioner of health in Oyo State, Nigeria. Arinola was appointed professor in 2000, making her the first female professor of physiotherapy in Africa, and the second ever professor of physiotherapy in Nigeria. She is among the Notable Oyo State indigenes.
She sits on several management level committees at the University of Ibadan such as the Appointments and Promotions Committee.
Public service.
She was appointed commissioner for health in Oyo State (Nigeria) in 2005.
Family.
Professor Sanya is married to Dr Yemi Sanya, a pharmacist and a business magnate in Lagos, Nigeria. They have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="21574938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574938" title="Bez limitu">
Bez limitu

Bez limitu is the eighth studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1, released in 1983. Its title translates "No Limits".
Album information.
"Bez limitu" saw the band turning to more new wave-oriented music, showcasing darker sound and more politically involved lyrics. It turned out a commercial success, becoming 2 Plus 1's third Gold album, and met with positive critical reception. It was reissued on CD in 1999 and 2003.
Track listing.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="21574945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574945" title="Gilbert Morand">
Gilbert Morand

Gilbert Morand (July 11, 1923 – August 9, 2008) was a French non-commissioned officer and skier.
Sports.
Morand was born in the Jura department. In the military rank of a Caporal-chef he was a member of the national Olympic military patrol team in 1948 which placed fifth. He also gained eight French military champion titles, including three individual titles.
Military service.
During World War II he joined the Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura. In 1944 he joined the army, where he served at the 24ème Bataillon de chasseurs (ranger battalion) during the campaign against the Germans, and participated in the occupation of Austria. He also served in the French Indochina War with the 27ème Régiment de Tirailleurs Algériens and the 10ème Bataillon de Parachutistes de Chasseurs à Pied, and in the Algerian War as a mountain reconnaissance platoon leader of the 7eme Bataillon de Chasseurs Alpins. After his military retirement in 1962 he worked as a civilian instructor at the École militaire de haute montagne (EMHM), in winters as trainer of the school's Nordic skiing team and in summers as a high mountain guide. From 1971 to December 15, 1981 he worked as technical adviser for the EMHM.

</doc>
<doc id="21574948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574948" title="Don Shaw (screenwriter)">
Don Shaw (screenwriter)

Don Shaw is a British screenwriter and playwright. His credits include "Survivors", "Orde Wingate", and "Bomber Harris".

</doc>
<doc id="21574958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574958" title="2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It was the 14th edition of the tournament and ran from November 6 through November 13, 2000. Arnaud Clément won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21574977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574977" title="Courtney Cox (musician)">
Courtney Cox (musician)

Courtney Cox is an American guitarist and member of the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens.
Career.
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Courtney Cox first started playing guitar around the age of 13. When she turned 15, she enrolled at The Paul Green School of Rock Music. During her tenure there, she performed in various U.S tours with established acts such as Jon Anderson and Adrian Belew. She shared the stage with other performers such as George Lynch and Perry Farrell. During that time, Cox joined an all-female tribute band called "Queen Diamond" (tribute band to King Diamond).
At age 18, Cox continued playing guitar under the tutelage of virtuoso Chris Gordon in Wilmington, Delaware, before moving to Los Angeles, California. In December 2008, Cox was invited as a guest performer with The Iron Maidens, after which she officially became a member of that band. As a member of the Maidens, Cox's stage name is "Adriana Smith", a female version of Iron Maiden guitarist Adrian Smith. She has also performed several national and international concert tours in the U.S. and in Japan.
Cox performed with members of Phantom Blue at the Michelle Meldrum Memorial Concert in May 2009 at the Whisky a Go Go in Hollywood, CA. In 2010, she placed runner-up in "Guitar World"s Buyer's Guide Model Search.

</doc>
<doc id="21574978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574978" title="Joseph Humphreys">
Joseph Humphreys

Joseph "Joe" Edward Humphreys (October 17, 1872-July 10, 1936) was an American boxing official and announcer. He was one of the most popular fight announcers from the turn of the 20th century up until the 1930s. In his near 50-year career, Humphreys was estimated to have announced over 20,000 boxing matches and officiated many of the top prize fights of the era as the longtime official ring announcer at the old Madison Square Garden from 1925 up to his death in 1936.
Biography.
Joseph Edward Humphreys was born in New York City on October 17, 1872. He grew up on Oliver Street in the Lower East Side, not far from the birthplace of future Governor of New York Alfred E. Smith, and who later was a childhood friend. His father died when he was 11 years old and became a newsboy to help support his family. During his years as a newsboy, he was known as a "lusty-lunged youngster" whose voice led him to obtain a position at the New York Produce Exchange as a broker's page. To make some extra money, Humphreys also began singing in clubs, smokers and benefits. At age 15, he was a bartender and later became a mascot of the old Nonpareil Athletic Club where he was originally introduced to boxing. It was while performing at Gus Maisch's "Little Casino" in 1888, a popular establishment near New Bowery, that he agreed to be a last minute replacement as the night's official ring announcer when the regular man was unable to appear. Humphreys became an instant success and became a full-time announcer. 
By the early 20th century, Humphreys had become the single most popular boxing announcer in the New York-area. Harry Grayson, boxing writer for the "New York World-Telegram" once wrote, "Joe Humphreys had voice, presence, personality, tact, and razorblade Irish wit". He was particularly known for his distinctive and colorful announcing style, mannerisms and catchphrases, most notably, "the win-ah and new champion!" when announcing a title change. He was also able to silence noisy and unruly crowds by shouting "Quiet please!" following with a "mollifying spread of his arms".
In August 1910, he and actor Raymond Hitchcock purchased the original Chinese Theatre in Chinatown, Manhattan and turned it into the first movie theatre in the area. The movie house failed to catch on in the Chinese-American community, partly due to the ongoing Tong wars, and they eventually sold the property to the New York Rescue Society for use as a mission.
He also developed both close friendships and friendly rivalries with fellow announcers Tim Hurst and Charles J. Harvey, outlasting Harvey when he retired from announcing to become secretary of the New York Boxing Commission following the passage of the Frawley Law in 1911 and eventually became a manager. When Tex Rickard began promoting boxing at the old Madison Square Garden in 1925, Humphreys was hired as official ring announcer and was present at many of the top prize fights held at the venue including Jack Dempsey's bouts against Georges Carpentier, Luis Firpo and Gene Tunney. He was a major fan of Gene Tunney and Jack Dempsey, regarding the latter as "the most devastating fighter ever to step in the ring". He often claimed that Dempsey's bout against Firpo was "the most exciting he had ever witnessed".
Humphreys was also highly skilled at using current events during his performances. For example, during the Jack Sharkey vs. Jim Maloney on May 20, 1926, he asked the crowd of 40,000 at Yankee Stadium to stand and observe a moment of silence for Charles Lindberg who had left earlier that day on his transatlantic flight from New York to Paris.
Humphreys also became involved behind the scenes and was associated with Sam H. Harris in the management of then world bantamweight and featherweight champion Terry McGovern. Upon his request, his granddaughter Terry was named in McGovern's honor. In 1929, he publicly stated that he intended to remain an announcer for 50 years. He was never known to take any special care for his voice, save chewing on a cough drop or when his throat became dry, and was opposed to using microphones when they were first introduced at Madison Square Garden.
Humphreys suffered a serious stroke in 1933 which sidelined him for a significant time. He did, however, eventually resume his role at Madison Square Garden as soon as his doctors permitted. At the third meeting between Barney Ross and Jimmy McLarnin in 1935, he was unable to enter the ring and had to do his introductory announcements from ringside. However, he was so ill that he was unable to attend the championship bout between Max Baer and James J. Braddock on June 13, 1935 and missed the first major fight in his career.
He spent a month in the hospital and made his in-ring return at Yankee Stadium, welcomed by the 95,000 fans in attendance, to announce Max Baer-Joe Louis fight on September 24, 1935. Humphreys continued working at Madison Square Garden during the 1935-36 season, but announced only the main events. Although he lived most of his life in New York City, where he exclusively performed during his career, Humphreys spent his later years in Red Bank, New Jersey and New Rochelle, New York.
In late-June 1936, Humphreys fell seriously ill and was confined to his home in Fair Haven, New Jersey for three weeks. On the morning of July 10, he apparently collapsed from heat and was unable to speak coherently. Falling into a coma at around 2:00 pm, he died an hour and a half later. His son and daughter-in-law, as well as his grand daughter Terry, were at his bedside at the time of his death.
In 1997, Humphreys was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame as a "non-participant".

</doc>
<doc id="21574985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574985" title="Rotherwood exchange sidings">
Rotherwood exchange sidings

Rotherwood exchange sidings were set at the eastern extremity of the Manchester-Sheffield-Wath electric railway between Orgreave Lane and Retford Road, on the south eastern boundary of the City of Sheffield with the Parish of Orgreave, within Rotherham.
The sidings consisted of two sets of lines, on the up (towards Grimsby) and down (towards Sheffield) which were laid out for the purpose of locomotive changing on trains passing through the area. Originally steam, later diesel locomotives brought trains, particularly coal from the Nottinghamshire coalfield to the down sidings, where the motive power was changed to electric traction for the run over Woodhead to Mottram yard where it was changed again for steam (later diesel) to continue its journey. The returning empty traffic was changed over in the up sidings.
Entry to the down sidings was by Permissive block regulations from Woodhouse East Junction and on busy days trains would queue for the full distance. The sidings were controlled by a British Railways built signal box set at the east end of the up sidings.

</doc>
<doc id="21574993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574993" title="Nieuw Amsterdam railway station">
Nieuw Amsterdam railway station

Nieuw Amsterdam is a railway station located in Nieuw Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 November 1905 and is located on the Zwolle–Emmen railway. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Nieuw Amsterdam:

</doc>
<doc id="21574995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21574995" title="TB10Cs4H2 snoRNA">
TB10Cs4H2 snoRNA

TB10Cs4H2 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB10Cs4H2 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of SSU ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ1186.

</doc>
<doc id="21575004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575004" title="Rick Stepp">
Rick Stepp

Rick Stepp is an ethnobiologist and the G. P. Wilder Professor of Botany at the University of Hawaii. His work examines the strong relationship between biological diversity and cultural diversity. He has also been involved in research on the importance of weeds as medicinal plants for indigenous peoples. He was the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Ethnobiology from 2005-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21575008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575008" title="2001 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2001 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2001 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon, France and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament took place from October 8 through October 14, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21575033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575033" title="Master of Financial Economics">
Master of Financial Economics

A Master’s degree in Financial Economics, provides a rigorous understanding of theoretical finance and the economic framework upon which that theory is based . The degree is postgraduate, and usually incorporates a thesis or research component. Programs may be joint offered by the business school and the economics department. 
The nature of the degree differs by university. Often, the degree is largely theoretical, and prepares graduates for research positions, for doctoral study in economics, or for roles in applied economics. Some are positioned as professional degrees, preparing graduates for careers in investment banking and finance, and are comparable to the Master of Science in Finance, though with an increased weighting towards economic theory. In some cases, programs are substantially quantitative and are largely akin to a Master of Quantitative Finance. 
Closely related degrees include the "Master of Finance and Economics" and the "Master of Economics with a specialization in Finance". Recently, undergraduate degrees in the discipline are offered.
The degree is gaining in recognition: Oxford's Financial Economics MSc is the fourth ranked worldwide amongst "all" Masters in Finance programs (Pre-experience). 
Structure.
Masters in Financial Economics are usually one to one and a half years in duration, and typically include a thesis or research component. The programs require a bachelor's degree prior to admission, but do not (usually) require an undergraduate major in finance or economics; a usual requirement is exposure to (Multivariable) Calculus, Statistics and Probability theory, Linear Algebra and Differential Equations. Many programs include a brief review of these topics as an admission / preliminary course. 
The curriculum is distributed between theory, applications, and modelling, with the emphasis on each differing by university and program, as above.
Comparison with other qualifications.
There is some overlap with programs in financial engineering, computational finance and mathematical finance, such as the Master of Quantitative Finance (MQF). These degrees aim to train practitioners and "quants" - i.e. specialists in derivatives, fixed income and risk analysis - as opposed to economists, and their curricula are therefore weighted toward stochastic calculus, numerical methods, simulation techniques and programming, and are quantitative (well) beyond the level of the Financial Economics degree. Entrance requirements are similarly more mathematical. On the other hand, coverage of financial and economic theory, and econometrics, while significant, is comparatively secondary. As mentioned, some Financial Economics programs are substantially quantitative and differ very little from the MQF.
The overlap with general finance degrees such as the Master of Science in Finance (MSF), or with an M.B.A. in finance, is further limited, particularly where the Financial Economics program is theory oriented. These degrees are focused on financial management, corporate finance and investment management, and are practice oriented with limited exposure to the underlying economic theory. Note though, that since these courses train graduates in the "use" of the models developed in Financial Economics, the theory is (sometimes) covered in the context of (a basic) understanding of model assumptions. Similar comments apply to professional certifications such as the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. Note also that the Master of Finance (M.Fin.) and M.Sc. Finance degrees, as opposed to the "MSF", have a significant theory component (as well as quantitative component), and largely overlap with the Master's in Financial Economics.

</doc>
<doc id="21575036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575036" title="TB10Cs1H2 snoRNA">
TB10Cs1H2 snoRNA

TB10Cs1H2 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB10Cs1H2 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of LSU5 ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ901.

</doc>
<doc id="21575039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575039" title="Michael Curtis (journalist)">
Michael Curtis (journalist)

Michael Curtis (28 February 1920 – 3 July 2004) was a British newspaper editor and executive.
Curtis was born in Cambridge and studied at St Lawrence College, Ramsgate and Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge. During World War II, he fought with the Duke of Wellington's Regiment. He was injured in 1943, and after recovery, returned to Cambridge University to complete his degree.
In 1944, Curtis joined the "Eastern Daily Press" as a reporter, then in 1946 he joined the "News Chronicle". He was promoted to become Deputy Editor in 1953, and in 1954, he became Editor. Politically, he kept the newspaper aligned with the Liberal Party, and opposed the Suez invasion, a decision which led to a significant decrease in the paper's circulation.
As Editor, Curtis proposed a succession of ideas intended to revive the paper's circulation: to start using a broadsheet format, to form a partnership with Granada Television, to merge with the "Daily Herald", and finally to increase the price by a halfpenny in order to boost profits. Each idea was rejected by owner Laurence Cadbury. In 1957 Curtis finally resigned.
Curtis later worked as executive aide to the Aga Khan, writing speeches and organising publicity. In 1959, he launched the Nation Media Group on behalf of the Aga Khan, which published the "Sunday Nation" and subsequently the "Daily Nation" in Kenya, competing successfully with the existing colonial newspapers, the "Tanganyika Standard" and the "East African Standard". Sales rose rapidly from 17,500 to 35,000, and ultimately to 165,000. The company became profitable in ten years. As the culmination of the process of Africanising the company, Curtis stepped down in 1977, and moved to lead the Aga Khan's social welfare department in Aiglemont until his retirement in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21575053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575053" title="TB10Cs2H2 snoRNA">
TB10Cs2H2 snoRNA

TB10Cs2H2 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB10Cs2H2 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of LSU5 ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ1173.

</doc>
<doc id="21575057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575057" title="2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2002 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It was the 16th edition of the tournament and ran from October 7 through October 13, 2002. Paul-Henri Mathieu won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21575065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575065" title="Nalluri">
Nalluri

Nalluri is a popular surname in Prakasam and Guntur districts, in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The origins of this surname is from a village called Nalluru at 1) near Repalle, Guntur District, 2) near Tiruttani, Tamil Nadu.
Nalluri davera in pallapadu near guntur(dist., andhra pradesh.
There are many famous people with this surname, spread all over Andhra Pradesh:

</doc>
<doc id="21575068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575068" title="Bluetooth low energy">
Bluetooth low energy

Bluetooth low energy or Bluetooth LE, marketed as Bluetooth Smart, is a wireless personal area network technology designed and marketed by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group aimed at novel applications in the healthcare, fitness, security, and home entertainment industries. Compared to Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth Smart is intended to provide considerably reduced power consumption and cost while maintaining a similar communication range.
Bluetooth Smart was originally introduced under the name Wibree by Nokia in 2006. It was merged into the main Bluetooth standard in 2010 with the adoption of the Bluetooth Core Specification Version 4.0.
Mobile operating systems including iOS, Android, Windows Phone and BlackBerry, as well as OS X, Linux, and Windows 8, natively support Bluetooth Smart. The Bluetooth SIG predicts more than 90 percent of Bluetooth-enabled smartphones will support Bluetooth Smart by 2018.
Compatibility.
Bluetooth Smart is not backward-compatible with the previous, often called Classic, Bluetooth protocol. The Bluetooth 4.0 specification permits devices to implement either or both of the LE and Classic systems.
Bluetooth Smart uses the same 2.4 GHz radio frequencies as Classic Bluetooth, which allows dual-mode devices to share a single radio antenna. LE does, however, use a simpler modulation system.
Bluetooth Smart branding.
In 2011, the Bluetooth SIG announced the Bluetooth Smart logo scheme intended to clarify compatibility between low energy devices.
Target market.
The Bluetooth SIG identifies a number of markets for low energy technology, particularly in the smart home, health, sport and fitness sectors. Cited advantages include:
History.
In 2001, researchers at Nokia determined various scenarios contemporary wireless technologies did not address. The company began developing a wireless technology adapted from the Bluetooth standard which would provide lower power usage and cost while minimizing its differences from Bluetooth technology. The results were published in 2004 using the name Bluetooth Low End Extension.
After further development with partners, e.g., within EU FP6 project MIMOSA, the technology was released to the public in October 2006 with the brand name Wibree. After negotiations with Bluetooth SIG members, an agreement was reached in June 2007 to include Wibree in future Bluetooth specification as a Bluetooth ultra-low-power technology, now known as Bluetooth Smart technology.
Integration of Bluetooth Smart with version 4.0 of the Core Specification was completed in early 2010. The first device to implement the 4.0 specification was the iPhone 4S, released in October 2011. A number of other manufacturers released Bluetooth Smart Ready devices in 2012.
Applications.
Borrowing from the original Bluetooth specification, the Bluetooth SIG defines several profiles — specifications for how a device works in a particular application — for low energy devices. Manufacturers are expected to implement the appropriate specifications for their device in order to ensure compatibility. A device may contain implementations of multiple profiles.
All current low energy application profiles are based on the generic attribute profile, or GATT, a general specification for sending and receiving short pieces of data known as attributes over a low energy link. Bluetooth 4.0 provides low power consumption with higher baud rates.
Health care profiles.
There are many profiles for Bluetooth Smart devices in healthcare applications. The Continua Health Alliance consortium promotes these in cooperation with the Bluetooth SIG.
Sports and fitness profiles.
Profiles for sporting and fitness accessories include:
Proximity sensing.
"Electronic leash" applications are well suited to the long battery life possible for 'always-on' devices. Manufacturers of iBeacon devices implement the appropriate specifications for their device to make use of proximity sensing capabilities supported by Apple Inc. compatible iDevices.
Relevant application profiles include:
Implementation.
Chip.
Starting in late 2009, Bluetooth Smart integrated circuit implementations were announced by a number of manufacturers. Implementations commonly use software radio so updates to the specification can be accommodated through a firmware upgrade.
Hardware.
Current mobile devices are commonly released with hardware and software support for both Classic Bluetooth and the Bluetooth Smart standard. The Bluetooth SIG maintains a list of devices.
Technical details.
Radio interface.
Bluetooth Smart technology operates in the same spectrum range (the 2.400 GHz-2.4835 GHz ISM band) as Classic Bluetooth technology, but uses a different set of channels. Instead of the Classic Bluetooth 79 1-MHz channels, Bluetooth Smart has 40 2-MHz channels. Within a channel, data is transmitted using Gaussian frequency shift modulation, similar to Classic Bluetooth's Basic Rate scheme. The bit rate is 1Mbit/s, and the maximum transmit power is 10 mW. Further details are given in Volume 6 Part A (Physical Layer Specification) of the Bluetooth Core Specification V4.0.
Bluetooth Smart uses frequency hopping to counteract narrowband interference problems. Classic Bluetooth also uses frequency hopping but the details are different; as a result, while both FCC and ETSI classify Bluetooth technology as an FHSS scheme, Bluetooth Smart is classified as a system using digital modulation techniques or a direct-sequence spread spectrum.
More technical details may be obtained from official specification as published by the Bluetooth SIG. Note that power consumption is not part of the Bluetooth specification.
Software model.
All Bluetooth Smart devices use the Generic Attribute Profile (GATT). The application programming interface offered by a Bluetooth Smart aware operating system will typically be based around GATT concepts. GATT has the following terminology:
Some service and characteristic values are used for administrative purposes - for instance, the model name and serial number can be read as standard characteristics within the "Generic Access" service. Services may also include other services as sub-functions; the main functions of the device are so-called "primary" services, and the auxiliary functions they refer to are "secondary" services.
Identifiers.
Services, characteristics, and descriptors are collectively referred to as "attributes", and identified by UUIDs. Any implementer may pick a random or pseudorandom UUID for proprietary uses, but the Bluetooth SIG have reserved a range of UUIDs (of the form "xxxxxxxx-0000-1000-8000-00805F9B34FB" ) for standard attributes. For efficiency, these identifiers are represented as 16-bit or 32-bit values in the protocol, rather than the 128 bits required for a full UUID. For example, the "Device Information" service has the short code 0x180A, rather than 0000180A-1000-... . The full list is kept in the Bluetooth Assigned Numbers document online.
GATT Operations.
The GATT protocol provides a number of commands for the client to discover information about the server. These include:
Commands are also provided to "read" (data transfer from server to client) and "write" (from client to server) the values of characteristics:
Finally, GATT offers "notifications" and "indications". The client may request a notification for a particular characteristic from the server. The server can then send the value to the client whenever it becomes available. For instance, a temperature sensor server may notify its client every time it takes a measurement. This avoids the need for the client to poll the server, which would require the server's radio circuitry to be constantly operational.
An "indication" is similar to a notification, except that it requires a response from the client, as confirmation that it has received the message.
Further reading.
GATT is described in full in Volume 3, Part G of the "Bluetooth 4.0 Core Specification".

</doc>
<doc id="21575078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575078" title="Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!">
Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!

Plot.
From the moment he was born, Takeshi was born to be a leader. His first word upon birth was "leader", and his father, Hiroshi, was a "leader" among salarymen. After Hiroshi suddenly dies, Takeshi makes it his life goal to be a leader like his father, so he joins his new first grade class and hopes to become a true leader to his classmates.
Media.
Manga.
The serialized manga was collected by Shueisha in 25 "tankōbon" volumes between December 1997 and September 1, 2002. The series was re-released by Shueisha in 13 "bunkoban" volumes between August 4, 2004 and December 2, 2005.
Original video animation.
Although no anime series of "Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!" exists, a pilot original video animation (OVA) was shown as part of the "Jump Super Anime Tour" of 1998 with pilots for "One Piece" and "Hunter × Hunter".

</doc>
<doc id="21575089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575089" title="Thomas River">
Thomas River

The Thomas River is a river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.
The headwaters of the river rise south of Double Peak and flows westwards until it merges with the Gascoyne River of which it is a tributary. The junction of the two rivers is close to the Police Station Woolshed.
The Thomas flows through the Murrumburra Pool on its way to the Gascoyne.
The Thomas has two tributaries; Coondoondoo Creek and Pink Hills Creek.
Significant Gold and Tin deposits have been found in the Thomas River Gascoyne gold fields.

</doc>
<doc id="21575102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575102" title="2003 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2003 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2003 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. It was the 17th edition of the tournament and ran from October 6 through October 12, 2003. Rainer Schüttler won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21575103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575103" title="David Jay Perry Airport">
David Jay Perry Airport

David Jay Perry Airport is a town-owned public-use airport in Goldsby, a town in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. The airport is located near the interchange of I-35 and State Highway 74.
Facilities and aircraft.
David Jay Perry Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,113 feet (339 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways—one designated 17/35 with a 1,803×60 ft (550×18 m) asphalt surface, and one designated 13/31 with a 3,006×60 ft (916×18 m) concrete surface.

</doc>
<doc id="21575106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575106" title="Elizabeth Shaw">
Elizabeth Shaw

Elizabeth Shaw may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21575119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575119" title="Repaircare">
Repaircare

 
Repaircare is a British company that specialises in repairs for brown and white goods. The company is based in the West Midlands and has a network of tradesmen that provide a repair service throughout England, Scotland and Wales.
History.
Repaircare was launched in 2002 to provide a repair service on behalf of manufacturers, high street retailers and insurance companies. The company experienced rapid growth in the early years and quickly became established as the largest independent ‘white goods’ work provider to the independent trade within the UK.
Since its foundation in 2002 repaircare has conducted over 200,000 white good repairs and in excess of 20,000 floorcare repairs.
In 2008 repaircare launched a home repair service, adding an extra dimension to the brand. This service enables people to get their domestic appliances that aren’t covered by a warranty, including washing machines, dishwashers and ovens, repaired for a fixed fee. The unique selling features of the repaircare service are the convenience of being able to book and arrange repairs online 24/7, and fixed pricing that include both parts and labour.
At present repaircare is one of a number of prominent players in the home repair market.
Operations.
The repaircare head office is based in Birmingham, UK. They use a network of over 500 independent tradesmen to cover all regions of England, Scotland and Wales. 
Repaircare specialise in domestic appliances and offer repairs on models from a number of the leading white and brown goods manufacturers including Hotpoint, Beko, Indesit, Dyson and Zanussi.

</doc>
<doc id="21575121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575121" title="Bluespotted trevally">
Bluespotted trevally

The bluespotted trevally, "Caranx bucculentus" (also known as the wide-mouthed trevally), is a species of moderately large marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The bluespotted trevally is distributed through the tropical east Indian and west Pacific Oceans, ranging from Taiwan in the north to Australia in the south. It is an inshore species, found in sandy, muddy and seagrass environments, often in large bays. The bluespotted trevally is distinguished by dark blue spots on its upper body, as well as a number of more detailed anatomical features. It is a benthopelagic predator, taking a variety of crustaceans including crabs and prawns as a juvenile, before shifting to a more fish-dominated diet as an adult. It is one of the most common predators in the Gulf of Carpentaria of northern Australia, and is considered the most important predator of commercially important prawn species. Sexual maturity is reached at 110 mm in length and one year of age, with spawning occurring year round with a peak in spring. Growth is estimated to be 82.2 mm per year for both sexes, reaching a maximum known length of 66 cm. Bluespotted trevally are commonly taken as bycatch in prawn fisheries, however are of little commercial value and often discarded. They are occasionally taken by anglers on lures and baits, but are considered mediocre table fare.
Taxonomy and naming.
The bluespotted trevally is classified within the genus "Caranx", one of a number of groups known as the jacks or trevallies. "Caranx" itself is part of the larger jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, a group of percoid fishes in the order Perciformes.
The species was first scientifically described by the Australian zoologists Haynes Gibbs Alleyne and Sir William John Macleay based on a specimen collected off Cape Grenville, Queensland, which was later designated to be the holotype. They named the species "Caranx bucculentus", with the specific epithet meaning 'with full cheeks' in Latin, referring to the species' wide mouth gape. In the original volume of "Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales" in which the species was described, the specific name is spelled as "bucculantus" in the legend, but is considered to be a typographical error and ignored. The species placement in "Caranx" has never been challenged and no attempts have been made to independently rename the species, making it one of the few members of "Caranx" to have no synonyms. The commonly used name of 'bluespotted trevally' is in reference to the fishes' body markings, with 'wide-mouthed trevally' also infrequently used.
Description.
The bluespotted trevally is a moderately large fish, growing to a known maximum length of 66 cm. It has a body shape characteristic of many of the larger species of "Caranx", possessing a strongly compressed, oblong form with the dorsal profile, particularly anteriorly, much more convex than the ventral profile. The dorsal fin is in two distinct sections, the first consisting of eight spines while the second has one spine and 18 or 19 soft rays. The anal fin consists of two detached spines anteriorly followed by one spine and 15 to 17 soft rays, while the pelvic fin has 1 spine followed by 18 soft rays. The species lateral line is very strongly curved over a short length, becoming straight before the origin of the second dorsal fin, with this straight section over 2.5 times the length of the curved section. The curved section contain 40 to 50 scales while the straight section contains no scales, but 33 to 39 strong scutes. The breast is naked ventrally, with this area extending to behind the origin of the pelvic fins and diagonally to the base of pectoral fins. The eyes have a moderately well-developed posterior adipose eyelid which usually extends to the posterior edge of the pupil. The upper jaw contains an outer row of strong canines and an inner band of villiform teeth, while the lower jaw has only a single band of conical teeth. The species has 26 to 31 gill rakers in total and 24 vertebrae.
The bluespotted trevally is a pale olive green above, fading to a more silvery white below, with adults having numerous small blue spots on the upper half of their bodies. The upper end of the opercle has a large dark spot, with a black spot also present at the upper base of the pectoral fins. All the fins are yellow green.
Distribution and habitat.
The bluespotted trevally inhabits the tropical waters of the East Indian-West Pacific Ocean, and is restricted to a smaller range than most of its relatives. The species range extends from the waters of the South China Sea around Taiwan and Borneo south through eastern Indonesia and the Arafura Sea around Papua New Guinea. The species is commonly found off northern Australia, especially the Gulf of Carpentaria, but is occasionally seen as far south as Gladstone, Queensland.
The bluespotted trevally is an inshore fish, generally inhabiting coastal waters throughout its range. The species is known to inhabit shallow bays over sand, mud, and rarely seagrass bottoms, as well as slightly deeper waters in bays. Extensive sampling across the Gulf of Carpentaria indicates the maximum biomass for the species occurs at around 28.1 m depth, indicating the species preferentially inhabits substrate of this depth.
Biology.
Considerable research has been conducted on the bluespotted trevally in comparison to most other Indo-Pacific carangids, with this being partly due to the discovery of its abundance and importance in northern Australian shallow water ecosystems. It is one of the top ten most abundant secondary consumers in the system and the most important predator of commercially important prawn species. Successive sampling periods over a period between 1986 and 1991 found no systematic seasonal variations in the species abundance, although interannual variations in numbers occurred. The species also appears to undergo diel vertical migrations as evidenced by markedly decreased catches in demersal night trawls, possibly in response to prey movement.
Bluespotted trevally are predatory fish, consuming a range of crustaceans and fish. Studies in the Gulf of Carpentaria and in particular, Albatross Bay, indicate the species is most common over known prawn grounds. A shift in diet happens with age, with young fish less than 275 mm in length taking penaeids, brachyurans, other crustaceans, echinoderms, and molluscs, while larger fish take mostly small fish. The smaller trevally tend to forage during the day, taking species of small noncommercial species of prawns, while the larger fish took larger, commercially important species at night. Experimental studies indicate the species has low success foraging in seagrass beds and over soft strata where penaeids burrow during the day, but increased efficiency during the night when the prawns emerge to forage. There appears to be little seasonal variation in diet.
Bluespotted trevally reach sexual maturity at around 110 mm in length, usually after their first year of life. This is much earlier than other members of the genus, which attain similar lengths and reach maturity in their second or third years of life. The species spawns year round in the Gulf of Carpentaria with a peak in spring, with between 18,000 and 650,000 eggs released during spawning. The bluespotted trevally grows at a rate of around 82.2 mm per year. Intensive feeding experiments indicate the species can increase its weight by 3.7% and 2.7% of its body weight per day when fed prawns and pilchards, respectively. 
Relationship to humans.
Despite the large populations of bluespotted trevally, particularly in northern Australia, no major fishery is based around the species. They are taken by trawls and hook-and-line methods throughout their range, but form a considerable proportion of some prawn-trawler bycatches. Despite this, they are generally considered of no worth due to their mediocre reputation as table fish, as well as the possibility of ciguatera poisoning from larger specimens.
Bluespotted trevally are occasionally caught by recreational fishermen on various baits and lures, and are considered to a good sport fish, but tend to be overshadowed by giant trevally and bluefin trevally in reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="21575154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575154" title="Lecatte-Folleville">
Lecatte-Folleville

Gilles-Jean-Benoît Lecatte, known as Folleville (Paris, 14 May 1765 - Brussels, 9 August 1840), was a French actor mainly active in Brussels.
The son of an official in Louis XVI's court, he joined the French Navy and left for America. On his return to France he set up home in Nantes, where he made his debut, then in Rouen, Bordeaux and Amsterdam.
He was an actor at Liège in 1789, then at the Théâtre de Monsieur in 1790-1791, he arrived in Brussels in 1803. At the Théâtre de la Monnaie he played the rôles of kings, older noblemen and financiers until 1838, also heading the theatre from 1811 to 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="21575184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575184" title="TB11Cs2H1 snoRNA">
TB11Cs2H1 snoRNA

TB11Cs2H1 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecules that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB11Cs2H1 is a unique H/ACA RNA, it is also known as the splice leader associated RNA (SLA1). It was demonstrated that although this RNA guides pseudouridylation on SL RNA its main function is to properly fold its target in a distinct structure early in its biogenesis.

</doc>
<doc id="21575185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575185" title="Michael Schmidt (footballer)">
Michael Schmidt (footballer)

Michael Schmidt (born 6 August 1962 in Berlin) is a retired German football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Hamburger SV and SpVgg Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="21575231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575231" title="Parc Arboretum de Montfermeil">
Parc Arboretum de Montfermeil

The Parc Arboretum de Montfermeil (10.9 hectares) is a park and arboretum located in Montfermeil, Seine-Saint-Denis, Île-de-France, France. It is open daily without charge.
The park was formed by combining two existing parks, the former parc du Château des Cèdres and parc Jean Valjean, with extensive landscaping during which 731 trees and bushes were planted, adding to those 489 trees already in place. It opened to the public in 2006. 
The park's major feature is a long, curving dike that separates the site into two distinct sections: a large park in the natural style to the northwest, and a small, geometric space to the east. Each has its own pond on either side of the dike. The park contains 3.3 kilometers of walking and cycling paths.
The arboretum proper is planted on a set of 17 cairns throughout the entire park, organized as a "gallery of evolution" which begins at the water, then proceeds as follows: 1 origins ("Ginkgo Biloba"), 2 living fossils ("Cryptomeria japonica", "Cunninghamia lanceolata", "Metasequoia", "Sequoiadendron", "Taxodium distichum"), 3-6 dinosaurs and gymnosperms, 7-10 the Tertiary era of mammals and angiosperms, 11-17 mankind and landscaping, culminating in the "Jardins Chromatiques" (garden of colors).

</doc>
<doc id="21575234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575234" title="Marek Seweryn">
Marek Seweryn

Marek Seweryn (born October 17, 1957 in Katowice) is a Polish weightlifter.

</doc>
<doc id="21575236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575236" title="1998 Deildabikar">
1998 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 1998 was the third staging of the Finnish League Cup. It featured 34 teams.
The competition started on 13 March 1998 and concluded on 26 August 1998 with KR beating Valur 6-5 on penalties in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 1998

</doc>
<doc id="21575238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575238" title="Boriša Đorđević">
Boriša Đorđević

Boriša Đorđević (born 30 October 1953) is a retired Serbian football player. He spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21575239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575239" title="National Health Service Lottery">
National Health Service Lottery

The National Health Service Lottery was a failed lottery scheme designed to provide funding for the National Health Service in the United Kingdom. The scheme progressed as far as a trial in May 1988, but the draw was cancelled at the last minute on legal grounds, and the 43,000 people who took part had their money refunded.
Background.
The lottery, which was a national equivalent of earlier localised lotteries in support of hospital services, had a jackpot of £200,000, and even progressed as far as the issuing of tickets and a prize draw in May 1988. The scheme was approved by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in April 1988, and it was estimated that a single draw could have raised up to £500,000 for the Health Service.
Cancellation.
Although the National Health Lottery scheme was based upon earlier localised lotteries designed to generate funds for health services, by becoming national in scope, the scheme contravened the Lotteries and Amusements Act 1976. The scheme was referred to the Director of Public Prosecutions by the Gaming Board of Great Britain on 16 May 1988, halting the lottery before the first winner could be announced.
The Attorney-General, Sir Patrick Mayhew reported in the House of Commons in July 1988 that letters were written on 23 and 24 May to the company responsible for running the lottery indicating that the director would request police inquiries if the lottery draw took place.
The issue later appeared at Prime Minister's Questions on 27 October 1988:
Mr. Janner: "Does the Prime Minister recall recently endorsing a lottery intended to benefit the grossly under-resourced National Health Service and then having to remove her endorsement when the lottery turned out to be illegal? Is she proposing to endorse a further lottery launched today for the same purpose, which appears to be illegal under both current and intended legislation?"
<br>
Margaret Thatcher: If something is illegal, one cannot possibly endorse it...On that particular private sector lottery, the advice was that as far as could be seen it was legal. When the advice came that it was illegal, of course one did not endorse it. I have not the slightest intention of having a national lottery organised by the Government. I disapprove of them.
Repercussions.
Despite the failure of the scheme, the idea for a national lottery in aid of the health service was not dropped and was extensively debated during Parliamentary Questions on 28 July 1988, and on later occasions. It was noted in a 1989 issue of "Health Affairs" that surveys showed the most popular approach to raising funds for the NHS was "not an increase in progressive income taxes, but rather the launching of a new national lottery (65 percent)". The idea of a "national lottery" in aid of good causes eventually materialised in the form of the National Lottery, first launched in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="21575258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575258" title="Thrapston Midland Road railway station">
Thrapston Midland Road railway station

"See also Thrapston Bridge Street on the Northampton and Peterborough Railway station." 
Thrapston Midland Road railway station is a former railway station on a Midland Railway branch line from Kettering. The Station officially closed to Passengers on the 15th June 1959. However the actual last passengers left the Platform on the 8.30pm from Kettering on the evening of 13th June 1959. The train was hauled by steam locomotive and tender 46467 a Class 2 Ivatt LMS Mogul 2-6-0.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21575263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575263" title="The Dixon Cornbelt League and Other Baseball Stories">
The Dixon Cornbelt League and Other Baseball Stories

The Dixon Cornbelt League and Other Baseball Stories is a short story collection written by W. P. Kinsella. It was published in 1993.
Synopsis.
These nine stories from Kinsella all have the same general themes, centering around baseball, human nature, and the mystical.
The title story is about an undrafted college player's attempt to go pro. He catches on with a minor league team in a small Iowa town, where the atmosphere is light and the citizens welcoming. However, something isn't right about the new team...
Other stories in the collection are more surreal. For example, in "Eggs," an old pitcher is kept in his in-laws' home by some mysterious force.

</doc>
<doc id="21575264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575264" title="Niala, Mali">
Niala, Mali

Niala is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 7667. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575280" title="1973 Women's Cricket World Cup">
1973 Women's Cricket World Cup

The 1973 Women's Cricket World Cup was the first tournament of its kind, held two years before the first limited overs World Cup for men in 1975. The competition was won by the hosts, England. The competition was the brainchild of businessman Sir Jack Hayward, who contributed £40,000 towards its costs.
England, Australia, New Zealand, Trinidad and Tobago and Jamaica were joined by an International XI and a Young England side in a round robin league which saw the top team win the World Cup. England topped the group with 20 points from their six matches, including five victories and one defeat, while Australia were runners up posting 17 points with four wins.
The final round robin match, held at Edgbaston on 28 July, was distinguished by a commanding century by Enid Bakewell of England, whose 118 formed the bedrock of England's imposing 279-3 in their 60 overs, with captain Rachel Heyhoe-Flint scoring 64. Australia were restricted by tight England bowling and fell well short of their target, scoring 187-9. The cup was presented by Princess Anne and the winning England team were hosted at a reception at 10 Downing Street by Prime Minister Edward Heath [http://content.cricinfo.com/magazine/content/story/393261.html]. 
Bakewell, one of England's finest all time players, was the leading run-scorer in the competition with 264 runs while Rosalind Heggs, of Young England, headed the bowling aggregates with 12 wickets. The next World Cup was held five years later in 1978.
Competition.
Standings.
"Note: Pld = Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, A = Abandonments, A = No results, Pts = Points."

</doc>
<doc id="21575291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575291" title="Diaramana">
Diaramana

Diaramana is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 14,514. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575295" title="Peter Hidien">
Peter Hidien

Peter Hidien (born 14 November 1953 in Koblenz) is a retired German football player. He spent ten seasons in the Bundesliga with Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="21575300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575300" title="Iris Nazmy">
Iris Nazmy

Iris Nazmy is an Egyptian writer, journalist and film critic. She is the President of the Alexandria Film Festival. 
Nazmy was born in Cairo and graduated from Cairo University's Faculty of Arts. When she was a student, her first dialogue was with the then-Dean of the Faculty of Arts regarding the perceived inferiority of women who sit in cafeterias or coffee shops. This dialogue was published in "Al Qahira" newspaper. 
At the beginning of her career she worked at Sabāh al-Khayr and "Rose al-Yūsuf" magazine. She also worked in Dar Akhbar El Yom, in the accidents news department.
She has participated in several festivals, including the establishment of the Cairo International Film Festival, Alexandria International Film Festival, and Aswan's African States Film Festivals. She considered being the first Egyptian woman to head a cinema festival. 
Nazmy won the honor of the Fourth National Festival of Egyptian Cinema. A book about her life, "Iris Nazmi: brave heart", was written by Mona Thabet and published by the Cultural Development Fund in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="21575302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575302" title="Kemeni, Mali">
Kemeni, Mali

Kemeni is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 10,734. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575311" title="Io (English band)">
Io (English band)

io is an experimental rock band from Birmingham, UK. The band currently consists of Al Lawson (guitar/vocals), Stu Atkins (guitar), Dave Wright (drums), and Steve Wood (bass). 
The band formed in 2006 after the collapse of two Birmingham bands, State of Serenity and Project-7. Al Lawson (guitars/vocals), Stu Atkins (guitar), Dave Wright (drums), and Tom Lawson (bass) started writing loud, progressive, instrumental music that evoked the feeling of Mogwai, ISIS and Red Sparowes. After cementing a live show described as "so spectacular and powerful it could have soundtracked the moon's conversion from a glowing, white golf ball into a fearsome, reddish planet", the band entered the studio to record their debut EP, itwaslostinthefirewestarted. Recorded by Jay at Dub:Rek studios in Derby, the self-released EP garnered praise such as "a 'choose your own adventure' book for audiophiles" and "sublime, contemplative, and explosive epic noise". In August 2007, the band tour the EP in the UK with friends Death of London and To the Bones. 
March 2008 saw the European release of io's debut album, Monolith. Released by short lived French label Arghh! records (Mothertrucker, God is an Astronaut, The Mantra Above the Spotless Melt Moon) the album consisted of the four tracks from itwaslostinthefirewestarted together with two new tracks, "Where we're going we don't need roads" and "Farewell, my concubine". Favourable reviews in France, Germany and Italy allowed io to tour mainland Europe to support the release. After the tour James Black, who had been playing bass since the recording of the debut EP, left to band to pursue his love of dubstep. He currently DJs under the name Arctic.
A struggle to replace James saw a quiet end to 2008. In 2009 Steve Wood took over on bass and the band began playing live and writing for their second full length album. The album "Materioptikon" was released in November on Grammatical Records. The album received positive reviews such as "a stunning piece of progressive hardcore/post-rock mashup" and "A beautiful, melodic, Post-Rock epic that forces repeated listens".

</doc>
<doc id="21575312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575312" title="Cain's Way (album)">
Cain's Way (album)

"Cain's Way" is an album by the Polish death metal band Hate. It was recorded at Serakos Studio in 2001. The album was released in Poland under Koch Int. in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21575360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575360" title="Chemjong">
Chemjong

Chemjong is a Limbu surname. The origin and history of the name "Chemjong" comes from the era of Lasahang(LashaHang which was during the dynasty of Limbuwan. It is most common in Limbuwan, East Nepal and Sikkim.

</doc>
<doc id="21575387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575387" title="List of number-one singles of 2009 (Spain)">
List of number-one singles of 2009 (Spain)

This a list of the Spanish PROMUSICAE Top 20 Singles number-ones of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21575393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575393" title="Somasso">
Somasso

Somasso is a town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 69,561. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575401" title="Dougouolo">
Dougouolo

Dougouolo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 7,120. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575402" title="The Restaurant (UK series 3)">
The Restaurant (UK series 3)

The third series of "The Restaurant" is a television series that aired in the United Kingdom on BBC Two in 2009.
The judges were again Raymond Blanc, Sarah Willingham and David Moore. Nine couples competed for the chance to open their own restaurant, this time backed by all three judges.
Filming for the third series, which is based in Bristol, began on 12 June. In what were apparently cost-cutting measures, the format was changed from previous series. There was only one episode each week, no challenge, and the restaurants were not allocated until the third week. Only six couples were given a restaurant to run.
In a departure from the previous series there was much less emphasis on cooking skills, or actual performance during the series with a greater focus on the couples' concepts for their restaurants, as shown by JJ and James's win despite the former's lack of cooking skills and abysmal performance in the majority of tasks.
The Restaurant was made by BBC Vision Productions.
In July 2010 the BBC announced that the show has ended.

</doc>
<doc id="21575406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575406" title="Werner Dreßel">
Werner Dreßel

Werner Dreßel (born 30 August 1958 in Hambach) is a German football coach and a former player. As a player, he spent nine seasons in the Bundesliga with SV Werder Bremen, Hamburger SV, 1. FC Nürnberg and Borussia Dortmund.

</doc>
<doc id="21575411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575411" title="Falo, Mali">
Falo, Mali

Falo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 25,735. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575416" title="Wentworth Falls (waterfall)">
Wentworth Falls (waterfall)

Wentworth Falls is a seasonal three-tiered waterfall fed by the Jamison Creek, near the town of Wentworth Falls in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia. The falls are accessible via the National Pass Walking Trail and the Overcliff/Undercliff Walk. The total height of the waterfall is . Near the falls, there is a rocky knoll that has a large number of grinding grooves created by rubbing stone implements on the rock to shape and sharpen them. These marks have been determined to be signs of early human habitation nearby. 
Tourism.
A picnic area, accessible via a sealed road from the Great Western Highway, is located a short distance from the town of , with parking for cars and larger vehicles. Easy and challenging walking trails loop from the picnic area and follow the Jamison Creek south to the top of Wentworth Falls where scenic views over the expansive Jamison Valley to the south can be enjoyed. A trail follows the creek as it cascades down several waterfalls; with a further trail leading down into the valley floor. 
A fatality occurred in 2000 when an English tourist plunged off the waterfall while paddling in a rock pool.
In January 2013, another English tourist died after falling when he slipped on rocks.
In February 2013, following a period of high rainfall, the Wentworth Falls was reported as looking "spectacular" with torrents of water flowing.

</doc>
<doc id="21575417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575417" title="2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2004 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was played at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament took place from October 4 through October 11, 2004. Robin Söderling won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21575422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575422" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Nations Cup Men">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Nations Cup Men

Standings.
"standings as of February 16, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="21575423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575423" title="List of members of the seventeenth Knesset">
List of members of the seventeenth Knesset

The following is a list of the Members of the seventeenth Knesset, elected on 28 March 2006 and inaugurated 4 May 2006, and their replacements.
Knesset Members.
1 This title, in Hebrew ממלא מקום ראש הממשלה ("Memale Mekom Rosh HaMemshala", lit. Prime Minister's Place Filler), means Livni was first in line to replace the Prime Minister in case of incapacitation or death; it does not mean she actually exercised any Prime Ministerial duties.
² Labour successfully filed a lawsuit, alleging electoral fraud in several Arab settlements and requesting an additional seat at the expense of the United Arab List. Zakour was replaced by Labour's Shakib Shanan.
3 Gil parliamentary group split in April 2008, with MKs Sharoni, Marom and Glazer forming the Justice for the Elderly faction. In October 2008, Sharoni and Marom reunited with Gil, leaving Glazer to form The Right Way parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="21575425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575425" title="Touna">
Touna

Touna is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 20,238. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575429" title="Diena, Mali">
Diena, Mali

Diena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,831. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575430" title="Tony Roberts (racing driver)">
Tony Roberts (racing driver)

Anthony Roberts, (17 November 1938 – 2001), was an Australian race and rally driver.
Roberts won the 1968 Datsun 3 Hour Trophy at Sandown in Melbourne with Bob Watson, giving the Holden HK Monaro GTS327 a debut victory. In 1969 Roberts, then a prominent rally driver competing for a major Holden dealership, and with just a single season of circuit racing experience, was invited by Harry Firth to join his newly formed Holden Dealer Team and went on to take victory co-driving with Colin Bond in the 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500 HDT Holden HT Monaro GTS350.
Roberts and Bond won the 1970 Rothmans 12 Hour at Surfers Paradise, also in an HDT Monaro GTS350. Then Roberts drove a Holden Torana sports sedan which was used as a prototype for the Torana GTR XU-1 which debuted later in the year.
During the 1970 Hardie-Ferodo 500 Roberts was involved in a sensational incident late in the race when, after losing control, he launched his Ford XW Falcon GTHO Phase II backwards over Skyline before tumbling down the hillside.
Roberts made seven starts in the history of the Bathurst 1000, after his impressive debut with a third place (with Bob Watson) in 1968. Tony Roberts died in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="21575438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575438" title="HTC Magic">
HTC Magic

The HTC Magic (marketed as the T-Mobile myTouch 3G in the United States and the NTT DoCoMo HT-03A in Japan) is an Android smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC. It is HTC's second Android phone after the HTC Dream, HTC's first touch-only Android flagship and the second Android phone commercially released, as well as the first touchscreen-only Android phone. Vodafone unveiled the Magic on February 17, 2009 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The Magic went on sale in Spain on April 27, 2009, in the UK and Taiwan in May 2009, and in Singapore, Hong Kong and The Netherlands in June 2009. It became more widely available to customers in Germany (Vodafone), France (SFR), Philippines (SMART Communications), India (Airtel) and non-exclusively in Italy and Sweden, and other countries. The device was released in Canada by Rogers Wireless on 2 June 2009. Vodafone has exclusive rights to sell the HTC Magic in some of the markets they service.
Pre-orders for the smartphone in the United States through T-Mobile USA began on 8 July 2009. T-Mobile officially released on 5 August 2009. In Russia, there was information that it would be available via Russian HTC official online store for about 770 USD, but soon HTC announced that it decided to sell another Android-powered device instead of HTC Magic. The first Android device officially sold in Russia was later revealed to be the HTC Hero.
Software stack.
The HTC Magic runs the Android operating system and comes pre-installed with a WebKit based browser. Other pre-installed software enables access to various Google services, including Gmail, Google search, Google Maps, Google Talk and YouTube.
Like the HTC Dream, the Android Market application, which allows users to download new software applications from third-party developers, as well as providing publicly viewable ratings and comments, is also included with the device. Indian versions of HTC Magic do not have Google apps and Android Market access.
There also are several non-official versions of Android released for the Magic, such as the CyanogenMod firmware, which offers enhanced performance and additional features.
Software upgrades.
Most carriers have upgraded this phone to Android OS 2.2 Froyo, including T-Mobile and Vodafone.
One exception is Rogers in Canada which has not upgraded the phone past Android 2.1, and NTT Docomo in Japan, which has not upgraded the phone past Android 1.6. Another is Proximus in Belgium and HTC in Taiwan, which has released no updates to the Android 1.5 firmware.
Hardware.
The only models that use the 32B platform are the original T-Mobile myTouch 3G (v1.2 of this phone, released in Feb 2010, switched to the 32A), the Vodafone Magic in some countries, the Google Ion developer phone, and the NTT DoCoMo HT-03A.
Retail packaging.
T-Mobile USA.
The T-Mobile myTouch 3G comes bundled with a pair of headphones, an extUSB headphone adapter (which also serves as an in-line microphone), wall charger, USB Cable, Cloth Pouch, Screen Protector, and documentation, all inside a unique carrying case that also serves as the retail box. The Phone itself also has a 4 GB SanDisk Class 2 microSD Card (SDHC) inside. The T-Mobile myTouch 3G Fender LE comes with the same accessories except for the headphone adapter, and the microSD card that is included has a 16 GB capacity.
Vodafone.
The Vodafone HTC Magic comes bundled with a pair of headphones, wall charger, USB cable and documentation. The phone comes with a 2 GB microSD card. The Vodafone Germany/New Zealand/Australia HTC Magic comes bundled with a pair of headphones, wall charger, USB cable, leatherette pouch and documentation. The phone comes with an 8 GB microSD card.
Rogers.
The Rogers HTC Magic comes bundled with a pair of headphones, wall charger, USB cable, leather pouch, and documentation. The phone also includes a 2 GB microSD card. Unlike the T-Mobile model, it does not come with an extUSB headphone adapter. The HTC Magic was one of the first smartphones to be offered by Rogers.
Successors marketed by T-Mobile USA.
T-Mobile USA released the myTouch 3G Slide June 2, 2010 in the United States. The myTouch 3G Slide runs Android 2.2 Froyo and has a 3.4-inch touch screen and a 5-megapixel auto focus camera with LED flash.
T-Mobile USA released the myTouch 4G November 3, 2010 in the United States. The myTouch 4G runs Android 2.2 Froyo. The myTouch4G features a 3.8-inch touch screen, a 5-megapixel auto-focus rear camera with LED flash, a front-facing VGA camera for video chat and can be used as a Wi-Fi Hotspot for up to 4 devices. The myTouch 4G supports T-Mobile's 4G HSPA+ network.

</doc>
<doc id="21575439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575439" title="Yangasso">
Yangasso

Yangasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 14,456. 
On 21 December 1915 column of Senegalese Tirailleurs of the French Army was defeated here in a battle of the Volta-Bani War. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575447" title="Bodjie Pascua">
Bodjie Pascua

Luisito "Bodjie" Pascua (born 1955) is a Filipino stage and film & TV actor and former children's television host. He is best known as "Kuya Bodjie" ("Big Brother Bodjie"), the iconic character he portrayed on the children's educational television program "Batibot".
On Batibot, Kuya Bodjie interacted with the other Batibot characters as part of the show's regular portion. Pascua's unique claim to fame, however, was a segment called ""Mga Kwento ni Kuya Bodjie"" ("Kuya Bodjie's stories") which featured Pascua telling a new short Children's story in every episode. Pascua called on his theater skills to make the narration lively and to give each character in the stories their own unique voice.
Pascua's stage appearances include "Cabaret;" "Fire, Water, Woman;" "Mass;" "1896;" "Zarzuela;" "Hamlet;" and numerous musicals written by famed composer Ryan Cayabyab.
His film appearances include: Imahenasyon, Sa Aking Pagkakagising Mula Sa Kamulatan, The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros (local title ""Ang Pagdadalaga Ni Maximo Oliveros""), and the satiric mockumentary Coup B'Etat.
In popular culture.
The Iconic status of the Kuya Bodjie character has linked him and his distinctive voice to the childhood memories of the generation of Filipino children who grew up during the late 1980s. Jokes and anecdotes about that period often involve a reference to the character, with the speaker imitating Pascua's signature vocalization, or that of other Batibot characters, such as Kiko Matsing or Pong Pagong, speaking to their "Kuya Bodjie".

</doc>
<doc id="21575454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575454" title="Seiler">
Seiler

Seiler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21575456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575456" title="List of members of the eighteenth Knesset">
List of members of the eighteenth Knesset

The following is a list of the Members of the 18th Knesset, elected on 10 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="21575460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575460" title="Beguene">
Beguene

Beguene is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 7,475. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575466" title="Dithalama cosmospila">
Dithalama cosmospila

Dithalama cosmospila is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21575469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575469" title="Fani">
Fani

Fani is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 10,184. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575475" title="Samabogo">
Samabogo

Samabogo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 9,808. Samabogo style is founded in Samabogo. Gilbert was one of the most famous Samabogiens, because of his samapogo 

</doc>
<doc id="21575486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575486" title="Tiemena">
Tiemena

Tiemena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 8,115. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575489" title="Kazangasso">
Kazangasso

Kazangasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 5,481. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575493" title="2005 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2005 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2005 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was played at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the 2005 ATP Tour. It was the 19th edition of the tournament and took place from October 24 through October 31, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="21575499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575499" title="Fisera eribola">
Fisera eribola

Fisera eribola is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575504" title="Konobougou">
Konobougou

Konobougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 26,084. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575506" title="Roots and Wings (Neal Casal album)">
Roots and Wings (Neal Casal album)

Roots and Wings is the ninth studio album by singer-songwriter Neal Casal, released January 27, 2009 on Fargo Records. Casal states that the album is his favorite and that it is "about making peace with the past, and it's about the ocean."
Upon release, Casal posted the following on his blog: Big day for me here. After lots of hard work "Roots and Wings" is finally released. Best record i’ve ever made by a long long mile, i’m immensely proud of it. Massive thanks to all of the unbelievable musicians who played on it, Sadie and Megan for their beautiful art, Shoko for putting the site together, Fargo and Goatee records for getting the word out, all at Topspin, G$, Don Sternaker for the sounds, my brothers in The Cardinals, all of my friends who hung with me through it, and y’know, everyone really.

</doc>
<doc id="21575516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575516" title="Kalpasar Project">
Kalpasar Project

The Kalpasar Project envisages building a dam across the Gulf of Khambat for generating tidal power and for establishing a huge reservoir for fresh water for irrigation, drinking and industrial purposes. A 10 lane road link will also be set up over the dam, greatly reducing the distance between Saurashtra and South Gujarat.
History.
The Gulf of Khambhat was identified as a promising site for tidal power generation by UNDP Expert, Mr. Eric Wilson in the year 1975. Successive governments were then presented in details the possibility of a project, aptly named Kalpasar Project by its visionary Dr. Anil Kane, who conceptualised it in 80s as a feasible project. In 1988-89 a reconnaissance report was prepared for the dam across the Gulf of Khambhat. The report concluded that, assuming sound foundation conditions, the closure of the Gulf was technically feasible.
It was reported that construction will begin in 2014.[http://www.projectsmonitor.com/daily-wire/work-on-gujarats-kalpasar-project-likely-to-commence-by-next-year/]
Economics.
A state government release said the Rs 55,000 crore (US$ 11.7 billion) project, to be completed by 2020, will have a vast fresh water reservoir with gross storage of 16,791 million cubic metres of water, 35 km long dam across the Gulf of Khambhat connecting Ghogha in Bhavnagar with Hansot in Bharuch District, reducing the distance between the two by 225 km. It will have tidal power generation house with an installed capacity of 5,880 MW. Another estimate was given by the Government in October, 2010 which stated the proposed dam to be build just north of Bhavnagar in the west to Alandar in Dahej on the east. [http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Gujarat-plans-first-over-the-sea-dam/articleshow/6811046.cms]

</doc>
<doc id="21575518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575518" title="Lemongello">
Lemongello

Lemongello may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21575519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575519" title="Kalake">
Kalake

Kalake is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 11,239. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575526" title="Oscar Peterson at the Stratford Shakespearean Festival">
Oscar Peterson at the Stratford Shakespearean Festival

Oscar Peterson at the Stratford Shakespearean Festival is a 1956 live album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Ray Brown and Herb Ellis, recorded at the 1956 Stratford Shakespeare Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575527" title="Boidie">
Boidie

Boidie is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 17,645. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575534" title="Kellersee">
Kellersee

The Kellersee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany.
It lies east of the village of Malente on the River Schwentine, has an area of , is up to 27 metres deep and lies at a height of . Southeast of the lake is the village of Fissau in the borough of Eutin.
Management.
The Kellersee is managed by the Schwarten Fishery ("Fischerei Schwarten") who also run a small pub right by the lakeshore.
Water sports and ice skating.
At some points on the lake there are dangerous katabatic winds ("Fallwinde") that are often underestimated and may lead to serious problems. This occurs mainly in the Fissau Bay. At this point, the lake lies between two steep hills, due to its glacial history. In addition, the lake is particularly deep, because the Schwentine enters it here.
The adjacent Mondschein or Stille Bay freezes later than the lake, as does the area around the mouth of the Schwentine. The thin sheet of ice in these areas can be dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="21575537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575537" title="Tamani">
Tamani

Tamani is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 14,858. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575540" title="Sanando">
Sanando

Sanando is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 24,033. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575541" title="Dieksee">
Dieksee

The Dieksee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany.
Geography.
It has an area of , a maximum length of about 3.4 kilometres and a maximum width of 1.6 kilometres. 
The lake is up to 38 metres deep, its surface elevation is about and it is crossed by the River Schwentine from east to west. This waterway links the Dieksee to the other lakes in the Holstein Lake District (the Kleiner- and Großer Eutiner See, the Kellersee, the Großen- and Kleinen Plöner See and the Ukleisee). 
Like the rest of Holstein Switzerland, the Dieksee was formed during the last ice age. Dead-ice was preserved in the hollow thus formed; when that melted the lake was formed.
Recreation.
Boats may use the lake and pleasure boats (run by "5-Seen-Fahrt") link the largest villages of the Holstein lake district. In the villages of Malente-Gremsmühlen, Niederkleveez and Timmdorf there are jetties on the Dieksee. There is a circular walk and cycle path around lake which is about 14 kilometres long. From the Holzberg Tower there is a good overview of the Dieksee, the lake's islands of Langenwarder and Gremswarder and the other lakes in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="21575544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575544" title="Rampart Reservoir">
Rampart Reservoir

Rampart Reservoir or Rampart Range Reservoir is a reservoir northwest of the city of Colorado Springs, Colorado in Pike National Forest. The reservoir is located on a granite plateau approximately above sea level, and consists of a body of water with a capacity of . This water supplies the domestic drinking water for the city of Colorado Springs, and because of this fact, access to the area was briefly limited after the September 11 attacks on the United States. The area today is a popular recreation area for boaters, mountain bikers, and hikers.
Planning for construction of the reservoir began in the 1960s in recognition of the growing population of south-central Colorado and its increasing need for drinking water. In 1967, the city of Colorado Springs voted that the planned reservoir would eventually be opened for public recreation after construction of the necessary facilities. In 1969, the reservoir's dam was built, stretching long and high. Five years after its completion, the dam was completely filled and opened to the public as a recreation area. The reservoir has been stocked with fish by the Colorado Division of Wildlife, which continues to do so today.
Rampart Reservoir closed on June 23, 2012 due to the Waldo Canyon fire. The reservoir was reopened for limited access (no boats) on Friday, May 24, 2013.
References.
http://www.fs.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsinternet/!ut/p/c4/04_SB8K8xLLM9MSSzPy8xBz9CP0os3gDfxMDT8MwRydLA1cj72BTJw8jAwjQL8h2VAQAzHJMsQ!!/?ss=110212&ttype=recarea&recid=16852&actid=29&navtype=BROWSEBYSUBJECT&position=BROWSEBYSUBJECT&navid=110130000000000&pnavid=110000000000000&cid=FSE_003705&pname=PSICC+-+Rampart+Reservoir+Recreation+Area

</doc>
<doc id="21575547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575547" title="Kleiner Plöner See">
Kleiner Plöner See

The Kleine Plöner See is a lake in Holstein Switzerland in North Germany.
Geography.
It lies west of the town of the Plön, has an area of , is up to about 31 metres deep and has a surface elevation of around . The lake is owned both by the state of Schleswig-Holstein as well as various private individuals.
The weakly eutrophic lake lies on the River Schwentine, which enters in two places from the Großer Plöner See

</doc>
<doc id="21575548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575548" title="Gouendo">
Gouendo

Gouendo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 8,724. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575549" title="Naples–Salerno railway">
Naples–Salerno railway

The Naples–Salerno railway line is a major railway line in the Italian rail network, forming a link in the main trunk line to southern Italy. The first nine kilometres from Naples to Portici was the first railway in Italy, opened on 3 October 1839. It was extended to Torre Annunziata Centrale on 2 August 1842, Nocera Inferiore on 19 May 1844. The line was extended to Cava de' Tirreni on 31 July 1858, Vietri sul Mare on 1 August 1860 and Salerno on 20 May 1866.
Passenger traffic is denser between Angri and Salerno, as the towns between Naples and Scafati are also served by the intensive commuter services on the Circumvesuviana. High-speed and long distant trains between Naples/Rome and Salerno operate over the Naples–Salerno high-speed line, which opened in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="21575553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575553" title="Herthasee (Rügen)">
Herthasee (Rügen)

Herthasee is a lake on the island Rügen, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At a length of 170 m and a width of 140 m, it covers a surface area of 0.202 km². It has a maximum depth of 11 m.
It is located in the center of the Jasmund National Park and its famous chalk cliffs.
At its embankment, the lake features a Slavic hill fort called "Herthaburg", with a height of 17 m. It was constructed and inhabited between the 8th and 12th century.
The German goddess Hertha, also known as Earth Mother Nerthus, is supposed to have lived in Jasmund at Hertha Fortress ("Herthaburg") which is named after her. In fact, some of the earth ramparts were part of a former Slavic refuge castle. According to the saga, the goddess left the Sea at this location and travelled the country from here. Allegedly the goddess Hertha drove once a year to the lake of "Herthasee" to bathe in it. Mortals were forbidden from seeing the goddess bathing. So all the servants and slaves, who helped her to bathe, were then drowned in the lake. Theodor Fontane captured this legend in his novel "Effi Briest".
Even Tacitus, a senator and historian of the Roman Empire, mentioned the legend around this lake and the surrounding area in Germania, an ethnographic work on the Germanic tribes outside the Roman Empire, in 98 A.D. already.

</doc>
<doc id="21575555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575555" title="Somo, Mali">
Somo, Mali

Somo is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,171. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575556" title="2006 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon">
2006 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon

The 2006 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was played at the Palais des Sports de Gerland in Lyon in France and was part of the International Series tournaments of the 2006 ATP Tour. The tournament took place from October 23 through October 30, 2006. Richard Gasquet won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="21575561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575561" title="Großer Eutiner See">
Großer Eutiner See

The Großer Eutiner See is a lake in Holstein Switzerland, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It lies northeast of the town of Eutin.
It has an area of , is up to 17 metres deep and lies at a height of about . It northern side borders directly on the woods of the Seeschaarwald. In the western part of the lake, separated by the Bebensund Bridge, the Fissauer Bucht, its main inflow, the River Schwentine enters, and then leaves again a little further west. For boating enthusiasts the Schwentine is only navigable upstream as far as the Großer Eutiner See.
There are two islands in the Großer Eutiner See:
Pheasant Island ("Fasaneninsel") on which the origins of the settlement in that area are located, and which used to be a visual axis point for the former baroque garden at Eutin Castle and which has been re-occupied today and is in private hands, and the so-called "Liebesinsel" ("Love Island").
Musicals take place during the summer in the castle garden on the shore of the Großer Eutiner See.

</doc>
<doc id="21575569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575569" title="Kronsee">
Kronsee

The Kronsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany.
It lies on the River Schwentine between the Kleiner Plöner See, upstream, and
the Fuhlensee, downstream, south of Wahlstorf Manor House.
It has an area of , is up to 8 metres deep and lies about .

</doc>
<doc id="21575571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575571" title="Faheem Ansari">
Faheem Ansari

Faheem Ansari, also known as Mohammad Faheem Ansari, is an Indian national who was alleged to be a member of Lashkar-e-Toiba (LET), an organisation considered terrorist by India and the United States, among others. He was arrested on 10 February 2008 along with five others, charged in connection with the 2008 Mumbai attacks, and later acquitted.
Background.
Ansari's family was originally from Uttar Pradesh, but he was born and raised in Mumbai. He is married to Yasmin, with whom he has a daughter, Iqra. He joined the LET in 2003 while working in Dubai. In 2007, he returned to Mumbai and stayed there for about three months. Though his parents and brothers were residing in the Goregaon suburb of the city, he made no attempt to contact them during his entire stay. He first stayed at a guest house in Grant Road, but after a few weeks rented a small accommodation. Ansari had initially planned on renting an accommodation in Colaba, but due to the high rent there, decided to settle at Grant Road.
The Mumbai police alleged that Ansari did a reconnaissance of several prominent Mumbai landmarks, including the Mumbai Stock Exchange, the Mumbai police headquarters at Crawford Market, the Maharashtra police headquarters at Colaba, the Mahalakshmi Temple and the Siddhivinayak temple. Ansari went to the Taj Hotel and Oberoi Trident as a tourist and shot video footage of the interiors. He also videotaped the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and the Nariman House, and hand-drew the maps of all the 26/11 targets. In December 2007, Ansari travelled to Kathmandu, where he met and handed over the material to his associate, Sabahuddin Shaikh. He then travelled on a Pakistani passport to Karachi and gave the maps to an LET member named Muzammil.
Arrest.
On 10 February 2008, Uttar Pradesh police arrested Ansari along with five others. These included Pakistani nationals Romez alias "Amar Singh" and Sehwez alias "Ajay Malhotra" and Indian nationals Sohel, Sawauddin (or Sabauddin) Sanju and Baba Jung Bahadur. He was arrested for his involvement with an attack on a Central Reserve Police Force camp in Rampur on 31 December 2007, in which 7 paramilitary personnel and 1 civilian were killed. The interrogation revealed that Ansari had performed reconnaissance over twelve places in Mumbai, including government, police, transportation, tourist and financial sites over the course of two months. However, Ansari later alleged that the Mumbai police conveniently made him a scapegoat and deliberately falsified evidence against him.
Alleged role in the Mumbai attacks and acquittal.
On 31 December 2008, Ansari, along with Sabauddin Shaikh, was formally accused of aiding the November 2008 attackers in Mumbai. The interrogation of Ajmal Kasab and of Ansari, revealed that none of the attackers had been in the city before the attacks, and acted solely on intelligence provided by Ansari. On 11 February 2010, his lawyer Shahid Azmi was murdered in what was suspected by authorities to be a professional contract killing. On 3 May 2010, Ansari and the co-accused Sabauddin Shaikh were acquitted of any complicity in the attacks. In the acquittal, the Judge blasted the Mumbai police for the case it made against him and Sabauddin Shaikh. They were shifted from Arthur Road Jail to Uttar Pradesh to stand trial in connection with the CRPF camp attack at Rampur in 2007.
Sexual harassment.
Advocate Ejaz Naqvi, the lawyer for Ansari, presented in court an allegation that a female FBI agent had removed all of Ansari's clothes and showed him pornographic films. Naqvi also requested that Ansari be taken for a medical examination. The court asked the Crime Branch to investigate and report by 26 February 2009, and ordered the medical examination. Ansari had earlier questioned the right of FBI agents to interrogate him.

</doc>
<doc id="21575572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575572" title="Dougoufie">
Dougoufie

Dougoufie is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 8,557. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575574" title="Gorleben salt dome">
Gorleben salt dome

The Gorleben salt dome is a proposed deep geological repository in a salt dome in Gorleben in the Lüchow-Dannenberg district in the far north-east of Lower Saxony for low-, medium- and high-level radioactive waste.
Site selection.
At the end of 1973 the search began for a final salt dome storage. The plan was a repository for all types of radioactive waste in a salt dome. 24 salt domes were considered. The federal government asked the company KEWA (Kernbrennstoff-Wiederaufarbeitungs-Gesellschaft) to search for a location.
On July 1, 1975 the KEWA proposed three sites in Lower Saxony for further investigation: the salt domes Lutterloh, Lichtenhorst and Wahn. The location Gorleben is not advantageous in this category. The investigation of the sites began with drilling holes. In November 1976 the Lower Saxony cabinet called for the Federal Government to examine the three sites, so they could designate a location.
In February 1977 the Lower Saxony cabinet designated finally the Gorleben salt dome as a single location for the repository and waste disposal center. The choice of Gorleben was the work of a project group which investigated 140 salt domes within a few months.
Of these 140 salt domes only four were proposed: Lichtenhorst, Wahn, Maria Glück (Höfer) and Gorleben.
Of these, Gorleben was chosen. The selection criteria were among others, land use, population density, radiation and repository geology. Geoscientific arguments played only a small role. For example, the salt dome Höfer (Maria Glück) is too small for a repository but reached the last round of selection. The ultimate decision for Gorleben according to the former Lower Saxony Prime Minister Ernst Albrecht was mainly for structural reasons for the economic development of the zone. 1.5 billion Euro's of research has been conducted in the period 1979-2000 at Gorleben.
On hindsight it became clear that the original and methodologically correct approach, to investigate three potentially suitable salt domes in parallel and a comparative assessment of the results were abandoned by the choice for Gorleben. Security-oriented geoscientific arguments were ignored in the evaluation of Gorleben. The lack of transparency and accountability for the decision for Gorleben is still one of the reasons why the opposition to the location is so vehement.
Surface exploration.
The surface exploration of the Gorleben site began in April 1979 and lasted until 1983. The investigation covered drilling 44 boreholes in the salt table, geophysical investigations, including reflection seismic measurements, hydro-geological studies, approximately 500 outcrop- and groundwaterlevel drillings, four deep boreholes to approximately 2,000 m at the edges of the salt stock, two shaft boreholes to approximately 1,000 m depth to confirm the starting points of the selected slot, a seismic networkstation to monitor earthquake activity as well as numerous other studies.
The exploration results and their evaluation were carried out in two reports by the Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt (1983) and the Bundesamt für Strahlenschutz (1990) and are summarized below.
It says (PTB 1983): ""An initial assessment of the capping mass in terms of its barrier function for potential contaminated ground water shows that the occurring clay sediments in the central areas of the salt stock Gorleben lack the indication that it can function as a permanent barrier to prevent contamination of the biosphere."
This assessment still applies today and is supplemented by other negative site characteristics, such as anticipatory selective subrosion and the short time that is needed for the groundwater from the salt dome to reach the biosphere.
The expectations that one of the capping masses could be used as a barrier were not fulfilled. After that there was a change in safety philosophy: the importance of the capping mass as a barrier against the spread of radionuclides has been withdrawn and in return the salt dome alone is used as the crucial barrier. Based on this modification of the safety philosophy the underground exploration started.
Underground exploration.
The drilling for shaft 1 started in 1986 and in October 1996 the punch line was created between shafts 1 and 2 on the 840 m sole. The main objective of the underground exploration is the detection of rocksalts like top anhydrite which are required for the final storage. The exploration area 1 is largely open and under investigation. Comprehensive geoscientific investigations as well as geotechnical measurements and experiments were done. The results so far can be classified according to the Federal Institute for Geosciences and Natural Resources (BGR 1998) as followed:
The Gorleben moratorium.
In the agreement between the federal government and electric utility companies on June 14, 2000 in addition to the nuclear power phase-out a moratorium on the planned repository Gorleben was agreed on. After the agreement the exploration of Gorleben to clarify conceptual and safety issues was suspended for at least three years with a maximum of ten years.
The prototype for final storage to clarify conceptual and safety issues Schacht Asse II came in the news in 2008 about brine contaminated with radioactive caesium-137, plutonium and strontium.

</doc>
<doc id="21575578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575578" title="Fuhlensee">
Fuhlensee

Fuhlensee is a lake in Holstein Switzerland, in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. 
It lies on the River Schwentine between the Kronsee (upstream) and the Lanker See (downstream), south of Wahlstorf Manor House.
It has a surface area of 0.14 km², is up to 6 metres deep and has an elevation of about .
There is a snack bar on the northern shore for boaters.

</doc>
<doc id="21575579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575579" title="Tesserla">
Tesserla

Tesserla is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,388. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575580" title="Alexander Mikhajlovich Baldin">
Alexander Mikhajlovich Baldin

Alexander Mikhajlovich Baldin (Russian: Александр Михайлович Балдин) (February 26, 1926, Moscow — April 29, 2001) was a Russian Soviet physicist, expert in the field of physics of elementary particles and high energy physics.
After finishing the railway technical school, he studied in the Moscow Institute of Engineers and Transport, followed by a DSc program in Moscow Engineering Physics Institute completing in 1949, when he became a professor in Lebedev Physical Institute. In 1968, he was named the director of Laboratory of High Energy Physics in the Institute for Nuclear Research (ОИЯИ) in Dubna, where the Soviet nuclear weapons were developed. He was elected a member of Russian Academy of Science and a faculty of Moscow State University. He was the co-designer of the project of synchrophasotron ОИЯИ (1949). He received the Order of Lenin (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="21575581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575581" title="N'Gassola">
N'Gassola

N'Gassola is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Barouéli in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 5,235. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575583" title="Sibbersdorfer See">
Sibbersdorfer See

The Sibbersdorfer See is a lake in the district of Ostholstein within the region known as Holstein Switzerland in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. 
It lies between Sibbersdorf and Fissau, north of the Großer Eutiner See, near the town of Eutin. 
It has an area of , is up to 7 metres deep, lies at an elevation of about and is crossed by the River Schwentine.
Gull island.
There is a gull island, about 5,000 square metres in area in the Sibbersdorfer See.
Until it was sold in 1988, gull eggs were collected here.
When this practice ended, the island became increasingly overgrown as it was no longer mown.
The Eutin-Malente Bird Conservation Group took over this maintenance function in 1995 and the number of breeding pairs increased again.
Reed Buntings and Reed Warblers have no longer bred here since the end of the 1990s.
In 2004 1,051 breeding pairs of birds of 19 species were counted, including:
750 pairs of Black-headed Gulls (1996: 50 pairs), three pairs of Mediterranean Gulls, 22 pairs of Common Terns,
15 pairs of Canada Geese, one pair of Oystercatchers, two Peewit pairs, 12 pairs of
Graylag Geese, 49 pairs of Tufted Duck and a pair of Mute Swans.

</doc>
<doc id="21575589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575589" title="Kirchsee (Schleswig-Holstein)">
Kirchsee (Schleswig-Holstein)

The Kirchsee is a lake in Plön district in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein, in a region known as "Holstein Switzerland".
The Kirchsee is the lake in the town centre of Preetz. The original settlement of Preetz is situated on its western shore. This is also the location of Preetz's town church, after which the lake is named. The Kirchsee is crossed by the River Schwentine, which flows from the south, from the Lanker See. The lake has an area of , is up to 6 metres deep and lies at an elevation of about . Today the lake is nearly surrounded by built-up areas.

</doc>
<doc id="21575598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575598" title="Postsee">
Postsee

Postsee is a lake in Kreis Plön, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 20.6 m, its surface area is 276.4 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21575606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575606" title="Scharsee">
Scharsee

Scharsee is a lake in Kreis Plön, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 20.8 m, its surface area is 0.363 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575608" title="1997 Deildabikar">
1997 Deildabikar

The Deildabikar 1997 was the second staging of the Icelandic League Cup. It featured 34 teams.
The competition started on 13 March 1997 and concluded on 13 May 1997 with ÍBV beating Valur 3-2 in the final.
References.
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 1997

</doc>
<doc id="21575610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575610" title="Richter tuning">
Richter tuning

Richter tuning is a system of choosing the reeds for a diatonic wind instrument (such as a harmonica or accordion). It is named after Joseph Richter, a Bohemian instrument maker who adopted the tuning for his harmonicas in the early 19th century and is credited with inventing the blow/draw mechanism that allows the harmonica to play different notes when the air is drawn instead of blown. 
Richter tuning is designed as a compromise between diatonic melody and harmony. The lower portion of the harmonica is designed to play the tonic and dominant chords on the blow and draw respectively (in the key of C, this would be the C major and G major chords). The remainder of the instrument is tuned to, in this example, blow entirely in the key of C major, with each successive note following the sequence
and the four notes not in the C major chord arranged on the draw in the sequence
For example:
Variants.
There have been many variants of Richter tuning.
Country tuning.
Country tuning raises the initial F by a semitone to an F. This primarily aids in harmony in the key of G, facilitating easy play of the G-C-D (I-IV-V) chord progression, while maintaining a partial G7 (minus the root) higher on the harmonica. It can occasionally be helpful in some melodies, most notably "The Star-Spangled Banner," which has a low F# and a high F. For example:
Harmonic minor tuning.
Harmonic minor tuning is a variation in which E is replaced by E and A is replaced by A. Thus the blow notes repeat a sequence of
(perhaps shifted to begin with E or with G) and draw notes at some point begin to follow a repeating sequence of
though perhaps with a different initial sequence.
For example:
Major seventh tuning.
Major seventh tuning raised each F by a semitone to F♯. For example
Melody Maker tuning.
Melody Maker tuning raises the first or second draw-note G by a full note to an A, and raises each F by a semitone to F. For example:
Natural minor tuning.
Natural minor tuning is a variation in which E is replaced by E and B is replaced by B. Thus the blow notes repeat a sequence of
(perhaps shifted to begin with E or with G) and draw notes at some point begin to follow a repeating sequence of
though perhaps with a different initial sequence.
For example:
Paddy Richter tuning.
Paddy Richter tuning (developed by Brendan Power) allows a two octave scale suitable for melody-based music. It was developed with Irish jigs, reels and hornpipes in mind but is suitable for other melodic music also; it allows pentatonic scales in the stated key and up a fifth; for instance, an instrument in the key of G can play both the G and D major pentatonic scales throughout the length of the instrument). The tuning raises the 3 blow by a whole step e.g. from D to E on a G harp; this addition of the sixth also allows melodies on a harmonica's corresponding minor scale (e.g. E minor on a G harmonica) to be played an octave lower than would otherwise be possible without bending. The addition of this, however, adds an additional complication to playing harmonic music on the harmonica, requiring the 3 hole to be blocked when playing a tonic chord. The lower octave requires a bend on the 2 draw to achieve a missing note (on a G harmonica, a C when playing in G, or a C# when playing in D), which is also required on standard Richter-tuned harmonicas.
For example:
Richter Extended tuning.
So-called Richter Extended tuning is in fact a significant departure from Richter tuning. In "Richter extended tuning," all Fs and As are removed from the instrument, and the dominant (G) chord is, like C on the blow, extended through all of the holes on the draw, following the sequence
For example:

</doc>
<doc id="21575611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575611" title="Monds">
Monds

Monds is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="21575614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575614" title="Klostersee (Lehnin)">
Klostersee (Lehnin)

Klostersee (Lehnin) is a lake in Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 29 m, its surface area is 0.38 km². It is located in the municipality of Kloster Lehnin, Potsdam-Mittelmark district.

</doc>
<doc id="21575620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575620" title="Funtensee">
Funtensee

Funtensee is a lake in the Steinernes Meer plateau in the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, Germany located on the larger of the two sinkholes of the uvala, known for record low temperatures up to 30°C (54°F) lower than the surrounding area. Its primary inflows are the Steingraben, Stuhlgraben and Rennergraben.
Location.
At an elevation of 1601 m, its surface area is 3.5 ha. Its outflow toward the Schrainbach is subterranean at a location called "Teufelsmühle". On its shore is the Kärlinger Haus mountain hut which is open for the summer season; in addition, there is a winter room available. The valley is surrounded by Viehkogel (2,158m), Glunkerer, (1,932m) and Stuhljoch (2,448m) which leads to the Funtenseetauern mountain (2,578m), named after the lake.
History.
Earliest evidence of use of the area for grazing can be traced to ca 1604-1619. Around 1870 there is evidence of eight active "Kaser" (living quarters/stables) causing concerns of overgrazing. The "Funtenseealm" was active through 1964.
Temperature.
Known as the coldest spot in Germany, the lake is the site where the country's record lowest temperature, −45.9°C (-50.6°F), was recorded on 24 December 2001. It is theorised that due to the unique situation of trapped cold air, a temperature of -55°C (-67°F) is possible. The extreme cold spot at the lake is said to result in a reverse tree line, as no trees can grow at any point below about 60m above the lake, although studies have found that it was the result of overgrazing animals. Temperatures are regularly monitored by a private weather station installed by Jörg Kachelmann.
Outflow.
The noise of the water disappearing underground has led to local folklore and the naming of the outflowpoint "Teufelsmühle" ("Devil's Mill" or "Devil's Grinder"). The exact route the water takes underground has not yet been established and an extensive cave has not been ruled out but the outflow point is not accessible to humans to investigate.

</doc>
<doc id="21575626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575626" title="Simssee">
Simssee

Simssee is a lake in Alpenvorland, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 470.1 m, its surface area is 6.5 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575633" title="TB10Cs5H3 snoRNA">
TB10Cs5H3 snoRNA

TB10Cs5H3 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB10Cs5H3 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of SSU ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ1276.

</doc>
<doc id="21575637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575637" title="Dioro, Mali">
Dioro, Mali

Dioro is a town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune extends over an area of approximately 586 square kilometers on the right bank of the Niger River and includes the town and 29 of the surrounding villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 47,876. The town of Dioro is located 57 km northeast of Ségou on the bank of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="21575639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575639" title="Markkleeberger See">
Markkleeberger See

Markkleeberger See is a lake in Saxony, Germany, next to Markkleeberg, a suburb on the south side of Leipzig. At an elevation of 112.5 m, its surface area is 2.52 km². It is a former open-pit coal mine, flooded in 1999 with groundwater and developed in 2006 as a tourist area. On its southeastern shore is Germany's only pump-powered artificial whitewater slalom course, the Kanupark Markkleeberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21575645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575645" title="Sébougou">
Sébougou

Sébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 10 villages in an area of approximately 115 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 16,175. The commune lies to the south of the River Niger and to the west of the urban commune of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575646" title="Wassersportsee Zülpich">
Wassersportsee Zülpich

Wassersportsee Zülpich is a lake in Westdeutschland, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. At an elevation of 154 m, its surface area is 85 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21575651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575651" title="Bernd Noack">
Bernd Noack

Bernd Rainer Noack (born 17 February 1966) is a German scientist. 
His research and teaching area is closed-loop flow control for transport systems. Focus is placed on reduced-order modelling and nonlinear (attractor) control of shear flows. Currently investigated configurations include wakes, mixing layers, jets, combustor mixing and aerodynamic flows around cars and airplanes. Another main area
are thermodynamic formalisms for turbulence modeling.
Life.
He received his degree a diplom physicist from the Georg-August-University, Göttingen, in 1989. He stayed on to receive his physics doctorate in 1992 under Helmut Eckelmann. In the sequel, he had positions at the Max-Planck-Institut für Strömungsforschung, Göttingen, the German Aerospace Center, Göttingen, the Göttingen University, and the United Technologies Research Center (East Hartford, CT, USA) before he joined the Berlin Institute of Technology. There, Professor Noack has headed the group "Reduced-Order Modelling for Flow Control" at the School V "Transport and Machine Systems". Currently, he is Director of Research CNRS at Institut Pprime, Poitiers, France.
Scientific Work.
At the center of Noack's scientific investigations is the grand challenge of developing consistent modeling frameworks, enabling the simplest possible, physically meaningful and accurate representations of phenomena, as complex as fluid dynamics systems can be. Within that wide context, his work has focused primarily on developing the theoretical foundations for models and modeling tools, building on the Galerkin method approach, originally proposed by Boris Galerkin. A guiding principle, underlying his work is the premise that in order to generate a low order model of a complex physical phenomenon, it is necessary to first identify the simplest representation of the dominant physical principles, governing that phenomenon. To do so, Noack integrated ideas and methods across a wide breadth of approaches and lately, across disciplines. One notable example is the integration of the efficiency of the proper orthogonal decomposition the Galerkin of mean field theory, early ideas of Lev Davidovich Landau and their later refinement by J. T. Stuart and J. Watson. A more recent example is the connection between ideas in finite time non-equilibrium thermodynamics (FTT) and Galerkin models.
In addition to his primary theoretical work on Galerkin models, Bernd Noack's diverse research activities include theoretical studies in Lagrangian vortex models, numerical methods in computational fluid dynamics, and innovative approaches to flow visualization, to name a few examples. This breadth builds on a network of cross disciplinary collaborations, in Poitiers, Berlin and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="21575653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575653" title="Fahrlander See">
Fahrlander See

Fahrlander See is a lake at Potsdam, Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 29.4 m, its surface area is 2.105 km². The Sacrow–Paretz Canal flows through the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21575655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575655" title="Pelengana">
Pelengana

Pelengana (or Pélengana) is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains the town and 25 villages in an area of approximately 359 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 56,259. The town of Pelengana lies 5 km southeast of Ségou on the Route Nationale 6. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575660" title="Konodimini">
Konodimini

Konodimini is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 23 villages in an area of approximately 362 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 16719. The village of Konodimini, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, lies 23 km southwest of Ségou, on the right (south) bank of the Niger River.

</doc>
<doc id="21575664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575664" title="Soignébougou">
Soignébougou

Soignébougou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 8 villages in an area of approximately 81 square kilometers. In the 2009 census the population was 3,110. The village of Soignébougou, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, is 30 km southwest of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575665" title="Christina Rau">
Christina Rau

Christina Rau, née Delius (born 30 October 1956 in Bielefeld) is the widow of the late Johannes Rau, the President of Germany.
Early life.
Rau is the maternal granddaughter of former President Gustav Heinemann. She attended boarding school in Switzerland and Scotland (Gordonstoun, where The Prince Andrew was one of her classmates). Subsequently, she studied political science, economics and history at the University College of Wales and at King's College London.
Wedding.
On 9 August 1982, she married Johannes Rau, 25 years her senior, who was at that time the Prime Minister of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The couple had three children: Anna Christina (1983), Philip Immanuel (1985) and Laura Helene (1986). The family lived in Elberfeld until 1999, and then moved to Berlin.
Activities.
She was the patron of : 

</doc>
<doc id="21575667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575667" title="Heiliger See">
Heiliger See

Heiliger See (English: Holy Lake) is a lake within the city limits of Potsdam, Brandenburg, Germany, located northeast of the city center and bordering the historic park known as the New Garden. Together with the lakes Sacrower See and Groß Glienicker See to the north it forms a chain of lakes resulting from a glacial tunnel valley. The lake is 1.33 km long and 300 metres wide on average.
Because of its picturesque location amidst the historic parks and palaces of Potsdam, with the Marmorpalais on its west shore and Cecilienhof near the north shore, the lake is a popular goal for excursions and has an attractive residential area on its eastern shore.
On the north shore there are informal places for swimming and sunbathing, as well as a connection to Lake Jungfernsee and thus to the Havel River’s extensive network of waterways via the Hasengraben, a short canal where the water is kept dammed up to maintain a high water level for the lake. This is done to keep the wooden piles on which the Marmorpalais is built from being exposed to the air and drying out. 
The lake suffers from an overload of biomass, especially from falling leaves which are decomposed by bacteria on the shallow bottom, depleting the lake of oxygen in the process. In summertime the depths can be virtually without oxygen, causing dead ecological zones.

</doc>
<doc id="21575671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575671" title="Sakoïba">
Sakoïba


</doc>
<doc id="21575673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575673" title="Sansanding">
Sansanding

Sansanding is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes the town and 17 of the surrounding villages in an area of 315 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 23,109. The town sits on the left (north) bank of the River Niger about 50 km downstream from Ségou.
The commune lies entirely to the north of the river and is crossed, from west to east, by the Canal Macina and the Fala de Boky-Wéré which carry water from the Niger to the rice polders north of Macina. The canal and Fala form part of the Office du Niger irrigation scheme.
History.
The Scottish explorer, Mungo Park visited the town in July 1796 and again in September 1805 when he stayed for over six weeks on his last fatal journey. At the time, Sansanding was an important commercial center with a daily market and a larger weekly market. Park gives this description:
Sansanding contains, according to Koontie Mamadie's account, eleven thousand inhabitants. It has no public buildings, except the mosques, two of which though built of mud, are by no means inelegant. The market-place is a large square, and the different articles of merchandize are exposed for sale on stalls covered with mats, to shade them from the sun. The market is crowded with people from morning to night: some of the stalls contain nothing but beads; others indigo in balls; others wood ashes in balls; others Houssa and Jinnie cloth. I observed one stall with nothing but antimony in small bits; another with sulphur, and a third with copper and silver rings and bracelets. In the houses fronting the square is sold, scarlet, amber, silks from Morocco, and tobacco, which looks like Levant tobacco, and comes by way of Tombuctoo. Adjoining this is the salt market, part of which occupies one corner of the square. A slab of salt is sold commonly for eight thousand cowries; a large butcher's stall, or shade, is in the centre of the square, and as good and fat meat sold every day as any in England. The beer market is at a little distance, under two large trees; and there are often exposed for sale from eighty to one hundred calabashes of beer, each containing about two gallons. Near the beer market is the place where red and yellow leather is sold.
Besides these market-places, there is a very large space which is appropriated for the great market every Tuesday. On this day astonishing crowds of people come from the country to purchase articles in wholesale, and retail them in the different villages, &c. There are commonly from sixteen to twenty large fat Moorish bullocks killed on the market morning.</blockquote/>

</doc>
<doc id="21575675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575675" title="TB10Cs5H2 snoRNA">
TB10Cs5H2 snoRNA

TB10Cs5H2 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB10Cs5H2 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of SSU ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ131.

</doc>
<doc id="21575677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575677" title="Sibila">
Sibila

Sibila is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 15 villages in an area of approximately 280 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 19,185. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575678" title="Groß Glienicker See">
Groß Glienicker See

Groß Glienicker See is a lake in the states of Brandenburg and Berlin, Germany. At an elevation of 31.6 m, its surface area is 0.66 km². The border between the city of Potsdam and the city of Berlin runs in a north-south direction through the center of the lake, with the Potsdam locality of Groß Glienicke on the left shore and the Berlin locality of Kladow on the right shore.
Geology.
Together with the Sacrower See to the south and the Heiliger See in Potsdam, Glienicker See forms a chain of glacial lakes. It lacks a surface outlet and is almost entirely feed by groundwater.
The lake during the Cold War.
The border between West Berlin and East Germany in the center of the lake was marked by buoys. The Berlin Wall on the west and south shores prevented access to or even a sight of the shore by East Germans. For those in West Berlin the lake was a popular place for swimming. One could swim (or in the winter walk over the ice) up to the buoys.

</doc>
<doc id="21575681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575681" title="Diouna">
Diouna

Diouna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 11 villages in an area of approximately 175 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 9,244. The "chef-lieu" of the commune is the village of Diouna which lies 49 km east of Ségou. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575683" title="Fools of Fortune">
Fools of Fortune

Fools of Fortune is a 1990 Irish and British drama film directed by Pat O'Connor and starring Iain Glen, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Julie Christie, Catherine McFadden, Amy Joyce Hastings and Michael Kitchen. It depicts a Protestant family caught up in the conflict between the British Army and the IRA during the Irish War of Independence. It was filmed on location in Dublin, County Westmeath, Galway and at Ardmore Studios.
This film is based on the 1983 novel by Irish writer William Trevor.

</doc>
<doc id="21575686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575686" title="Boussin">
Boussin

Boussin is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 15 villages in an area of approximately 178 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 12,401. The village of Boussin lies 36 km east of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575689" title="1968 U.S. Professional Indoor">
1968 U.S. Professional Indoor

The 1968 U.S. Professional Indoor was a WCT tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was played at the Wachovia Spectrum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was the inuagural edition of the tournament and was held from February 5 through February 11, 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="21575690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575690" title="Templiner See">
Templiner See

Templiner See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg, Germany. It stretches to the south and west from the centre of the city of Potsdam. 
The lake is some long, with a maximum width of and a surface area is . It lies at an elevation of above sea level, and has a maximum depth of .
The navigable River Havel flows through the lake, entering it at its northern end adjacent to central Potsdam, and leaving it at its southern end via a short channel to the Schwielowsee between Caputh and Geltow. The lake is crossed by two cable ferries, the Kiewitt Ferry towards its northern end, and the Caputh Ferry at its southern exit. Navigation is administered as part of the Untere Havel–Wasserstraße.
At the northern end of the lake, the peninsula of Hermannswerder protrudes into the lake. At about its midpoint, the lake is crossed by the Berlin outer ring railway, using an embankment and bridge. This was built in the 1950s, to bypass West Berlin during the division of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="21575694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575694" title="Sama Foulala">
Sama Foulala

Sama Foulala is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 7 villages in an area of approximately 154 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,180. The village of Sama Foulala, is on the left (north) bank of the River Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="21575698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575698" title="Souba">
Souba

Souba is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 24 villages in an area of approximately 1,104 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17,961. The village of Souba, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, sits on the left (north) bank of the Niger River.

</doc>
<doc id="21575701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575701" title="Farako, Ségou">
Farako, Ségou

Farako is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune lies on the north bank of the Niger River and contains 11 settlements in an area of 200 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 17,570. The town of Farako is the "chef-lieu" of the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="21575703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575703" title="Weißer See (Potsdam)">
Weißer See (Potsdam)

Weißer See is a lake in Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 29.4 metres, its surface area is 0.26 km². The Sacrow–Paretz Canal flows through the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21575707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575707" title="Cinzana">
Cinzana

Cinzana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 71 villages in an area of approximately 1,050 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 36,440. The Bani River runs along the southern boundary of the commune. The village of Cinzana lies 41 km southeast of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575712" title="Saminé">
Saminé

Saminé is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes the town and 5 villages in an area of approximately 197 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 12,082. The Bani River runs along the southern boundary of the commune. The town of Saminé, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, is 41 km south-southeast of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575713" title="Grössinsee">
Grössinsee

Grössinsee is a lake in Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 33.2 m, its surface area is 0.94 km². It is located in the town of Trebbin, Teltow-Fläming district.

</doc>
<doc id="21575718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575718" title="Hopfensee">
Hopfensee

Hopfensee is a lake in Bayerisch Schwaben, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 783.8 m, its surface area is 194 ha.
The maximum length of the lake is 2.1 km, and its circumference is 6.8 km. It lies north of Füssen in Ostallgäu. Its maximum depth is 10 m. It was formed by the Lechtal glacier and is one of the remains of a larger "Fuessener See". The Hopfensee-Ach flows out of the lake and into the Forggensee.
On the northeast shore is the resort Hopfen am See. There is a campground on the east shore. Besides swimming, which is possible as early as the end of May, boating, sailing, and wind surfing are popular activities.
The north shore has a spectacular view of the Allgäu Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="21575720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575720" title="Katiéna">
Katiéna

Katiéna is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 27 villages in an area of approximately 998 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 33,180. The Bani River runs along the southern boundary of the commune. The village of Katiéna is the ("chef-lieu") of the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="21575722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575722" title="Dougabougou">
Dougabougou

Dougabougou is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 180 square kilometers and includes the town and 6 villages. In the 2009 census the population was 29,208. The town lies 20 km north of the Markala dam. Many of the inhabitants are employed in the production of sugar on land irrigated by the Office du Niger scheme. A Chinese-Malian company (Sukala SA) produces sugar in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="21575729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575729" title="Togou">
Togou

Togou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune contains 10 villages in an area of approximate 147 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 8,987. The village of Togou, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, is 35 km northeast of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575730" title="Bannwaldsee">
Bannwaldsee

Bannwaldsee is a lake in Allgäu, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 785.9 m, its surface area is 2.28 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575735" title="N'Gara, Ségou">
N'Gara, Ségou

N'Gara is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes three villages in an area of approximately 159 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,700. The village of N'Gara, the "chef-lieu" of the commune, is 30 km southwest of Ségou.

</doc>
<doc id="21575742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575742" title="Weißensee (Füssen)">
Weißensee (Füssen)

Weißensee (Füssen) is a lake in Allgäu, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 787.3 m, its surface area is 134.65 ha.
External links.
Weissensee, Article

</doc>
<doc id="21575743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575743" title="Massala, Mali">
Massala, Mali

Massala is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune includes 8 villages in an area of approximately 89 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,547.

</doc>
<doc id="21575750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575750" title="Leptotrombidium">
Leptotrombidium

Leptotrombidium is a genus of mites in the family Trombiculidae, that are able to infect humans with scrub typhus ("Orientia tsutsugamushi" infection) through their bite. The larval form (called chiggers) feeds on rodents, but also occasionally humans and other large mammals. They are related to the harvest mites of the North America and Europe.
It was originally thought that rodents were the main reservoir for "O. tsutsugamushi" and that the mites were merely vectors of infection: that is, the mites only transferred the contagion from the rodents to humans. However, it is now known that the mites only feed once in their lifetime, which means that transmission from rodent to human via the mites is impossible (for it to have been possible, the mite would have to feed at least twice, once on the infected rodent and again on the human who would then be infected). Instead, the bacterium persists in the mites through transovarial transmission, where infected mites transmit the infection to their unborn offspring. Leptotrombidium mites are therefore both vector and reservoir for "O. tsutsugamushi". The infection predominantly affects female mites, and does not appear to otherwise harm the mites.
Life history.
The larva is pale orange in colour and feeds on liquified skin tissue, not blood, as their mouth parts (chelicerae) are too short to reach the blood vessels. They have 3 pairs of legs. The larvae most commonly target rodents, but will also attach to humans. For humans, the bite is painless, but pain commonly develops only after the larva detaches from the skin, leaving a red papule that may then develop into an eschar.
The larval stage lasts for 1 to 2 weeks. After feeding, the larvae drop to the ground and become nymphs. Nymph is brick-red in colour and has 4 pairs of legs. Nymphal stage lasts for 1 to 3 weeks. Nymphs mature into adults which have 4 pairs of legs, first pair being the largest. They are harmless to humans. In the post larval stage, they are not parasitic and feed on plant materials. Female lays eggs singly, which hatch in about a week. Lifespan of adult is about 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="21575751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575751" title="Großer Alpsee">
Großer Alpsee

Großer Alpsee is a lake in Bayerisch Schwaben, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 724,63 m, its surface area is 247.3 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="21575755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575755" title="Barmsee">
Barmsee

Barmsee is a lake in Oberbayern, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 885.03 m, its surface area is 55 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="21575765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575765" title="Lake Kummerow">
Lake Kummerow

Lake Kummerow () is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 0.3 m, its surface area is 32.55 km². Its outflow is the Peene. It is situated southwest of Demmin. It is named after the village Kummerow on its southern shore. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575767" title="Kopernica, Poland">
Kopernica, Poland

Kopernica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chojnice and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
The village has a population of 54.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21575768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575768" title="Shannon Express">
Shannon Express

Shannon Express is a male barbershop chorus based in Potton, Bedfordshire, England. The chorus formed in 1978 and has twice won the British Association of Barbershop Singers (BABS) gold medal, in 1995 and 1998. The chorus meets every Thursday from 7.30pm to 10.15pm at Potton Lower School.
The group is named after the original engine that ran on the railway from Potton to Sandy and whose construction was begun by Sir William Peel and opened in 1857.
A sister chorus is the Phoenix Ladies Showcase Chorus.
More recent events and accomplishments can be found on their official website.
External links.
Shannon Express website

</doc>
<doc id="21575771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575771" title="Fleesensee">
Fleesensee

Fleesensee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 62 m, its surface area is 10.78 km².
The lake is both fed and drained by the Elde river. On its shore, located in a part of the municipality Göhren-Lebbin, there is a large vacation resort that was opened in 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575772" title="Macina, Mali">
Macina, Mali

Macina (also Ké Macina and Massina) is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of 1,100 square kilometers and contains the main town and 20 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 36,170. 
The town of Macina lies on the north (left) bank of the Niger River. The farmland around the town forms part of the irrigated area of the Office du Niger and is used for growing rice. Water is diverted from the Niger River upstream of the Markala dam and fed into a system of canals.

</doc>
<doc id="21575779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575779" title="TB11Cs5H1 snoRNA">
TB11Cs5H1 snoRNA

TB11Cs5H1 is a member of the H/ACA-like class of non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines of substrate RNAs. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) thus named because of its cellular localization in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell. TB11Cs5H1 is predicted to guide the pseudouridylation of SSU ribosomal RNA (rRNA) at residue Ψ1710.

</doc>
<doc id="21575782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575782" title="Kölpinsee">
Kölpinsee

Kölpinsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m, its surface area is 20.29 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575784" title="Shire levy">
Shire levy

A shire levy was a means of military recruitment in medieval England. As opposed to a levy of noble families, a shire levy was effected within a geographical administrative area (a shire), entailing the mobilisation of able-bodied men between the ages of 16 and 60 within the shire for military duty. Shire levies were especially important for England during the Hundred Years' War, when the escalation in warfare with France increased the need for soldiers: "the king was able to rely on the military support of the nobility and of the shire levies." 

</doc>
<doc id="21575789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575789" title="Orion (system-on-a-chip)">
Orion (system-on-a-chip)

Orion is a system-on-a-chip manufactured by Marvell Technology Group and used in network-attached storage. Based on the ARM architecture, it has on-chip support for Ethernet, SATA and USB, and is used in hardware made by Hewlett-Packard and D-Link among others. It is supported by the Lenny release of Debian GNU/Linux.

</doc>
<doc id="21575796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575796" title="Malchiner See">
Malchiner See

Malchiner See is a lake between the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte and Rostock (district) districts in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 0.8 m, its surface area is 13.95 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575806" title="Amy-Joyce Hastings">
Amy-Joyce Hastings

Amy-Joyce Hastings (born 24 September 1980) is an Irish actress who has worked in film, television and theatre.
Hastings' first role was in the 1990 film "Fools of Fortune". She has also featured in Season 1 of "The Tudors" alongside Henry Cavill.
She has recently appeared in a number of independent films such as Brit flick "Little Deaths" (which premiered at Film4 Frightfest and the SXSW festival in the US) and in the lead role of Kate Loughlin in Romantic Comedy "The Callback Queen" which received a US run at George R. R. Martin's Jean Cocteau Cinema in February 2014.
She is currently based in London and is represented by Beresford Management.
Childhood and Early Career.
Amy-Joyce Hastings was born in Ireland to parents Robert and Catríona Hastings. Taking a very early interest in acting she enrolled in drama classes at the Gaiety School of Acting when it opened in Dublin in the late 1980s. Here she was scouted by Bond movies casting director Debbie McWilliams and eventually cast in the role of Geraldine Quinton in "Fools of Fortune" opposite Julie Christie, Iain Glen and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio.
A couple of years later, following two final rounds of casting at London's Pinewood Studios she narrowly lost out on the role of Mary Lennox in Warner Bros' "The Secret Garden", directed by Agnieszka Holland. Continuing dance and acting classes throughout her younger years, she appeared in a variety of productions and made regular appearances on RTÉ youth interest television programs such as Jo Maxi and Pajo's Junxbox, as well as reviewing children's films for the Pat Kenny radio show.
In 1998 she was shortlisted for the title role in a film - adapted from another William Trevor novel - "Felicia's Journey", directed by Atom Egoyan. However she elected instead to train for three years at the Samuel Beckett Centre in Trinity College, Dublin – Ireland's first and only acting degree course. She graduated with a distinction in 2001, and began a full-time acting career.
Theatre career.
Hastings has many stage credits in both the UK and Ireland. Amongst these are roles as Carol in "Oleanna" by David Mamet, Estelle Rigault in "No Exit" by Jean-Paul Sartre, Cathy Calhoun in the first European production of "Orange Flower Water" by Craig Wright, and the world premiere of "The Night Garden", developed by the Royal National Theatre Studio and first performed at the Northcott Theatre in Exeter.
Her Shakespeare credits include the role of Regan in 'King Lear' and most recently Miranda in 'The Tempest' in July 2013. During March and April 2012, Hastings played the role of real life Titanic Stewardess Violet Jessop in the world premiere of the first full length stageplay about the Titanic; "Iceberg – Right Ahead!" at London's Gatehouse Theatre to commemorate the 100th Anniversary of Titanic's maiden voyage.

</doc>
<doc id="21575808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575808" title="Lake Senftenberg">
Lake Senftenberg

Lake Senftenberg () is a lake in Landkreis Oberspreewald-Lausitz, Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 99 m, its surface area is 13.00 km². It is located in the town of Senftenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21575810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575810" title="Kolongo">
Kolongo

Kolongo or Kolongo Tomo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 484 square kilometers and includes 37 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 37,648. The village lies on the Fala de Boky-Wéré, an ancient branch of the Niger River that now forms part of the irrigation system of the Office du Niger.

</doc>
<doc id="21575817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575817" title="Rosensee">
Rosensee

The Rosensee is a lake in the region of Holstein Switzerland in the state of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. 
History.
The lake began as a reservoir, built in 1908 as part of the construction of the Schwentine Hydropower Plants ("Schwentine Wasserkraftwerke") by the shipyard builder, Bernhard Howaldt, and today is a fundamental component of the landscape park of the River Schwentine. To achieve this, Howaldt had first to buy up lands along the Schwentine from the Count of Rantzau and Preetz Priory. The price of a hectare at that time was about 2,000 marks. Thanks to the hydropower stations of the Oppendorf and Rastorf Mills, now cultural monuments, the village of Raisdorf was first supplied with electricity in 1904. The hydropower plants are now operated and preserved by the Kiel Public Utility Company.

</doc>
<doc id="21575818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575818" title="National Public Order Intelligence Unit">
National Public Order Intelligence Unit

The National Public Order Intelligence Unit (NPOIU) was run by the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) a private company connected to United Kingdom police intelligence and was set up in 1999 to track green activists and public demonstrations. See Britain's Secretive Police Force for the links between NPOIU, ACPO, National Domestic Extremism Unit (NDEU), National Extremism Tactical Co-ordination Unit (NETCU) and Welsh Extremism and Counter Terrorism Unit (WECTU).
Structure.
Because the ACPO is not a public body but rather a private limited company, NPOIU is exempt from freedom of information laws and other kinds of public accountability, even though they were funded by the Home Office and deploy police officers from regional forces. 
History.
Established in March 1999, the NPOIU incorporated the Animal Rights National Index, work that had previously been the responsibility of the various Special Branches. Initially operated as part of the Metropolitan Police Special Branch. and is now part of the Specialist Operations Business Group.
Purpose.
On 10 November 2009, in a question in the House of Commons, MP Dai Davies (Blaenau Gwent, Independent), asked the then Secretary of State for the Home Department various questions about the National Public Order Intelligence Unit (NPOIU). In response, David Hanson (Minister of State (Crime and Policing), Home Office; Delyn, Labour) responded that the main purpose of the unit is to:
According to Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary the NPOIU "performs an intelligence function in relation to politically motivated disorder (not legitimate protests) on behalf of England, Wales and Scotland." by "co-ordinatthe national collection, analysis, exploitation and dissemination of intelligence on the extremist threat to public order."
"Evening Standard" investigative journalist Andrew Gilligan described it as "a secretive, Scotland Yard-based police taskforce" whose "role in controlling dissent is central".
Organisation.
The NPOIU was based in London, either at Scotland Yard, or on the 5th Floor of Tintagel House on the bank of the River Thames. The unit has a staff of 60-70 officers and police staff, seconded from other forces, and has had its budget more than doubled in four years from £2.6 million in 2005/06 to £5.7 million in 2009/10. The unit is led by an officer of the rank of Detective Superintendent, as of 2006 this was Maria Smith of the Wiltshire Constabulary.
The NPOIU formed one branch of the National Domestic Extremism Unit (NDEU), under the control of ACPO's National Coordinator for Domestic Extremism, Detective Chief Supt Adrian Tudway. The NPOIU works in conjunction with the National Extremism Tactical Co-ordination Unit (NETCU) and the National Domestic Extremism Team (NDET).
Confidential Intelligence Unit.
The Confidential Intelligence Unit was set up in 1999 through discussions held by the members of the Association of Chief Police Officers of England & Wales to observe extremist political groups throughout the UK. The section of the unit is led by an officer of the rank of Detective Chief Inspector.
Operations.
Strathclyde Police were criticised by pacifist demonstrators at the Faslane nuclear submarine base, after their details were sent to the unit. Anti-genetically modified food protesters and Muslim university students have also been the target of surveillance by the unit.
In January 2011, it was reported that Mark Kennedy of the Metropolitan Police was one of the first officers to work as an undercover infiltrator for the NPOIU, and had spent seven years within the environmental protest movement. Kennedy later confirmed in an exclusive interview with the "Mail on Sunday," arranged through his PR agent Max Clifford, that he as Simon Jenkins suspected suffered a version of "Stockholm syndrome," although he denied becoming an agent provocateur within the movement, adding that he had been incompetently handled by his superiors and denied psychological counselling.
Takeover by the Metropolitan Police Specialist Operations Business Group.
In November 2010 it was announced that the three ACPO units commanded by the National Coordinator for Domestic Extremism would be rebranded as the National Domestic Extremism Unit and brought under the control of the Metropolitan Police Business Group by mid-2011.
Following "The Guardian" articles about the activities and accusations of Mark Kennedy, and the collapse of the trial of six activists, a number of initiatives and changes were announced:

</doc>
<doc id="21575828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575828" title="Kokry">
Kokry

Kokry is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 160 square kilometers and includes 17 villages. The farmland is irrigated by the Office du Niger irrigation scheme. The main crop is rice. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 13,393. The main village, ("chef-lieu"), is called Kokry Centre to distinguish it from Kokry Bozo which lies 3 km to the east on a strip of land between the Niger River and the Distributeur Kokry, an irrigation canal. 

</doc>
<doc id="21575830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575830" title="Gudelacksee">
Gudelacksee

Gudelacksee is a German lake in Lindow, Landkreis Ostprignitz-Ruppin, Brandenburg. At an elevation of 52 m, its surface area is 4.38 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575837" title="Grapholita decolorana">
Grapholita decolorana

Grapholita decolorana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21575838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575838" title="Zootzensee">
Zootzensee

Zootzensee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte, Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of, its surface area is 1.67 km². It is located in the town of Rheinsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21575839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575839" title="Albert Hybart">
Albert Hybart

Albert Hybart JP (1865 - 28 January 1945) was a Welsh rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and international rugby for Wales.
Early life.
Hybart was born in Cardiff to Frederick and Mary in 1865. Frederick was a timber broker, originally from Bristol, but had moved to Cardiff in the mid-1870s, settling in Llandaff. When Hybart was 15 he was already working in the family business as a timber broker clerk. In 1893 Hybart married Elizabeth Joan Evans. He later became a Justice of the Peace.
Rugby career.
Hybart was first selected to play for the Welsh national team as part of the 1887 Home Nations Championship in the opening game against England. The team was captained by Newport's Charlie Newman and Hybart was one of four new caps, including Cardiff team-mates OJ Evans and Alexander Bland. The match was played at the cricket ground near Stradey Park in Llanelli after the Stradey ground was deemed unplayable. The game was a nil-nil draw, the best result Wales had achieved against England, but Hybart was not re-selected for the next international when he was replaced by fellow Cardiff player William Williams.
International games played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="21575843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575843" title="Mieu people">
Mieu people

The Mieu people (aka Na Mieu, Na Mieo) live in the mountains of northern Vietnam. They are considered by the government of Vietnam to be a subgroup of the Hmong people and therefore not one of the 54 recognized ethnicities in Vietnam. However, the Mieu reject this and see themselves as a distinct ethnicity.
Origin and 'Loss of Country'.
According to Mieu folk songs (tu siv) the Mieu people descended from immigrants from southern China. They are said to have had their own kingdom in Liuzhou, near Guilin in Guangxi. They rose up in arms to the invasion, oppression, and exploitation they faced from the Manchus and Han Chinese. When a large force was sent to destroy this resistance, the Mieu fled to Vietnam.
Language.
Like Hmong dialects, the Mieu language is also a member of Miao languages. It is officially classified as a Hmong dialect by Vietnamese linguists. However, they are neither intelligible with Hmong nor Xong, due to significant difference in vocabulary and accent. Their language might be a member of Hmu ("Qiandong Miao", "gheis Hmub - hveb Qeef dongb"), most possibly the Southern Qiandong Miao language.
The Mieu were mainly monolingual until around 1954. During this time they had little contact with other ethnic groups except for some Mieu men who went to markets. Especially since 1968, when many Mieu were resettled to foothills to practice wet rice cultivation, more of them became fluent in Tay. When the resources of the central state to reach out to mountainous areas and the ethnic minorities there increased, Vietnamese became more dominant.
The Mieu do not have any writing system. The proposed Hmong script was rejected as not suitable for Mieu language. The Chinese Qiandong Miao Latin Alphabet might be suitable to them, which is based on Northern Qiandong Miao .
Na Mieu is the sole non-Hmong Miao-speaking people outside China.
Music.
"Tu Siv", Mieu folk songs, are used to pass on knowledge of history. The most notable one is Siv Pax Quan (Loss of Country). It is sung during weddings, new year celebrations, when entering a new house, and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="21575849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575849" title="Großer Prebelowsee">
Großer Prebelowsee

Großer Prebelowsee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte, Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 55.7 m, its surface area is 2.8 km². It is located in Prebelow, an "Ortsteil" of the town of Rheinsberg.

</doc>
<doc id="21575850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575850" title="1969 U.S. Professional Indoor">
1969 U.S. Professional Indoor

The 1969 U.S. Professional Indoor was a WCT tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was played at the Wachovia Spectrum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was the second edition of the tournament and was held from February 5 through February 9, 1969. Total attendance for the five-day event was 44,538.

</doc>
<doc id="21575851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575851" title="Easy Pieces">
Easy Pieces

Easy Pieces was the second album by Lloyd Cole and the Commotions. It was released in November 1985 and included the hit singles "Brand New Friend" (#19 in UK), "Lost Weekend" (#17 in UK) and "Cut Me Down" (#38 in UK).
Track listing.
All songs were written by Lloyd Cole, except where noted.
Many versions of the album include 3 additional songs originally released as B-sides.
Produced by Lloyd Cole and the Commotions
Produced by Mark Saunders and the Commotions

</doc>
<doc id="21575856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575856" title="Großer Wummsee">
Großer Wummsee

Großer Wummsee is a lake in Landkreis Ostprignitz-Ruppin, Brandenburg, Germany. At an elevation of 61,0 m, its surface area is 1.52 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575861" title="Dichelia clarana">
Dichelia clarana

Dichelia clarana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="21575864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575864" title="Hemmelsdorfer See">
Hemmelsdorfer See

Hemmelsdorfer See is a lake in Eastern Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of -0.10 m, its surface area is 4.48 km².

</doc>
<doc id="21575873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21575873" title="Einfelder See">
Einfelder See

Einfelder See is a lake in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. At an elevation of 26.79 m, its surface area is 1.78 km². It is located in the northern suburb of Neumünster and in the Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde. The lake is located on a water water divide of the rivers Stör and Eider. Most of the water originates from groundwater and precipitation, only a small portion reaches the lake from the adjacent Dosenmoor.
On the west side of the lake, the nature reserve "Westufer Einfelder See" is located. The east side offers beach regions, sunbathing areas and lake access for sailing and rowing boats.

</doc>
