<doc id="21487008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487008" title="M.I.A. (rapper)">
M.I.A. (rapper)

Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam (born 18 July 1975) better known by her stage name M.I.A., is a British-Tamil recording artist, songwriter, painter and director. The moniker "M.I.A." is both a play on her own name and a reference to the abbreviation for Missing in Action. Her compositions combine elements of electronic, dance, alternative, hip hop and world music. Arulpragasam began her career in 2000 as a visual artist, filmmaker and designer in west London before beginning her recording career in 2002. Since rising to prominence in early 2004 for her singles "Sunshowers" and "Galang", charting in the UK and Canada and reaching number 11 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Singles Sales in the US, she has been nominated for an Academy Award, two Grammy Awards and the Mercury Prize.
She released her début album "Arular" in 2005 and second album "Kala" in 2007 both to universal critical acclaim. "Arular" charted in Norway, Belgium, Sweden, Japan and the US, where it reached number 16 on the "Billboard" Independent Albums chart and number three on the Dance/Electronic Albums chart. "Kala" was certified silver in the United Kingdom and gold in Canada and the United States, where it topped the Dance/Electronic Albums chart. It also charted in several countries across Europe, in Japan and Australia. The album's first single "Boyz" reached the Top 10 in Canada and on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Singles Sales in 2007, becoming her first Top 10 charting single. The single "Paper Planes" peaked in the Top 20 worldwide and reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Paper Planes" was certified gold in New Zealand and three times platinum in Canada and the US where, as of November 2011, it is ranked the seventh best-selling song by a British artist in the digital era. It has become XL Recordings' second best-selling single to date. M.I.A.'s third album "Maya" was released in 2010 soon after the controversial song-film short "Born Free". This became her highest-charting album in the UK and the US, reaching number nine on the "Billboard" 200, topping the Dance/Electronic Albums chart and debuting in the Top 10 in Finland, Norway, Greece and Canada. The single "XXXO" reached the Top 40 in Belgium, Spain and the UK. M.I.A. has embarked on four (soon to be five in 2013) global headlining tours and is the founder of her own multimedia label, N.E.E.T.. Her fourth studio album, "Matangi", was released in 2013.
Arulpragasam's early compositions relied heavily on the Roland MC-505 sequencer/drum machine. Her later work marked an evolution in her sound with rare instruments, electronics and unusual sound samples. Critics have acclaimed a distinctive style to her music. Lyrically incorporating a range of political, social, philosophical and cultural references that have defied existing pop music conventions, Arulpragasam was one of the first acts to come to public attention through the internet. She posted many of her songs and videos from 2002 onwards on platforms such as MySpace.
In 2001, she received an "Alternative" Turner Prize nomination for her visual art. In both 2005 and 2008, M.I.A. was artist of the year by "Spin" and "URB" and Arulpragasam is named as one of the defining artists of the 2000s decade by "Rolling Stone" in its "Best of the Decade" list in December 2009. "Esquire" magazine ranked M.I.A. on its list of the 75 most influential people of the 21st century in January 2010 and also in January 2010 "Time" magazine named her one of the world's 100 most influential people.
Life and career.
1975–2000: Early life and education.
Arulpragasam was born on 18 July 1975 in Hounslow to Arul Pragasam, an engineer, writer and activist, and his wife, Kala, a seamstress. When Maya was six months old, her family moved to Jaffna, the cultural, political, and economic capital of the predominantly Tamil northern Sri Lanka, where her brother Sugu, was born. There, her father adopted the name Arular and became a political activist and founding member of the Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students (EROS), a political Tamil group affiliated with the LTTE.
The first nearly eleven years of Arulpragasam's life were marked by displacement caused by the Sri Lankan Civil War. Her family went into hiding from the Sri Lankan army, and Arulpragasam had little contact with her father during this period. She has described her family as living in "big-time" poverty during her childhood but also recalls some of her happiest memories from growing up in Jaffna. Maya attended Tamil Hindu and Catholic convent schools such as the Holy Family Convent, Jaffna where she developed her art skills – painting in particular – to work her way up her class. During the civil war, she notes as "bullying exploitation" the way soldiers would put guns through holes in the windows and shoot at the school. Her classmates were trained to dive under the table or run next door to English-language schools that, according to her, "wouldn’t get shot." Arulpragasam lived on a road alongside much of her extended family and played inside temples and churches in the town. Due to safety concerns, Arulpragasam's mother, Kala, relocated herself and her children to Madras in Tamil Nadu, India, where they lived in a derelict house and received sporadic visits from their father, Arular, who was introduced to the children as their "uncle" in order to protect them. The family minus Arular then resettled in Jaffna temporarily, only to see the war escalate further in the northeast. During this time 9-year-old Arulpragasam's primary school was destroyed in a government raid. Kala then moved with her children back to London in 1986 a week before Arulpragasam's eleventh birthday where they were housed as refugees. Arular remained on the island and became an independent peace mediator between the two sides of the civil war in the late 1980s–2010.
Arulpragasam spent the rest of her childhood and teenage years living on the Phipps Bridge Estate in the Mitcham district of southwest London, where she learned to speak English, whilst Kala brought the children up on a modest income. Arulpragasam entered the final year of primary school in the autumn of 1986 and quickly mastered the English language. The family endured racial abuse during their stay on the estate.
While living in the United Kingdom and raising her children, her mother became a practising Christian in 1990 and worked as a commissioned seamstress for the Royal Family for much of her career. She currently works from her home in Tooting, south London.
Arulpragasam has had a difficult relationship with her father, due to his political activities in the 1980s and complete absence during much of her life. Prior to the release of the first album, which Arulpragasam had named after her father, Arular emailed her: "I am proud of you but you must change the title. Love, Dad." Maya chose not to change the album title.
Arulpragasam attended Ricards Lodge High School in Wimbledon. She received a degree in fine art, film, and video in June 2000 from London's Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design. Initially, her application to the school was rejected, but she was eventually let in and received a scholarship, being told that she "had chutzpah".
At age 16, Maya's boyfriend was a member of an East London street gang called Brick Lane Massive.
2000: Visual art and film.
While attending Central St Martins College, Arulpragasam wanted to make films and art depicting realism that would be accessible to everyone, something that she felt was missing from her classmates' ethics and the course criteria. At college, she found the fashion courses "disposable" and more current than the film texts that she studied. Maya told "Arthur magazine" "there were exploring apathy, dressing up in some pigeon outfit, or running around conceptualising... It missed the whole point of art representing society. Social reality didn’t really exist there; it just stopped at theory." She cited "radical cinema" including Harmony Korine, Dogme 95 and Spike Jonze as some of her cinematic inspirations during film school. As a student, she was approached by director John Singleton to work on a film in Los Angeles after he had read a script she had written, though she decided not to take up the offer. For her degree, M.I.A. prepared her departmental honours thesis on the film "CB4".
Arulpragasam befriended students in the college fashion, advertising and graphics departments. She met Justine Frischmann, front woman of the British band Elastica, through her friend Damon Albarn at an Air concert in 1999, and Frischmann commissioned Arulpragasama to create the cover art for the band's 2000 album, "The Menace", and video document their American tour. Arulpragasam returned to Jaffna in 2001 to film a documentary on Tamil youth, but was unable to complete the project because she encountered harassment. In 2001, Arulpragasam's first public exhibition of paintings after graduating took place at the Euphoria Shop on London's Portobello Road. It featured graffiti art and spray-paint canvasses mixing Tamil political street art with images of London life and consumerist culture. The show was nominated for an Alternative Turner Prize and a monograph book of the collection was published in 2002, titled "M.I.A.". Actor Jude Law was among early buyers of her art.
2000–07: Musical beginnings and "Arular".
Arulpragasam cites the radio broadcasts she heard emanating from her neighbours' flats in the late 1980s as some of her first exposures to her earliest musical influences. From there, she developed an interest in hip-hop and dancehall, identifying with "the starkness of the sound" in records by Public Enemy, MC Shan and Ultramagnetic MCs; and the "weird, distinct style" of acts such as Silver Bullet and London Posse. In college she developed an affinity for punk and the emerging sounds of Britpop and electroclash. M.I.A. cites The Slits, Malcolm McLaren and The Clash as major influences.
By 2001, Arulpragasam designed the cover for Elastica's last single "The Bitch Don't Work", and went on the road with the band to video document their tour. The tour's supporting act, electroclash artist Peaches, introduced Arulpragasam to the Roland MC-505 and encouraged her to make music, a medium in which Arulpragasam lacked confidence. While holidaying together in Bequia in the Caribbean, Arulpragasam began experimenting with Frischmann's MC-505. She adopted her stage name, "M.I.A.", standing for "Missing In Acton" during this time. In her 2012 book Arulpragasam writes, "M.I.A. came to be because of my missing cousin. I wanted to make a film about where he was since he was M.I.A. (MIssing in Action) in Sri Lanka. We were the same age, went to the same schools growing up. I was also living in Acton at the time. So I was living in Acton looking for my cousin missing in action." Of her time in Bequia, she told "I started going out to this chicken shed with a sound system. You buy rum through a hatch and dance in the street. They convinced me to come to church where people sing so amazingly. But I couldn’t clap along to hallelujah. I was out of rhythm. Someone said, ‘What happened to Jesus? I saw you dancing last night and you were totally fine.’ They stopped the service and taught me to clap in time. It was embarrassing". Returning to West London, where she shared an apartment with Frischmann, she began working with a simple set-up (a second-hand 4-track tape machine, the MC-505, and a radio microphone), composing and recording a six song demo tape that included "Lady Killa", "M.I.A.", and "Galang".
In 2003, the independent label Showbiz Records pressed 500 vinyl singles of "Galang", a mix of dancehall, electro, jungle, and world music, with "Seattle Weekly" praising its a cappella coda as a "lift-up-and-over moment" evoking "clear skies beyond the council flats." File sharing, college radio airplay, and the rise in popularity of "Galang" and "Sunshowers" in dance clubs and fashion shows made M.I.A. an underground sensation. M.I.A. has been heralded as one of the first artists to build a large fanbase exclusively via these channels and as someone who could be studied to reexamine the internet's impact on how listeners are exposed to new music. She began uploading her music onto her MySpace account in June 2004. Major record labels caught on to the popularity of "Galang", and M.I.A. was eventually signed to XL Recordings in mid-2004. Her debut album, to be titled "Arular", was finalized by borrowing studio time.
M.I.A.'s next single, "Sunshowers", released on 5 July 2004, and its B-side ("Fire Fire") described guerrilla warfare and asylum seeking, merging ambiguous references to violence and religious persecution with black and white forms of dissidence. These themes inspired her treatment for the music video, the first she wrote. It was filmed in the jungles of South India, which she has described as her favourite. "Galang" was re-released in 2004. In September 2004, M.I.A was first featured on the cover of the publication The FADER, in its 24th issue. The music video for "Galang" made in November of that year showed multiple M.I.A.s against a backdrop of militaristic animated graffiti, and depicted scenes of urban Britain and war that influenced her art direction for it. Both singles appeared on international publications' "Best of the Year" lists and subsequently "Best of the Decade" lists. The songs "Pull Up the People", "Bucky Done Gun" and "10 Dollar" were released as 12-inch singles and CDs by XL Recordings, which along with the non-label mashup mixtape of "Arular" tracks, "Piracy Funds Terrorism," were distributed in 2004 to positive critical acclaim.
M.I.A. made her North American live debut in February 2005 in Toronto where concertgoers already knew many of her songs. In March 2005, M.I.A.'s debut album "Arular" was released worldwide to critical acclaim after several months delay. The album title is the "nom de guerre" that M.I.A.'s father took when he joined the Tamil independence movement, and many of the songs acknowledge her and her father's experiences in Jaffna. While making "Arular" in her bedroom in west London, she built tracks off her demos, using beats she programmed on the Roland MC-505. The album experiments with bold, jarring and ambient sounds, and its lyrics address the Iraq War and daily life in London as well as M.I.A.'s past.
"Galang", "Sunshowers", "Hombre" and the funk carioca-inspired co-composition "Bucky Done Gun" were released as singles from "Arular". The release of the latter marked the first time that a funk carioca-inspired song was played on mainstream radio and music television in Brazil, its country of origin. M.I.A. worked with one of her musical influences Missy Elliott, contributing to the track "Bad Man" on her 2005 album "The Cookbook". Despite initial fears that her dyslexia might pose problems while touring, M.I.A. supported the album through a series of festival and club shows, including the Bue Festival, a free headlining show at Central Park Summerstage, the Summer Sonic Fest and the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, where she played an encore in response to crowd enthusiasm, a rare occurrence for the festival generally and the first encore following a tent performance at Coachella. She also toured with Roots Manuva and LCD Soundsystem, and ended 2005 briefly touring with Gwen Stefani and performing at the Big Day Out festival.
On 19 July 2005, M.I.A. was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize for "Arular". According to the music review aggregation Metacritic, it garnered an average score of 88 out of 100, described as "universal acclaim". They reported in 2010 that "Arular" was the seventh best reviewed album of 2005 and the ninth Best-Reviewed Electronic/Dance Album on Metacritic of the 2000 – 09 decade. "Arular" became the second most featured album in music critics’ Year-End Top 10 lists for 2005 and was named best of the year by publications such as "Blender," "Stylus" and "Musikbyrån."
2007–09: "Kala" and world recognition.
In 2006, M.I.A. recorded her second studio album "Kala", this time named after her mother. Due to censorship and visa complications in the United States, the album was recorded in a variety of locations — India, Trinidad, Liberia, Jamaica, Australia, Japan, and the UK. Eventually the album was completed in the US.
"Kala" featured live instrumentation and layers of traditional dance and folk styles such as soca and the urumee drum of gaana, rave music and bootleg soundtracks of Tamil film music, incorporating new styles into her avant-garde electronic dance music. The songs, artwork and fashion of "Kala" have been characterized as simultaneously celebratory and infused with raw, "darker, outsider" themes, such as immigration politics, personal relationships and war. In February 2007, the first track from the album to be made available to the public was "Bird Flu", which was posted with an accompanying music video to her MySpace. Later that year, M.I.A. featured in the song "Come Around", a bonus track on Timbaland's 2007 album "Shock Value" and a track on "Kala". The album's first official single "Boyz" was released in June 2007, accompanied by a music video co-directed by Jay Will and M.I.A., becoming M.I.A.'s first top ten charting song. The single "Jimmy", written about an invitation to tour genocide-affected regions in Rwanda that the singer received from a journalist while staying in Liberia, was released next. The single "Paper Planes" and the EP "Paper Planes - Homeland Security Remixes EP" were released digitally in February 2008, the single eventually selling three times platinum in the US and Canada, certified Gold in New Zealand, and becoming the 29th most downloaded song in the digital era in the US and earning a Grammy nomination for Record of the Year. "Paper Planes" is to date XL Recordings'second best selling single, and by November 2011 it had sold 3.6 million copies in the US, currently the seventh best-selling song by a British artist in the digital era. In 2007, M.I.A. also released the "How Many Votes Fix Mix EP" which included a remix of "Boyz" featuring Jay-Z.
"Paper Planes" is one of M.I.A.'s most popular songs. On this song she collaborated with Florida-based DJ Diplo. Their work on this song landed him a Grammy nomination for Record of the year and got number three in the U.S. Charts.They also worked together on her first album "Arular" 
Like its predecessor, universal acclaim met "Kala's" release in August 2007 and the album earned a normalised rating of 87 out of 100 on the review aggregator MetaCritic. "Kala" was a greater commercial success than "Arular". To support "Kala", M.I.A. performed at a series of music festivals on the Kala Tour featuring performances in Europe, America and Asia. She performed three dates opening for Björk in the US and France. In 2008, M.I.A. provided guest vocals on Buraka Som Sistema's kuduro song "Sound of Kuduro", recorded in Angola with an accompanying video. The same year, M.I.A. and director Spike Jonze filmed a documentary in Woolwich, South London, in which they both appeared with Afrikan Boy, a Nigerian immigrant rapper and she disclosed plans to launch her own record label, Zig-Zag. She ended the year with concerts in the United Kingdom. By year end, "Kala" was named the best album of 2007 by publications including "Rolling Stone" and "Blender". MetaCritic reported in 2010 that Kala was the tenth Best-Reviewed Electronic/Dance Album on Metacritic of the 2000 – 09 decade, one position below her debut album "Arular."
M.I.A. performed on the People vs. Money Tour during the first half of 2008. She cancelled the final leg of her tour in Europe through June and July after revealing her intentions to take a career break and work on other art projects, go back to college and make a film.
In 2008, M.I.A. started her independent record label N.E.E.T. Recordings. The first artist signed to the label was Baltimore rapper Rye Rye, who performed with M.I.A. at the Diesel XXX party at Pier 3 in Brooklyn in October 2008 where it was revealed that M.I.A. was pregnant with her first child. M.I.A. contributed songs for A. R. Rahman's score of the film "Slumdog Millionaire", which included the collaboration "O…Saya"; she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song and a World Soundtrack Award for Best Original Song Written Directly for a Film for the song. M.I.A. was due to perform at the Oscars ceremony two weeks after her Grammy Award performance, but could not as she had just given birth to her son. M.I.A. is the first person of Asian descent to be nominated for an Oscar and Grammy award in the same year.
2009–10: "Maya".
At the 2009 BRIT Awards in February, M.I.A. was a nominee for Best British Female Artist. Seeking to promote new, underground music with N.E.E.T., M.I.A. signed more bands including Baltimore musician Blaqstarr, indie rock band Sleigh Bells and visual artist Jaime Martinez by late 2009. 3D photographic images of M.I.A. by Martinez were commissioned in April of that year. In August 2009, M.I.A. began composing and recording her third studio album in a home studio section in her Los Angeles house. In January 2010, M.I.A. posted her video for the song "Space". While composing it, she helped write a song with Christina Aguilera called "Elastic Love" for Aguilera's album "Bionic".
By April 2010, the song and music video/short film "Born Free" were leaked online. The video-film short was directed by Romain Gavras and written by M.I.A., depicting genocide against red-haired adolescents being forced to run across a minefield and caused controversy due to its graphically violent content. Although not an official single, the song charted in Sweden and the United Kingdom. M.I.A.'s third album, "Maya" — stylised as "/\/\ /\ Y /\" — was released on 23 June 2010 in Japan with bonus tracks before its release in other countries. "Maya" became M.I.A.'s highest charting album globally. Its release in the US was delayed by two weeks. The album garnered a generally favourable, although divided, reception from critics. A more internet-inspired album illustrating how a multimedia artist worked within the music industry, elements of industrial music were incorporated into M.I.A.'s sound for the first time. She described the album in an interview with "Dazed and Confused" as a mix of "babies, death, destruction and powerlessness".
On 11 May 2010, the first official single from "Maya", "XXXO", was released and reached the top forty in Belgium, Spain and the UK. "Steppin' Up", "Teqkilla", and "Tell Me Why" were also released as promotional singles exclusively on iTunes in the days leading to the release of "Maya", with "Teqkilla" reaching the top 100 in Canada on digital downloads alone.
The video for "XXXO" was released online in August. M.I.A. hinted in an interview to "Blitz" that a music video is being made with director Spike Jonze for the single "Teqkilla." She completed her live tour dates on the Maya Tour in summer of 2011.
From 2000 until 2010, she directed the video for Elastica single "Mad Dog God Dam" and videos for her songs "Bird Flu", "Boyz", "S.U.S. (Save Ur Soul)", "Space" and "XXXO" as well as personally choosing the directors for the videos of her songs Galang, Sunshowers, which she described in 2005 and again in 2011 as being her favorite video experience and favorite video adaptation of a song of hers, in her words as of 2011, "If you watch only one of my videos, please try Sunshowers", "Jimmy," "Born Free," and "Bad Girls." (which she described as her second favorite). She directed a video for Rye Rye's "Bang". She judged in the Music Video category at the inaugural Vimeo Festival & Awards in New York in October 2010.
2011–present: "Matangi".
M.I.A. released her second mixtape, "Vicki Leekx", on 31 December 2010, and followed this with "Internet Connection: The Remixes", an EP to a bonus track from "Maya" in January 2011. M.I.A. performed on the song "C.T.F.O." on SebastiAn's album "Total". On 21 April 2011, it was reported that M.I.A. had been in the studio with Chris Brown, the Cataracs, Swizz Beatz and Polow da Don.
She co-wrote the song "Give Me All Your Luvin'" with Madonna and Nicki Minaj for the album "MDNA" and performed it at the Super Bowl XLVI Halftime Show. Controversially, instead of singing the lyric "shit" in the song, M.I.A. extended the middle finger to the camera. The N.F.L. responded by filing a lawsuit suing M.I.A. for $1.5 million in damages and demanding a public apology from M.I.A. Maya and her legal team also responded by saying that the league's claim of "wholesomeness" in the lawsuit is hypocritical since the N.F.L. itself has had multiple situations of their own players and coaches behaving badly as well as health problems within the league, particularly concussions. In September 2013 Maya released a video statement regarding the lawsuit. In her statement Arulpragasam said, "They're basically it's OK for me to promote being sexually exploited as a female, than to display empowerment, female empowerment, through being punk rock. That's what it boils down to, and I'm being sued for it."
She's also featured in "B-Day Song", another song included on MDNA.
The first buzz track of her fourth album, "Bad Girls", taken from her "Vicki Leekx" mixtape, premiered on 30 January 2012, was released globally the day after, and was followed by a music video directed by Romain Gavras on 3 February 2012. This received nominations for Video of the Year at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards and at the 55th Grammy Awards. The song become one of M.I.A.'s most successful singles, charting in the United Kingdom, Australia, France, Canada, United States, Switzerland, South Korea and Belgium. On 29 April 2012 she posted a preview of a new song to YouTube, titled "Come Walk With Me". The full version of Come Walk With Me was shared one and a half year later, on September 2013.
M.I.A. officially signed to Jay-Z's Roc Nation management in May 2012. Rihanna welcomed her to the family, tweeting, "welcome home MIA." She guested during Jay-Z's set at the Radio 1 Festival in Hackney on 23 June 2012.
In October 2012, M.I.A. released an autobiographical book titled "M.I.A." documenting "the five years of M.I.A. art that spans across three LPs: Arular, Kala, and Maya." The book contains artwork as well as a foreword by frequent collaborator Steve Loveridge and various essays by M.I.A. On 3 March 2013, she released an 8-minute mix recording as part of a Kenzo fashion show in Paris.
"Matangi", was recorded across the world with different collaborators. In relation to her previous albums, she described her fourth as "basically all of them together", akin to an anthology. The album was released on Interscope and M.I.A.'s label N.E.E.T. Recordings. Release dates of 31 January 2013 and later, 15 April 2013 were announced, but the album remained unreleased. M.I.A. later revealed that the original project for "Matangi" was not accepted by Interscope, which claimed that the record was "too positive". "Bring the Noize", produced by French producer Surkin and Switch, was announced as the second single and was released on 17 June 2013. Soon after the single was released, the official video for "Bring the Noize" premiered on 25 June via Noisey. On 9 August 2013, the album received an official release date of 5 November 2013 after M.I.A. threatened to leak the album due to the numerous delays by Interscope.
"Matangi" received generally positive reviews from music critics. In its first week of release, the album sold 15,000 copies and peaked at number 23 on the Billboard 200, falling to number 90 in its second week. Overall, "Matangi" is M.I.A.'s lowest charting album worldwide.
In 2013, M.I.A. is to headline Ultra Music Festival 2014 alongside the likes of Diplo, Avicii, David Guetta, Kaskade and MGMT.
On 31 December 2013 M.I.A. announced that she's leaving Roc Nation.
Artistry.
Music and influence.
M.I.A.'s music features styles such as electro, reggae, rhythm and blues, alternative rock, hip hop, grime, rap ballads and Asian folk and references to her musical influences such as Missy Elliott, Tamil film music, Lou Reed, Pixies, Timbaland, Beastie Boys and London Posse. She was a childhood fan of Boney M, composer A. R. Rahman and pop artists Michael Jackson and Madonna, also she has cited Björk as an inspiration and has been influenced by The Slits, Public Enemy, Malcolm McLaren and The Clash. Noting her early inspirations, she said "When I would go to bed, I’d listen to the radio and dream about dancing and Paula Abdul and Whitney Houston, and that’s how I fell asleep. When my radio was burgled, I started listening to hip hop". She has revealed her ideal karaoke song would be "Germ-Free Adolescents" by X-Ray Spex. M.I.A. describes her music as dance music or club music for the "other", and has been described as an "anti-popstar" for refusing to conform to certain recording industry expectations of solo artists. M.I.A.'s early compositions relied heavily on the Roland MC-505, while later M.I.A. experimented further with her established sound and drew from a range of genres, creating layered textures of instruments, electronics and sounds outside the traditional studio environment. Nas, Chuck D and Krist Novoselic of Nirvana have praised her work.
She has also stated she is a fan of Beyoncé Knowles, stating "she's like harder, faster, stronger. In our lifetime, she will be a classic, like how people talk about Aretha Franklin."
Jimmy Iovine, the chairman of M.I.A.'s American distribution label Interscope, compares M.I.A. to Reed and punk rock songwriter Patti Smith, and recalled, "She's gonna do what she's gonna do, I can't tell her shit." "The really left-of-center artists, you really wonder about them. Can the world catch up? Can the culture meet them in the middle? That’s what the adventure is. It doesn’t always happen, but it should and it could." Richard Russell, head of XL Recordings, states, "You've got to bend culture around to suit you, and I think M.I.A has done that" adding that M.I.A.'s composition and production skills were a major attraction for him. As a vocalist, M.I.A. is recognisable by her distinctive whooping, chanting voice, which has been described as having an "indelible, nursery-rhyme swing." She has adopted different singing styles on her songs, from aggressive raps, to semi-spoken and melodic vocals. She has said of the sometimes "unaffected" vocals and delivery of her lyrics, "It is what it is. Most people would just put it down to me being lazy. But at the same time, I don’t want perfection," saying some of the "raw and difficult" vocal styles she used reflected what was happening to her during recording.
Image and stage.
Sasha Frere-Jones, critic of "The New Yorker" praised the self made "unpretentious, stuck together with Scotch tape" style that M.I.A. achieves with her Roland MC-505 drum machine and keyboard unit, noting that many people had tried to copy the style since. Her considerable influence on American hip hop music as an international artist is described by Adam Bradley and Andrew DuBois in "The Anthology of Rap" as making her an "unlikely hip hop" celebrity, given that the genre was one of several influences behind M.I.A.'s "eccentric and energizing" music and that the musician's unclassifiable sound was one example of how hip hop was changing as it came into contact with other cultures. Similarly, Jeffrey H. Wallenfeldt writes in "The Black experience in America : from civil rights to the present" that no single artist may have personified hip hop in the 21st century better than M.I.A., in her "politically radical lyrics drawing from widely diverse sources around the world". "The Guardian" critic Hattie Collins commented of M.I.A.'s influence, "A new raver before it was old. A baile funk/pop pioneer before CSS and Bonde do Rolê emerged. A quirky female singer/rapper before the Mini Allens had worked out how to log on to MySpace. Missing In Action (or Acton, as she sometimes calls herself) has always been several miles ahead of the pack." The twisting of western modalities in her music style using multilingual, multiethnic soundscapes to make electroclash-pop albums is noted by Derek Beres in "Global beat fusion: the history of the future of music" (2005) to defy world music categorization. In the book "Downloading Music" (2007), Linda Aksomitis notes the various aspects of peer-to-peer file sharing of music in the rise in popularity of M.I.A., including the advantages and disadvantages of the internet and platforms such as MySpace in the launch of her career. Andy Bennett and Jon Stratton highlight in "Britpop and the English Music Tradition" (2010) how M.I.A. alongside musicians such as Sway and Dizzee Rascal created music that explored new soundscapes with new technologies, with lyrics expressing anger at Britain's "racialized subordination of minority groups" and that the innovation that generates new musical forms like grime and dubstep are, inevitably, politically engaged. The chart success of grime-influenced artists like M.I.A. is heralded as a signal in the way that white Britons adapted to a new multicultural and plural musical mix in contrast to bands of the Britpop genre. Furthermore, her work being used as a global resource for the articulation of differently located themes and its connections to many music traditions is noted by Brian Longhurst in "Popular music and society" (2007) to illustrate such processes of interracial dialogue. Gary Shteyngart writing in GQ notes that "M.I.A. is perhaps the preeminent global musical artist of the 2000s, a truly kick-ass singer and New York-Londony fashion icon, not to mention a vocal supporter of Sri Lanka's embattled Tamil minority, of which she's a member."
M.I.A.'s stage performances are described as "highly energetic" and multimedia showcases, often with scenes of what "Rolling Stone" critic Rob Sheffield describes as "jovial chaos, with dancers and toasters and random characters roaming the stage," bringing various crowds with interests in art, music and fashion. Camille Dodero, writing in "The Village Voice" opined that M.I.A. "works hard to manifest the chaos of her music in an actual environment, and, more than that, to actively create discomfort, energy, and anger through sensory overload." Her role as an artist in and voice lender to the subaltern is appreciated by theorists as having brought such ideas to first world view. "USA Today" included her on its list of the 100 Most Interesting People of 2007 and she was named one of "Time Out" 's 40th Birthday London Heroes in 2008. The same year, "Esquire" listed M.I.A. as one of the 75 Most Influential People of the 21st century, describing her as the first and only major artist in world music, and in 2009 she was cited in "Time" magazine's Time 100 as one of the world's most influential people for her global influence across many genres. In December 2010, "USA Today" listed M.I.A. at number 63 on its list of the "100 People of 2010". M.I.A. placed number 14 on "Rolling Stone"s Decade-End Readers' Poll of "Top Artists Of The Decade." "Rolling Stone" named her one of eight artists who defined the 2000s decade.
Themes and artwork.
M.I.A. has become known for integrating her imagery of political violence into her music videos and her cover art. Her politically inspired art became recognized while she exhibited and published several of her brightly coloured stencils and paintings portraying the tiger, a symbol of Tamil nationalism, ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka and urban Britain in the early 2000s. Lyrics on "Arular" regarding her experiences of identity politics, poverty, revolution, gender and sexual stereotypes, war, and the conditions of working class in London were hailed as new and unorthodox, setting her apart from previous artists. The album references the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Tamil independence movements and features culture jamming, multi-lingual slang, strident and subtle imagery. Her albums' social commentary and storytelling have incited debate on the "invigoratingly complex" politics of the issues she highlighted in the album, breaking taboos while the West was engaged in the 2003 Iraq War in the Middle East during the Presidency of George W. Bush. Government visits to her official website following her debut album's release in 2005, and a US refusal to grant M.I.A. a travel visa coupled with her brief presence on the US Homeland Security Risk List in 2006 due to her politically charged lyrics led to her second album "Kala" being recorded in a variety of locations around the world. The American Civil Liberties Union described the actions as part of a trend of ideological exclusion by the state which was detrimental to democracy by "censoring and manipulating debate".
On "Kala", M.I.A.'s songs explored immigration politics and her personal relationships. Many related her experiences during recording sessions in Madras, Angola, Trinidad shantytowns, Liberia and London, and were well acclaimed. The album's artwork was inspired by African art, "from dictator fashion to old stickers on the back of cars," which like her clothing range, she hoped would capture "a 3-D sense, the shapes, the prints, the sound, film, technology, politics, economics" of a certain time. "I-D magazine" described the "bleeding cacophany of graphics" on her website during this time as evoking the "noisy amateurism" of the early web, but also embodying a rejection of today's "glossy, professional site design" which was felt to "efface the medium rather than celebrate it." Jeff Chang, writing for "The Nation", described a "Kala for the Nation" and the album's music, lyrics and imagery as encompassing "everywhere – or, to be specific, everywhere but the First World's self-regarding 'here'," stating that against a media flow that suppresses the "ugliness" of reality and fixes beauty to consumption, M.I.A. forces a conversation about how the majority live, closing the distance "between 'here' and everywhere else". He felt that "Kala" explored poverty, violence and globalization through the eyes of "children left behind."
Her third album, "Maya", tackled information politics in the digital age, loaded with technological references and love songs, and deemed by Kitty Empire writing in "The Observer" to be her most melancholic and mainstream effort. Her genocide-depicting 2010 video for the single "Born Free" was deemed by Ann Powers writing in the "Los Angeles Times" to be "concentrating fully" on the physical horror of gun butts and bullets hitting flesh, with the scenes giving added poignancy to the lyrical themes of the song. Interpreted as a comment on the Arizona immigration law, America's military might and desensitised attitudes towards violence, others found that the video stressed that genocide still exists and violent repression remains commonplace. Some critics described the film as "sensationalist". Neda Ulaby of NPR described the video as intended for "shock value" in the service of nudging people into considering real issues that can be hard to talk about. M.I.A. revealed that she felt "disconnected" during the writing process, and spoke of the Internet inspiration and themes of information politics that could be found in the songs and the artwork.
M.I.A. views her work as reflective, pieced together in one piece "so you can acquire it and hear it." She states, "All that information floats around where we are – the images, the opinions, the discussions, the feelings – they all exist, and I felt someone had to do something about it because I can't live in this world where we pretend nothing really matters." On the political nature of her songs she has said, "Nobody wants to be dancing to political songs. Every bit of music out there that’s making it into the mainstream is really about nothing. I wanted to see if I could write songs about something important and make it sound like nothing. And it kind of worked." Censorship on MTV of "Sunshowers" proved controversial and was again criticised following "Kala" release "Paper Planes". YouTube's block and subsequent age gating/obscuring of the video for "Born Free" from "Maya" due to its graphic violence/political subtext was criticized by M.I.A. as hypocritical, citing the Internet channel's streaming of real-life killings. She went on to state,
"It's just fake blood and ketchup and people are more offended by that than the execution videos", referring to clips of Sri Lankan troops extrajudicially shooting unarmed, blindfolded, naked men that she had previously tweeted. Despite the block, the video remained on her website and Vimeo, and has been viewed 30 million times on the internet. Lisa Weems writes in the book "Postcolonial challenges in education" how M.I.A. pointed out in her music how immigrants, refugees and persons of the third world can and do resist through economic, political and cultural discursive practices. In light of her influence in modern culture and the historical and political significance embedded in both the instrumental music and lyrics of her songs, J. Gentry of Brown University instructs a course from summer 2012 titled "Music & Politics: From Mozart to M.I.A.", with the objective of academically exploring and examining the political messages and contexts of music and the way "music has consistently participated in and reflected the political debates of its time".
Fashion and style.
M.I.A. cites guerrilla art and fashion as major influences. Her mother works as a seamstress in London. An early interest in fashion and textiles – designing confections of "bright fluorescent fishnet fabrics" — was a hallmark of her time at Central Saint Martins College. M.I.A. was a roommate of fashion designer Luella Bartley and is a long-time friend of designer Carri Mundane. Clothes from her limited-edition "Okley Run" line — Mexican and Afrika line jackets and leggings, Islamic-inspired and water melon-print hoodies, and tour-inspired designs – were sold in 2008 during New York fashion week. She commented, "I wanted to tie all my work together. When I make an album, I make a number of artworks that go with it, and now I make some clothes that go with it too. So this Okley run was an extension of my Kala album and artwork." "Spin" described her designs as "1000 watt Malcolm McLaren-meets-Basquiat", that complimented her personal style that could "run from futurist aerobic instructor to new wave pirate to queenly candy raver".
Contrary to her present style, M.I.A.'s "Arular" era style has been described as "tattered hand me downs and patched T-shirts of indigents", embodying the "uniform of the refugee" but modified with cuts, alterations and colours to fashion a distinctly new style and apparel line. M.I.A. built on this during the "Kala" era with a "playful" combination of baggy t-shirts, leggings and short-shorts. She incorporated eccentric accessories in bold patterns, sparkle and "over-saturated" neon colour to fashion her signature style which inspired flocks of "garishly-clothed all-too-sassy" new-rave girls with bright red tights, cheetah-skin smock and faded 1980s T- shirts. Her commodifying and performance of this refugee image has been noted to "reposition" perceptions of it in the wider public. Hailed as presenting a challenge to the mainstream with her ironic style, M.I.A. has been praised for dictating such a subcultural trend worldwide, combining "adolescent" frustrations of race and class with a strong desire to dance. Eddy Lawrence of "Time Out" commented how her multi genre style contributed to her being beloved of the broadsheet fashionistas yet simultaneously patron saint and pin-up for the Day-Glo nu-rave kids. Similarly, Mary Beth Ray, in the book "Rock Brands: Selling Sound in a Media Saturated Culture" writes that M.I.A.'s hybrid style addressed a number of social and political issues including power, violence, identity and survival in a globalized world, while using avenues that challenged "traditional" definitions of what it meant to be a contemporary pop artist.
M.I.A. was once denied entry into a Marc Jacobs party, but subsequently DJed at the designer's 2008 fashion show afterparty, and modelled for "Marc by Marc Jacobs" in Spring/Summer 2008. M.I.A.'s fashion and style landed her on "Vogue's" 10 Best Dressed of 2008. She turned down her inclusion on "People" magazine's list of the "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" the same year. M.I.A.'s status as a style icon, trendsetter and trailblazer is globally affirmed, with her distinct identity, style, and music illuminating social issues of gender, the third world, and popular music. Critics point out that such facets of her public persona underline the importance of authenticity, challenging the globalized popular music market, and demonstrating music's strive to be political. Her albums have been met with acclaim, often heralded as "eclectic" for possessing a genre all their own, "packaging inherent politics in the form of pleasurable dance music." M.I.A.'s artistic efforts to connect this "extreme eclecticism" with issues of exile, war, violence and terrorism are both commended and criticized. Commentators laud M.I.A.'s use and subversion of her refugee and migrant experiences, through the weaving of musical creativity, artwork and fashion with her personal life as having dispelled stereotypical notions of the immigrant experience. This gives her a unique place in popular music, while demanding new responses within popular music, media and fashion culture. M.I.A. has been the muse of designers Donatella Versace and Bartley and photographers Rankin and David Bailey, whose spread documents the British musicians who defined the sound and style of rock 'n' roll. On 1 July 2012 Maya attended the Atelier Versace Show in Paris, wearing clothing inspired from the designer's 1992 collection. In 2013 she released her own Versace Collection.
Accolades.
Her albums have generated widespread acclaim. PopMatters writer Rob Wheaton felt M.I.A. subverted the "abstract, organized, refined" distilling of violence in Western popular music and imagination and made her work represent much of the developing world's decades-long experiences of "arbitrary, unannounced, and spectacular" slaughter, deeming her work an "assault" with realism. Some detractors criticized M.I.A. early in her music career for "using radical chic" and for her attendance of an art school. Critic Simon Reynolds, writing in "The Village Voice" in 2005 saw this as a lack of authenticity and felt M.I.A. was "a veritable vortex of discourse, around most likely irresolvable questions concerning authenticity, postcolonialism, and dilettantism". He continued that while swayed by her chutzpah and ability to deliver live, he "was also turned off by the stencil-sprayed projection imagery of grenades, tanks, and so forth (redolent of the Clash with their strife-torn Belfast stage backdrops and Sandinista cred by association)" while the "99 percent white audience punched the air", admonishing what he perceived as a "lack of local character" to her debut album. Critic Robert Christgau described Reynolds' argument as "cheap tack" in another article written in the publication, stating M.I.A's experiences connected her to world poverty in a way "few Western whites can grasp". He questioned why M.I.A.'s 2001 Alternative Turner Prize nominated images of pastel-washed tigers, soldiers, guns, armored vehicles, and fleeing civilians that bedeck M.I.A.'s albums and videos were now assumed or analyzed as being incendiary propaganda, suggesting that unlike art buyers, rock and roll fans were "assumed to be stupid". Reynolds later argued that M.I.A. was the "Artist of the Decade" in a 2009 issue of "The Guardian". Music culture writer Michael Meyer opined that M.I.A.'s record imagery, lyrical booklets, homepages and videos supported the "image of provocation yet also avoidance of, or inability to use consistent images and messages." Instead of catering to stereotypes, he felt that M.I.A. "played with them" creating an uncategorizable and hence unsettling result. Critic Zach Baron felt that it had been shown in her career that M.I.A. had "always been adept at using a larger force against itself." M.I.A. has been hailed as demonstrating dislocation to be a "productive site of departure" and praised for her ability to transform such a "disadvantage" into a creative form of expression.
Social causes.
Activism.
M.I.A.'s addressing of several conflicts and people she feels are oppressed, including the Tamils, Palestinians and African Americans has been both heralded and criticised. The United States has restricted her access into and out of the country during her career since the release of her debut album. M.I.A. notes that the voicelessness she felt as a child dictated her role as a refugee advocate and voice lender to civilians in war during her career.
M.I.A. attributes much of her success to the "homeless, rootlessness" of her early life. A refugee icon, the EMP Museum's 2008 Pop Conference featured paper submissions and discussions on M.I.A. presented on the theme of "Shake, Rattle: Music, Conflict, and Change." She has used networking sites such as Twitter and MySpace to discuss and highlight the human rights abuses and war crimes that Sri Lanka is accused of perpetrating against Tamils, citing news articles, human rights group reports, government reports, her own experiences as a child and on her return to the island in 2001 to support calls for a ceasefire. M.I.A. has spoken of discussions with witnesses during and after the war as reinforcing the need for international intervention to protect and provide justice to Tamil people. As the 2009 Tamil diaspora protests gathered pace, she joined other activists in condemning the actions of the Sri Lankan government against the Tamil populace as a slow "systematic" genocide. Telling "TIME" that she didn't see anything wrong in sticking up for 300,000 trapped and dying people, M.I.A. stated that international governments were privy to Sri Lanka's use of widespread censorship and propaganda on the rebellion during the island's civil war to aid its impunity in numerous atrocities on civilians, but had no will to end it. Sri Lanka's Foreign Secretary denied that his country perpetrated genocide, responding that he felt M.I.A. was "misinformed" and that "it's best she stays with what she's good at, which is music, not politics." Consequently, she has been accused of being a "terrorist sympathiser" and "LTTE supporter" by the Sri Lankan government. Two weeks before his death, the Tigers' Political Head B. Nadesan told Indian magazine "The Week" he felt that M.I.A.'s humanitarianism had been a source of strength to Eelam Tamils and fearless, knowingly amidst the "all-powerful Sri Lankan propaganda machinery that demonises any one who speaks for the Tamils." Miranda Sawyer of "The Observer" highlighted that M.I.A. was emotional and that this could be limiting her, stating that while she was well informed, "you're not meant to get involved when giving information out about war", and that the difficulty for M.I.A. was that the world "doesn't really care."
M.I.A. endorsed candidate Jan Jananayagam at the 2009 European Parliament election, a last-minute candidate standing on a platform of anti-genocide, civil liberties, financial transparency, the environment and women's rights, who became one of the most successful independent election candidates ever despite her loss in the general election.
Hate mail, including death threats directed at M.I.A. and her son, has followed her activism, which she also cited as an influence on the songs on her album "Maya".
In 2010, she condemned the Chinese Government's role in supporting and supplying arms to the Sri Lankan government during the conflict in an interview with music magazine "Mondomix", stating that China's influence within the UN was preventing prosecutions of war crimes committed during the conflict.
The same year, M.I.A. voiced her fears of the influence of video game violence on her son and his generation, saying, "I don't know which is worse. The fact that I saw it in my life has maybe given me lots of issues, but there's a whole generation of American kids seeing violence on their computer screens and then getting shipped off to Afghanistan. They feel like they know the violence when they don't. Not having a proper understanding of violence, especially what it's like on the receiving end of it, just makes you interpret it wrong and makes inflicting violence easier."
In October 2009, she stated that the President of the United States Barack Obama should give back his 2009 Nobel Peace Prize "like John Lennon sent back his MBE." She said in one interview, playing on the famous Lennon phrase "Give Peace a Chance" - "I'm a bit beyond being an artist who says, 'Give peace a chance.' Part of me is like, 'Give war a chance,' just to stir it up, you know what I mean?".
In 2008, M.I.A. filmed from her Bed Stuy apartment window and posted on YouTube an incident involving a black man being apprehended by white policemen, which in light of the Sean Bell shooting incident, elicited commentary debating the force used for the arrest. She has spoken of the combined effects that news corporations and search engine Google have on news and data collection, while stressing the need for alternative news sources that she felt her son's generation would need in order to ascertain truth. She told "Nylon" magazine that social networking site Facebook and Google's development "by the CIA" was harmful to internet freedom. Some criticized the claim as lacking detail.
Following the 2011 United Kingdom anti-austerity protests and the 2011 London riots, during which her cousin's jewellery shop in Croydon was attacked and looted, M.I.A. criticised the UK Government's response to the rioters as failing to address the root causes of them. She recalled the importance of a council funded youth worker she had in her school years, the use of tax money to incentivise a new business job creation program amongst the working class and imprisonment conditions which encouraged consumerism. She stated that the top forty companies in Britain who banked offshore should be made to pay taxes in the UK and "cut the poor people some slack."
M.I.A. has been a supporter of WikiLeaks and Julian Assange. In her own book, M.I.A. wrote regarding Wikileaks, "So obviously I love Wikileaks because, after I’d gone through the whole backlash, they were the first news information site to confirm any news on the Sri Lankan war in the truest form; they were the first to release information stating the truth about what had happened to the Tamils as I knew it and to reveal that the United Nations was aware that the Sri Lankan government was lying—war crimes had been committed but their hands were tied because any time anyone tried to impose sanctions, governments would walk out. I support Wikileaks because of that." She composed the theme to Assange's television show The World Tomorrow and later stood by Assange's side as he held a press conference at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where Assange was successfully granted political asylum by Ecuador in August 2012. "I ask President Obama to do the right thing. The United States must renounce its witch hunt against WikiLeaks," Assange said at the press conference. She posted a photo of Assange from within the embassy, and later tweeted, "hummmm after this day 2things have 2 happen..., either 500 cops turn up outside every rape case reported even if its without charge. or we get raped by the powerz that be and we deal 4eva." The tweets were in reference to an arrest warrant the Swedish Prosecutor's Office issued in August 2010 for Assange on two charges: rape and molestation. Earlier in 2012 Britain's Supreme Court denied an appeal by Assange to avoid extradition to Sweden to face these charges. In November 2013, Assange appeared via Skype to open M.I.A.'s New York City concert.
Ann Powers, in conversation with "Billboard" revealed that in trying to handle political issues and creating art, the musician did not want to compromise or keep silent. She notes that this method worked for The Clash, but that this was at a certain time and a certain place, that they benefitted from being a band, and that audiences were more used to seeing men being confrontational. Conversely, Denise Sullivan writing in "Keep on Pushing: Black Power Music from Blues to Hip-Hop" (2011), noted that in contrast to other rock musicians, M.I.A. furthered the legacy of The Clash, "creating a controversy while doing so". Critic Jon Dolan of "Spin" noted M.I.A. may be a "confused revolutionary? brilliant provocateur?" and one of the most polarising yet thrilling figures in pop music today. Sarahanna, writing in "Impose magazine" cited composer Igor Stravinsky in describing M.I.A.'s role as an artist who challenged the audience into breaking their mind from a conservative cycle of familiarity. Baron writing in the "Village Voice" felt that although M.I.A.'s bloodline, politics and grievance meant that she was more informed than most and gave her "every right to be a partisan and were reason for caution," he praised her efforts for leading thousands of American writers including himself to know of the situation in Sri Lanka as "brilliant", noting her mainly humanitarian angle in her protesting of civilian casualties that had been vastly and disproportionately inflicted on Sri Lanka's Tamil minority and her courage in "putting her success and fame on the line to use every opportunity and avenue possible to remind Americans and people around the globe of this conflict" is pretty much the most admirable thing going in pop music.
On 20 November 2013 M.I.A. appeared on "The Colbert Report" and was asked by the host what she thought of America. Maya ultimately responded with, "Well you know, in my mind, there's no countries, you know it's like; we're all one, we all live on this planet." 
On 2 December 2013 "Time" asked M.I.A. who she would pick for its "Person of the Year" and she said her pick would be N.S.A. whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Media.
M.I.A.'s relationship with some media outlets has been controversial. M.I.A. confronted Pitchforkmedia in 2007, citing sexism and racist mechanisms as possible reasons for misattribution of some of her work in her career. In 2010, M.I.A. tweeted "Fuck the New York Times," after "The New York Times" published a critical article by Lynn Hirschberg about M.I.A. and the conflict that portrayed the musician as politically naive and hypocritical. Both M.I.A. and several pop culture media outlets were highly critical of Hirschberg's article and reporting. Hirschberg later published a correction, apologizing for reporting quotes made by the artist out of order. Rob Horning, writing for PopMatters, believed that Hirschberg's incorrect quotes were a deliberate effort to defame the artist. M.I.A. responded on her Twitter account, posting of a telephone number and asking followers to call in and give feedback on the piece, and the revelatory content of the conversations, which she secretly taped. In 2010, she expressed disappointment that Wikileaks distributed their documents to other news publications – including the "New York Times" — to gain wider coverage, as she stated their "way of reporting" did not work.
Philanthropy.
M.I.A. supports a number of charities, both publicly and privately. She funded Youth Action International to help youth break out of cycles of violence and poverty in war torn African communities and set up school-building projects in Liberia in 2006. She supports the Unstoppable Foundation, cofunding the establishment of the Becky Primary School in Liberia. During her visit to Liberia she met the then President of Liberia and rehabilitated ex-child soldiers. She also appeared as part of a humanitarian mission there, hosting a "4Real" TV-series documentary on the post-war situation in the country with activist Kimmie Weeks. Following her performance at the 2008 MTV Movie Awards afterparty, she donated her $100,000 performance fee to building more schools in the country, telling the crowd, "It costs $52,000 to build a school for 1,000." Winning the 2008 Official Soundclash Championships (iPod Battle) with her "M.I.A. and Friends" team, 20% of the following year's championship ticket sales were donated to her Liberian school building projects.
M.I.A. has also donated to The Pablove Foundation to fund paediatric cancer research, aid cancer families, and improve the quality of life for children living with cancer through creative arts programmes. In 2009, she supported the "Mercy Mission to Vanni" aid ship, destined to send civilian aid from Britain to Vanni and controversially blocked from reaching its destination. The country's navy announced that it would fire on any ship that entered its waters, and M.I.A. was singled out on the Sri Lankan army's official website after the singer announced her support for the campaign. In 2011, following her performance at the Roskilde Festival, she donated $250,000 from the Roskilde Festival Charity Society to help bring justice to Tamil victims of war crimes and genocide and to aid advocacy and ensure legal rights for refugees and witnesses.
Personal life.
After approaching American DJ and link Diplo at the Fabric Club in London, the two became romantically involved for five years. From 2006 to 2008, M.I.A. lived in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, where she met Benjamin Zachary Bronfman (aka Benjamin Brewer), an environmentalist, founder of Green Owl, musician and member of the Bronfman family. They became engaged and she gave birth to their son, Ikhyd Edgar Arular Bronfman, on 13 February 2009, just three days after performing at the Grammy Awards. In February 2012, it was announced that she and Bronfman had split.
In a 2013 interview with Ferrari Sheppard, M.I.A. commented on her relationship with Bronfman and the Bronfman family's wealth: "I think it’s weird. It’s not that I got with Ben and then suddenly I was a billionaire. You know? I got with Ben, and I realized that we do come from different worlds, but it’s interesting that it is more about the concepts of, again, elitism and power. Who Ben is on paper sounds way more powerful than who I am because of where he comes from."
Awards and nominations.
List of awards and nominations received by M.I.A.

</doc>
<doc id="21487019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487019" title="Clam Bay, Nova Scotia">
Clam Bay, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487028" title="Muskwa Formation">
Muskwa Formation

The Muskwa Formation is a stratigraphical unit of Frasnian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
It takes the name from Muskwa River, and was first described in the Western National Gas Fort Nelson a-95-J/94-J-10 well by F.F. Gray and J.R. Kassube, in 1963.
Lithology.
The Muskwa Formation is composed of bituminous shale. Pyrite is a common accessory mineral.
Gas production.
Gas is produced from the Muskwa Formation shales in the Horn River Basin in the Greater Sierra oil filed in north-eastern British Columbia. Horizontal drilling and fracturing techniques are used to extract the gas from the low permeability shales (see "Shale gas").
Distribution.
The Muskwa Formation occurs in northern Alberta, north-eastern British Columbia and in the southern part of the Northwest Territories, and typically has a thickness of .
Relationship to other units.
The Muskwa Formation is a sub-unit of the Horn River Formation; it is conformably overlain by the Fort Simpson Formation and conformably underlain by the Otter Park Member.

</doc>
<doc id="21487039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487039" title="College Lake, Nova Scotia">
College Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487040" title="Uranyl carbonate">
Uranyl carbonate

Uranyl carbonate, UO2(CO3), is a carbonate of uranium that forms the backbone of several uranyl mineral species such as andersonite, mckelveyite-(Y) and wyartite and most importantly rutherfordine. It is also found in both the mineral and organic fractions of coal and its fly ash and is the main component of uranium in mine tailing seepage water.
Uranium like other actinides readily forms a dioxide uranyl core (UO2). In the environment, this uranyl core readily complexes with carbonate to form charged complexes. Although uranium forms insoluble solids or adsorbs to mineral surfaces at alkaline pH it is these soluble carbonate complexes that increase its solubility, availability, and mobility with low affinities to soil. Uranium(VI) generally forms a pH-dependent suite of uranyl carbonate and various hydrated complexes in ground water solutions.
A common method for concentrating uranium from a solution uses solutions of uranyl carbonates, which are passed through a resin bed where the complex ions are transferred to the resin by ion exchange with a negative ion like chloride. After build-up of the uranium complex on the resin, the uranium is eluted with a salt solution and the uranium is precipitated in another process.
The uranyl carbonate minerals.
Uranyl carbonate complexes form a large class of mineral species. Several have been described in literature. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="21487043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487043" title="1994 Kidnappings of Westerners in India">
1994 Kidnappings of Westerners in India

The 1994 Kidnappings of Westerners in India was the abduction of four foreign tourists in New Delhi, India on October 20, 1994 by Kashmiri separatists.
Background.
A violent insurgency had been going on in Jammu and Kashmir since 1989. Some kidnappings of foreign tourists had been attempted by Kashmiri separatists, most notably the attempt to kidnap 7 Israelis in 1991. However, up until this point the separatists had not kidnapped anybody outside of the disputed state.
Three of those kidnapped, Paul Benjamin Ridout, Christopher Myles Croston and Rhys Partridge (Australian citizen of British heritage), were from Great Britain and a fourth, Béla Nuss, was an American from San Francisco, California.
Kidnappings.
The tourists were all befriended by young British Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh who was a member of Harkat-ul-Ansar and pretending to be an Indian by the name of Rohit Sharma. He told them that his uncle had died and left a village for him. He then invited them to visit the village with him. The three Britons were taken to a village near Saharanpur and kept captive there by his associates. Béla Nuss was the last to be kidnapped and was kept in Ghaziabad just outside Delhi. The kidnappers demanded that the Indian government free 10 militants imprisoned in Kashmir and threatened to behead their captives if the demand was not met.
Rescue.
Béla Nuss was freed on October 31 when the police, while investigating a robbery, stumbled on the house where he was being kept captive. After information given to the police by Nuss about other hostages being held, police staked out the house, captured one of the drivers, and interrogation of two terrorists later arrested at the site led them to the village of Saharanpur, where the Britons were being held captive. Omar Sheikh was also captured and wounded when he had returned to the Ghaziabad house to talk to Nuss after being informed that he had stopped eating four days before. Two policemen and a miltant were killed in a pre-dawn shoot-out at the second location on November 1. All the tourists were freed unhurt.
Aftermath.
Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh was incarcerated in Tihar Jail and stayed in prison till December 1999 when he was released in exchange for the passengers aboard hijacked Indian Airlines Flight 814. He subsequently went on to murder Daniel Pearl. He was sentenced to death on July 14, 2002 in Pakistan. Three Pakistani militants belonging to Harkat-ul-Ansar were awarded death sentences and 3 others were given life sentences by a Delhi court in April 2002 for their roles in this kidnapping. 
The kidnapping was the subject of a 2008 episode of the TV series, "Kidnapped Abroad".

</doc>
<doc id="21487047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487047" title="Manhattan Tower (film)">
Manhattan Tower (film)

Manhattan Tower is a 1932 film directed by Frank R. Strayer starring Mary Brian and James Hall. Manhattan Tower is currently available via the Internet Archive.
Plot summary.
"Manhattan Tower" is about a couple by the names of Mary Harper (Mary Brian) and Jimmy Duncan (James Hall). Both work at the Empire State Building: he as an engineer, she's a secretary. They would like to marry and buy a house that they saw advertised in a window in the building lobby, but they need more money. Mary asks her womanizing boss for advice, and he persuades her to give him all her savings to invest. Unbeknownst to her, the boss has speculated in the commodity market, and lost not only his money and that of his wealthy wife, but also some of the firm's funds too. His wife would like to quietly divorce him to marry her politician friend, but the husband asks her for money to avoid a scandal. When Mary changes her mind and asks for the restitution of her savings, her boss refuses and mistreats her. That causes a confrontation between Jimmy and Mary's boss, and they fight. Meanwhile, also the politician and an honest accountant of the firm, who discovered his superior's misdeeds but kept silent fearing to lose his job, decide to confront Mary's boss. During the fight, he takes a gun from a drawer, and menaces them all. He trips and falls through a window to his death. The witnesses decide to declare it was a suicide and go on with their lives.
There are other intertwining stories of people who work at the Empire State Building, and a bank run started by a casual comment by the politician's secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="21487058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487058" title="Conrod Settlement, Nova Scotia">
Conrod Settlement, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487059" title="Marsh Cirque">
Marsh Cirque

Marsh Cirque () is a cirque in the southern part of Mount Hercules, Olympus Range, Antarctica. The cirque is wide and in part occupied by a glacier. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 2004 after geologist Bruce D. Marsh, of the Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland. Marsh investigated basement sill at McMurdo Dry Valleys sites in seven field seasons, 1995–2005, for the United States Antarctic Program.

</doc>
<doc id="21487063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487063" title="Varangians">
Varangians

The Varangians or Varyags (; Greek: Βάραγγοι, Βαριάγοι, "Varangoi", "Variagoi") was the name given by Greeks and East Slavs to Vikings, who between the 9th and 11th centuries ruled the medieval state of Rus' and formed the Byzantine Varangian Guard. According to the 12th century Kievan "Primary Chronicle", a group of Varangians known as the Rus' settled in Novgorod in 862 under the leadership of Rurik. Before Rurik, the Rus' might have ruled an earlier hypothetical polity. Rurik's relative Oleg conquered Kiev in 882 and established the state of Kievan Rus', which was later ruled by Rurik's descendants.
Engaging in trade, piracy, and mercenary activities, Varangians roamed the river systems and portages of Gardariki, as the areas north of the Black Sea were known in the Norse sagas. They controlled the Volga trade route ("Route from the Varangians to the Arabs"), connecting the Baltic to the Caspian Sea, and the Dnieper trade route ("Route from the Varangians to the Greeks") leading to the Black Sea and Constantinople. Those were the critically important trade links at that time, connecting Dark Age Europe with wealthy and developed Arab Caliphates and the Byzantine Empire; Most of the silver coinage in the West came from the East via those routes. Attracted by the riches of Constantinople, the Varangian Rus' initiated a number of Rus'-Byzantine Wars, some of which resulted in advantageous trade treaties. At least from the early 10th century many Varangians served as mercenaries in the Byzantine Army, comprising the elite Varangian Guard (the personal bodyguards of Byzantine Emperors). Eventually most of them, both in Byzantium and in Eastern Europe, were converted from paganism to Orthodox Christianity, culminating in the Christianization of Kievan Rus' in 988. Coinciding with the general decline of the Viking Age, the influx of Scandinavians to Rus' stopped, and Varangians were gradually assimilated by East Slavs by the late 11th century.
Etymology.
Greek Βάραγγος, "Várangos", and Old East Slavic "varęgŭ" are derived from Old Norse "væringi", originally a compound of "vár" “pledge, faith” and "gengi" “companion”, thus meaning “sworn companion, confederate” or “a foreigner who has taken service with a new lord by a treaty of fealty to him, or protégé”. Some scholars seem to assume a derivation from "vár" with the common suffix "-ing-". Yet, this suffix is inflected differently in Old Norse, and furthermore, the word is attested with "-gangia-" in other Germanic languages in the Early Middle Ages, like in Old English "wærgenga", Old Frankish "wargengus" and Langobardic "waregang". The reduction of the second part of the word could be parallel to that seen in Old Norse "foringi" “leader”, correspondent to Old English "foregenga" and Gothic "fauragangja" “steward”.
Kievan Rus'.
Having settled Aldeigja (Ladoga) in the 750s, Scandinavian colonists played an important role in the early ethnogenesis of the Rus' people and in the formation of the Rus' Khaganate. The Varangians (Varyags, in Old East Slavic) are first mentioned by the Primary Chronicle as having exacted tribute from the Slavic and Finnic tribes in 859. The Vikings were rapidly expanding in Northern Europe: England began to pay Danegeld in 859, and the Curonians of Grobin faced an invasion by the Swedes at about the same date. Due largely to geographic considerations, it is often argued that most of the Varangians who traveled and settled in the eastern Baltic, Russia, and lands to the south came from the area of modern Sweden .
In the 9th century, the Rus' operated the Volga trade route, which connected Northern Russia (Gardariki) with the Middle East (Serkland). The Volga route declined by the end of the century, and the trade route from the Varangians to the Greeks rapidly overtook it in popularity. Apart from Ladoga and Novgorod, Gnezdovo and Gotland were major centres for Varangian trade.
According to the Primary Chronicle, in 862, the Finnic and Slavic tribes in the area of Novgorod rebelled against their Varangian rulers, driving them overseas back to Scandinavia, but they soon started to conflict with each other. The disorder prompted the tribes to invite the Varangians back "to come and rule them" and bring peace to the region. Led by Rurik and his brothers Truvor and Sineus, the invited Varangians (called Rus') settled around the town of Holmgård (Novgorod). The Primary Chronicle twice names Rus' among the other Varangian peoples, including Swedes, Normans, Angles, and Gutes ("Normans" was an Old Russian term for Norwegians, while Angles may be interpreted as Danes). In some places the chronicle mentions Slavs and Rus' as different groups, while in other instances it mixes them.
Under the leadership of Rurik's relative Oleg, the Varangian Rus' expanded southwards by capturing Kiev from the Khazars, founding the medieval state of Rus'. Attracted by the riches of Constantinople and the Arab world, Varangians initiated a number of Rus'-Byzantine Wars, some of which resulted in advantageous trade treaties. Meanwhile, descendants of Rurik expanded the Russian state and unified the local tribes. Contact with the Byzantine Empire increased, culminating in the Christianization of Kievan Rus' in 988, during the reign of Vladimir the Great.
As with the Norse influence in Normandy and the British Isles, Varangian culture did not survive in the East. Instead, the Varangian ruling classes of the two powerful city-states of Novgorod and Kiev were gradually slavicised by the end of the 11th century. However, the successor descendants of Rurik were the ruling dynasty of medieval Kievan Rus', the successor principalities of Galicia-Volhynia (after 1199), Chernigov, Vladimir-Suzdal, the Grand Duchy of Moscow, and the founders of the Tsardom of Russia. The name of the Varangian Rus' became that of the land of Ruthenia and later modern Russia, and the ethnonym of its two populations: Rusyny (Ukrainians) and Ruskiy (Russians).
Most historians tend to agree with the Primary Chronicle that the Varangians organized the native settlements into the political entity of Kievan Rus' in the 880s and gave their name to the land. However, many Russian scholars are opposed to this theory of Germanic influence and have suggested alternative scenarios for this part of Eastern European history. Russian historiography includes a number of Anti-Normanist theories, antagonistic to the Normanist theory of a Scandinavian origin of Varangians. For example, according to Yu. Shilov, Varangians (" Vargi") were supposed to be a tribe of Baltic Slavs without roots to Norse Vikings. While this dispute continues, the event of Rurik's arrival in 862 to Northern Russia on the request of its peoples, known as the "Invitation of the Varangians" (), continues to be regarded as the traditional starting point of Russian history.
Islamic world.
The Rus' initially appeared in Serkland in the 9th century, traveling as merchants along the Volga trade route, selling furs, honey, and slaves. Hoards of 9th century Baghdad-minted silver coins have been found in Sweden, particularly in Gotland. The first small-scale raids took place in the late 9th and early 10th centuries. The Rus' undertook the first large-scale expedition in 913; having arrived on 500 ships, they pillaged Gorgan, in the territory of present day Iran, and the adjacent areas, taking slaves and goods. On their return, the northern raiders were attacked and defeated by Khazar Muslims in the Volga Delta, and those who escaped were killed by the local tribes on the middle Volga.
During their next expedition in 943, the Rus' captured Barda, the capital of Arran, in the modern-day Republic of Azerbaijan. The Rus' stayed there for several months, killing many inhabitants of the city and amassing substantial plunder. It was only an outbreak of dysentery among the Rus' that forced them to depart with their spoils. Sviatoslav, prince of Kiev, commanded the next attack, which destroyed the Khazar state in 965. Sviatoslav's campaign established Rus' control over the north-south trade routes, helping to alter the demographics of the region. Raids continued through the time period with the last Scandinavian attempt to reestablish the route to the Caspian Sea led by Ingvar the Far-Travelled in 1041.
Byzantine Empire.
The earliest Byzantine record of the Rus' may have been written prior to 842. It is preserved in the Greek "Life of St. George of Amastris", which speaks of a raid that had extended into Paphlagonia. Contemporary Byzantine presence of the Rus' is mentioned in the Frankish Annals of St. Bertin. These relate that a delegation from the court of the Byzantine emperor visited Frankish Emperor Louis the Pious at his court in Ingelheim in 839. In this delegation were two men who called themselves Rhos ("Rhos vocari dicebant"). Louis enquired about their origins and learnt that they were Swedes. Fearing that they were spies for their brothers, the Danes, he incarcerated them.
In 860, the Rus' under Askold and Dir launched their first attack on Constantinople from Kiev. The result of this attack is disputed, but the Varangians continued their efforts as they regularly sailed on their monoxyla down the Dnieper into the Black Sea. The Rus' raids into the Caspian Sea were recorded by Arab authors in the 870s and in 910, 912, 913, 943, and later. Although the Rus' had predominantly peaceful trading relations with the Byzantines, the rulers of Kiev launched the relatively successful naval expedition of 907 and the abortive campaign of 941 against Constantinople, as well as the large-scale invasion of the Balkans by Sviatoslav I in 968–971. These raids were successful in forcing the Byzantines to re-arrange their trading arrangements; militarily, the Varangians were usually defeated by the superior Byzantine forces, especially in the sea due to Byzantine use of Greek fire.
Varangian Guard.
The Varangian Guard (Greek: Τάγμα των Βαράγγων, "Tágma tōn Varángōn") were a part of Byzantine Army and personal bodyguards of the Byzantine Emperors from the 9th to the 14th centuries. Initially the guard was composed of Varangians who came from Kievan Rus'.
The guard was first formed under Emperor Basil II after 988, following the Christianization of Kievan Rus' and union with Vladimir I of Kiev, who sent 6,000 men to Basil as a part of military assistance agreement. Basil's distrust of the native Byzantine guardsmen, whose loyalties often shifted with fatal consequences, as well as the proven loyalty of the Varangians, many of whom served in Byzantium even before, led the Emperor to employ them as his personal guard. Over the years, new recruits from Sweden, Denmark, and Norway kept a predominantly Scandinavian cast to the organization until the late 11th century. So many Scandinavians left to enlist in the guard that a medieval Swedish law from Västergötland stated that no one could inherit while staying in "Greece" — the then Scandinavian term for the Byzantine Empire. In the eleventh century, there were also two other European courts that recruited Scandinavians: Kievan Rus', c. 980–1060, and London, 1018–1066 (the Þingalið).
Composed primarily of Scandinavians for the first hundred years, the guard increasingly included Anglo-Saxons after the successful Norman Conquest of England. By the time of Emperor Alexios Komnenos in the late 11th century, the Varangian Guard was largely recruited from Anglo-Saxons and "others who had suffered at the hands of the Vikings and their cousins the Normans". The Anglo-Saxons and other Germanic peoples shared with the Vikings a tradition of faithful, oath-bound service (to death if necessary), and after the Norman Conquest of England there were many fighting men who had lost their lands and former masters looking for a living elsewhere.
The Varangian Guard not only provided security for Byzantine Emperors but participated in many wars involving Byzantium and often played a crucial role, since it was usually employed at critical moments of battle. By the late 13th century Varangians were mostly ethnically assimilated by Byzantines, though the guard operated until at least the mid-14th century, and in 1400 there were still some people identifying themselves as "Varangians" in Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="21487066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487066" title="Zagora (album)">
Zagora (album)

Zagora is the third studio album by British R&B band Loose Ends, released in 1986 by MCA Records. The album spawned the hits "Slow Down", "Stay a Little While, Child" and two others, all of which were hits on the U.S. R&B charts, with "Slow Down" reaching number one on the chart.
Between the years 1991-2009 the album sold an additional 303,000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen Soundscan 5 years after its initial release, the album remains uncertified with overall sales unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="21487075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487075" title="Marshall Cirque">
Marshall Cirque

Marshall Cirque () is an ice-filled cirque, wide, located 1 nautical mile southwest of Kienle Cirque on the west side of White Island, in the Ross Archipelago, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (1999) after Dianne L. Marshall of the Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks, who investigated the volcanic activity and seismicity of nearby Mount Erebus in 1981–82 and 1982–83.

</doc>
<doc id="21487084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487084" title="Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine">
Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine

Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (SDUTCM; ) is a university based in Jinan City, Shandong Province, China.
Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine （SDUTCM）was founded in 1958, listed as one of the key state construction TCM higher-learning institutes in 1978, and approved as one of the key Shandong provincial universities in 1981. It is currently the only university in the field of medical science in Shandong Province, and has been evaluated excellent by the State Ministry of Education.
With a scenic learning environment and superior teaching facilities, SDUTCM stretches over two campuses. The eastern campus is located at the foot of Qianfo (Thousand-budda) Mountain and the western campus in the college town of Changqing District, Jinan City. The two campuses cover a total area of 122 hectares, with a building area of 545,000 square meters. The library has a collection of 1,080,000 paper books and 470,000 electronic books. It has 13 colleges, e.g. College of Basic Medical Sciences, College of Chinese Materia Medica, College of Acupuncture, Moxibustion and Tuina, College of Nursing, College of International Education, 3 directly-affiliated hospitals, 9 indirectly-affiliated hospitals, 25 teaching hospitals and over 50 clinical teaching bases.
SDUTCM offers well-rounded educational programs at various academic levels. It has 22 undergraduate programs involving medicine, sciences, humanities, engineering and management. Meanwhile, it offers doctoral degrees of 15 specialties in 3 top disciplines, i.e. traditional Chinese medicine, traditional Chinese materia medica and combination of TCM and western medicine, It also offers master’s degrees of 44 specialties in 8 top disciplines, which involve all the second-rate disciplines of traditional Chinese medicine, traditional Chinese materia medica and combination of TCM and western medicine.
SDUTCM has a highly-competitive teaching faculty. Amongst over 3,300 staff members. there are 78 doctorate supervisors, and 311 master supervisors. It has an enrollment of over 18,600 students, including over 15,700 undergraduates and over 2,600 postgraduates.
SDUTCM has been focusing on strengthening its discipline construction, with a batch of dominant and featured disciplines being formed. It now owns 3 state key disciplines, i.e. basic theories of TCM, history & literature of TCM, and traditional Chinese internal medicine, 1 Health Ministry technology admittance specialty, 12 State TCM Administration key disciplines, 3 State TCM Administration key specialties, 5 State TCM Administration key construction specialties, 8 Shandong provincial “Taishan Fellowship” disciplines, 1 Shandong provincial research base of humanities and social sciences, and 23 Shandong provincial key disciplines, specialties and laboratories. Its comprehensive scientific research capacity has leaped into the front ranks of TCM universities in mainland China.
SDUTCM attaches great importance to international academic exchange and cooperation. It has built long-term cooperative relationships with over 10 universities and medical organizations in Asia, Europe, America, Africa, Australia, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macao etc., collaborating with them in TCM education, medical care and scientific research. Its International Education College is responsible for enrollment and administration of overseas students in the undergraduate, master and doctoral programs and various short-term training courses, which are instructed in English, Japanese and Korean. It now has about 400 long-term overseas students and receives over 200 short-term students yearly.the Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Enrollment Information of Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Undergraduate
Traditional Chinese Medicine, Combined Chinese & Western Clinical Medicine, Acupuncture & Tuina, TCM Nursing, etc.
(5 years) TCM Pharmacology, Rehabilitation Therapy, Pharmacology, Pharmaceutical Engineering, Applied Psychology, etc.
1. Senior high school diploma or above
2. A good command of Chinese in listening, speaking, reading and writing
Master's degree
TCM Internal Medicine, Acupuncture & Tuina, TCM Gynecology, TCM Oseto-traumatology, TCM Surgery, TCM Pediatrics, Basic Theories of TCM, TCM Diagnostics, TCM Formulas& Prescriptions, TCM Pharmacology, etc.(3 years)
1. Bachelor’s degree, or with the same level or above
2. Admission examination of SDUTCM
Doctoral degree
TCM Internal Medicine, Acupuncture & Tuina, TCM Gynecology, TCM Diagnostics, Basic Theories of TCM, TCM Pharmacology, TCM Formulas & Prescriptions, etc.（3 years）
1. Master’s degree or above
2. Admission examination of our university
Short-term Basic Training Courses
Clinical practice & theoretical lectures in Acupuncture, Tuina, TCM General, Taiji Quan, anatomy, etc.
Flexible from one week to two years
Licensed physicians of Chinese or Western medicine; acupuncturists; senior students or graduates of medical schools; those interested in Chinese medicine
Short-term Advanced Training Courses
Clinical Practice and Topic Lectures of Clinical Experiences by Famous senior Experts Specialized in Acupuncture & Tuina.
Two sessions a year, two weeks a session, May 10th to 23rd, October 10th to 23rd
Clinical Training for the National Licensed Doctor Qualification Examination
Clinical Practice 1 year
Those qualified for the requirements of the National Licensed Doctor Qualification Examination
SDUTCM offers scholarships to overseas students with excellent academic performances. One is Shandong Province Government Scholarships for Foreign Students; another is Education Ministry Scholarships for Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and overseas Chinese students.
(1) Shandong Province Government Scholarships for Foreign Students
Foreign Students are eligible to apply for this kind of Scholarships. There are two categories of the scholarships. One is Full Scholarships of RMB30, 000 each academic year, which will be granted to the newly enrolled students, including both long-term degree pursuing students and over one-year short-term advanced study taking students. Another is Excellent Student Scholarships of RMB5, 000 per student, which will be granted to those who have studied on campus and had a good academic performance.
(2) Education Ministry Scholarships for Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and overseas Chinese students.
Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao and overseas Chinese students of all academic levels are eligible to apply for these Scholarships. 
http://guoji.web.sdutcm.edu.cn/en/2012-05-23-107.aspx 
上一篇： Welcome to Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medici... 下一篇： Foreign English Teacher Position Available

</doc>
<doc id="21487121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487121" title="Debaies Cove, Nova Scotia">
Debaies Cove, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487136" title="Kevin Koetters">
Kevin Koetters

Kevin Koetters (born September 11, 1968 in Quincy, Illinois) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent most of his career in the U.S. indoor leagues as well as one with the Kansas City Wiz in Major League Soccer, one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL.
Koetters attended Rockhurst University where he was a 1989 second team NAIA All American. In 1990, he played for the Colorado Foxes in the American Professional Soccer League. In 1991, he signed with the Kansas City Attack in the National Professional Soccer League. He remained with the Attack through the 1998-1999 season. During these years, Koetters would play for the Attack during the winter, then spend time with other teams during the summer season. In 1993, he played for the San Diego Sockers of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wiz selected Koetters in the 12th round (116th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He saw time in 15 games before being released at the end of the season. In 1997, he played for the Rochester Rhinos in the USISL. He then played one game for the Detroit Rockers during the 1999-2000 NPSL season. In 2000, he signed with the St. Louis Steamers in the World Indoor Soccer League. He also played the 2001 season with them. He played for the Kansas City Comets of the Major Indoor Soccer League from 2001 to 2002.
In 2005, he became the head coach of Gardner Edgerton High School.

</doc>
<doc id="21487137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487137" title="Smog Watch">
Smog Watch

Smog Watch is a voluntary governmental protocol, also known as the Anti-Idling Sign, to prevent the Seattle, Washington, region from exceeding the federal health standards in relation to ozone and to protect all-round public health during the hot months of summer, in which smog levels are highest. At certain times during the summer, agency meteorologists will issue a smog watch for 48 hours when there are elevated smog levels. During this 48-hour period, citizens of the Seattle district are encouraged to lower smog levels by taking steps to decrease pollution, including by: driving less, refueling when it is cool, refraining from using lawn mowers, partaking in pollution-free recreation, turning off car engines while idling, and volunteering for environmental sustainability programs.

</doc>
<doc id="21487138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487138" title="Rurik dynasty">
Rurik dynasty

The Rurik dynasty or Rurikids (, , ) was a dynasty founded by the Varangian prince Rurik, who established himself in Novgorod around the year 862 AD. The Rurikids were the ruling dynasty of Kievan Rus' (after 862), the successor principalities of Galicia-Volhynia (after 1199), Chernigov, Vladimir-Suzdal, and the Grand Duchy of Moscow, and the founders of the Tsardom of Russia. They are one of Europe's oldest royal houses, with numerous existing cadet branches.
Origins.
The Rurikid dynasty was founded in 862 by Rurik, a Varangian prince. Folk history tells of the Finnic and Slavic tribes in the area calling on "'the Varangians Scandinavians, to the Rus' … The Chud, the Slovenes, the Krivichi and the Ves said "Our land is vast and abundant, but there is no order in it. Come and reign as princes and have authority over us!"' Three brothers came with 'their kin' and 'all the Rus' in response to this invitation. Rurik set up rule in Novgorod, giving more provincial towns to his brothers. There is some ambiguity even in the Primary Chronicle about the specifics of the story, "hence their paradoxical statement 'the people of Novgorod are of Varangian stock, for formerly they were Slovenes.'" However, archaeological evidence such as "Frankish swords, a sword chape and a tortoiseshell brooch" in the area suggest that there was, in fact, a Scandinavian population during the tenth century at the latest. The "Rurikid Dynasty DNA Project" of FamilyTreeDNA commercial genetic genealogy company reports that Y-DNA testing of the descendants of Rurikids suggests their non-Slavic origin.
History of the dynasty.
Rurik and his brothers founded a state that later historians called "Kievan Rus"'. By the middle of the twelfth century, Kievan Rus' had dissolved into independent principalities, each ruled by different branches of the Rurik dynasty. The dynasty followed agnatic seniority and the "izgoi" principle. The Rurik dynasty underwent a major schism after the death of Yaroslav the Wise in 1054, dividing into three branches on the basis of descent from three successive ruling Grand Princes: Izyaslav (1024-1078), Svyatoslav (1027-1076), and Vsevolod (1030-1093). In addition, a line of Polotsk princes assimilated themselves with the princes of Lithuania. In the 10th century the Council of Liubech made some amendments to a succession rule and divided Ruthenia into several autonomous principalities that had equal rights to obtain the Kiev throne. 
Vsevolod's line eventually became better known as the Monomakhovychi and was the predominant one. The line of Svyatoslav later became known as Olegovychi and often laid claim to the lands of Chernihiv and Severia. The Izyaslavychi who ruled Turov and Volhynia were eventually replaced by a Monomakhovychi branch. 
"The Rurikid dynasty… attempted to impose on their highly diverse polity the integrative concept of russkaia zemlia ("the Rus' land") and the unifying notion of a "Rus' people." But "Kievan Rus' was never really a unified polity. It was a loosely bound, ill-defined, and heterogeneous conglomeration of lands and cities inhabited by tribes and populous groups whose loyalties were primarily territorial." This caused the Rurik dynasty to effectively dissolve into several sub-dynasties ruling smaller states in the 10th and 11th centuries. These were the "Olgoviches" of Severia who ruled in Chernigov, "Yuryeviches" who controlled Vladimir-Suzdal, and "Romanoviches" in Galicia-Volhynia.
Descendants of Sviatoslav II of Kiev.
The Olgoviches descended from Oleg I of Chernigov, a son of Sviatoslav II of Kiev and grandson of Yaroslav the Wise. They continued to rule until early 14th century when they were torn apart by the emerging Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Grand Duchy of Moscow. The line continued through Oleg's son Vsevolod II of Kiev, grandson Sviatoslav III of Kiev, great-grandson Vsevolod IV of Kiev and great-great grandson Michael of Chernigov, from whose sons the extant lines of the Olegoviches are descended, including the Massalsky, Gorchakov, Baryatinsky, Volkonsky and Obolensky, including Repnin.
Descendants of Vsevolod I of Kiev.
Vsevolod I of Kiev was the father of Vladimir II Monomakh, giving rise to the name Monomakh for his progeny. Two of Vladimir II's sons were Mstislav I of Kiev and Yuri Dolgorukiy.
The Romanoviches was the line of Roman the Great, descended from Mstislav I of Kiev through his son Iziaslav II of Kiev and his grandson Mstislav II of Kiev, father of Roman the Great. The older Monomakhovychi line that ruled Principality of Volhynia, they were eventually crowned kings of Galicia and Volhynia and ruled until 1323. Romanovychi displaced the older line of Izyaslavychi from Turov and Volhynia as well as Rostyslavychi from Galicia. The last were two brothers of Romanovychi, Andrew and Lev II, who ruled jointly and were slain trying to repel Mongol incursions. The Polish king, Władysław I the Elbow-high, in his letter to the Pope wrote with regret: "The two last Ruthenian kings, that had been firm shields for Poland from the Tatars, left this world and after their death Poland is directly under Tatar threat." Losing their leadership role, Rurikids, however, continued to play a vital role in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the later Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Most notably, the Ostrogski family held the title of Grand Hetman of Lithuania and strove to preserve the Ruthenian language and Eastern Orthodoxy in this part of Europe. It is thought that the Drutsk and related princely families may also descend from Roman the Great.
The Rostislaviches was the line of Rostislav I of Kiev, another son of Mstislav I of Kiev, who was Prince of Smolensk and a progenitor of the lines descending from the princes of Smolensk and Yaroslavl.
The Yuryeviches were founded by Yuriy Dolgorukiy, the founder of Moscow and spread vastly in the north-east. Yuri's son Vsevolod the Big Nest was Prince of Vladimir-Suzdal, a precursor state to the Grand Principality of Moscow and thus of the Russian Empire. Vsevolod's son Konstantin of Rostov was Prince of Rostov and the progenitor of various "Rostov" princely lines. Another son, Ivan Vsevolodich, was Prince of Starodub and progenitor of a number of extant lines, most notably the Gagarin line.
Vsevolod's son Yaroslav II of Vladimir was the father of Alexander Nevsky, whose son Daniel of Moscow sired the ruling house of Moscow until the end of the 16th century.
Beginning with the reign of Ivan the Terrible, the Muscovite branch used the title "Tsar of All Russia" and ruled over the Tsardom of Russia. The death in 1598 of Tsar Feodor I ended the rule of the Rurik dynasty. The dynasty was briefly revived in the person of Vasili IV of Russia, a descendant of Shuyskiy line of the Rurik dynasty, but he died without issue. The unstable period known as the Time of Troubles succeeded Feodor's death and lasted until 1613. 
In that year, Mikhail I ascended the throne, founding the Romanov dynasty that would rule until 1762 and as Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov until the revolutions of 1917. Tsar Mikhail's first wife Maria Dolgorukova was of Rurikid stock but their marriage produced no children. Emperor Peter III in 1762 brought fresh Rurikid blood to the Romanovs: he and his wife Catherine the Great both descended from the Rurik dynasty. (Catherine the Great descended from a daughter of Yaroslav I (978-1054) through her maternal grandfather, Christian August of Holstein-Gottorp.)
Historian Vasily Tatishchev and filmmaker Jacques Tati also descended from Rurik.
Trade.
In the early days of the Rurikid dynasty, the Kievan Rus' mainly traded with other tribes in Eastern Europe and Scandinavia. "There was little need for complex social structures to carry out these exchanges in the forests north of the steppes. So long as the entrepreneurs operated in small numbers and kept to the north, they did not catch the attention of observers or writers." The Rus' also had strong trading ties to Byzantium, particularly in the early 900's, as treaties in 911 and 944 indicate. These treaties deal with the treatment of runaway Byzantine slaves and limitations on the amounts of certain commodities such as silk that could be bought from Byzantium. The Rus' used logs floated down the Dnieper River by Slavic tribes for the transport of goods, particularly slaves to Byzantium.
Skirmish with Byzantium.
One of the largest military accomplishments of the Rurikid dynasty was the attack on Byzantium in 960. Pilgrims of the Rus' had been making the journey from Kiev to Constantinople for many years, and Constantine Porphyrogenitus, the Emperor of the Byzantine Empire, believed that this gave them significant information about the arduous parts of the journey and where travelers were most at risk, as would be pertinent for an invasion. This route took travelers through domain of the Pechenegs, journeying mostly by river. In June 941, the Rus' staged a naval ambush on Byzantine forces, making up for their smaller numbers with small, maneuverable boats. Interestingly, these boats were ill-equipped for the transportation of large quantities of treasure, suggesting that looting was not the goal. The raid was led, according to the Primary Chronicle, by a king called Igor. Three years later, the treaty of 944 stated that all ships approaching Byzantium must be preceded by a letter from the Rurikid prince stating the number of ships and assuring their peaceful intent. This not only indicates fear of another surprise attack, but an increased Kievan presence in the Black Sea.
Legacy.
Russian and Ukrainian historians have debated for many years about the legacy of the Rurikid dynasty. The Russian view, "resting largely on religious-ecclesiastical and historical-ideological claims and on political-juridical theories formulated in Moscow between the 1330's and the late 1850's," and views the Principality of Moscow as the sole heir to the Kievan Rus' civilization. The Ukrainian nationalist view came into being somewhat later "between the 1840's and the end of the 1930's," and views the Ukrainian descendants of the Rurikid dynasty as its only true successors. The Soviet theory "allotted equal rights to the Kievan inheritance to the Three Slavic peoples, that is the Russians, the Ukrainians, and the Belorussians."
Genetic studies of Rurikids.
According to the FamilyTreeDNA Rurikid Dynasty DNA Project, Rurik appears to have belonged to Y-DNA haplogroup N1c1, based on testing of his modern male line descendants. But while genetically related to the later Baltic Finnic peoples, the Rurikids do not possess the DYS390=24 mutation associated with the Finnic languages, theirs remaining the ancestral DYS390=23, with the Rurikid haplotype itself (all values considered) more closely associated with speakers (Varangians).
Further genetic studies seem to indicate the existence of two major haplogroups among modern Rurikids: the descendants of Vladimir II Monomakh (Monomakhoviches) and some others are of N1c1 group (130 people or 68%), while the descendants of a junior prince from the branch of Oleg I of Chernigov (Olgoviches) and some others (total 45 peoples or 24%) are of R1a and R1b haplogroups typical for Slavic, Germanic and Celtic peoples.
Yuryevichi (Yuri the Long-Arm).
The following image shows the descent of the leading, or historically most powerful branch of the Rurikids, the descendants of Vladimir II Monomakh through his sixth son Yuri Dolgorukiy:

</doc>
<doc id="21487147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487147" title="Love Us or Hate Us">
Love Us or Hate Us

Love Us or Hate Us is the fourth album released by rap group, Dirty. It was released on September 30, 2003 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Dirty, Mike Jackson and R. Kelly. The album peaked at #160 on the Billboard 200 and #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's first album to be distributed by Rap-a-Lot Records.

</doc>
<doc id="21487154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487154" title="Point of delivery (networking)">
Point of delivery (networking)

A point of delivery, or POD, is "a module of network, compute, storage, and application components that work together to deliver networking services. The POD is a repeatable pattern, and its components maximize the modularity, scalability, and manageability of data centers." 
The concept of a design pattern is nothing new in computer or network architecture. In particular, the modular design principle has long been applied to telephone and data networks, for instance through a repeatable node design describing the configuration of equipment housed in point of presence facilities. The term is similarly used in cable video networks, to describe the modular component that delivers video service to a subscriber. The distinction of a POD versus other design patterns is that it is a deployable module which delivers a service.
The POD design pattern is especially important in service provider infrastructure, for instance in datacenters supporting cloud computing services, in order to sustain scalability as usage grows.

</doc>
<doc id="21487190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487190" title="Decker Glacier">
Decker Glacier

Decker Glacier () is a steep, narrow glacier that drains the northeast slopes of Mount Newall in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Chief Aviation Machinist's Mate William D. Decker, U.S. Navy, of Squadron VXE-6, who died at McMurdo Station on October 11, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="21487194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487194" title="Michael Cranmer">
Michael Cranmer

Michael Robert Craig Cranmer (born 16 March 1989) is a South Australian cricketer. He was educated at St Peter's College, Adelaide where he excelled at cricket and was a regular member of the school's First XI. He is a right-handed batsman and bowls right arm medium-fast. He is currently playing A grade cricket for East Torrens. In 2008 he was called up for the under 19 Australian national squad to compete in the Under 19's World Cup where he was a valuable asset to the team. He has since been called up to the South Australian Redbacks squad for his first Sheffield Shield game on 13 February 2009 against the Queensland Bulls.

</doc>
<doc id="21487207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487207" title="Mount Newall">
Mount Newall

Mount Newall () is a peak, 1,920 m, the northeast extremity of Asgard Range, in Victoria Land. Discovered by the Discovery expedition (1901–04) and named for one of the men who helped raise funds to send a relief ship for the expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="21487212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487212" title="Gail O'Neill">
Gail O'Neill

Gail O'Neill (c. 1963) is a former fashion model, who has become a television journalist. As a fashion model, she was considered one of the elite African American models in the world. She has been on covers of leading fashion magazines and a part of the highly publicized "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue. As a journalist has had experience as a correspondent at a variety of national networks in the United States. She was an original correspondent for "The Early Show" on CBS and has also worked for CNN and HGTV. As of 2009, she continues to model actively.
Modeling.
After graduating from Wesleyan University, she began an international modeling career that included appearances on the covers of "Vogue" and "Mademoiselle" as well as catalogue work for companies such as J. Crew and Nordstrom. She was a spokesperson for Liz Claiborne. She was an A-list fashion model in the 1980s when she frequently appeared on fashion magazines. As a model she was known for refusing to appear in advertisements for cigarettes or for corporate sponsors that did not divest of South African investments. She appeared in the 1992 "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue. In the 1990s she was an activist for the homeless as part of the Black Girls Coalition with about twenty of the world's elite Black supermodels.
Journalism.
A native of Westchester County, New York, O'Neill worked for Xerox after graduation as a marketing rep. O'Neill's journalism career has included freelance work for numerous television networks. She has worked as a features correspondent for CBS's "The Early Show". O'Neill was an original correspondent for "The Early Show", which debuted in 1999, where she presented "Box Office Plus", a regular Monday feature. She had a reputation for being more skeptical and less of a cheerleader for the movie industry than her movie news correspondent peers on other networks. Subsequently, she performed as a host of CNN's weekly "Travel Now" series. She also served CNN as a correspondent covering other events. From 2004 to 2006, she hosted HGTV's "Mission Organization" where she matched professional organizers with those in need of organization in the form of remodeling and reorganizing.
The White House has a tradition of inviting volunteers to assist with the holiday decorations. In 2005, they invited 50 volunteers. O'Neill hosted "The White House Christmas 2005" for HGTV and she spoke with United States First Lady Laura Bush about the decorations and themes.
In 2008, she was mentioned in retrospectives lamenting the state of the fashion world for black models in magazines like "Ebony" and "Italian Vogue". The July 2008 Vogue Italia carried the headline "A Black Issue" and was dedicated to issues related to a lack of diversity in the fashion modeling industry, especially print ads, runway shows, and fashion editorials. O'Neill was photographed by Steven Meisel in the first photo spread of that issue. O'Neill continues to model actively, and she modeled for the 2009 Spring/Summer Calvin Klein ckOne fragrance campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="21487219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487219" title="Russian Steam Navigation and Trading Company">
Russian Steam Navigation and Trading Company

The Russian Steam Navigation and Trading Company ( or ROPiT , also referred as Russian S.N.Co.) of Odessa was one of the biggest joint stock steamship companies in Imperial Russia. It was established in 1856 and ceased to exist in 1918 due to nationalization after the revolution in Russia.
In 1858 the company obtained a twenty-four year contract for usage of the port of Villafranca Marittima, on the Mediterranean with the Kingdom of Sardinia.
From 1863 to 1914 all Russian post offices in the Ottoman Empire were run by the ROPiT.
In 1901 it had a fleet of 72 steamships. Company stock was listed on Saint-Petersburg Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="21487222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487222" title="Newall Glacier">
Newall Glacier

Newall Glacier is a glacier in the east part of the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, flowing east between Mount Newall and Mount Weyant into the Wilson Piedmont Glacier. Mapped by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58, who named it after nearby Mount Newall.

</doc>
<doc id="21487246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487246" title="1926 Akron Indians season">
1926 Akron Indians season

The 1926 Akron Indians season was their seventh and final season in the league and only season as the Indians. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–2–2, winning only one game. They tied for sixteenth in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="21487247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487247" title="Jawbreaker discography">
Jawbreaker discography

The discography of Jawbreaker, an American punk rock band active from 1986 to 1996, consists of four studio albums, one live album, one compilation album, two extended plays (EPs) and eight singles. The group has also contributed multiple songs to various compilations over the years, both during their time together as a band and posthumously.
Lead vocalist and guitarist Blake Schwarzenbach, bassist Chris Bauermeister, and drummer Adam Pfahler formed Jawbreaker while students at New York University, later relocating to Los Angeles where they released their debut album "Unfun" (1990) through independent record label Shredder Records. Relocating again to San Francisco the following year, they released 1992's "Bivouac" through the Tupelo Recording Company and The Communion Label. Jawbreaker toured with Nirvana in 1993 and released "24 Hour Revenge Therapy" in 1994, attracting the attention of major labels. They signed with DGC Records and released 1995's "Dear You", but the album's polished production resulted in a significant backlash from the band's core audience. Internal tensions led to Jawbreaker's dissolution in 1996.
Compilation appearances.
Non-album studio tracks released prior to the bands breakup would later appear on "Etc." in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="21487253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487253" title="Charity Bowl">
Charity Bowl

The Charity Bowl was a one-time postseason college football bowl game held on December 25, 1937 in Los Angeles, California. The game featured Fresno State and Central Arkansas. Fresno State won, 27–26.

</doc>
<doc id="21487258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487258" title="Matthew T. Abruzzo">
Matthew T. Abruzzo

Matthew T. Abruzzo (April 30, 1889 – May 28, 1971) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Abruzzo received an Bachelor of Laws from Brooklyn Law School in 1910, and was in private practice in Brooklyn from then until 1936. He was nominated to the court by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on February 3, 1936, to a new seat created by 49 Stat. 659. The United States Senate confirmed the appointment on February 12, 1936, and Abruzzo received his commission on February 15, 1936. He assumed senior status on February 15, 1966 and served in that capacity until his death, in Potomac, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="21487267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487267" title="Lake Brownworth">
Lake Brownworth

Lake Brownworth is a meltwater lake immediately west of Wright Lower Glacier at the east end of Wright Valley, Victoria Land. The lake was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and air photos obtained in 1956–60. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Frederick S. Brownworth Jr., USGS topographic engineer who worked several seasons in Antarctica. In 1970–71 he supervised aerial photography of the dry valleys of Victoria Land, including this lake.

</doc>
<doc id="21487310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487310" title="Beretta Sniper">
Beretta Sniper

Beretta 501 Sniper is an Italian-made bolt-action sniper rifle. Introduced in 1985, it was intended for military and police use. Production has now been discontinued. The Italian army replaced it with the Accuracy International Arctic Warfare Magnum rifles. 
The 501 fires 7.62mm NATO rounds, weighs 5.56 kg, is 1165mm in length, has a 586mm barrel and uses a 5 round detachable box magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="21487311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487311" title="Wright Peak, Antarctica">
Wright Peak, Antarctica

Wright Peak () is a small rock Peak () located south of Sutley Peak in the Jones Mountains. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61 which named it for Herbert E. Wright, Jr., a glacial geologist from the University of Minnesota and an advisor to the party and visited Antarctica in the 1961-62 season.

</doc>
<doc id="21487321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487321" title="Weifang University">
Weifang University

Weifang University (WFU; ) is a university based in Weifang City, Shandong Province, China. 
History.
It was established in 1951 as Changwei Normal School,turned into Weifang University in 2000

</doc>
<doc id="21487338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487338" title="Marcus Wilson Acheson">
Marcus Wilson Acheson

Marcus Wilson Acheson (June 7, 1828 – June 21, 1906) was a United States federal judge.
Biography.
Acheson was born in Washington, Pennsylvania. He received a Bachelor of Arts from Washington College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1845. He read law, and was thereafter in private practice of law in Pittsburgh from 1852 to 1880.
District Court service.
Acheson was nominated by President Rutherford B. Hayes on January 6, 1880, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania vacated by Winthrop Ketcham. He was confirmed by the Senate on January 14, 1880, and received his commission that day. Service terminated on February 9, 1891, due to appointment to another judicial position.
Circuit Court and Court of Appeals service.
Acheson nominated by President Benjamin Harrison on January 23, 1891, to a seat on the United States circuit court for the Third Circuit, vacated by William McKennan. He was confirmed by the Senate on February 3, 1891, and received his commission that day. He was concurrently appointed to the newly created United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit by operation of law on June 16, 1891. Service terminated on June 21, 1906, due to death.
Death.
He died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="21487347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487347" title="Harold A. Ackerman">
Harold A. Ackerman

Harold Arnold Ackerman (February 15, 1928 – December 2, 2009) was a United States District Judge.
Ackerman was born in Newark, New Jersey and received a Bachelor of Laws from Rutgers University School of Law in 1951. He engaged in the private practice of law in New Jersey from 1951 to 1954. From 1955 to 1979, he was a judge on various New Jersey courts - on the Compensation Court of the State of New Jersey (1955–1965); the Union County District Court (to 1970); the Union County Court until (to 1973); the Superior Court, Law Division (to 1975); and the Superior Court, Chancery Division, General Equity (to 1979).
On September 28, 1979, Ackerman was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, vacated by George Herbert Barlow. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 31, 1979, and received his commission on November 2, 1979. He assumed senior status on February 15, 1994, serving in that capacity until his death on December 2, 2009, in West Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="21487350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487350" title="Sutley Peak">
Sutley Peak

Sutley Peak () is a rock peak in Antarctica located just north of Wright Peak and east-northeast of Miller Crag in the Jones Mountains. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Commander Robert M. Sutley of the U.S. Navy, an Executive Officer of Mobile Construction Battalion One on U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="21487353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487353" title="James Waldo Ackerman">
James Waldo Ackerman

James Waldo Ackerman ( – ) was a United States District Judge in Illinois.
Born in Jacksonville, Florida, Ackerman received a Bachelor of Science from Marquette University in 1947 and a Juris Doctorate from Marquette University Law School in 1949. He served in the United States Navy, from 1944 to 1946 and again from 1952 to 1954. In the interim, he was in private practice of law in Sangamon County, Illinois. He was an Assistant state's attorney, Sangamon County, Illinois from 1954 to 1956, and then a State's attorney in that county until 1960, when he returned to private practice. While in private practice, he was counsel to the municipal corporation of Springfield, Illinois from 1961 to 1962, assistant state treasurer for Illinois from 1963 to 1964, and a deputy state attorney general from 1968 to 1971. He was a judge on the Illinois Circuit Court from 1971 to 1976.
On June 18, 1976, President Gerald Ford nominated Ackerman to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois vacated by Harlington Wood, Jr. Confirmed by the United States Senate on July 2, 1976, Ackerman received his commission that day. On March 31, 1979, he was reassigned by operation of law to the newly created United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois, formed from a re-drawing of the Illinois districts. He served as chief judge of that court from 1982 to 1984. His service terminated upon his death, November 23, 1984, in Springfield, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="21487362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487362" title="Raymond L. Acosta">
Raymond L. Acosta

Raymond L. Acosta (born May 31, 1925) is a Senior United States District Judge, but no longer hears cases.
Born in New York City, New York, Acosta received a Juris Doctorate from Rutgers University School of Law-Newark in 1951. He was in private practice of law in Hackensack, New Jersey, from 1953–54, and was then a special agent at the F.B.I. field office in San Diego, California, Washington, DC, and Miami, Florida, from 1954-58. He was an Assistant U.S. attorney in San Juan, Puerto Rico, from 1958-61. He was in private practice in San Juan from 1962-80 before being named U.S. Attorney for the District of Puerto Rico from 1980-82.
On September 9, 1982, President Ronald Reagan nominated Acosta to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico vacated by Jose Victor Toledo. Acosta was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 29, 1982, and received his commission the following day. He assumed senior status on June 1, 1994. He stopped hearing cases on February 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="21487369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487369" title="Miller Crag">
Miller Crag

Miller Crag () is a bold and conspicuous outcropping of bare rock high, standing west-southwest of Sutley Peak in the western extremity of the Jones Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61, who named it for Thomas P. Miller, a geologist with the party.

</doc>
<doc id="21487383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487383" title="Elmer Bragg Adams">
Elmer Bragg Adams

Elmer Bragg Adams (October 27, 1842 – October 24, 1916) was a United States federal judge.
Born in Pomfret, Vermont, Adams received a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University in 1865 and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1868. He was a teacher for the American Union Commission who organized schools for white children in Georgia from 1865 to 1866, and then engaged in the private practice of law in St. Louis. Missouri, from 1866 to 1879. He was a state court judge on the St. Louis Circuit Court from 1879 to 1884, thereafter returning to private practice in St. Louis until 1895.
On May 17, 1895, Adams received a recess appointment from President Grover Cleveland to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri vacated by Henry S. Priest. Formally nominated on December 4, 1895, Adams was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 9, 1895, and received his commission that day. His service to the District Court ended on May 29, 1905, due to appointment to another judicial position.
On May 20, 1905, Adams again received a recess appointment - this time from Theodore Roosevelt - concurrently to seats on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and United States Circuit Courts for the Eighth Circuit vacated by Amos Madden Thayer. Formally nominated on December 5, 1905, Adams was confirmed by the Senate, and received his commission, on December 12, 1905. He served on the Eighth Circuit until his death, in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="21487388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487388" title="George Adams (judge)">
George Adams (judge)

George Adams (August 1, 1784 – August 14, 1844) was an American lawyer and political figure who served in Kentucky and, later, Mississippi state offices and, was later a United States attorney and federal judge.
George Adams was born in the Virginia settlement of Lynchburg, two years before its establishment as a chartered community in 1786. He moved to Frankfort, the capital of the neighboring Commonwealth of Kentucky, where he read law and maintained a private practice from 1810 to 1825, while serving in the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1810–11 and, again, in 1814. In 1825, he moved south, crossing Virginia and Tennessee, to settle in Mississippi's oldest city, Natchez, which is connected to Tennessee's capital, Nashville, via the region's best-known land transportation route, the Natchez Trace. Following private law practice in Natchez from 1825 to 1827, he served as the state's attorney general in 1828–29, returning to his Natchez practice in 1829–30. In 1830 he was appointed United States Attorney for the District of Mississippi, serving until January 12, 1836, when he received a nomination from President Andrew Jackson to a seat vacated by Powhatan Ellis on the United States District Court for the District of Mississippi. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 20 and received his commission that day. When the District of Mississippi was divided into a Northern District and Southern District on June 18, 1838, Adams was reassigned by operation of law to both districts. Shortly thereafter, on September 30, after having served as judge for two years and eight-and-a-half months, Adams resigned his office and returned to private practice.
George Adams practiced law for the last six years (1838–44) in Mississippi's capital, Jackson, where he died two weeks after his 60th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="21487390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487390" title="O Pão e o Vinho">
O Pão e o Vinho

O Pão e o Vinho (English: Bread and Wine) is a 1981 Portuguese documentary feature film produced and directed by Ricardo Costa, his second docufiction after "Changing Tides" ("Mau Tempo, Marés e Mudança") – 1996/7. The third is "Mists" ("Brumas") - 2003.
History.
"O Pão e o Vinho" is contemporary to the tetralogy "Homem Montanhês" (Mountain Man), a series of four documentary feature films that Ricardo Costa was shooting on the mountains in remote villages: "Castro Laboreiro (film)", "Pitões a village of Barroso", "Far away is the city" and "Further ahead on this road".
They are all ethnographic films, with one exception: "Bred an Wine" is not a pure documentary, since fictional elements have been added as part of the film narrative, in order to strength drama and highlight the nature of the subject (see visual anthropology). "Bread and Wine" is both docufiction and ethnofiction.
A common denominator for these films is that no conventional narrative is used. The story is told with poetic ellipses linking alternate actions and situations. Meaning arises from the flow of pictures, from the harmonic association of shots, slowly drawing a human portrait: a survivor.
All the Portuguese “ethnographic” films of these period involved passion (the portrait should be touching) and that means they are art films. António Campos, António Reis and some other left .important living “documents” of patrimonial interest that will be seen with emotion any time.
Synopsis.
"During an Easter celebration, on a Good Friday, black night, hooded figures dressed with black mantles walk in deep silence, only broken by the noise of a rattle and by the canticles of a young Veronique rising in her hands a sheet with the bloody face of Christ stamped on it. She sings a song of grief and sorrow in an understandable language, telling an old story. The chorus of the hooded men answers to her complaints, echoed by a music band.
"At each turning point of the procession, now under a burning sun, other figures appear, bent on the earth, other voices, other sweaty faces. At each blow of the sickle, at each progress of the harvest, at each hit of the hoe, at each impromptu of a native poet, Anastásio Pires, Gil Quintas, or the bohemian Joaquim, the dishes’ seller, the portrait is drawn, the true story is told. The rattling and the Veronica’s song sounds again. And the procession proceeds until the moment in which, with a strong blow, the coffin cover falls over the body of Christ.
"The story which is told is of pain and wandering. The motive is the same as when people talk in front of a glass of wine, of a bit of bread with a slice of cheese. We can see that something happened, by that time, which was not deserved. Now we can see that, extinguished all hopes in a project that was not accomplished, the Alentejo, a singular and attaching land, still had a memory, was still alive. The actors of this film tell what happened. In each of these stories, the main character is Man."

</doc>
<doc id="21487398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487398" title="Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's">
Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's

"Mommy Is at the Hairdresser's" () is a 2008 drama directed by Léa Pool.
Synopsis.
The film takes place in the summer of 1966. A young girl named Élise is enjoying summer vacation, until her mother suddenly abandons her family. It's then that Élise becomes more aware of the dreams, sorrows, and lies of the people closest to her. Her brother Coco stubbornly seeks refuge in constructing a supercar, and the youngest, Benoît, plummets deep into his own internal world, retreating ever-further in the furnace room of their house. Élise's father is simply overwhelmed by the situation. And so Élise decides to take the helm of her drifting family in an attempt to save their future. With support from the silent comfort her mentor Monsieur Mouche offers, and the wonders of nature around her, Élise is on the verge of experiencing a summer unlike any other.
Release.
"Maman est chez le coiffeur" was released in Quebec on May 2, 2008. It has since played at several festivals, including:

</doc>
<doc id="21487406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487406" title="Avalanche rescue">
Avalanche rescue

Avalanche rescue involves locating and retrieving people who have been buried in avalanches.
Prevention.
There are several ways to prevent avalanches and lessen their power and destruction. They are employed in areas where avalanches pose a significant threat to people, such as ski resorts and mountain towns, roads and railways. Explosives are used extensively to prevent avalanches, especially at ski resorts where other methods are often impractical. Explosive charges are used to trigger small avalanches before enough snow can build up to cause a large avalanche. Snow fences and light walls can be used to direct the placement of snow. Snow builds up around the fence, especially the side that faces the prevailing winds. Downwind of the fence, snow buildup is lessened. This is caused by the loss of snow at the fence that would have been deposited and the pickup of the snow that is already there by the wind, which was depleted of snow at the fence. When there is a sufficient density of trees, they can greatly reduce the strength of avalanches. They hold snow in place and when there is an avalanche, the impact of the snow against the trees slows it down. Trees can either be planted or they can be conserved, such as in the building of a ski resort, to reduce the strength of avalanches.
Artificial barriers can be very effective in reducing avalanche damage. There are several types. One kind of barrier (snow net) uses a net strung between poles that are anchored by guy wires in addition to their foundations. These barriers are similar to those used for rockslides. Another type of barrier is a rigid fence like structure (snow fence) and may be constructed of steel, wood or pre-stressed concrete. They usually have gaps between the beams and are built perpendicular to the slope, with reinforcing beams on the downhill side. Rigid barriers are often considered unsightly, especially when many rows must be built. They are also expensive and vulnerable to damage from falling rocks in the warmer months. Finally, there are barriers that stop or deflect avalanches with their weight and strength. These barriers are made of concrete, rocks or earth. They are usually placed right above the structure, road or railway that they are trying to protect, although they can also be used to channel avalanches into other barriers. Occasionally, earth mounds are placed in the avalanche's path to slow it down.
Safety in avalanche terrain.
Research carried out in Switzerland[http://www.avalanche.org/moonstone/rescue/avalanche%20survival%20chances.htm] based on 422 buried skiers indicates how the chances of survival drop:
Consequently it is vital that everyone surviving an avalanche is used in an immediate search and rescue operation, rather than waiting for help to arrive. Additional help can be called once it can be determined if anyone is seriously injured or still remains unaccountable after the immediate search (i.e., after at least 30 minutes of searching). Even in a well equipped country such as France, it typically takes 45 minutes for a helicopter rescue team to arrive, by which time most of the victims are likely to have died.
In some cases avalanche victims are not located until spring thaw melts the snow, or even years later when objects emerge from a glacier.
Search and rescue equipment.
Chances of a buried victim being found alive and rescued are increased when everyone in a group is carrying and using standard avalanche equipment, and have trained in how to use it. A beacon, shovel and probe is considered the minimum equipment to carry for companion rescue. Organized rescue involves ski patrols and mountain rescue teams who are often equipped with other technologies to search for buried victims. Rescue equipment can make a difference, and in 2010 the French National Association for the Study of Snow and Avalanches (ANENA) recommended that all off-piste skiers should carry beacons, probes, shovels, and Recco reflectors.
Avalanche cords.
The use of avalanche cords goes back just over 100 years to a Bavarian mountaineer named Eugen Oertel. In the United States the concept was recommended as early as 1908 in the Colorado newspaper - the "Ouray Herald" (November 13) - when the editor repeated the suggestion that miners in the San Juan Mountains adopt "snowslide ribbons" to safeguard their travels to and from the mines. The principle is simple. An approximately 15 metre long red cord (similar to parachute cord) is attached to the person in question's belt. While skiing, snowboarding, or walking the cord is dragged along behind the person. The assumption is that if the person gets buried in an avalanche, the light cord stays on top of the snow. Due to the colour the cord would be easily visible for companions. Commercial avalanche cords have metal markings every one to three metres indicating the direction and length to the victim.
Avalanche cords were popular before beacons became available, and while cords were thought to be effective markers there was never any proof of their effectiveness. In the 1970s Melchoir Schild of the Swiss Federal Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF) reviewed 30 years of Swiss avalanche accidents and rescues from 1944/45 to 1973/74. Of the 2042 avalanche victims he found only seven cases where avalanche cords were used (not including the 2 mentioned above). In five cases part of the cord was visible on the surface but so too were part of the victims. In the sixth case the victim was completely buried, but part of the cord was visible. Sadly, this victim died of trauma. In the seventh case the completely buried avalanche cord was located by an avalanche rescue dog, however, the cord had become detached from the victim. Her body was found much later. In Knox Williams' and Betsy Armstrong's 1986 book The Avalanche Book they cite an early 1970s study where avalanche cords were tested on sandbag dummies. The dummies were placed onto steep slopes where explosives were used to trigger avalanches. Trials showed a portion of the cord remained on the surface only 40% of the time. The other 60% of the time the cord was completely buried along with the dummy. Typically the cord had spooled around the dummy. 1975, at a symposium of avalanche rescue experts hosted by the International Foundation Vanni Eigenmann, Schild concluded, “On the basis of these results the avalanche cord can no longer be considered reliable.”
In the United States there have been two accidents with five buried victims, all wearing avalanche cords. In one accident, an avalanche cord remained on the surface. In the second accident five ski mountaineers with cords deployed triggered an avalanche. One skier was partly buried, but his four friends and cords were completely buried. Moderate snow and the loss of the survivor’s eyeglasses only worsened the situation. The search was called off a few days later. The four were eventually found many months later after their bodies with attached cords melted out of the snow. On one victim the cord was wrapped tightly around the body.
An avalanche cord should not be used as safety equipment under any circumstances whatsoever.
Beacons.
Beacons — known as "beepers", peeps (pieps), ARVAs ("Appareil de Recherche de Victimes en Avalanche", in French), LVS ("Lawinen-Verschütteten-Suchgerät", Swiss German), avalanche transceivers, or various other trade names, are important for every member of the party. They emit a "beep" via 457 kHz radio signal in normal use, but may be switched to receive mode to locate a buried victim up to 80 meters away. Analog receivers provide audible beeps that rescuers interpret to estimate distance to a victim. To use the receiver effectively requires regular practice. Some older models of beepers operated on a different frequency (2.275 kHz ) and a group leader should ensure these are no longer in use.
Since about 2000 nearly all avalanche rescue transceivers use digital displays to give visual indications of direction and distance to victims. Most users find these beacons easier to use, but to be effective still requires considerable practice by the user. Beacons are the primary rescue tool for companion rescue and are considered active devices because the user must learn to use and care for their device.
Probes.
Portable (collapsible) probes can be extended to probe into the snow to locate the exact location of a victim at several yards / metres in depth. When multiple victims are buried, probes should be used to decide the order of rescue, with the shallowest being dug out first since they have the greatest chance of survival.
Probing can be a very time-consuming process if a thorough search is undertaken for a victim without a beacon. In the U.S., 86% of the 140 victims found (since 1950) by probing were already dead. [http://outsideonline.com/outside/magazine/200002/200002ava_whitedeath7.html] Survival/rescue more than 2 m deep is rare (about 4%). Probes should be used immediately after a visual search for surface clues, in coordination with the beacon search.
Shovels.
Even when the snowpack consists of loose powder, avalanche debris is hard and dense. The energy of the avalanche causes the snow to melt, and the debris refreezes immediately after it stops.
Shovels are essential for digging through the snow to the victim, as the snow is often too dense to dig with hands or skis. A large strong scoop and sturdy handle are important. Plastic shovels often break, whereas metal ones are less prone to failure.
As excavation of the avalanche victim is extremely time-consuming and many buried victims suffocate before they can be reached, shovelling technique is an essential element of rescue.
Shovels are also useful for digging snow pits as part of evaluating the snowpack for hidden hazards, such as weak layers supporting large loads.
Recco rescue system.
The Recco system is used by organised rescue services around the world. The Recco system is a two-part system where the rescue team uses a small hand-held detector. The detector receives a directional signal that is reflected back from a small, passive, transponder called a reflector that is included into outerwear, boots, helmets, and body protection. Recco reflectors are not a substitute for avalanche beacons. The Recco signal does not interfere with beacons. In fact, the current Recco detector also has an avalanche beacon receiver (457 kHz) so one rescuer can search for a Recco signal and a beacon signal at the same time.
Avalung.
Recently, a device called an Avalung has been introduced for use in avalanche terrain. The device consists of a mouth piece, a flap valve, an exhaust pipe, and an air collector. Several models of Avalung either mount on one's chest or integrate in a proprietary backpack.
During an avalanche burial, victims not killed by trauma usually suffer from asphyxiation as the snow around them melts from the heat of the victim's breath and then refreezes, disallowing oxygen flow to the victim and allowing toxic levels of CO2 to accumulate. The Avalung ameliorates this situation by drawing breath over a large surface area in front and pushing the warm exhaled carbon dioxide behind. This buys additional time for rescuers to dig the victim out.
Avalanche airbags.
Avalanche airbags help a person avoid burial by making the user an even larger object relative to the moving snow, which forces the person toward the surface. Avalanche airbags work on the principle of inverse segregation (granular convection). Avalanches, like mixed nuts and breakfast cereal are considered granular materials and behave fluid-like (but are not liquids) where smaller particles settle to the bottom of the flow and larger particles rise to the top. Provided the airbag is properly deployed, the chances of a complete burial are significantly reduced.
With freeriding becoming more popular in recent years, avalanche airbags have become a (relatively) commonly used equipment, with one German producer reporting over 20,000 sales in the 2012/13 winter season. One complication is that the small explosives or compressed air canisters that deploy the airbag might need to be emptied or expended in order to fly on a commercial airplane. Though the International Air Transport Association has approved carrying charged devices, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration requires that they be discharged. For this reason, some users who travel by air buy a new canister or refill an empty one after arrival.
Other devices.
More backcountry adventurers are also carrying Satellite Electronic Notification Devices (SEND) to quickly alert rescuers to a problem. These devices include the SPOT Messenger, Emergency Position-Indicating Radio Beacon (EPIRB) or Personal Locating Beacons (PLBs) containing the Global Positioning System (GPS). This device can quickly notify search and rescue of an emergency and the general location (within 100 yards), but only if the person with the EPIRB has survived the avalanche and can activate the device. Survivors should also try to use a mobile phone to notify emergency personnel. Unlike the other devices mentioned above, the mobile phone (or satellite phone) provides two-way communications with rescuers.
On-site rescuers (usually companions) are in the best position to save a buried victim. However, organized rescue teams can sometimes respond very quickly to assist in the search for a buried victim. The sooner organized rescue can be notified the sooner they can respond, and this difference can mean the difference in living or dying for a critically injured patient. The International Commission for Alpine Rescue recommends, “early notification is essential, e.g., by mobile phone, satellite phone, or radio, wherever possible” 
Other rescue devices are proposed, developed and used, such as avalanche balls, vests and airbags, based on statistics indicating that decreasing the depth of burial increases the chances of survival.
Although inefficient, some rescue equipment can be improvised by unprepared parties: ski poles can become short probes, skis or snowboards can be used as shovels. A first aid kit and equipment is useful for assisting survivors who may have cuts, broken bones, or other injuries, in addition to hypothermia.
Self-rescue.
Victims caught in an avalanche are advised to try to escape to the side of the avalanche. If not possible, they're instructed to grab onto a tree, brush or rock (each second one hangs on lets snow pass by that cannot end up burying the victim). If knocked off one's feet, victims should jettison any equipment (if possible) and fight for their life. Rolling like a log may help one escape to the side. Conventional wisdom says to make swimming motions to stay on the surface. Anecdotal stories tell successes; however, analysis of avalanche motion and physics dispute swimming as a successful tactic. Avalanches stop quickly and if under the snow it is critical to get a hand in front of the face to create an airspace before the snow stops. If near the surface one may try to thrust an arm, leg or object above the surface. If possible, victims should try to break free once the snow stops. If unable to move one should not struggle except to enlarge the air space.
"You can't dig yourself out. If you could dig yourself out, few people would die in avalanches. Avalanche debris instantly entombs you in place, as if you were frozen in concrete, and most of the time you can't even move your fingers. Sometimes, if it's a small avalanche with soft debris, and they have a hand near the surface, people have been able to dig themselves out, but the vast majority of the time there are only two ways to get out of the snow-to be dug out or to melt out."
Companion rescue.
Survival time is short, if a victim is buried. The search for victims must start immediately; many people have died because the surviving companions or witnesses failed to do even the simplest search.
Witnesses to an avalanche that engulfs people are frequently limited to those in the party involved in the avalanche. Those not caught should try to note the locations where the avalanched person or persons were last seen. In fact, anyone planning to enter an avalanche area should discuss this step as part of their preparation. Once the avalanche has stopped and the danger of secondary slides has passed, witnesses should mark these points with objects for reference. Then, survivors should take a headcount to determine who may be lost. If the area is safe to enter, the searchers should visually scan along a downslope trajectory from the marked points last seen. Victims who are partially or shallowly buried can often be located quickly by visually scanning the avalanche debris and pulling out clothing or equipment that may be attached to someone buried.
Because survival rates plummet as time passes, do not send a searcher for help until you feel you can do no more. However, do use your mobile phone or radio to call for help as soon as you suspect a burial. Generally, the telephone connection will be better from the top of a slope than from the bottom. Go to and mark the Last Seen Area, switch transceivers to receive mode, and check them. Select likely burial areas and search them, listening for beeps (or voices), expanding to other areas of the avalanche, always looking and listening for other clues (movement, equipment, body parts). Probe randomly in probable burial areas. Mark any points where signal was received or equipment found. Continue scanning and probing near marked clues and other likely burial areas. After 30 to 60 minutes, consider sending a searcher to get more help, because at this point, the remaining victims have probably not survived.
Line probes are arranged in most likely burial areas and marked as searched. Continue searching and probing the area until it is no longer feasible or reasonable to continue. Avoid contaminating the scent of the avalanche area with urine, food, spit, blood, etc., in case search dogs arrive.
Buried victims are most likely to be found--
Although less likely, check other areas if initial searches are not fruitful.
Once buried victims are found and their heads and chests are freed, perform first aid (airway, breathing, circulation/pulse, arterial bleeding, spinal injuries, fractures, shock, hypothermia, internal injuries, etc.), according to local law and custom.
Organized rescue.
Professional and volunteer rescue teams respond when a victim needs more help than their companions can provide. Traditionally, organized rescue responded after companion rescue efforts failed. However, today, thanks to mobile telephones, helicopters and snow-machines, the distinction between "organized" and "companion" rescue sometimes blur together as organized rescue can respond quickly to assist companions. In a some cases in recent years, organized rescue has even replaced companion rescue and saved lives when organized rescue teams reached the debris before the victim's companions.
There are four primary goals of any rescue operation and in organized rescue the goals can be initiated simultaneously.
Immediate search.
The first teams travel fast and light to locate and uncover buried victims. These teams carry basic rescue equipment, including rescue dogs and RECCO detectors, and emergency-care gear. These rescuers are generally not equipped for prolonged operations.
Transport/evacuation.
Upon the first alert of an avalanche incident the rescue leader will appoint a team to arrange transportation for both rescuers and patients.
Support/logistics.
Rescue leaders will assess the complexity of the search and rescue operation to determine and anticipate the needs for support. Every incident is different depending upon the number of victims, avalanche danger, weather conditions, terrain, access, availability of rescuers, etc. Support includes getting appropriate resources of people and equipment, transporting the resources, caring for and replacing rescuers.
In the United States "all" agencies are mandated to manage search and rescue operations, including avalanche, under the Incident Command System (ICS).
Myths about avalanches.
Myth: Avalanches can be triggered by shouting - Avalanches cannot be triggered by sound as the forces exerted by the pressures in sound waves are far too low. The very strong shockwaves produced by explosions can trigger avalanches, however, if they are close enough to the surface.
Myth: Spitting while covered in snow can determine the direction upwards - Spitting while covered in snow is not helpful because when the snow has settled it becomes very solid and most of the time, moving is not possible.

</doc>
<doc id="21487408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487408" title="University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing">
University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing

The University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing (also known as SON) is an undergraduate and graduate institution at the University of Pennsylvania located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Since its establishment in 1935, the School of Nursing at Penn is currently the top-ranked private nursing institution in the nation. Penn Nursing sets a higher intellectual standard which is reinforced through an emphasis on science and research. As of March 9, 2010, SON is ranked first in National Institute of Health (NIH) funding.

</doc>
<doc id="21487448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487448" title="Limatula maoria">
Limatula maoria

Limatula maoria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.

</doc>
<doc id="21487491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487491" title="Mount McGregor">
Mount McGregor

Mount McGregor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21487519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487519" title="David Bredehoft">
David Bredehoft

David J. Bredehoft, Ph.D., CFLE, is chair of the Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences at Concordia University, Saint Paul, in Minnesota as well as a Professor of Psychology and Family Studies. He is a co-author of "How Much is Enough? Everything You Need to Know to Steer Clear of Overindulgence and Raise Likeable, Responsible, and Respectful Children" (New York: Da Capo Press, 2004)accompanied by Jean Illsley Clarke, Ph.D.[http://www.overindulgence.info/AboutUs.htm, and Connie Dawson, Ph.D.He started the Psychology Program at Concordia University in 1976 
Dr. Bredehoft holds four academic degrees within the fields of psychology, family social science, and educational psychology. He has over thirty-five years of experience in research, marriage and family therapy, and teaching. He is a licensed Psychologist in the State of Minnesota and a Certified Family Life Educator (CFLE) through the National Council on Family Relations.
The National Council on Family Relations named him "2003 Certified Family Life Educator of the Year".
Background.
Dr. Bredehoft earned a B.A. in Psychology and a Master of Education in Educational Psychology from the University of Oklahoma, and a Ph.D. in Family Social Science from the University of Minnesota.
Work.
Information for the book "How Much is Enough?"is found at the homepage: http://www.overindulgence.info. This website, created and managed by Dr. Bredehoft, contains information about overindulgence; it is supported by research findings. Also at this site, research information on the studies involved in The Overindulgence Project can be found. This Project began in 1996, studying the relationship between childhood overindulgence and potential adult problems and parenting practices. To date, seven studies have been successfully completed on overindulgence. Three additional studies are in progress. The previous investigations have had a combined total of 2,368 participants
Dr. Bredehoft has had over 100 articles published in journals, magazines, and newspapers relating to interests in psychology, parenting, and family studies. He has presented papers at national conventions at various places throughout the country. In 2009, he and Michael Walcheski co-authored a book titled "Family Life Education: Integrating Theory and Practice, 2nd ed."which was published by the National Council on Family Relations [http://www.ncfr.org/.
Selected publications.
Books.
"How much is Enough? Everything You Need to Know to Steer Clear of Overindulgence and Raise Likeable, Responsible, and Respectful Children"[http://www.perseusbooksgroup.com/dacapo/search.do?searchText=how+much+is+enough%3F&imprintCid=DC&x=7&y=9]
"Family Life Education: Integrating Theory and Practice (2nd ed.)"[https://web.memberclicks.com/mc/quickForm/viewForm.do?orgId=ncfr&formId=18852]
There are now 9 versions of "How much is Enough?" that can be found in 9 different languages. Translations and publishing information include:
The Italian translation: "How much is Enough? Everything you need to know to steer clear of overindulgence and raise likeable, responsible, and respectful children – from toddlers to teens" (Mondadori Editore, 2008).
The Greek translation: "How much is enough? Everything you need to know to steer clear of overindulgence and raise likeable, responsible, and respectful children – from toddlers to teens" (Orpheas, 2008).
The Estonian translation: "How much is enough? Everything you need to know to steer clear of overindulgence and raise likeable, responsible, and respectful children – from toddlers to teens" (Tanapaev, 2008).
The Chinese translation: "How much is enough? Everything you need to know to steer clear of overindulgence and raise likeable, responsible, and respectful children – from toddlers to teens" (New World Press/ Jiuzhou Press, 2006).
The Icelandic translation: "Hvad mikid er nog?Jardbundinn leidarvisir ad heilbrigdu uppeldi i stad ofdekurs" (Reykjavik, Iceland: OB Radgjof ehf, 2004).
Journal articles.
“What teachers can do when overindulged children come to school”
"The framework for life span family life education revised and revisited"
"Perceptions attributed by adults to parental overindulgence during childhood"
"Parents violents: Une recherche"
“Cooperative controversies in the classroom”
"An evaluation of self-esteem: A family affair"
"An evaluation of self-esteem: A family affair"
Citations.
"An evaluation of self-esteem: A family affair"
Also, six different citations for "Cooperative controversies in the classroom":
1. In Thompson Center for Learning and Teaching Articles Resource List (Winter 2000)
2. In Teaching Concerns — Newsletter of the Teaching Resource Center for Faculty and Teaching Assistants at the University of Virginia
3. In Tapestry: Centre for Teaching and Academic Growth Newsletter
4. In Essays on Teaching Excellence: Toward the Best in the Academy — Teaching Controversial Issues by Suzanne Cherrin - The University of Delaware
5. In Cooperative Education
6. In Institute for Applied Cognition and Teaching Towson University References on Teaching Compiled by Luz P. Mangurian, Ph.D., Director, Institute for Applied Cognition and Teaching
Personal life.
Dr. Bredehoft is married to Adena Shepherd Bredehoft.

</doc>
<doc id="21487531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487531" title="SKS (disambiguation)">
SKS (disambiguation)

SKS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21487561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487561" title="ZAMNET">
ZAMNET

ZAMNET Communication Systems Ltd., established in 1994, is primarily an Internet service provider (providing dial-up, broadband, wireless and satellite Internet access), but also provides the following services:
ZAMNET is also the domain name registry for the .zm top-level domain and also provides the services of a registrar.
It has four manned points of presence (POPs) in Lusaka, Kitwe, Livingstone and Solwezi, virtual POPs in Ndola, Luanshya and Mazabuka, and a drop-off point in Kabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="21487589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487589" title="Orono School District">
Orono School District

The Orono School District (ISD #278) is a Minnesota public school district located in the west-metro area of Minneapolis, Minnesota. The school district, organized in 1950, serves part or all of the following areas: Independence, Long Lake, Maple Plain, Medina, Minnetonka Beach, and Orono. The district superintendent is Dr. Karen Orcutt.
Overview.
Located in Long Lake, MN, the district serves grades pre-kindergarten to grade 12 in four different school buildings. The school district had a student population of 2,616 and 140.1 teachers during the 2005–2006 school year. The schools are located on a campus along Old Crystal Bay Road. The district mascot is a Spartan and the school colors are navy and scarlet. The average number of instructional days the district is 167 days. The district calendar is composed of "no school" days for the Minnesota Education Association (MEA), thanksgiving break, winter break, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, President's Day, spring break, Good Friday, Memorial Day and other professional days.
The district consists of four main school buildings: Orono High School, Orono Middle School, Orono Intermediate School and Schumann Elementary School. In addition to these schools, other district facilities consist of a childcare facility, a swimming pool, the Orono Ice Arena, a stadium, tennis courts, and many outdoor fields. The Orono Discovery Center is located in Maple Plain but is still considered a community center provided by the district.
The district has proposed many referendums in the past years. In 2008, a $39.4 million referendum was passed 1,845 to 1,713 which will contribute to the improvement of Schumann Elementary School, Orono Intermediate School and Orono High School. The referendum will raise taxes on a home with an estimated value of $300,000, $125 annually. The referendum money will be used for electrical and mechanical improvements, and interior and exterior improvements to these schools. Air conditioning will be implemented in the high school. Along with the passage of this referendum in 2008, seven Orono residents sued Orono Schools, stating the referendum should have been conducted by mail instead of by polling at the district's main office. The suit was dismissed by a Hennepin County District Court judge.
Orono High School.
Orono High School (OHS), was constructed in 1968, is the only high school in the Orono School District and serves grade 9 through 12. The principal is David Benson. OHS starts at 7:50 am and ends at 2:30 pm. The school had 842 students in the school year 2006–2007. 95 percent of the student body in the high school was of Caucasian descent with the remaining 5 percent of the students being of American Indian/Alaskan, Asian, Black, and Hispanic descent. 2.7 percent of the student body is eligible for free lunch. 91 percent of the students graduating OHS are enrolled in post-secondary education. 
The school has 49 teachers and an average class size of 32 with a student teacher ratio of 18.8:1. The school year starts in September and ends in June and is based on a semester schedule. Required curriculum consists of English, social studies, science, mathematics, physical education/health, and fine arts. There are around 60 elective courses offered at OHS including fine arts, business/marketing education, technology education and world languages (including German, Chinese, Spanish). The school has AP classes in the following subjects: Art History, Language and Composition, Literature and Composition, Calculus AB, Calculus BC, Statistics, Biology, Environmental Science, Psychology, Human Geography, Music Theory, World History, US History, Chemistry, Physics, German, and Spanish. Advanced and enriched courses are also offered. The school has dual high school and college enrollment programs. GPA at the high school is calculated on an unweighted 4.0 scale. Until the end of the 2010-11 school year, there is a unique FLEX schedule where three times a week, one out of the seven periods during the school day is "flexed" and replaced with a study hall where students can go to the classroom of their choice to work on homework and make up tests. Starting in the 2011-12 school year FLEX was replaced with Spartan Hour. Each week, on Monday, Wednesday and Friday each class period is shortened by about 10 mins. There is an additional 40 min period that takes place on these days called Spartan Hour. During Spartan Hour, students report to an assigned room where they do home work or study. The Spartan Hour classes are composed of 4 to 6 kids from each grade 9-12. They have the same teacher all 4 years. There is a 15 minute "snack break" from 9:30 am to 9:45 am.
The school's academic teams consist of the following: Debate team, DECA (Distributive Education Clubs of America), History club, Literary Magazine, Math team, Mock Trial, National Honor Society, Newspaper, Quiz Bowl team, Science team, Speech team, Student Senate, and Yearbook. The school has three bands: concert band, symphonic band, and wind ensemble along with two jazz bands, a pit orchestra, marching band and pep band. The school also has five choirs: girl's choir, boy's choir, 9th grade boys choir, 9th grade girls choir, and concert choir. The drama department puts on three theatrical works a year: a fall musical, a winter play, and a spring children's play.
The school offers the following 22 sports for both girls and boys:
Many of these teams compete at the State Conferences. In Fall 2008, the Orono Football team won the section conference game and played at the State Conference level for the first time in 21 years. Head football coach Jeff Weiland received the award of Metro Coach of the Year by Kare-11 television. In February 2006, the Orono Dance team was awarded fifth place in the Minnesota State High School League competition at the Xcel Energy Center while captained by seniors Laura Sievert and Jackie Lee, as well as being ranked among the top ten teams in the state of Minnesota in 2003, 2005 and 2009. The Girl's Soccer Team won the state title game in 2009, defeating The Blake School. The Boy's Golf Team won three consecutive state titles in 2008, 2009 and 2010. In 2011, the Orono Boy's Basketball team won the Class 3A State Championship, defeating Colombia Heights. In 2013, the Boy's Lacrosse team made their first state appearance after beating Wayzata 11-10 in overtime in the section 8 championship.( Highlights of Section 8 championship game ) It was just their second year in the MSHSL, and they claimed the consolation championship in the state tournament. 
Orono Middle School.
Orono Middle School (OMS) is the newest of all the schools in the Orono School district. It was built in 2000 and houses grades 6 through 8. The principal of OMS is Dr. Patricia Wroten and the associate principal is Ms. Kimberly Harder. The hours of the school day are 8:00 am to 2:40 pm. There were 630 students that attended OMS in the 2006–2007 school year with a student to teacher ratio of 17.9. The average class size is 26 students and the total number of staff is 64. There are five exploratory programs at OMS. They consist of Art, Computer Applications, General Music, Performing Arts, and Technology Applications. The Music Department consists of band and choir. The middle school has a special layout of "up" and "down" houses for each grade level.
Orono Intermediate School & Schumann Elementary School.
The Orono Intermediate School has 581 students in the grades three through five. The student teacher ratio is 19.0 and the average class size is 25. The principal is Scott Alger. The Intermediate School building, built in 1950, was the district high school until 1968 when it was used as the middle school for the district until 2000, when the new Orono Middle School was built and opened. School hours are 9:10 am to 3:40 pm.
Connected to the Intermediate School is Schumann Elementary School, which houses grades kindergarten through grade 2 and the Multi-age classrooms. It is the only elementary school in the Orono School District and is the second oldest school building in the district, constructed in 1956. Dr. Connie Fladeland is the principal and the staff consists of 55 faculty members. The average class size is 21 and the hours of the day are 9:10 am to 3:40 pm. There is full day kindergarten and half day kindergarten. The Multi-age classroom includes grades one and two and allows children of both grades to participate in classes together as opposed to a single teacher option.

</doc>
<doc id="21487594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487594" title="Kienle Cirque">
Kienle Cirque

Kienle Cirque () is an ice-filled cirque, wide, the largest cirque on the west side of White Island, in the Ross Archipelago, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (1999) after Juergen Kienle of the Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska Fairbanks, a team leader for the investigation of volcanic activity and seismicity at nearby Mount Erebus in six seasons, 1980–81 through 1985–86.

</doc>
<doc id="21487616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487616" title="Public notice">
Public notice

Public notice is a notice given to the public regarding certain types of legal proceedings.
__TOC__
By government.
Public notices are issued by a government agency or legislative body in certain rulemaking or lawmaking proceeding. 
It is a requirement in most jurisdictions, in order to allow members of the public to make their opinions on proposals known "before" a rule or law is made.
For local government, public notice is often given by those seeking a liquor license, a rezoning or variance, or other minor approval which must be granted by a city council, county commission, or board of supervisors.
By private individuals or companies.
Parties to some legal proceedings, such as foreclosures, probate, and estate actions are sometimes required to publish public notices.
In communications.
Public notices are sometimes required when seeking a new broadcast license from a national broadcasting authority, or a change to modification to an existing license.
U.S. broadcast stations are required to give public notice on the air that they are seeking a license renewal from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC), or that they are ending analog TV service early during the digital television transition in the United States. Records of these public notices must often be kept in a station's public file.
Method of notice.
One method of notice is publication of public notice ad in a local newspaper of record. Public notice can also be given in other ways, including radio, television, and on the Internet. Some governments required publication in a newspaper, though there have been attempts among some politicians to eliminate the expense of publication by switching to electronic forms of notification.

</doc>
<doc id="21487617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487617" title="Kienle Nunataks">
Kienle Nunataks

Kienle Nunataks () are three aligned nunataks to the north of Mount Terror in northeastern Ross Island, Antarctica. The nunataks trend east–west for and rise to about . The central nunatak is north-northeast of the Mount Terror summit. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, they were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Juergen Kienle of the Geophysical Institute, University of Alaska Fairbanks, a United States Antarctic Program team leader for the investigation of volcanic activity and seismicity on Mount Erebus in six field seasons, 1980–81 through 1985–86.

</doc>
<doc id="21487618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487618" title="Ruditapes">
Ruditapes

Ruditapes is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Veneridae. 

</doc>
<doc id="21487621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487621" title="J.C. Jones">
J.C. Jones

J. C. Jones (born in 1973 in Los Angeles, California) is an American country music artist. Jones was signed to a recording deal with Rising Tide Records and released his debut album, "One Night", in 1998. His only single, the album's title track, peaked at No. 61 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Federal indictment.
J. C. Jones also known as Charles Jones was arrested early 2014 and charged with fraud, mail fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to commit wire, mail and bank fraud. Five years prior Jones was owner and operator of dont4close.com in which he promised homeowners he could save their home from foreclosure. During this time Jones also operated, owned and co-owned a number of other entities including American Liberty National Mortgage Co. and FCC Construction. After finding homeowners as customers, Jones would seek the help of family and friends to acquire the individuals’ homes with loans from federally insured financial institutions such as Wells Fargo Bank, SDI Funding, First Freedom Bank and Equity Mortgage Funding Inc. From May 2005 to around April 2009 Federal prosecutors allege Jones had defrauded federally insured financial institutions and lenders in millions in loans form the purchases of those properties. “straw borrowers” were used by Jones to acquire properties then “fraudulently manipulated loan closings in order to facilitate and perpetuate the fraud. To get loans, Jones fraudulently caused false information to be submitted to the lenders in borrowers’ loan applications and other loan documents. At times, Jones fraudulently transferred funds to borrowers’ bank accounts to create misleading, artificial appearance of their financial condition.” Jones was taken to Nashville for court proceedings in which he pleaded not guilty. A local news station http://www.newschannel5.com/ investigated Jones in 2009 with a followup in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="21487623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487623" title="Hangin' on a String (Contemplating)">
Hangin' on a String (Contemplating)

"Hangin' On A String (Contemplating)" is the fourth single by English R&B band Loose Ends from their second studio album, "So Where Are You?", and was released in February 1985 by Virgin Records. The single went to number one on the U.S. "Billboard" R&B chart for one week. This made Loose Ends the first British band ever to top that chart In the group's native UK, the single made the top twenty. It also reached number 43 on the Billboard Hot 100.
In 2008, the song was featured on Grand Theft Auto IV's fictional soul/R&B radio station The Vibe 98.8.
Rapper Wiz Khalifa sampled this song for his song The Kid Frankie from the album Kush & Orange Juice
Track listing.
7” Single: VS748 
12” Single: VS748-12
2nd 12” Single: VS748-13
3rd 12” Single: VS748-14
3” CD Single: "released 1989"
Hangin' On A String 1992.
"Hangin' On A String " was remixed and re-released in 1992. This was a track taken from the forthcoming Loose Ends Remix project "Tighten Up Volume 1".
Track listing.
7” Single: TEN406
12” Single: TENX406
CD Single: TENCD406

</doc>
<doc id="21487646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487646" title="Cape Kidson">
Cape Kidson

Cape Kidson () is an abrupt rock scarp which rises to , forming the north side of the entrance to New Bedford Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was first sighted and photographed from the air by members of the United States Antarctic Service in 1940. During 1947 the cape was photographed from the air by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) charted it from the ground. It was named by the FIDS for Edward Kidson, a New Zealand meteorologist and author of the meteorological reports of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, under Ernest Shackleton, and of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition under Douglas Mawson, 1911–14.

</doc>
<doc id="21487665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487665" title="New Bedford Inlet">
New Bedford Inlet

New Bedford Inlet () is a large pouch-shaped, ice-filled embayment between Cape Kidson and Cape Brooks, along the east coast of Palmer Land. Discovered and photographed from the air in December 1940 by members of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), and named after New Bedford, Massachusetts, the centre of the New England whaling industry in the middle of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="21487677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487677" title="Hoa Cam Concrete">
Hoa Cam Concrete

Hoa Cam Concrete JSC (CTCP Bê tông Hoà Cầm; HASTC:HCC) is a construction materials company of Vietnam, specializing in the manufacture and distribution of concrete, cement, sand and stone. It has participated in major construction projects including hydropower plants, electriciy transmission networks and office buildings. Hoa Cam is located in Da Nang and its main markets are Da Nang Province, Quảng Nam Province and Dung Quat Economic Zone of the South Central Coast region. It is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center.
References.
"See External links."

</doc>
<doc id="21487694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487694" title="Weldon Angelos case">
Weldon Angelos case

The Weldon Angelos case was a case involving mandatory minimum sentences presented to the United States Supreme Court. The United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
Background.
Weldon Angelos, the son of a Greek immigrant and founder of a rap record company, was accused of selling marijuana to a police informant on several occasions worth a total of $350; the witness stated that Angelos had a firearm strapped to his body, but no photographs or evidence existed other than his testimony, and Angelos never used or brandished his gun.
However, section 924(c) of the federal code provides for mandatory sentences for dealers who carry firearms during their drug transactions; meaning Angelos, who had no prior criminal record, was sentenced in November 2004 to a minimum of 55 years to 63 years in prison.
Trial and conviction.
The judge in the case, Paul Cassell (of the U.S. Court for the District of Utah) sentenced Angelos to 55 years, but said that due to mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines, he had no choice but to impose it. Cassell urged President Bush to commute the sentence, calling it "unjust, cruel, and irrational", noting the sentence is much more than the minimum for hijacking, kidnapping, or rape. On appeal the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit upheld the sentence. The U.S Supreme Court declined to hear the case. In spite of the fact the Supreme Court ruled in United States v. Booker that the federal sentencing guidelines are not mandatory but advisory only, they did not rule that mandatory minimums in the federal code (separate from the guidelines) are themselves unconstitutional, and in this case the facts of the case (Angelos carrying a firearm) were proven before a jury.
Weldon Angelos has a projected release date of 18 November 2051. There is no parole in the federal prison system.
On 29 April 2009, a federal judge denied a request by Angelos for a new trial by rejecting a claim that his trial attorney mishandled plea negotiations with the federal prosecutor, U.S. District Judge Tena Campbell ruled that attorney Jerome Mooney had provided Angelos with "competent and thorough" legal help. This is likely one of the last appeals Angelos can launch, thus making it increasingly likely his sentence is final.
Justification.
In a radio program the prosecutor Robert Lund justified his decision to charge Angelos with a felony carrying a minimum sentence of 55 years for his first marijuana offense on the following grounds:
924(c) stacking.
The case is an example of what is technically known as 924(c) stacking. In many such cases the jury decides a gun may have been present beyond an acceptable probability of reasonable doubt appropriate for a commensurate sentence, rather than a sentence commensurate with a violent crime. For example in the Prikakis case, Prikakis like Angelos was induced by a paid informant to make three drug sales, it was asserted that a gun was present, this was denied by Prikakis, and the jury decided a gun was present beyond reasonable doubt. It is known in that case that the judge's instructions to the jury did not apprise them to use a standard of reasonable doubt appropriate for a stacked sentence. The judge Vinson later wrote that the jury would have been shocked to learn of the stacked sentence: "I think they would rise up in indignation, as anybody else would, if they know about how this law is being applied and construed in circumstances such as this, which is essentially
one underlying offense.” Judge Vinson also noted that in such cases the prosecutor can choose the length of the sentence by choosing what number of controlled buys to solicit prior to the arrest of the defendant. Articles also note that prosecutors can solicit controlled buys from an essentially innocent defendant known to carry a gun, thereby inducing a previously innocent person to commit transactions leading to life imprisonment. Proponents argue that 924(c) stacking effectively punishes recidivist offenders and removes them from society. On the other hand, J. Shulhofer wrote that although 924(c) stacking was intended to be applied to repeat offenders, in practise prosecutors actually apply it "on first offenders in borderline situations who may have plausible defenses and are more likely to insist upon trial."

</doc>
<doc id="21487702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487702" title="Takla Range">
Takla Range

The Takla Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, bounded by Takla Lake and Northwest Arm in northern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="21487707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487707" title="Toronto Stories">
Toronto Stories

Toronto Stories is a film in four segments bound together by a young boy, lost in an unknown city. After the prologue, the four segments are directed by different people: "Shoelaces" by Aaron Woodley, "The Brazilian" by Sook-Yin Lee, "Windows" by David "Sudz" Sutherland, and "Lost Boys" by David Weaver.
Synopsis.
Opening on the arrival of several overseas flights at Pearson International and the many diverse faces that populate the city’s landscape, a young boy, presumably of African descent, arrives at a customs desk unaccompanied and with no papers. He is taken into the custody of the immigration office, but when a back is turned he is drawn by curiosity into the throng of the airport. He then makes his way onto an express bus and into the city alone. An amber alert is issued signaling that a child has gone missing.
That same day two children embark on a quest to find a reported monster living beneath the picturesque neighbourhood of Cabbagetown. Over the course of that day and into the night, they share a number of profound experiences involving love, death and their very first kiss. In Kensington Market a lonely woman and a young man who has never been in love come up against their fundamental differences in their search for understanding and connection. Alton and Doug reunite by chance on the streets of Toronto. These former partners in crime have to reevaluate their toxic relationship while staring down the barrel of a policeman's gun. A broken man fallen from grace and now inhabiting the streets and alleys around Union Station spots the lost boy, but when he approaches the authorities his mental illness causes the credibility of his discovery to be questioned.
Release.
"Toronto Stories" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). It then went on to screen at the Possible Worlds Film Festival and the Kingston Canadian Film Festival. It was released in select theatres on December 12, 2008.
Reception.
"Variety", reviewing the film after its September 2008 premiere at TIFF, called it a "complete zero" that represented the nadir of the "omnibus city film concept"; they acknowledged the "major Canadian talent behind and in front of the camera" but said the film "manages to leave no memorable moments over the span of four wan short pieces about Torontonians in search of a city" After its limited Canadian release three months later, Bruce DeMara of the "Toronto Star" was much more positive, giving it a (three stars out of 4); DeMara, acknowledging he was an "unabashed city booster", said "cinephiles looking for the next generation of directors to follow in the footsteps of James Cameron, David Cronenberg and Norman Jewison may find it in this cadre of filmmakers." DeMara called Gil Bellows's performance a "tour-de-force" and said the "vignettes make Toronto look very good indeed, by turns accessible and mysterious, livably bourgeois in some places, raw and gritty in others, hip and modern, but with a sense of history." E.C. Woodley's music score was given special praise by DeMara, who wrote that the score "deserves special mention for its orchestral manoeuvres, by turns lively, languid and moody, evoking a sense of place in a city whose diversity makes it so difficult to define." "Now" called it a "plodding, uninspired collection of four short films — each written and directed by a well-regarded local filmmaker — that never rise above mildly engaging, are often just plain lousy and fail to use the city in any creative or interesting way." "Eye Weekly" gave it (three stars out of 5), saying it was "disappointing that the results are so inconsistent, with none of the contributions matching their creators’ best efforts in the past. Nor, despite all its proud displays of local colour, does it present Hogtown as memorably as such other recent Toronto-centric indie pics as "Monkey Warfare", "Sabah" or "In Between Days"."

</doc>
<doc id="21487720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487720" title="Australian Parkour Association">
Australian Parkour Association

The Australian Parkour Association (APA) is an incorporated association concerned with the promotion and teaching of parkour throughout Australia. At present, the APA has 109 active members, while many times that number have attended or regularly attend APA-run parkour classes.
Purpose.
The APA enunciates its purpose as to nurture the development of parkour in Australia and seeks to achieve this through a number of means. Primary amongst which include, teaching parkour through the provision of classes and workshops, acting as a representative body for those who practice parkour and advancing positive portrayals of parkour in the media.
Formation and origins.
In November 2005 the idea of forming a national association to represent parkour in Australia began to be discussed amongst a group of Melbourne Traceurs. One catalyst had been the threat of legal action leveled against several members of the Melbourne parkour community – despite their being unconnected with the incident. As events were clarified amongst the potential plaintiffs, threat of legal action faded. However, the possibility of lawsuits left an indelible impression upon those involved. The APA now provides members and instructors with "protection of the members and office holders against personal liability for debts and other legal obligations of the organisation."
 Simultaneously, there was also concern that parkour was being inaccurately promulgated in Australia. Globally, there has been significant controversy regarding the philosophical underpinnings of parkour. Amongst those who would later form the APA, there was a strong adherence to the non-competitive and altruistic principles laid down by parkour founder David Belle. According to current APA president Mathew "Chippa" Campbell:
Following discussions initially localised in Melbourne, similar groups in Sydney and Canberra were contacted and quickly included, their contributions refining and completing the concept. On 21 June 2006 the Australian Parkour Association (APA) was formed and registered nationally in August 2006.
Teaching.
Pursuant to the APA's aims, weekly classes accessible to the general public are run in several major cities throughout Australia. At present the APA runs classes in Melbourne, Sydney, Canberra, Perth, Brisbane, Adelaide and Newcastle.
Pursuant to being a registered incorporation under Australian law, the APA is a non-profit organisation, with most instructors and assistant instructors volunteering their time. In addition to weekly classes the APA has been involved in organising workshops for disadvantaged and at-risk youths.
The APA and the media.
In furtherance of the APA's stated objective of positively and accurately representing parkour to the wider community, members have been involved in numerous media appearances. In September 2007, members were involved in a high profile piece for 60 Minutes, which was broadcast nationally during Sunday prime time on Channel 9. Following the 60 Minutes piece, numbers at classes experienced an explosion. Many of the interviews with the APA were not included and the final piece was not as the APA had hoped and expected.
In addition to this involvement, the APA has contributed to numerous newspaper, radio and local television features, at times being the central focus.

</doc>
<doc id="21487733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487733" title="MARTOC">
MARTOC

The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Overview Committee is an 11 member legislative body consisting of a chairman, a vice chairman, and nine members. The Committee operates as a Joint House and Senate Committee responsible for providing oversight of the Metro Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) and its annual budget.
Scope and jurisdiction.
MARTOC stands for the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Overview Committee. It has jurisdiction over the Metro Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA). As a joint committee with the House and Senate, MARTOC does not handle legislation nor does its members have a vote on the MARTA Board of Directors.
Members.
The 11 members of the MARTOC consists of four senators and seven representatives.
Senate members.
As of 2013, the senate members of the MARTOC are:
House members.
As of 2013, the house members of the MARTOC are:

</doc>
<doc id="21487757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487757" title="Cosmopolitan Bowl">
Cosmopolitan Bowl

The Cosmopolitan Bowl was a one-time postseason college football bowl game held in December, 1951 in Alexandria, Louisiana. The game featured and Louisiana College. McNeese State won, 13–6.

</doc>
<doc id="21487759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487759" title="Did Panas">
Did Panas

Petro Yukhymovych Vesklyarov () better known by his nickname Did Panas () (born in Talne, Ukraine - died January 5, 1994 in Kiev) was a Ukrainian theater and television actor. He was a Meritorious Artist of the Ukrainian SSR (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="21487766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487766" title="Hideaki Kobayashi (composer)">
Hideaki Kobayashi (composer)

Hideaki Kobayashi (小林秀聡, born October 18, 1973) is a game music composer for Sega. He is perhaps best known for his symphonic music in the Phantasy Star series.

</doc>
<doc id="21487793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487793" title="Paul Nicholls">
Paul Nicholls

Paul Nicholls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21487801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487801" title="Hansei University">
Hansei University

Hansei University () is a mid-sized University located in Gunpo City near Seoul, South Korea. It was established in 1953. 
The University originally started as the Full Gospel Theological College and changed its name to Soonshin University. In 1997, the name was finally changed to Hansei University. It has currently eight departments including Media and Communication Arts, Business Administration, Humanity and Social Science, Information Technology, Music, Design, and Nursing.
The university is widely recognized especially for choral music. Regarded as one of the top choral music universities in Eastern Asia, Hansei University boasts a choral music faculty of six professor/conductors on top of its 40+ music faculty. The university is planning to open an international school for choral music in 2015/16.

</doc>
<doc id="21487836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487836" title="East Dover, Nova Scotia">
East Dover, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487842" title="Great Santa Cruz Island">
Great Santa Cruz Island

Great Santa Cruz Island is a small inhabited island in Zamboanga City in the southern region of the Philippines that is famous for its pink coralline sand. The island, located south of downtown at the Santa Cruz Bank in the Basilan Strait, boasts the only pink sand beach in the Philippines. The color of the sand comes from the pulverized red organ pipe coral from eons of surf erosion mixed with the white sand.
The island has lost is popularity since the 1970s and early 1980s when is was frequented by German and Italian tourists. The degradation in the peace and order situation in the area has swayed potential visitors dwindling its popularity. The growing articles by bloggers who come to the island has renewed interests to the island.
Conservation.
The Great Santa Cruz Island together with Little Santa Cruz Island are protected areas in Region 9 of the Philippines. Jointly called the "Great and Little Sta. Cruz Islands Protected Landscape & Seascape", it was declared as such on April 23, 2000 with the signing of Proclamation No. 271. The park has a total area of .
Recent illegal coral reef mining has destroyed most of Great Santa Cruz Island's vast coral reef population leaving the former colorful corals into dead skeletal reefs. The city government of Zamboanga is planning to improve the island for the preservation, protection, conservation and rehabilitation of the island's ecosystem. The plan also involves developing the island for ecotourism. The improvement would include rehabilitating the present structures on the island. New infrastructures that need to be constructed would be low in profile using materials indigenous to the area, in hope of lessening its impact to the environment. The development plan is expected to be completed in 3 to 5 years time.
Getting to the island.
A trip to the island is booked inside Paseo del Mar.
Note.
Sadly though, recent activities of illegal coral reef mining has wiped out most of the Great Santa Cruz Island's vast and beautiful coral reef population. All that's left are the dead skeletons of what once were glorious shells and coral reefs. The numerous colorful fish and rich marine life is no longer there, but some adventurous fish life still comes to visit along with the well-guarded human visitors. No matter, the beach and water is still a thing of beauty, and well worth your endeavor. Thankfully, the thieves of nature cannot cause the same damage to nearby Little Santa Cruz Island because it is a guarded military installation, and the coral reef there is still healthy, and a possible source for restoration of the big island. Please help us restore the stolen beauty of the once spectacular coral reef of the Great Santa Cruz Island.

</doc>
<doc id="21487845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487845" title="Molly Bee">
Molly Bee

Molly Bee (August 18, 1939 – February 7, 2009), born Mollie Gene Beachboard, was an American country music singer famous for her 1952 recording of the early perennial, "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus", and as Pinky Lee's sidekick on "The Pinky Lee Show". 
Bee was also well known in the 1950s in Los Angeles, California as a regular on "Hometown Jamboree", a local television program featuring Tennessee Ernie Ford, later the host of NBC's "The Ford Show". She also appeared several times on "The Ford Show" during its five-year run (1956–1961).
Biography.
Bee, who was part Native American, was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on August 18, 1939, raised in Bell Buckle, Tennessee, until she and her family moved to Tucson, Arizona sometime in the 1940s. When Bee was a child, she wanted to be a "prima ballerina". While in Arizona, Bee was discovered by "singing cowboy" Rex Allen, a disc jockey in Tucson, when he heard her singing. Allen was impressed with Bee's voice, and had the ten-year-old sing "Lovesick Blues" on his popular radio show. 
In 1950, when Bee was 11, the Beachboard family moved to the Los Angeles area. She became a regular on "Hometown Jamboree" during the next two years, a KTLA-TV program produced at the American Legion Stadium in El Monte, California. It was later moved to the then-famous Harmony Park Ballroom in Anaheim in Orange County, California. The Saturday night stage show was hosted and produced by Cliffie Stone, who helped popularize country music in California. While in her teens, Bee sang on the "Jamboree", and gathered a large fan following. She was so popular, the program was sometimes referred to as "The "Molly Bee Show." The program gave a big break to many young singers, including Tommy Sands, who became a teen idol, and dated Bee in the 1950s. When she was 13, Bee signed on with Capitol Records and had her first major recording success with "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus", in 1952 She attended Rosemead High School and graduated from Hollywood High School.
In 1952, Bee was cast to play Pinky Lee’s sidekick on the nationally-televised children's program, "The Pinky Lee Show". In 1954, Bee joined Tennessee Ernie Ford in an NBC-TV daytime variety show which ran from January 3, 1955 to June 28, 1957. Before their performance of "Dim Lights, Thick Smoke (And Loud, Loud Music)", Ford teased Bee about her hair, which she wore in braids and complimented her "silver bell voice." Ford also coaxed her to yodel, a skill learned on the Tennessee farm where she spent her early years. Thereafter, her yodeling became a feature in most of her early appearances. She was quoted as saying that her nine years with the Tennessee Ernie Ford show were the most enjoyable years of her life; she was home most of the time and got to see her family every day. Bee's No. 1 hit was followed by three more hit singles, including "The Tennessee Tango". She had gone around the world by the time she was 19 years old. 
First appearing on screen in an RKO Pathe short subject film, "Molly Bee Sings," Bee also undertook a brief stage and film acting career in the 1950s and 1960s, appearing in "Corral Cuties", "Going Steady", "Chartroose Caboose" and "The Young Swingers", but once said she was "too shy" for an acting career. Bee appeared in 1958 with George Montgomery in an episode of NBC's "The Gisele MacKenzie Show". She guest-starred on other national television variety shows hosted by Red Foley and Steve Allen. 
During the 1960s, Bee was a regular headliner at major Las Vegas showrooms and briefly toured with Bob Hope's USO troupe. She also made frequent appearances on ABC-TV's "The Jimmy Dean Show". In 1966, Dick Clark and Barbara John put together a new show for NBC-TV, "Swingin' Country". It featured three regulars—Bee, Roy Clark and Rusty Draper. The show gained popularity, and the Armed Forces Radio and Television picked it up to be seen by over 250,000 military personnel worldwide. She was nominated in 1966 as "Best Television Personality" by The Academy of Country Music Awards. 
By the end of the 1960s, her career began to fade; in later years she blamed her decline on drug abuse. In 1975, in "Country Song Roundup" magazine, she was quoted as saying that through her children, she found "equilibrium." In the 1970s, Bee reconnected with Cliffie Stone and recorded two more albums to begin her comeback; and played small country bars and venues, very different scenes from the large concert audiences that she had attracted early in her career. Her daughters often performed with her. Bee then released the albums "Good Golly Ms. Molly" in 1975, this time on Stone's Granite record label; and in 1982, her final album, "Sounds Fine to Me". Although she was no longer touring, in April 1998, she was part of the playbill putting on a benefit for the Ivey Ranch Park for the physically and mentally handicapped in her city of residence, Oceanside, California.
By the 1990s she owned a restaurant and night club in Oceanside, known as The Molly Bee. She was quoted as having said, "I've done it all, and lived to tell about it". She remembered working with "incredible people and always into where the action was. I wouldn't trade it for the world." "Mine has been like six lifetimes rolled into one."
Personal life.
Bee was married at least five times—she called herself "the Zsa Zsa Gabor of the country music set." 
She had two daughters, Lia Genn and Bobbi Carey, and one son, Michael Allen. Her marriage to country singer Ira Allen lasted ten years.
Death.
Bee, who in her later years went by Molly Muncy offstage, died on February 7, 2009, at Tri-City Medical Center in Oceanside of complications related to a stroke. She was 69 and lived in Carlsbad, California. In addition to her son Michael Allen of Napa, California, Bee was survived by daughters Lia Genn of Winchester, California, Bobbi Carey of Oceanside, brother Robert Beachboard of Escondido, California (Died 2012), and four grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="21487851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487851" title="Hanoimilk">
Hanoimilk

Hanoimilk JSC (HASTC:HNM) is a food company of Vietnam, producing mainly milk and dairy products, as well as working in animal husbandry and agriculture. It is located in Vĩnh Phúc in the Red River Delta in north Vietnam, and is listed on the Hanoi Securities Trading Center.

</doc>
<doc id="21487854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487854" title="William F. Cellini">
William F. Cellini

William F. Cellini (born November 5, 1934) is co-founder of the New Frontier Companies, a group of Illinois-based real estate companies with headquarters in Chicago that employ more than 250 people statewide. He was previously the chairman of the NYSE-listed Argosy Gaming Company, was the treasurer of the Sangamon County Republican Party and has held several public offices within the state of Illinois. 
Mr. Cellini has served on the boards of Lakeside Bank of Chicago, the Illinois National Bank of Springfield, Roosevelt National Life Insurance Company, Illinois College Board of Trustees, and the Boys & Girls Club of Springfield, Illinois. He was the statewide chairman of the USO, and has appeared on numerous professional panels for the road building industry. In 2007 he received the Bradley University Department of Engineering Outstanding Achievement Award. He is a member of the Lanphier High School Hall of Fame. From 1957 to 1988, Cellini served in the Illinois National Guard and retired under the rank of Colonel after 31 years of service. 
A classically trained musician, he plays piano and had a dance band that played throughout the Midwest from 1953 to 1969. He was elected chairman of the "American Federation of Musicians Local 19" and he remains a lifetime member of the American Federation of Musicians
Early life.
William Cellini was born in Springfield, Illinois, in 1934. His family lived and worked in the blue-collar North End of Springfield. From the 1930s until the 1960s, the neighborhood where he lived was an enclave of Southern and Eastern European families. Most of the fathers on his block were coal miners or worked in Springfield's factories. His father, William Cellini Sr., was a coal miner and amateur boxer from the age of 12 until he was 22 when he became a 37-year member of the Springfield Police Department working the 11pm to 7am shift for 20 of those years. During Cellini's childhood, his mother Edith took in laundry and worked as a waitress at their family's restaurant. Later in life, she was a cashier in the office of the Sangamon County Treasurer.
Cellini was president of his graduating grade school class and attended Lanphier High School, graduating in 1952. He was the first member of his immediate family to attend college, and graduated with a degree in physics from Illinois College in the late 1950s. In 1960, he was on faculty at Niantic-Harristown High School in Niantic, Illinois, where he taught physics, algebra and English. To help pay his way through college, Cellini toured and played dances in Central Illinois with his own bands, "The Hi-Fis" and the "Bill Cellini Orchestra". His first professional job was in 1953 at The Skyrocket Inn, a nightclub on the North End of Springfield.
Family.
In 1966, he married Julianna (England) Cellini, a former reporter and now free-lance writer. They reside in Springfield and are the parents of William Jr., a documentary film maker, and Claudia, who owns and operates The Third Line in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Both William Jr. and Claudia work as directors in their family's business. William and Julianna also have one grandchild who lives with her parents and her three saluki rescues in Dubai.
Career.
After graduating from Illinois College in 1958, Cellini ran for his first public office as police magistrate of Springfield but lost his bid for election. Cellini went on to lose another election for Circuit Clerk of Sangamon County, Illinois, but eventually won a seat on the Sangamon County Board of Supervisors in 1961. In 1963, he was elected to serve on the Springfield City Council as Commissioner of Public Works. At 28, he was the youngest man ever elected to the Springfield City Council and the youngest to head its public works department. He was re-elected in 1967 having no opposition.
In 1969, Governor Richard B. Ogilvie appointed William Cellini to be the Director of Public Works and Buildings for Illinois. In 1971, he was appointed Illinois' first Secretary of Transportation and directed several thousand employees while administering an annual budget of over a billion dollar dollars in public works programs.
In April 1972, the Illinois State Senate unanimously confirmed Cellini as the first secretary of the newly created Illinois Department of Transportation, putting him in charge of 10,000 employees and a budget of more than $1.5 billion. The election of Democrat Dan Walker as Governor the following year ended Cellini's career in state government.
Beginning in 1974, Cellini embarked on a long and successful career in the private sector. With his business partner Larry Haddad, he co-founded the New Frontier Companies, a full service real estate development firm, and in addition, Cellini became executive director of the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association. 
Cellini remained politically active in the private sector serving as Treasurer of the Sangamon County Republican Central Committee in Springfield. In the mid-1970s, he was appointed by the President of the United States to serve on the National Highway Safety Advisory Committee and in 1976 at the age of 41, Cellini was a delegate to the Republican National Convention in Kansas City, Missouri where from the floor of the convention hall he seconded the nomination of Gerald R. Ford for President by giving a brief speech he wrote on the back of a campaign sign. 
In 1977, Cellini and Haddad formed New Frontier Management Corporation, a company that has overseen the management, rent-up and asset management of over 17,000 housing units throughout the United States. In 1989 he founded Pacific Management Inc., from which he is now retired. In addition to these business ventures, Cellini took an active role in commercial product design by inventing and patenting two types of Shower Enlarger curtain rods which maximize bathtub showering space and are currently used in many hotels across the United States. 
From 1973 to the present Cellini, as Executive Director, along with Dr. Marvin Traylor, has managed the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association, the Illinois Association of Wastewater Agencies, the Illinois Concrete Pipe Association and PCI of Illinois and Wisconsin.
Argosy Gaming.
In 1990, Cellini and group of ten entrepreneurs created Metro Entertainment and Tourism to obtain the first casino license in Illinois. The group was successful in winning the license and went on to create the Alton Riverboat Gambling Partnership in Alton, Illinois. This partnership included tennis star Jimmy Connors. After an extensive government vetting and qualifying process, Cellini became the co-founder of Argosy Gaming Company in 1999, a New York Stock Exchange traded entity. The company's first gambling license cost the company $85,000 but later blossomed into a value of $500 million with six casinos.
Commonwealth Realty Advisors.
In 1989, William Cellini and Earl Deutsch founded Commonwealth Realty Advisors (CRA). The firm was a highly successful real-estate investment company focused on asset management of commercial real estate. Its clients included union and public pension funds and its most successful client was the Teachers Retirement System of Illinois (TRS). According to numbers confirmed by TRS, the retirement system earned a 14.38% return during CRA's 17 year management. So successful was their management of assets that the executive director of TRS publicly commended CRA's performance as one of the pension fund's top-performing real-estate managers. CRA earned double-digit returns for teachers' system over a period of 17 years and grew to manage approximately $2 billion in gross assets before its closure in 2009.
In the fall of 2006, TRS said that Commonwealth was one of the system’s biggest moneymakers, earning the pension fund about 20 percent over the previous five years. “They have made a ton of money for us,” TRS executive director Jon Bauman told The State Journal-Register at the time. “They’re probably our top-performing real-estate manager.”
CRA earned double-digit returns for the system and grew to manage approximately $2 billion in gross assets before its closure in 2009 while returning approximately $1 billion in distributions to the fund. TRS officials confirmed that the teachers earned a 14.38% return during CRA's 17 year management.
Indictment.
On October 30, 2008 Cellini was indicted on charges of conspiring with a convicted fundraiser named Tony Rezko to obtain money from an investment firm for campaign contributions to a public official who was believed to be Illinois' Governor Rod Blagojevich. The indictment said that Cellini aided Rezko, Levine and another, unnamed co-conspirator to raise campaign contributions. The supposed objective was to get the money from Capri Capital and one of its owners, Hollywood producer, Thomas Rosenberg
In a separate trial, Tony Rezko was ultimately acquitted of charges related to an extortion plot involving Rosenberg and Capri Capital.
According to the government indictment against Cellini, he tried to block Capri from getting a contract to manage money in the Teachers Retirement System unless Rosenberg made substantial payments to the Governor. After Rosenberg threatened to report an extortion, the plan was allegedly backed off and Capri supposedly got the contract.
Cellini's attorney Dan Webb released a statement saying that his client, "is completely innocent of these charges, and he will fight this case because he has done absolutely nothing wrong. Bill has lived an exemplary life as a successful businessman and devoted husband and father, and he will not allow his reputation to be damaged by these unfair and unjust charges. Bill is confident that a jury will find him not guilty.".
Trial.
On October 5, 2011, after vetting potential jurors, Judge James Zagel finalized the selection of twelve jurors and four alternates. The defense made a motion under "Batson v. Kentucky", asserting that the government unfairly eliminated minorities from the jury. The defense reasoned that of the six permitted removals, the government eliminated four minorities; of the two permitted alternate removals, both were minorities. The government countered the defense was attempting to unfairly remove white men from the jury pool, arguing of the ten permitted removals seven were white men. Judge Zagel denied both motions but ordered each side to present its reasons for juror removal in a sealed envelope for purposes of appellate review. Speculation in the courtroom surmised that the government believed minorities would not view the government’s case favorably because of the immunity and plea bargains offered to most prosecution witnesses. Particularly Stuart P. Levine, who was described by both sides as having committed numerous crimes including drug use and dealing—yet has not served a single day in prison.
While prosecution provided evidence against Cellini during Levine's testimony, Levine's credibility was called into question. Under questioning by Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher Niewoehner, Levine gave mostly monotone answers about malfeasance while he served on the board at the Illinois Teachers' Retirement System- TRS. At one point on the stand, Levine became flustered when his cell phone rang and he struggled to silence it. Levine finally handed it over to Niewoehner.
Under cross-examination Levine’s conduct changed. In contrast to his rapid mechanical answers offered to the prosecution, Levine stalled continuously when recalling his own testimony offered hours prior. He appeared disoriented, pausing for 10 seconds or longer as the courtroom grew quiet. Webb hit Levine with a barrage of questions about how much money he stole, how many institutions he cheated and how he felt about his actions. Levine had no answer when Webb asked how many dishonest acts he had committed.
On October 19, Tom Rosenberg took the stand as a government witness. After cooperating for months with the FBI, Rosenberg was granted immunity in exchange for his testimony. Prosecutors portrayed Rosenberg as an un-willing participant in the political contribution scheme. This stood in direct contrast to Levine's sworn testimony about Rosenberg’s influence. At times, Rosenberg aided Cellini's case by testifying Cellini never asked him to make a political contribution nor asked for any money. “Never in 30 years,” Rosenberg said of his longtime business friend. Rosenberg also claimed Levine never wanted money from him. 
Closing arguments were presented to the jury on October 25. Prosecutors contended Cellini was at the center of a plot to extort Thomas Rosenberg. Defense attorney Dan Webb said Cellini was used by Levine and was made a scapegoat by the government. The prosecution emphasized the calls between Levine and Cellini recorded by the FBI and claimed, because Cellini was talking on the phone during the time of the alleged extortion plot, it made him a willing member of the plot. Webb contended while Cellini talked to Levine, he never told him he gave Rosenberg an extortion message. “I want you to read every page of this transcript,” Webb told jurors. “Cellini does not pass on the extortion message. It’s not there.”
Webb explained Cellini wasn’t in meetings when a supposed conspiracy was planned. "‘didn’t know what took place during them and would never have received any money as a result of the conspiracy. In fact, Cellini didn’t even know Levine, Kelly and Rezko were conspiring to extort Rosenberg’, Webb said." Prosecutors rebutted saying it was irrelevant whether Cellini told Rosenberg he had to pay.
A crucial moment of the alleged extortion involved a call mentioned on the stand by Levine. He claimed Cellini helped plot a scheme with him. But evidence in court showed that the government never recorded that call. Webb drove home this fact to the jury, that out of all the calls the government recorded between Levine and Cellini, it did not record one on May 2 in which Levine allegedly told to deliver the extortion threat to Rosenberg. “We have no tape recording,” Webb said. “We have nothing but Levine’s testimony.” 
On November 1, 2011, the jury returned a verdict of not guilty on all but two counts. In speaking with the press, Cellini’s attorney provided the following statement: 
"We are very gratified that the jury found Mr. Cellini not guilty of the most serious charges in the indictment. Mr. Cellini was found not guilty of the major conspiracy count, Count 1, in which the Government alleged a conspiracy to commit honest services crimes for 15 months. Further, the jury found Mr. Cellini not guilty of even attempting to extort money from Mr. Rosenberg, Count 3. Whatever the jury determined Mr. Cellini did to be guilty of a conspiracy to commit extortion, Count 2, that conduct did not even rise to the level of being an attempted extortion."
"As far as the counts on which Mr. Cellini was found guilty, we are confident we will be able to obtain a reversal on appeal."
After the conviction, Dan Webb filed a motion for a mistrial based on the premise a juror showed bias towards the legal system by concealing several felony records during pre-trial questioning. On January 24, 2012, Judge Zagel denied the mistrial request claiming the juror showed no legal evidence of bias.
Sentencing.
In their pre-sentencing report, the defense reminded Zagel how the trial proved Cellini did not know of an extortion plot nor did he ever extort any money. Additionally, they cited the fact his health took a setback in 2012 following a heart attack and a blot clot in a major artery. At the sentencing on October 4, 2012, defense asked for probation while the prosecution requested a more meaningful sentence. In a packed court room attended by hundreds of Cellini supporters, Judge Zagel commented on the letters he received from friends and acquaintances of Cellini, yet impressed upon the fact how his actions were not to be diminished in light of the verdict. "Zagel said he considered the 364 letters he received detailing Cellini’s extensive acts of kindness to people who had no way of repaying him and his many years of service to the Springfield community to be “a significant mitigating factor” in determining his sentence. He also took Cellini’s health into consideration". A sentence of twelve months and one day incarceration and a payment of over $75,000 in fines was levied by the judge.
In November, 2012, Cellini's lawyers waived their right to an appeal stating that fighting the conviction would entail on-going years of stress for Cellini and his family. "If this conviction is a travesty of the system...if Cellini is caught in a net that was cast one person too wide, it would be a shame for him to not know how the story ends."
He reported to an Indiana prison on January 22nd according to http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/chi-state-power-broker-bill-cellini-reports-to-federal-prison-in-indiana-20130122,0,1468287.story.

</doc>
<doc id="21487870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487870" title="Little Santa Cruz Island">
Little Santa Cruz Island

Little Santa Cruz Island is located 3.5 km (2.17 mi) south of downtown Zamboanga City, on the Basilan Strait.

</doc>
<doc id="21487873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487873" title="Gypsy Gyppo String Band">
Gypsy Gyppo String Band

The Gypsy Gyppo String Band was an American an old-time music band, based in Seattle, Washington. 
Active in the 1970s, it brought a contemporary sensibility to this music, treating it "as source material rather than holy writ." The band played a key role in reviving this music, bringing it out to the dying milieu of Grange halls and the somewhat-staid milieu of organized Modern Western square dance to a hip, young urban audience. It laid the foundation of a square dance and contra dance scene in and around Seattle that continues to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="21487881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487881" title="East Jeddore, Nova Scotia">
East Jeddore, Nova Scotia

History.
Battle at Winnepang (Jeddore Harbour).
During the Mi’kmaq and Maliseet War, in July 1722 the Abenaki made an effort to create a blockade of the capital of Nova Scotia Annapolis Royal. They captured 18 fishing vessels along with prisoners between present-day Yarmouth and Canso. They also captured vessels and took prisoners from the Bay of Fundy. 
Governor Richard Philipps commissioned Capt. John Eliot and Capt. John Robinson in two sloops with regiments to protect the fishery at Canso, Nova Scotia and retrieve the captured vessels and prisoners. Toward this end, Capt. Eliot made a surprise attack on forty Natives on a ship at present-day Jeddore Harbour. The natives were among six of the fishing vessels they had seized. There was a 30 minute battle. Capt. Eliot was badly wounded as were several of his men. One was killed. Then Capt. Eliot lobbed a hand granadoes (type of hand grenade) into the native vessel. Some natives were killed in the explosion. Others tried to swim ashore as they were being shot by the New Englanders. Thirty-five Natives were killed. The New Englanders managed to rescue fifteen prisoners from the vessels, while discovering that nine had been killed. 
Captain Robinson captured two of the vessels and killed numerous Maine natives . He then arrived at present-day Lunenburg, Nova Scotia where the natives held five of the fishing vessels along with twenty prisoners. Robinson paid a ransom and they were released.

</doc>
<doc id="21487884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487884" title="Argentometry">
Argentometry

In analytical chemistry, argentometry is a type of titration involving the silver(I) ion. Typically, it is used to determine the amount of chloride present in a sample. The sample solution is titrated against a solution of silver nitrate of known concentration. Chloride ions react with silver(I) ions to give the insoluble silver chloride:
Volhard method.
An example of back titration, the Volhard method, named after Jacob Volhard, involves the addition of excess silver nitrate to the analyte; the silver chloride is filtered, and the remaining silver nitrate is titrated against ammonium thiocyanate, with ferric ammonium sulfate as an indicator which forms blood-red at the end point:
Mohr method.
In the Mohr method, named after Karl Friedrich Mohr, potassium chromate is an indicator, giving red silver chromate after all chloride ions have reacted:
The solution needs to be near neutral, because silver hydroxide forms at high pH, while the chromate forms H2CrO4 at low pH, reducing the concentration of chromate ions, and delaying the formation of the precipitate. Carbonates and phosphates precipitate with silver, and need to be absent to prevent inaccurate results.
The Mohr method may be adapted to determine the total chlorine content of a sample by igniting the sample with calcium, then ferric acetate. Calcium acetate "fixes" free chlorine, precipitates carbonates, and neutralizes the resultant solution. Ferric acetate removes phosphates. All chlorides are dissolved out of the residue, and titrated.
Fajans method.
In the Fajans method, named after Kazimierz Fajans, typically dichlorofluorescein is used as an indicator; the end-point is marked by the green suspension turning pink. Prior to the end-point of the titration, chloride ions remain in excess. They adsorb on the AgCl surface, imparting a negative charge to the particles. Past the equivalence point, excess silver(I) ions adsorb on the AgCl surface, imparting a positive charge. Anionic dyes such as dichlorofluorescein are attracted to the particles, and undergo a color change upon adsorption, representing the end-point. Eosin (tetrabromofluorescein) is suitable for titrating against bromide, iodide, and thiocyanate anions, giving a sharper end-point than dichlorofluorescein. It is not suitable for titrating against chloride anions because it binds to AgCl more strongly than chloride does.

</doc>
<doc id="21487888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487888" title="Great Ice Odyssey">
Great Ice Odyssey

Great Ice Odyssey (full title: "Walt Disney's Great Ice Odyssey") is a Disney on Ice show produced by Irvin and Kenneth Feld, as a follow-up to "Walt Disney's World on Ice". It first opened in 1982.
Plot.
It is a time of celebration at the Magic Kingdom for it is the 55th anniversary of Mickey Mouse & Minnie Mouse's relationship. After the park closes for the evening, Tigger, Winnie the Pooh and many other characters come out to celebrate the happy occasion.
Unbeknownst to them, however, The Evil Queen from Snow White, in her Castle of Sorrow, dislikes the idea of happiness and asks The Magic Mirror, "Magic Mirror On the Wall, tell me who dares to be more full of happiness than me." The Magic Mirror informs her of Mickey & Minnie's celebration; displeasing her. She plans to end their happiness before midnight.
Meanwhile, Mickey & Minnie make plans of their own: to celebrate their occasion, they would do so with a big dress ball, with a special guest—Prince Charming, who has been searching for his true love. Cinderella is pleased to go to the ball, but her jealous stepsisters, Anastasia and Drizella will not stand for it, so they destroy her dress and leave her to clean up the mess they make. However, her Fairy Godmother appears to fix everything, by instantly cleaning up the mess and by turning Cinderella's old dress into a brand-new, more beautiful gown and a pumpkin into a magnificent coach with which for her to get to the ball on time.
In her castle, meanwhile, The Evil Queen is working to come up with a spell to turn happiness into misery. She finally decides on enchanted ruby amulets to do the trick and summons a pair of ravens. She puts an amulet around each of their necks and dispatches them to test the amulets' powers on the first victim they find.
Mickey and Minnie plan to invite The Three Little Pigs to the ball as well, and they drive off in Goofy's jalopy to do it, but the pigs are hesitant, because they are being threatened by The Big Bad Wolf. The first pig takes refuge in his house of straw, then in the second pig's house of sticks, and finally, the third pig's house of bricks, as the first two houses fall victim to the wolf's blowing them down, but as the wolf reaches the Practical Pig's brick house with a machine, the queen's ravens arrive and use the amulets around their necks to put the wolf under their spell.
The ravens bring the now-terrified wolf before the queen, who then asks The Magic Mirror confidently of her plans to eradicate the two mice's happiness, only to be threatened by more bad news of not one, but "two" more happy couples: Donald Duck & Daisy Duck and Prince Charming & Cinderella, so the queen sends the ravens to the ball to ruin their joy for good.
The ball commenced with a grand parade. No sooner do Mickey, Minnie and the prince arrive than Cinderella's own arrival steal the heart of the prince. The ball commences, but it does not stay commenced for long, for as the clock strikes midnight, the queen's spell is cast, suspending everything in time. Meanwhile, the ravens arrive and kidnap the ladies (with Goofy in tow). When the spell wears off and everyone comes out of their trance, Mickey, Donald and Prince Charming not only find their respective ladies vanished, but everything happy turned to sorrow. Cinderella's Fairy Godmother then appears to inform them of the whereabouts of the ladies in the queen's Castle of Sorrow, so they all set off on their journey to save the day.
In a dungeon in the Castle of Sorrow, Minnie, Daisy, Cinderella and Goofy are imprisoned. The Captain of the Guards torments them, at Goofy's expense. The captain then knocks himself out against the cell door and the prisoners try to flee after they swipe his keys, but Goofy's progress is a bit too loud for them to go any further before The Evil Queen has her guards put the four back in their cell, whereupon the queen freezes them in a solid block of ice. She then turns back to The Maggic Mirror to ask of her plan. Alas, the mirror only provided still more bad news: Mickey, Donald and Prince Charming are nearing the castle as they head through The Frightening Forest, so the queen sends her guards and The Big Bad Wolf to eliminate the heroes for good, but the heroes defeat the guards easily; Donald surprisingly providing much of the victory. However, The Big Bad Wolf goes to warn The Evil Queen of the heroes' arrival. She then summons the Dragon of the Double Doom to help her do in the heroes once and for all.
Mickey Mouse does battle against The Evil Queen, Donald Duck against The Big Bad Wolf and Prince Charming against the dragon. When the prince slices the dragon in half, two more replace it. At this sight, Donald blacks out. As he does so, however, he completely vanquishes the wolf. The prince, redoubling his efforts, quickly eliminated both demons. Mickey, meanwhile, still had his gloved hands full with The Evil Queen, who keeps eluding him. Soon, Mickey spots several flashlights, which eliminate The Evil Queen, but the three heroes still have the problem of freeing the prisoners from the tomb. Cinderella's Fairy Godmother arrives to provide the solution: only the power of love can melt the ice. So the prince sings of his love for Cinderella. In doing so, the icy cage glows warmly and brightly until the ladies and Goofy are finally broken free!
They do not have much time to greet each other, for they had to hurry; Disneyland is due to open very soon, so they quickly return to Disneyland for an even bigger celebration: the triumph of good over evil.

</doc>
<doc id="21487889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487889" title="Ruditapes largillierti">
Ruditapes largillierti

Ruditapes largillierti, is a saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams. Moderately large for genus (45-65 mm long), elongate and subrectangular, thick and solid, with smooth ventral margin.
It has limited use to people and the seafood industry because it resides in very deep Ocean water and contains a very common pearl.

</doc>
<doc id="21487895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487895" title="Anderson Dome">
Anderson Dome

Anderson Dome is a prominent ice-covered dome mountain rising to on the east side of Gopher Glacier, east of the similar-appearing Bonnabeau Dome, in the Jones Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by them for Joe M. Anderson, a United States Geological Survey topographic engineer with the party.

</doc>
<doc id="21487900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487900" title="Vitali Island">
Vitali Island

Vitali Island is the largest of the 28 offshore islands that constitute the city of Zamboanga in the Republic of the Philippines. 
Geography.
The island is located on the beautiful Moro Gulf about NNE of the city downtown, from the border of the province of Zamboanga del Sur, and east of the mainland Barangay of Mangusu of Zamboanga City. At its longest, the island is about long, and at its widest, about .
Barangays.
The island is made up of two barangays:
Transportation.
Vitali Island is accessible by vinta from Brgy Mangusu.

</doc>
<doc id="21487909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487909" title="Gopher Glacier">
Gopher Glacier

Gopher Glacier () is a glacier descending from Christoffersen Heights and draining north between Bonnabeau Dome and Anderson Dome, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped and named by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61; "Gopher" is the nickname of the University of Minnesota and of the State.

</doc>
<doc id="21487914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487914" title="Manalipa">
Manalipa

Manalipa (also known as Malanipa) is one of the 28 offshore islands of the City of Zamboanga in southern Philippines. Located about east of the southern tip of the island is Little Manalipa Island (also known as Little Malanipa Island).
Location.
The island is located about east of downtown Zamboanga City, and southeast of Sacol Island, on the beautiful Moro Gulf.
Communities.
The barangay of Manalipa, the lone community on the island, has population of 1,674 (as of August 1, 2007).
Features.
Scuba diving is very good around the island.

</doc>
<doc id="21487922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487922" title="East Petpeswick, Nova Scotia">
East Petpeswick, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487924" title="Bonnabeau Dome">
Bonnabeau Dome

Bonnabeau Dome is a prominent ice-covered dome mountain rising on the west side of Gopher Glacier, west of the similar-appearing Anderson Dome, in the Jones Mountains. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by them for Dr. Raymond C. Bonnabeau, Jr., medical doctor with the party.

</doc>
<doc id="21487928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487928" title="Grape (disambiguation)">
Grape (disambiguation)

A grape is a fruit that grows on the vines of plants in the genus "Vitis".
"Grape" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21487937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487937" title="Workout (song)">
Workout (song)

"WorkOut" is the second single from RuPaul's album "Red Hot". The song is a dance/house song about feeling liberated while dancing. The expression "work out" is (not exclusively) gay slang for expressing one's self exuberantly; it is similar to RuPaul's coined phrase "You better work!". Two versions of the single were made available; one version, with 8 tracks, was released by RuPaul on her own RuCo, Inc. label. The other version, a 3 track version released only in Germany, was released on the Dance Street label.
Music video.
The music video was catered to club play and features a montage of RuPaul in different outfits singing the song in locations such as a roof top and a dance club.
Credits and personnel.
Source: 

</doc>
<doc id="21487949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487949" title="Christoffersen Heights">
Christoffersen Heights

Christoffersen Heights () are broad snow-covered heights which form the south-central portion of the Jones Mountains, southward of Bonnabeau Dome and Anderson Dome. They were mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Ernest H. Christoffersen, U.S. Navy Reserve, co-pilot of ski-equipped LC-47 Dakota aircraft on pioneering flights from Byrd Station to the Eights Coast area in November 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="21487951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487951" title="Sacol">
Sacol

Sacol is an island in Zamboanga City, Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="21487957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487957" title="East Quoddy, Nova Scotia">
East Quoddy, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21487962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487962" title="Abdul Rasul (Iraqi scientist)">
Abdul Rasul (Iraqi scientist)

Abdul Rasul was an Iraqi nuclear engineer and a nuclear scientist. He was the central figure in Iraq's nuclear weapon program and is considered a nuclear weapon technologist. He was the head of Iraq's nuclear program from 1973 until 1981. He was heavily involved in France-Iraq nuclear cooperation deal. During his visit to France, he was poisoned at a Paris lunch by Mossad and died in 1981. Tzipi Livni, Israel's prominent and powerful politician is believed to be involved in his murder. He worked at Osirak, which was a nuclear reactor site reportedly involved in the development of nuclear weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="21487972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487972" title="Delaware Offshore Wind Farm">
Delaware Offshore Wind Farm

The Delaware Offshore Wind Farm is a proposed offshore wind farm project, to be situated off the Delaware coast. It is one of many major off-shore wind farms that have been proposed on the East Coast of the United States. Other similar projects include installations in Massachusetts, and New Jersey.
Offshore wind farms are a key part of the Obama administration, which is promoting a $150 billion government program for reduced carbon emissions and 5 million new "green collar" jobs.
Details.
The Delaware Project came closer to reality when Delmarva Power of Delaware agreed to purchase 200 megawatts of power from a large wind farm to be operated by Bluewater Wind offshore from Rehoboth Beach, Delaware.
Originally planned to be 600 MW, the Delaware project is expected to be built as 200 MW initially, and is frequently referred to as the Bluewater Wind Park, although Bluewater Wind is also planning wind parks in four other states, New York, New Jersey, Maryland, and Rhode Island.
The Delaware project is spearheaded by Bluewater Wind, LLC, an alternative energy company owned by the investment firm Babcock & Brown. Hundreds of large and small companies are participating in major offshore wind farms, including ABB, Aeorads, Downes Associates Ltd., Fluor Corporation, Ramboll, Tetra Tech, Inc., and Vestas.
Environmental impact.
Environmental information, including environmental impact statements, for the Delaware Offshore Wind Farm are published by the Aeorads Company, an information technology company in the alternative energy industry that collects, publishes, and analyzes real-time and historical Internet-based information for proposed and existing wind, solar, geothermal, biofuel and other alternative energy facilities in the U.S. and throughout the world. Energy Information Administration, U.S. Department of Energy;

</doc>
<doc id="21487979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487979" title="Haskell Glacier">
Haskell Glacier

Haskell Glacier () is a small glacier descending from the Christoffersen Heights and draining west between Prism Ridge and the Forbidden Rocks, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Hugh B. Haskell, U.S. Navy, co-pilot on a pioneer flight of November 25, 1961 from Byrd Station to establish Sky-High Camp (later Eights Station) at .

</doc>
<doc id="21487980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487980" title="Bhopalgarh">
Bhopalgarh

Bhopalgarh is a town located in the Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India. It is a panchayat village and headquarters of the Bhopalgarh Taluka.
Demographics.
In the 2001 India census, the town of Bhopalgarh had a population of 19,078. Males constituted 9,907 (51.9%) of the population and females 9,171 (48.1%), for a gender ratio of 926 females per thousand males. It is located in the Thar Desert, 90 km by road northeast of the city of Jodhpur, and 76 km by road west of Merta City in Nagaur District.
some of the villages which come in bhopalgarh town are:
1. sopra,bhopalgarh
2.bhagoriya
3.kuri
4.tambariya
5.ratkuriya
6.heradeshar
Sopra is the nearest village from Bhopalgarh (9 km away), it is a small village mostly inhabited by jat families around 300 jat, and all godaras, families are there in the village, other than that there are SC and ST people also but in a very few number. Main occupation of the villagers is agriculture. Education is poor but now awareness is being spread about education and village children used to go to nearby cities and Bhopalgarh for schooling.
Temple of Bhomiaji Maharaj.
It is located on a small hill outside the village SOPRA nearby a pond.

</doc>
<doc id="21487981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487981" title="Ervin Baktay">
Ervin Baktay

Ervin Baktay (1890–1963; born Ervin Gottesmann) was an author noted for popularizing Indian culture in Hungary.
He had started his career as a painter and he encouraged his niece Amrita Sher-Gil to pursue art. Baktay gave up painting to study eastern religions and art, and became a renowned Indologist.
Family.
Ervin Baktay was uncle to artist Amrita Sher-Gil and nephew to Nagybánya artist Alfréd Gottesmann (1872-1965).

</doc>
<doc id="21487996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21487996" title="Forbidden Rocks">
Forbidden Rocks

The Forbidden Rocks () are a linear rock outcrop, long, located on the western edge of the Christoffersen Heights and between Haskell Glacier and Walk Glacier, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica. They were mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960–61, and so named by the party because the rocks were inaccessible from their northwest approach because of crevasse fields.

</doc>
<doc id="21488002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488002" title="Walk Glacier">
Walk Glacier

Walk Glacier () is a glacier descending westward from Christoffersen Heights, to the south of Forbidden Rocks, in the Jones Mountains. Mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party, 1960-61. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Donald R. Walk, U.S. Navy, medical officer and officer in charge of Byrd Station, 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="21488087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488087" title="Like Wow! (album)">
Like Wow! (album)

Like Wow! was the unreleased debut album of Leslie Carter; Carter was dropped by Dreamworks Records and the album's release was canceled. However, the album has leaked and is now available as a digital download. Promo versions of the CD also became available on the secondary market.

</doc>
<doc id="21488088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488088" title="Jacob Breda Bull">
Jacob Breda Bull

Jacob Breda Bull (28 March 1853, Rendalen – 1930) was a Norwegian author. 
Bull is best known for the novel "Vesleblakken" and for other novels and stories about descriptions of folk life in the Østerdalen valley. He also wrote historical novels, contemporary novels and poetry. 
Bull was born in Rendalen, the son of the priest Matthias Bull (1815-1876) and Henriette Magrethe Breda. As a student he received the university grade “haud laudibilis” (not without praise) in May 1876, and then served a year as a teacher at Nickelsen’s Girl’s School in Kristiania. In April 1878 he founded the newspaper "Dagen" ('The Day') and subsequently earned his living as a journalist. He served as leader of the Norwegian Authors' Union from 1900 to 1903. 
He married Gunvor Sophie Rytter Saws (1843–1882) on 29 December 1876, and was married a second time with Anna Maria Augusta Bergløf (born in Stockholm 1855) on 9 January 1883. He was the father of Olaf Bull and grandfather of Jan Bull, both poets. 
The old rectory in Rendalen, where he grew up, is now Bull's Museum, a biographical and cultural history museum. Rendalen municipality has since 1997 yearly awarded Vesleblakkenprisen, named after one of Bull's work, to individuals or organizations who have excelled in altruistic work.

</doc>
<doc id="21488095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488095" title="The Sky Kings">
The Sky Kings

The Sky Kings was an American country music supergroup formed in 1991 as Four Wheel Drive. The band consisted of John Cowan, Bill Lloyd, Patrick Simmons and Rusty Young. They were signed to a recording deal with RCA Nashville and completed an album which for the label was never released.
Warner Bros. Records signed the group in 1993. Threatened with lawsuits from bands who had copyrighted the name Four Wheel Drive, they secured the rights to the name The Sky Kings. After opening for The Doobie Brothers on their 1993 tour, Simmons left The Sky Kings to rejoin The Doobie Brothers. Now a trio, The Sky Kings released three singles on Warner Bros.: "Picture Perfect," "Fooled Around and Fell in Love" and "That Just About Says It All." "Picture Perfect" was the only single to chart, peaking at No. 52 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. An eponymous album was scheduled to be released in 1997, but eventually shelved. Rhino Handmade released "From Out of the Blue", an album which collected the entire unreleased 1997 Warner Bros. album, non-album Warner Bros. singles, and recordings and demos made for a second unreleased Warner Bros. album, in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="21488101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488101" title="Osama Hassan Ahmed">
Osama Hassan Ahmed

Osama Hassan Ahmed (اسامة حسان أحمد) was arrested in September 1998 in the United Kingdom, and accused of membership in al-Jihad.
He was arrested as part of Operation Challenge, which arrested seven men living in Britain through use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989, accusing them of links to al-Jihad. One of the men was charged with possession of a weapon. Six months after the arrests, British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men.

</doc>
<doc id="21488105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488105" title="Sherard Parker">
Sherard Parker

Sherard Parker (born 14 February 1977) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared on the Australian Television series "MDA" (2005) and in the CIA thriller "The Recruit" (2003).
Biography.
Career.
Parker's first appeared in Roger Donaldson's CIA thriller "The Recruit" (2003), starring Al Pacino, followed by the acclaimed Australian short "The Good Samaritan" (2005), which was featured across several international films festivals. In 2008, he appeared in the critically acclaimed adaptation of Louise M. Alcott's "Little Women", playing the odd-ball Professor "Bhaer" at the Singapore Repertory Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="21488117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488117" title="Mini-shinkansen">
Mini-shinkansen

Concept.
The Mini-shinkansen concept was first developed in JNR days, but was not formally proposed until November 1987, following the formation of East Japan Railway Company (JR East). The concept involved regauging existing gauge lines to standard gauge and linking them to the Shinkansen network to allow through-running. While the track gauge was widened, the loading gauge remained unchanged, requiring the construction of new shinkansen trains with a narrower cross-section. These would be capable of running at high-speed (the E6 series trains have a maximum speed capability of 320 km/h) on Shinkansen tracks, either on their own or coupled to full-sized sets, and run at conventional narrow-gauge speeds (around 130 km/h) on the mini-shinkansen tracks. Speeds on converted lines would also be raised where possible.
Yamagata Shinkansen.
The first mini-shinkansen route to be built was the Yamagata Shinkansen, converted from the 87.1 km section of the Ōu Main Line between Fukushima on the Tōhoku Shinkansen and Yamagata in Yamagata Prefecture. Work started in 1988, with Yamagata Shinkansen services commencing on 1 July 1992. Services were operated by a new fleet of 400 Series Shinkansen trains, at up to 240 km/h on the Tōhoku Shinkansen and 130 km/h on the Yamagata Shinkansen section. The success of this initiative led to the conversion of a further 61.5 km of the line to , opening on 4 December 1999.
Akita Shinkansen.
Following the success of the Yamagata Shinkansen conversion, a scheme was proposed to construct a second mini-shinkansen route from Morioka in Iwate Prefecture, then the northern terminus of the Tōhoku Shinkansen, with Akita in Akita Prefecture. This involved regauging the 75.6 km Tazawako Line from Morioka to Ōmagari and 51.7 km of the Ōu Main Line from Ōmagari to Akita. This opened on 22 March 1997 with services using new E3 Series Shinkansen trains.
On 16 March 2013, E6 series trains commenced service on this line, initially at a maximum speed of 300 km/h on the Tōhoku Shinkansen section. In March 2014 it is proposed to increase the E6 series maximum speed on that section to 320 km/h, enabling a ~15 minute reduction in journey time.
Rolling stock.
The following rolling stock was built for use on mini-shinkansen lines.

</doc>
<doc id="21488120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488120" title="Veliky Novgorod">
Veliky Novgorod

Veliky Novgorod (also Novgorod the Great) (), or Novgorod Veliky, or just Novgorod, is one of the most important historic cities in Russia which serves as the administrative center of Novgorod Oblast. It is situated on the M10 federal highway connecting Moscow and St. Petersburg. The city lies along the Volkhov River just downstream from its outflow from Lake Ilmen. UNESCO recognised Novgorod as a World Heritage Site in 1992. Population: 
At its peak during the 14th century, it was one of Europe's largest cities, with a reported population of 400,000.
History.
Early developments.
Novgorod is among the oldest cities of modern day Russia, founded in the late 10th century.
Sofia First Chronicle makes initial mention of it in 859, while Novgorod First Chronicle first mentions it in 862, when it was purportedly already a major Baltics to Byzantium station on the Trade route from the Varangians to the Greeks.
Archaeological excavations in the middle to late 20th century, however, have found cultural layers dating back only to the late 10th century, the time of the Christianization of Rus' and a century after it was allegedly founded, suggesting that the chronicle entries mentioning Novgorod in the 850s or 860s are later interpolations. Archaeological dating is fairly easy and accurate to within 15–25 years, as the streets were paved with wood, and most of the houses made of wood, allowing for tree ring dating.
The Varangian name of the city "Holmgård"/"Holmgard" ("Holmgarðr" or "Holmgarðir") is mentioned in Norse Sagas as existing at a yet earlier stage, but in this case historical facts are difficult to untangle from legend. Originally, Holmgård referred only to the stronghold southeast of the present-day city, Rurikovo Gorodische (named in comparatively modern times after the Varangian chieftain Rurik, who supposedly made it his "capital" around 860). Archeological data suggests that the Gorodishche, the residence of the Knyaz (prince), dates from the mid-9th century, whereas the town itself dates only from the end of the 10th century; hence the name Novgorod, "new city", from Old Church-Slavonic "Новъ" and "Городъ" ("Nov" and "Gorod"), although German and Scandinavian historiography suggests the Old Norse term "Nýgarðr", or the Old High German term "Naugard". First mention of this Nordic or Germanic etymology to the name of the city of Novgorod (and that of other cities within the territory of the then Kievan Rus') occurs in the 10th-century policy manual "De Administrando Imperio" by Byzantine emperor Constantine VII.
Slightly predating the chronology of the legend of Rurik (which dates the first Norse arrival in the region around 858–860), an earlier record for the Scandinavian settlement of the region is found in the "Annales Bertiniani" (written up until 882) where a Rus' delegation is mentioned as having visited Constantinople in 838 and, intending to return to the Rus' Khaganate via the Baltic Sea, were questioned by Frankish Emperor Louis the Pious at Ingelheim am Rhein, where they said that although their origin was Swedish, they had settled in Northern Rus' under a leader who they designated as "chacanus" (the Latin form of "Khagan", a title they had likely borrowed from contact with the Avars).
Princely state within Kievan Rus'.
In 882, Rurik's successor, Oleg of Novgorod, conquered Kiev and founded the state of Kievan Rus'. Novgorod's size as well as its political, economic, and cultural influence made it the second most important city in Kievan Rus'. According to a custom, the elder son and heir of the ruling Kievan monarch was sent to rule Novgorod even as a minor. When the ruling monarch had no such son, Novgorod was governed by posadniks, such as the legendary Gostomysl, Dobrynya, Konstantin, and Ostromir.
Of all their princes, Novgorodians most cherished the memory of Yaroslav the Wise, who sat as Prince of Novgorod from 1010 to 1019, while his father, Vladimir the Great, was a prince in Kiev. Yaroslav promulgated the first written code of laws (later incorporated into Russkaya Pravda) among the Eastern Slavs and is said to have granted the city a number of freedoms or privileges, which they often referred to in later centuries as precedents in their relations with other princes. His son, Vladimir, sponsored construction of the great St. Sophia Cathedral, more accurately translated as the Cathedral of Holy Wisdom, which stands to this day.
Early foreign ties.
In Norse sagas the city is mentioned as the capital of Gardariki. Four Viking kings—Olaf I of Norway, Olaf II of Norway, Magnus I of Norway, and Harald Hardrada—sought refuge in Novgorod from enemies at home. No more than a few decades after the 1030 death and subsequent canonization of Olaf II of Norway, the city's community had erected in his memory Saint Olaf's Church in Novgorod.
The town of Visby in Gotland functioned as the leading trading center in the Baltic before the Hansa League. At Novgorod in 1080, Visby merchants established a trading post which they named Gutagard (also known as Gotenhof). Later, in the first half of the 13th century, merchants from northern Germany also established their own trading station in Novgorod, known as Peterhof. At about the same time, in 1229, German merchants at Novgorod were granted certain privileges, which made their position more secure.
Novgorod Republic.
In 1136, the Novgorodians dismissed their prince Vsevolod Mstislavich. The year is seen as the traditional beginning of the Novgorod Republic. The city was able to invite and dismiss a number of princes over the next two centuries, but the princely office was never abolished and powerful princes, such as Alexander Nevsky, could assert their will in the city regardless of what Novgorodians' said. The city state controlled most of Europe's northeast, from lands east of today's Estonia to the Ural Mountains, making it one of the largest states in medieval Europe, although much of the territory north and east of Lakes Ladoga and Onega was sparsely populated and never organized politically.
One of the most important local figures in Novgorod was the "posadnik", or mayor, an official elected by the public assembly (called the Veche) from among the city's boyarstvo, or aristocracy. The tysyatsky, or "thousandman", originally the head of the town militia but later a commercial and judicial official, was also elected by the Veche. Another important local official was the Archbishop of Novgorod who shared power with the boyars. Archbishops were elected by the Veche or by the drawing of lots, and after their election, were sent to the metropolitan for consecration.
While a basic outline of the various officials and the Veche can be drawn up, the city-state's exact political constitution remains unknown. The boyars and the archbishop ruled the city together, although where one official's power ended and another's began is uncertain. The prince, although his power was reduced from around the middle of the 12th century, was represented by his "namestnik", or lieutenant, and still played important roles as a military commander, legislator and jurist. The exact composition of the Veche, too, is uncertain, with some historians, such as Vasily Klyuchevsky, claiming it was democratic in nature, while later scholars, such as Marxists Valentin Ianin and Aleksandr Khoroshev, see it as a "sham democracy" controlled by the ruling elite.
In the 13th century, Novgorod, while not a member of the Hanseatic League, was the easternmost kontor, or entrepot, of the league, being the source of enormous quantities of luxury (sable, ermine, fox, marmot) and non-luxury furs (squirrel pelts).
Throughout the Middle Ages, the city thrived culturally. A large number of birch bark letters have been unearthed in excavations, perhaps suggesting widespread literacy, although this is uncertain (some scholars suggest that a clerical or scribal elite wrote them on behalf of a largely illiterate populace). It was in Novgorod that the Novgorod Codex, the oldest Slavic book written north of Macedonia, and the oldest inscription in a Finnic language (Birch bark letter no. 292) were unearthed. Some of the most ancient Russian chronicles (Novgorod First Chronicle) were written in the scriptorium of the archbishops who also promoted iconography and patronized church construction. The Novgorod merchant Sadko became a popular hero of Russian folklore.
Novgorod was never conquered by the Mongols during the Mongol invasion of Rus. The Mongol army turned back about from the city, not because of the city's strength, but probably because the Mongol commanders did not want to get bogged down in the marshlands surrounding the city. However, the grand princes of Moscow, who acted as tax collectors for the khans of the Golden Horde, did collect tribute in Novgorod, most notably Yury Danilovich and his brother, Ivan Kalita.
Expansion of Muscovy.
The city's downfall was partially as a result of its inability to feed its large population, making it dependent on the Vladimir-Suzdal region for grain. The main cities in this area, Moscow and Tver, used this dependence to gain control over Novgorod. Eventually Ivan III forcibly annexed the city to the Grand Duchy of Moscow in 1478. The Veche was dissolved and a significant part of Novgorod's population was either pacified or deported. The Hanseatic League kontor was closed in 1494 and the goods stored there were seized by Muscovite forces.
At the time of annexation, Novgorod became the third largest city under Muscovy (with 5,300 homesteads and 25–30 thousand inhabitants in the 1550s;) and remained so until the famine of the 1560s and the Massacre of Novgorod in 1570. In the Massacre, Ivan the Terrible sacked the city, slaughtered thousands of its inhabitants, and deported the city's merchant elite and nobility to Moscow, Yaroslavl and elsewhere. The last decade of the 16th century was a comparatively favorable period for the city as Boris Godunov restored trade privileges and raised the status of Novgorod bishop. The German trading post was reestablished in 1603.
During the Time of Troubles, Novgorodians submitted to Swedish troops led by Jacob De la Gardie in the summer of 1611. The city was restituted to Muscovy, a brief six years later, by the Treaty of Stolbovo and only regained a measure of its former prosperity towards the end of the century, when such ambitious buildings as the Cathedral of the Sign and the Vyazhischi Monastery were constructed. The most famous of Muscovite patriarchs, Nikon, was active in Novgorod between 1648 and 1652. The Novgorod Land became one of the Old Believers' strongholds after the Schism.
In 1727, Novgorod was made the administrative center of Novgorod Governorate of the Russian Empire, which was detached from Saint Petersburg Governorate (see Administrative divisions of Russia in 1727–1728). This administrative division existed until 1927. Between 1927 and 1944, the city was a part of Leningrad Oblast, and then became the administrative center of the newly formed Novgorod Oblast.
On August 15, 1941, during World War II, the city was occupied by the German Army. Its historic monuments were systematically annihilated. The Red Army liberated the city on January 19, 1944. Out of 2,536 stone buildings, fewer than forty remained standing. After the war, thanks to plans laid down by Alexey Shchusev, the central part was gradually restored. In 1992, the chief monuments of the city and the surrounding area were declared to be World Heritage Sites, Historic Monuments of Novgorod and Surroundings. In 1999, the city was officially renamed Veliky Novgorod (literally, Great Novgorod), thus partly reverting to its medieval title "Lord Novgorod the Great". This reduced the temptation to confuse Veliky Novgorod with Nizhny Novgorod, a larger city the other side of Moscow which, between 1932 and 1990, had been renamed Gorky, in honor of Maxim Gorky.
Administrative and municipal status.
Veliky Novgorod is the administrative center of the oblast and, within the framework of administrative divisions, it also serves as the administrative center of Novgorodsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the city of oblast significance of Veliky Novgorod—an administrative unit with status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the city of oblast significance of Veliky Novgorod is incorporated as Veliky Novgorod Urban Okrug.
Sights.
Novgorod is known for the variety and age of its medieval monuments. The foremost among these is the St. Sophia Cathedral, built between 1045 and 1050 under the patronage of Vladimir Yaroslavich, the son of Yaroslav the Wise (Vladimir is buried in the cathedral along with his mother, Anna). It is one of the best preserved churches from the 11th century. It's also probably the oldest structure still in use in Russia and the first one to represent original features of Russian architecture (austere stone walls, five helmet-like domes). Its frescoes were painted in the 12th century originally on the orders of Bishop Nikita (died 1108) (the "porches" or side chapels were painted in 1144 under Archbishop Nifont) and renovated several times over the centuries, most recently in the nineteenth century. The cathedral features famous bronze gates, which now hang in the west entrance, allegedly made in Magdeburg in 1156 (other sources see them originating from Płock in Poland) and reportedly snatched by Novgorodians from the Swedish town of Sigtuna in 1187. More recent scholarship has determined that the gates were most likely purchased in the mid-15th century, apparently at the behest of Archbishop Euthymius II (1429–1458), a lover of Western art and architectural styles.
The Novgorod Kremlin, traditionally known as the "Detinets", also contains the oldest palace in Russia (the so-called Chamber of the Facets, 1433), which served as the main meeting hall of the archbishops; the oldest Russian bell tower (mid-15th century), and the oldest Russian clock tower (1673). The Palace of Facets, the bell tower, and the clock tower were originally built on the orders of Archbishop Euphimius II, although the clock tower collapsed in the 17th century and had to be rebuilt and much of the palace of Euphimius II is no longer standing. Among later structures, the most remarkable are a royal palace (1771) and a bronze monument to the Millennium of Russia, representing the most important figures from the country's history (unveiled in 1862).
Outside the Kremlin walls, there are three large churches constructed during the reign of Mstislav the Great. St. Nicholas Cathedral (1113–1123), containing frescoes of Mstislav's family, graces Yaroslav's Court (formerly the chief square of Novgorod). The Yuriev Monastery (one of the oldest in Russia, 1030) contains a tall, three-domed cathedral from 1119 (built by Mstislav's son, Vsevolod, and Kyurik, the head of the monastery). A similar three-domed cathedral (1117), probably designed by the same masters, stands in the Antoniev Monastery, built on the orders of Antony, the founder of that monastery.
There are now some fifty medieval and early modern churches scattered throughout the city and its surrounding areas. Some of them were blown up by the Nazis and subsequently restored. The most ancient pattern is represented by those dedicated to Saints Pyotr and Pavel (on the Swallow's Hill, 1185–1192), to Annunciation (in Myachino, 1179), to Assumption (on Volotovo Field, 1180s) and to St. Paraskeva-Piatnitsa (at Yaroslav's Court, 1207). The greatest masterpiece of early Novgorod architecture is the Savior church at Nereditsa (1198).
In the 13th century, tiny churches of the three-paddled design were in vogue. These are represented by a small chapel at the Peryn Monastery (1230s) and St. Nicholas' on the Lipnya Islet (1292, also notable for its 14th-century frescoes). The next century saw the development of two original church designs, one of them culminating in St Theodor's church (1360–1361, fine frescoes from 1380s), and another one leading to the Savior church on Ilyina street (1374, painted in 1378 by Feofan Grek). The Savior' church in Kovalevo (1345) was originally frescoed by Serbian masters, but the church was destroyed during the war. While the church has since been rebuilt, the frescoes have not been restored.
During the last century of the republican government, some new churches were consecrated to Saints Peter and Paul (on Slavna, 1367; in Kozhevniki, 1406), to Christ's Nativity (at the Cemetery, 1387), to St. John the Apostle's (1384), to the Twelve Apostles (1455), to St Demetrius (1467), to St. Simeon (1462), and other saints. Generally, they are not thought to be as innovative as the churches from the previous period. Several shrines from the 12th century (i.e., in Opoki) were demolished brick by brick and then reconstructed exactly as they used to be, several of them in the mid-fifteenth century, again under Archbishop Yevfimy II (Euthymius II), perhaps one of the greatest patrons of architecture in medieval Novgorod.
Novgorod's conquest by Ivan III in 1478 decisively changed the character of local architecture. Large commissions were thenceforth executed by Muscovite masters and patterned after cathedrals of Moscow Kremlin: e.g., the Savior Cathedral of Khutyn Monastery (1515), the Cathedral of the Mother of God of the Sign (1688), the St. Nicholas Cathedral of Vyaschizhy Monastery (1685). Nevertheless, the styles of some parochial churches were still in keeping with local traditions: e.g., the churches of Myrrh-bearing Women(1510) and of Saints Boris and Gleb (1586).
In Vitoslavlitsy, along the Volkhov River and the Myachino Lake, close to the Yuriev Monastery, a museum of wooden architecture was established in 1964. Over twenty wooden buildings (churches, houses and mills) dating from the 14th to the 19th century were transported there from all around the Novgorod region.
Transportation.
Intercity transport.
Novgorod has connections to Moscow (531 km) and St. Petersburg (189 km) by the federal highway M10. There are public buses to Saint Petersburg and other destinations.
The city has direct railway passenger connections with Moscow (Leningradsky Rail Terminal, by night trains), St. Petersburg (Moscow Rail Terminal and Vitebsk Rail Terminal, by suburban trains), Minsk (Belarus) (Minsk Passazhirsky railway station, by night trains) and Murmansk.
The city's airports Yurievo and Krechevitsy do not serve any regular flights since the middle 1990s. The nearest international airport is St. Petersburg's Pulkovo, some north of the city.
Local transportation.
Local transportation consists of a network of buses and trolleybuses. The trolleybus network, which currently consists of five routes, started operating in 1995 and is the first trolley system opened in Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union.
Honors.
A minor planet, 3799 Novgorod, discovered by the Soviet astronomer Nikolai Stepanovich Chernykh in 1979, is named after the city.
International relations.
Twin towns, sister cities, and partner towns.
Veliky Novgorod is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="21488123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488123" title="Sayyed Ajami">
Sayyed Ajami

Sayyed Ajami (سيد عجمي) was arrested in September 1998 in the United Kingdom, and accused of membership in al-Jihad.
He was arrested as part of Operation Challenge, which arrested seven men living in Britain through use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989, accusing them of links to al-Jihad. One of the men was charged with possession of a weapon. Six months after the arrests, British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men.
He had previously been arrested multiple times throughout the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="21488127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488127" title="Daniel Hogan (Irish politician)">
Daniel Hogan (Irish politician)

Daniel Hogan (1899 – 1 August 1980) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer, he was elected at his second attempt to Dáil Éireann, as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Leix–Offaly constituency at the 1938 general election. He lost his Dáil seat at the 1943 general election but was elected to the 4th Seanad on the Agricultural Panel. He was re-elected to the Seanad in 1944 but lost his Seanad seat in 1948. In 1957, he was again elected to the Seanad. He was re-elected in 1961 but lost his seat at the 1965 Seanad election.

</doc>
<doc id="21488134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488134" title="Kenneth Cordier">
Kenneth Cordier

Kenneth W Cordier (born February 16, 1937) has had a distinguished career both in the military and in the private sector. Col. Cordier is a native of Akron, Ohio and is married to the former Barbara Leighton of Abilene, Texas.
Schooling.
Col. Cordier graduated from the University of Akron in 1960 with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and a commission as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Air Force through the Reserve Officers' Training Corps. He later earned a Master of Science in Management from Troy State University, Alabama. His professional military education includes Squadron Officer School, the Armed Forces Staff College, the National Security Management Course and Defense Attaché School.
Involvement with the Vietnam War.
In 1965, he was assigned to Ubon AB, Thailand, where he flew 59 combat missions over N. Vietnam and Laos. In July 1966, Col. Cordier volunteered for another tour in Southeast Asia, this time to Cam Ranh Bay, Republic of Vietnam, where he brought his combat record to 175 1/2 missions. While escorting a B-66 north of Hanoi on December 2, 1966, Col. Cordier's F-4C Phantom took a direct hit from a surface to air missile (SAM), forcing him to eject. He was captured immediately and held in four different prisons in and around Hanoi until his release on March 4, 1973.
After the Vietnam War.
Returning to active duty after convalescent leave, Col. Cordier requalified to fly jet aircraft and resumed his Air Force career. He was assigned to Holloman AFB, NM, where he again flew Phantoms, as a Flight Commander and then Operations Officer. In 1976, Col. Cordier was assigned to USAFE Headquarters at Ramstein AB, Germany, where he was chief of the War Plans Division. He became Deputy Commander for Operations at Sembach AB, Germany in 1979, and in 1981 as Base Commander, was assigned to plan and execute the reactivation of Wiesbaden Air Base.
Col. Cordier culminated his Air Force career as Air Attaché to the United Kingdom. After retiring from the Air Force in 1985, Ken returned to the U.S., where he represented British Aerospace in Washington, DC, as Director, Military Aircraft. Since moving to Dallas in 1993, Ken has been self-employed as a management consultant and has served in leadership positions in several veterans' organizations.
Col. Cordier was held as a Prisoner of War in Vietnam for six years, three months and two days. While serving the country under the most difficult circumstances, he developed a strong personal philosophy relative to perseverance, goals and accomplishment. In spite of the brutal regimen of confinement and deprivation of food and contact with fellow POWs, Col. Cordier has made a distinction between the Vietnamese people and the criminal element, which abused the POWs under their control. He bears no malice towards the Vietnamese people, and believes that the time has come to engage in a constructive dialog, which will result in achieving our objectives through diplomatic means. As part of the healing process, Col. Cordier has made two trips back to Vietnam. On the second visit, he led a group of 13 former POWs to visit several of the prisons where they were held, then to tour cities and cultural sites in both the North and South. This trip was a success in that it not only helped the POWs involved bring closure to their experience, but served as a model for others who followed. Col. Cordier currently resides with his wife Barbara in Dallas, Texas.
Military honors.
Colonel Cordier is a command pilot with more than 2,000 flying hours in fighter type aircraft. His combat decorations include: the Silver Star with oak leaf cluster; the Legion of Merit; Distinguished Flying Cross; Bronze Star with combat "V" for Valor; Air Medal with 6 oak leaf clusters; Prisoner of War Medal and the Purple Heart. He also holds the Defense Superior Service Medal and 12 other U.S. and foreign awards and decorations.
In addition to his military honors, Col. Cordier was awarded the prestigious National Society Daughters of the American Revolution Medal of Honor in 1998. The highest award presented by the DAR was bestowed on Col. Cordier based upon his demonstrated leadership, trustworthiness, patriotism and service to the local community and nation. He was presented with the Freedoms Foundation at Valley Forge honor award in 1973, and in 1985 was selected by the American Fighter Aces Association as an honorary member.
Other contributions.
Col. Cordier has contributed to aviation books, The History of Air Fighting, by Air Vice Marshal J. E. Johnson, and Out of the Blue, an anthology of aviation exploits by Laddie Lucas. He has also published articles in periodicals such as The Officer Review, and The Free Press.
As Air Attaché to the United Kingdom, 1982 - 1985, Col. Cordier advised the Ambassador on all issues relating to the U.S. Air Force presence in -country, and acted as liaison between the Embassy and Third Air Force Headquarters at RAF Mildenhall. He maintained close coordination with the State Department on political - military issues during the politically sensitive period of the first Cruise Missile deployment. Daily professional and social contact with top Ministry of Defense officials and Senior RAF staff officers resulted in close relationships that greatly facilitated agreement on cooperative defense issues. Frequent contact with Allied and Warsaw Pact diplomats enabled Col. Cordier to enhance his knowledge of multinational relationships. In preparation for this posting, both Col. Cordier and his wife attended the Defense Attache' school. This provided a thorough understanding of embassy operations and the concept of the country team. 
While in London, the Cordiers hosted frequent representational activities with host nation dignitaries, Allied and Warsaw Pact diplomats as well as American senior military and congressional visitors. LtGen Williams presents the Defense Superior Service Medal to Col. Cordier As Chief of the War Plans Division, Headquarters U. S. Air Forces in Europe (USAFE), Col. Cordier was responsible for writing and updating all conventional and nuclear war plans for employment of U.S. air forces in the European theater. This included planning the $800Mil conventional munitions stockpile for both in-theater and follow-on forces. The actual positioning and storage of munitions presented a dynamic challenge to ensure that the correct munitions would be on hand to accomplish each unit's mission in the event of hostilities. Col. Cordier pioneered the use of threat-based computer modeling to determine the optimum mix of munitions required at each airbase to support wartime tasking. This saved millions of dollars in repositioning costs and rationalized theater requirements with the existing worldwide conventional munitions stockpile and planned acquisitions.
He was briefly an advisor to the 2004 Bush presidential campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="21488136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488136" title="Sayyed Ahmed Abdel-Maqssuod">
Sayyed Ahmed Abdel-Maqssuod

Sayyed Ahmed Abdel-Maqssuod (سيد أحمد عبدالمقصود) was arrested in September 1998 in the United Kingdom, and accused of membership in al-Jihad.
He was arrested as part of Operation Challenge, which arrested seven men living in Britain through use of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989, accusing them of links to al-Jihad. One of the men was charged with possession of a weapon. Six months after the arrests, British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men.

</doc>
<doc id="21488137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488137" title="The Nanny (Pilot)">
The Nanny (Pilot)

"The Nanny" is the self-titled pilot episode of the CBS television sitcom "The Nanny". It was filmed in 1993 at Culver Studios on 9336 W. Washington Blvd. in Culver City, California. Picked up by CBS shortly after, the show would go on to produce 145 more episodes, ending its successful primetime run in 1999.
Plot outline.
After loud-mouthed Fran Fine is jilted by Danny, her husband-to-be and boss, she makes money by selling cosmetics door-to-door. One door happens to belong to Maxwell Sheffield, a Broadway producer who happens to need a nanny for his three children. Fran jumps at the chance. Hardly impressing Mr. Sheffield or his particularly obnoxious, smart-mouthed son, it seems the only one who enjoys Fran is Niles, the butler. Mr. Sheffield is still considering Fran until she proves to be too far beneath his class, writing her resume in red lipstick and answering the home phone for him. Just as Fran is about to leave, Mr. Sheffield hears that the nanny agency won't be able to send a nanny to the Sheffield home until after that weekend. At this, Mr. Sheffield reluctantly hires Fran to take care of his children.
In the morning, Fran again fails to impress when she comes to breakfast in a bathrobe and slippers, while everyone else is fully dressed and prepared for their day. Fran hears about a backer's party Mr. Sheffield is hosting to fundraise for his production, and is excited to go along with the children -- until they inform her that they, along with the nanny, are not invited. Fran ignores this and takes the kids to Danny's bridal shop where we meet Val, Fran's best friend. Fran states that she has a lot of work to do with the kids: Brighton's attitude, Gracie's mental health, and Maggie's lack of personality.
That evening, Fran, dressed in a loud, shimmering red dress in contrast to the other guests' drab colors, comes downstairs to join the party. She meets C.C., who is not at all impressed with the new nanny. Mr. Sheffield, informing her that she and the children are not invited, quickly tries to usher her back upstairs -- but not before the children come down, all dressed up and ready to join the festivities. Mr. Sheffield, surprised at how much Maggie "looks like her mother" when she is all dolled up, reluctantly agrees to allow them and Fran to stay. Their presence proves to be a hit with the guests and the party is a success, garnering Sheffield Productions multiple five-figure checks.
Mr. Sheffield hurries to his office to put away the final check of the evening, where he finds Maggie out on the balcony, engaging in her first kiss with one of the waiters from the party. Shocked and upset, Mr. Sheffield yells at them both and the waiter hurries out of the house, leaving Maggie in tears. Mr. Sheffield grounds her and sends her upstairs, angering Fran who states that Maggie should be excited about what is a very memorable evening, instead of crying. An argument between the two ensues and ends with Fran being fired.
Back at her mother's home, Fran is surprised to find Mr. Sheffield at the door, having been influenced by Niles to get Fran back. Mr. Sheffield proposes that they try and respect each other's differences before offering to give it another go. Fran, realizing that she is being re-hired, excitedly tells her mother of the news, who just-as-excitedly gets the camera ready as Fran jumps up and hugs the surprised Mr. Sheffield for a candid shot.

</doc>
<doc id="21488155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488155" title="Derrycrew">
Derrycrew

The Townland of Derrycrew is located in Loughgall Parish, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="21488159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488159" title="East Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia">
East Ship Harbour, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488164" title="Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto">
Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto

Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto (born September 27, 1973) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi who leads a global ministry called Mosdot Shuva Israel. Based in Ashdod and New York, he is regarded by his followers as a Kabbalist. "Globes" business journal named him in 2012 as one of the ten wealthiest rabbis in Israel.
Early life and education.
Pinto was born in Israel of Moroccan descent. On his father's side he is the great-grandson of Chaim Pinto, a Moroccan sage; on his mother's side, he is the grandson of Rabbi Yisrael Abuhatzeira, also known as the Baba Sali.
Pinto graduated from Ashkenazi Lithuanian yeshivas, and studied under Ashkenazi and Hassidic rabbis. including Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach, director of the Lithuanian-style Ma’a lot Hatorah yeshiva located in Jerusalem. Pinto was also influenced by Satmar Hassidism and his teachings.
Career.
Pinto is a rabbi and religious leader. He has a following as a spiritual leader and is regarded by his followers as a Kabbalist. He is said to be the descendent of rabbinical dynasties that reportedly have the potential to work miracles. Pinto has many followers from the Israeli expatriate community in the U.S. and has been described as "a rabbi to the rich and famous".
Religious leader.
When he was in his early 20s, Pinto founded Shuva Israel, a yeshiva in Ashdod, Israel. As founder he oversees an organization that includes two yeshivas in Ashkelon, one in Kiryat Malachi, three in Ashdod, and one in Rishon LeZion, with a total of 500 students to be rabbi students in training. The organization also has two schools for girls in Ashdod and a training school in Ashkelon. One of the Israeli locations provides money for living expenses to 180 widowed women. Several yeshivas or religious schools located in the United States and Israel and sponsors a charitable organization that provides food for Israeli families in need. Pinto's center in Ashod has four synagogues that serve more than 1,200 worshippers, a yeshiva with over 300 full-time students, and a soup kitchen that provides 3,000 meals a day. Pinto has also established a network of yeshivas in Israel, Los Angeles, Miami, and New York in the U.S.
In October 2010, Pinto led thousands of individuals to Silistra, Bulgaria, for an annual pilgrimage in homage of Eliezer Papo, who is honored among Jews for his book "Pele Yoetz," and revered in Silistra for giving his life to save the town from a plague in 1826. During his stay in Silistra, Pinto held a closed meeting with 80 Jewish American businessmen, asking them to invest $5 billion in the Israeli economy.
Business activities.
Pinto is reported to have connections in the real estate community in New York including an executive with Metropolitan Real Estate Investors and one with Prudential Douglas Elliman. His followers include Jay Schottenstein, chairman of the American Eagle Outfitters clothing company and real-estate mogul Jacky Ben-Zaken founder of 5W Public Relations, Ronn Torossian, New York City politician Michael Grimm and professional basketball player LeBron James. Pinto has been characterized as "something between a guru and a Hasidic rebbe" and as a "mystically inclined" Kabbalist with an interest in the esoteric elements of the Jewish tradition". Although Pinto has no formal business background, a number of prominent Israeli and Jewish-American businessmen have visited him for consultation on business and personal matters, including talk-show host Donny Deutsch; jeweler Jacob Arabo ("Jacob the Jeweler"); former Congressman Anthony Weiner. Pinto has said that he does not consider his help to be advice, saying instead that "It’s more of a blessing". Politicians and businessmen who have visited Pinto in Israel include Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, former Bank of Israel governor Jacob Frenkel, and Israeli soccer star Guy Levy. Because of Pinto's influence, he has been called the "rabbi to the business stars", and was described by Yoel Hasson, a Kadima member of the Knesset, as having connections and influence with a number of people in Israeli politics.
When he is in New York, Pinto resides in a building owned by his downtown Manhattan non-profit, Mosdot Shuva Israel organization. In 2011 the building was under foreclosure and his organization was reported to be facing financial problems.
According to an article in the "Globes" business journal, in June 2012, "Forbes Israel" named Pinto as one of the 10 wealthiest rabbis in Israel, "with a fortune of NIS 75 million" "based on organizational holdings" such as "charitable activities and properties".
Politics.
In 2010, a reception held for Pinto was attended by an Israel Defense Forces major general and five cabinet members. In January 2011, Pinto met with opposition leader Israeli politician Tzipi Livni in Tel Aviv. In December 2010 Pinto condemned an open letter endorsed by 50 Israeli rabbis which encouraged Jewish community members to avoid renting or selling property to non-Jews. Pinto believed that the letter would provoke racism against Jews in Israel and abroad, making it difficult for them "to live in New York or anywhere else in the world."
Legal issues.
In September 2011, Pinto's father-in law, the chief Rabbi of Argentina Shlomo, retracted accusations of money laundering against Pinto in the Jerusalem District Court. The father-in-law said the retraction was "part of an arrangement made for legal reasons and to preserve domestic tranquility". Under the terms of the agreement, Pinto was required to pay NIS 3.4 million for two apartments purchased by his father-in-law, in the Gold housing complex in Jerusalem, with funds that were allegedly obtained from Pinto.
On October 12, 2012 Pinto was reported to be under investigation for money laundering. He was released on bail and placed under house arrest for an alleged bribery attempt of an Israeli police official involved in the investigation. On February 12, 2014, Pinto received notice from the Israeli state prosecutor that they are about to file an indictment charging Pinto with bribing Ephraim Bracha of the National Fraud Unit in an attempt to gain information about the ongoing investigation of the financial activities of Hazon Yeshaya, a charitable organization he heads.
In February 2014, a civil suit in was filed in New York State Supreme Court that claims Pinto and an aide orchestrated the arrest of a business rival and threatened him with physical harm.
Personal life.
Pinto speaks Hebrew and does not know English. Around 2008, Pinto moved to New York City for medical treatments. He spends his time in either New York City or Ashdod.

</doc>
<doc id="21488185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488185" title="Elmsvale, Nova Scotia">
Elmsvale, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488204" title="St George Catholic Church">
St George Catholic Church

St. George Catholic Church is a church located in Fontana, California. Founded In 1954, it had its 50th year anniversary in 2004.
Cultures.
There is a major population of Hispanics, followed by Anglo-Saxons, and finally the philenes. All three enjoy each other and share space in festivals, parties and other events.
Traditions.
Every year there is the annual Fall Festival, and the Saint George Carnival.
Both attract much attention and many guests with electrical rides, prizes, competitions, raffles, singers, food, games, and so much more. Another tradition is the Christmas posadas.
Expansion.
The church is currently overcrowded. Money is being collected and plans are ready for a major expansion. After the new church is built it will be one of the biggest in Fontana.

</doc>
<doc id="21488207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488207" title="Falkland, Nova Scotia">
Falkland, Nova Scotia

The community is likely named for Lucius Cary, 10th Viscount Falkland, Governor of Nova Scotia from 1840 to 1846 and his wife Amelia Cary, Viscountess Falkland.

</doc>
<doc id="21488218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488218" title="Joerie Mes">
Joerie Mes

Joerie "The Shark" Mes (born March 16, 1979) is a Dutch former welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Mike's Gym in Amsterdam. He is former Dutch and European Muay Thai champion who later competed in K-1 MAX. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest combination specialists in kickboxing history.
Biography and career.
Joeri grew up in Amsterdam (Amsterdam Noord). As a kid, he excelled in field hockey, as a goalie. As he felt field hockey was not for him, he tried soccer for a short while, before he got involved in kick boxing.

</doc>
<doc id="21488223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488223" title="French Village, Nova Scotia">
French Village, Nova Scotia

French Village is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Chebucto Peninsula. French village initially included present day villages of Tantallon, Glen Haven and French Village. The French that migrated to the area were French speaking families from the Principality of Montbeliard (annexed by France 1793)and known as the "Foreign Protestants". They had come to Nova Scotia between 1750 and 1752 to settle Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. Contrary to belief, they were not Huguenots. In 1901, the Halifax and Southwestern Railway was built through the area and the railway choose the name French Village for the station serving the three communities. The French Village station, actually located in Tantallon, has been preserved as a cafe beside the recreational trail that follows the old Halifax & Southwestern Railway roadbed. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488239" title="Thomas Mullen">
Thomas Mullen

Thomas Mullen (c. 1897 – 2 January 1966) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and school teacher.
He was born in Roemore, Breaffy, County Mayo, to primary school teacher parents, Thomas and Mary Mullen. He was educated at St. Jarlath's College, Tuam, and University College Galway. He too became a teacher and taught in Tullamore and North Brunswick St and at St Saviour's, Denmark St, in Dublin.
Mullen became active in the Irish Republican Army after the 1916 Easter Rising. He was the organiser of the escape from Rath Camp in the Curragh Camp during the Irish War of Independence. During the Irish Civil War, he was leader of the Tintown No 1 internment camp of 61 prisoners. 
He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1938 general election. He did not contest the 1943 general election.
His brother Eugene Mullen, was a TD for Mayo from June to September 1927.
Mullen died in St Mary's Hospital, Phoenix Park. His last residence was 92 St Assam's Ave, Raheny, Dublin. He was survived by his wife, Louie (née Ryan), and three daughters. He is buried at St. Fintan's Cemetery, Sutton.

</doc>
<doc id="21488246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488246" title="Fletchers Lake, Nova Scotia">
Fletchers Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488253" title="Bob Stephen">
Bob Stephen

George Robert "Bob" Stephen (February 23, 1958 – February 8, 2009) was a professional Canadian football offensive lineman with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League from 1981 to 1985. He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Stephen went to St. Pius X High School in Ottawa and played junior football with the Ottawa Sooners, with which he won the national championship in 1979.
He joined the Ottawa Rough Riders in the 1981 CFL season as a centre and played all five years of his professional career for the Riders. Following his playing career, he became a minor football coach and mentor with the Myers Riders and the Nepean Redskins. He coached an Eastern Ontario team to gold at the 2004 national championship.
He died at his home in Ottawa on February 8, 2009, of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="21488257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488257" title="Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association">
Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association

The Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association (APAMSA), founded in 1995, is the nation’s largest organization representing Asian Pacific American (APA) medical students. APAMSA is a student-governed and national organization that promotes awareness and advocacy of issues affecting the APA community. They have over 15,000 medical students, pre-medical students, interns, medical residents, and practicing physicians.
 APAMSA hosts an annual National Conference and a Hepatitis B Conference in the fall. For 2012, the National Conference will be held at the University of Michigan School of Medicine in Ann Arbor, MI and the Hepatitis B Conference will be held in Boston, MA. Most recently, the 2011 National Conference was held at Stanford University School of Medicine and the Hepatitis B Conference was held in San Francisco, CA.
Currently, APAMSA has local chapters at 78 different medical schools in the United States. In 2011, the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine was named Chapter of the Year.
Previous APAMSA work.
Disparities in Medical Education: In 2007, APAMSA conducted a national study to reveal racial and ethnic disparities in medical school grades during clinical years. The study demonstrated that minorities receive lower grades than white medical students. This study served to show the possibility that cultural factors may play a role in medical school grades during clinical years. In 2009, APAMSA followed up with a second study to examine medical student communication styles. The study concluded that there were differences in student communication styles and feedback based on demographic differences suggesting a need for cultural competency training for both medical student and teacher. 
Bone Marrow Drive: During the Presidential Inaugural Committee’s National Day of Service, APAMSA helped organize the Gift of Hope, Gift of Unity Marrow Drives in Washington DC and in California with Yul Kwon and the national bone marrow programs: NMDP, AADP, A3M, and SAMAR. In 2009, APAMSA also launched the 1000 CRANES for HOPE Campaign to register at least 1000 minorities onto the National Bone Marrow Registry. 
Hepatitis B: Since 2006, APAMSA has contributed to help raise awareness about Hepatitis B and liver disease in the APA community by Hepatitis B, "APAMSA Fights to Break the Hepatitis B Cycle". This campaign brought together a national cross section of medical students and physicians dedicated to ending the epidemic of hepatitis B in APA community, and the launching of several local hepatitis B education and screening programs across the United States.
Japan Tsunami Relief: In 2011 in response to the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan, APAMSA chapters throughout the United States raised a combined total of over $11,000 which was ultimately donated to aid the recovery effort in Japan. The Albert Einstein College of Medicine was recognized as the top fundraiser in the effort as they raised a total of $6508.32.
History.
APAMSA officially started in 1995 by Dr. B Li and his colleagues with the first National Conference after they were worried about the future of APA medical students and communities. Since then, APAMSA has grown to include many National Programs including the Hepatitis B education and immunization project and the Bone Marrow Donation project. 
As an organization based on health care, APAMSA has also held a prominent role in speaking out for smoking and tobacco use targeting the Asian community, for irresponsible alcohol use, for immunization and for health standards addressing needs of the medically underserved. So far efforts have been met with great success as smoking and alcohol consumption, along with related chronic illnesses, have been on the rise in Asian youth since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="21488260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488260" title="Karlakunta">
Karlakunta

Karlakunta is a tiny village in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, located in the Guntur District in the mandal of Narasaraopet.
Geography.
Karlakunta is located near the main route from Hyderabad-Addanki highway near Santhagudipadu, which is about two kilometeres away from the main highway, from Guntur, the administrative capital of its district, and from Hyderabad, the capital city of its state. Karlkunta is surrounded by villages like Santhagudipadu, Rompicherla, Ramireddy palem, Buchibapannapalem and Muppala.
Demography and economy.
Karlakunta has a population of 4000 and the main castes in this village are Kammas.
The literacy rate is close to 30% and the current generation is only equipped with the primary education. The main livelihood of the inhabitants is farming and cultivation of rice and other commercial crops like daal. All the farmers in this village are small and marginal farmers. There are about only 40 to 50 people who work outside in cities like Hyderabad, Narasaraopet, Bangalore, Pune, Mumbai and other areas outside the village. Karlakunta is facing basic challenges like lack of proper roads, transportation, dispensary and lack of awareness about the basic information on agriculture cultivation.
This village is very loyal to the TDP-Telugu Desham party since its inception under the leadership of Dr. Kodela Siva Prasada Rao in choosing the political leaders. Karlakunta has still got the Panchayat process to deal with the local issues under the guidance of elder people in the village. They all come together for all the occasions like any major festivals like Ganesh celebrations and other activities. Karlkunta is a very ritualistic village in which there are about 10 small temples like shivs, rama, Ganesh, Sai and other Gramdevatas.

</doc>
<doc id="21488262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488262" title="Hideaki Tokunaga">
Hideaki Tokunaga

Although Tokunaga failed to pass the test of "Star Tanjō!" in 1982, he debuted as a recording singer in 1986. After he released hit songs such as "Yume o Shinjite" (the first ending theme of the anime series "") and "Kowarekake no Radio" in 1990, his single "Wednesday Moon" reached No. 1 on Oricon weekly charts in 1991. He was also known for "Vocalist" album series, comprising his covers of female songs. "Vocalist", "Vocalist 2", "Vocalist 3" and "Vocalist 4" were released in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2010 respectively.
Tokunaga is the first male artist to have at least one album to reach the number-one position on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts for four decades (1980s, 1990s, 2000s and 2010s).
Tokunaga also composed other singers' songs such as KinKi Kids' "Eien Ni" (from their 2007 album "Phi").
Career.
Tokunaga took part in the Japanese television program "Star Tanjō!" in 1982. The program produced many Japanese stars such as Momoe Yamaguchi, Pink Lady and Akina Nakamori. However, Akiko Matsumoto passed the test at that time, while Tokunaga and Minako Honda were rejected.
On January 21, 1986, Tokunaga debuted with the album "Girl" and the single "Rainy Blue". In 1987, his third studio album "Birds" reached the number-one position on the Japanese Oricon charts. In the early 1990s, he became well known in the Philippines when the song "Saigo no Iiwake" (from his 1989 album "Realize") was covered in Tagalog as "Ikaw Pa Rin" by an unlikely singer, a non-Tagalog-speaking, fellow Japanese Ted Ito. However, his 1991 album "Revolution" had been his last number-one album until 2007.
Tokunaga began to release "Vocalist" album series, in which he covered many Japanese songs of female singers. On September 14, 2005, he released the album "Vocalist", the first work of the series. The album included his cover versions of Miyuki Nakajima's 1975 song "Jidai" and Momoe Yamaguchi's 1977 song "Cosmos". The album was certified Million by RIAJ for shipment of 1,000,000 copies.
On August 30, 2006, Tokunaga released the album "Vocalist 2". The album included his cover versions of Akina Nakamori's 1982 song "Second Love" and Mika Nakashima's 2003 song "Yuki no Hana". The album was certified Triple Platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 750,000 copies.
On August 15, 2007, Tokunaga released the album "Vocalist 3". The album included his cover versions of Akiko Kobayashi's 1985 song "Koi ni Ochite (Fall in Love)" and Every Little Thing's 1998 song "Time Goes By". His cover version of Namie Amuro's 1997 song "Can You Celebrate?" was the final track of the album, but there was also a first press limited edition which included a bonus track, his cover version of Naomi Chiaki's 1972 song "Kassai". "Vocalist 3" reached the number-one position on the Oricon weekly album charts, making it his first number-one album in 15 years 10 months. "Vocalist 3" topped the Oricon weekly album charts for two weeks. The album was certified Million by RIAJ for shipment of 1,000,000 copies.
On November 1, 2007, Tokunaga also covered Noriko Awaya's at the Tokyo International Forum as a part of Ryoichi Hattori's 100th Anniversary Concert.
On May 6, 2009, Tokunaga released his studio album "We All". The album debuted at No. 1 on the Oricon weekly album charts. With the album, he became the first solo male artist who debuted in 1980s to have at least one studio album to top the Oricon weekly charts for three decades (1980s, 1990s and 2000s).
Tokunaga released the single "Toki no Nagare ni Mi o Makase" on March 31, 2010. It was his cover version of Teresa Teng's 1986 song and its B-sides were his cover versions of Seiko Matsuda's 1982 song "Akai Sweet Pea" and Juju's 2009 song "Yasashisa de Afureru yōni." Those songs were included by the album "Vocalist 4", released on April 20, 2010. The album included his cover version of Hikaru Utada's 1999 song "First Love." "Vocalist 4" debuted at No. 1 on the Oricon weekly charts. Because of the album, he became the first male artist to have at least one album to top the Oricon weekly charts for four decades.

</doc>
<doc id="21488263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488263" title="Vulsini">
Vulsini

Vulsini, also known as Volsini volcano, Vulsini Volcanic District, Vulsini Volcanic Complex and the Vulsinian District, is a circular region of intrusive igneous rock in Lazio, Italy, about to the north northwest of Rome, containing a cluster of calderas known to have been active in recent geologic and historical times. Potentially they still are active. The Vulsinian region is one of dozens of intrusive circular regions, most smaller than the Vulsinian, arranged in a band from Campania through Lazio, called the Roman Comagmatic Province. A comagmatic province is a geologic area of the same type and age igneous rock deriving from the same crustal magma. The Roman region is post-collisional; that is, the intrusions were not a result of the lateral stresses that created Italy and raised the Apennines, but were subsequent to Italy's creation. The Volsinian is the northernmost region.
At relatively low altitude, the Vulsini calderas cover about and contain four Pleistocene-age depressions known as Bolsena, Latera, Vepe and Montefascione calderas. The latest activity occurred in 104 BC. The largest, the Bolsena caldera, which is roughly across, is filled with the waters of lake Bolsena, which derive mainly from deep aquifers. Immediately to the northwest are the combined Latera and Vepe calderas, about by . Vepe, to the north of Lake Mezzano (a very small crater lake west of Lake Bolsena) is what is known as a nested caldera; it arose in the previously existing Latera Caldera. Italian routes SS74 and SS312 follow the rim from Valentano through Latera westward, turning off before Mezzano on the other side. In addition the small Montefiascone caldera, also nested, lies between Montefiascone on its eastern rim and the lake. Two islands in the lake, Bisentina and Martana, were formed from airfall tuffs in Pompeii-like eruptions. Dozens of other tuff cones dot the region, mainly on the eastern side of the complex.
Subfeatures.
The following tuff cones stand out in the region:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="21488266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488266" title="Joseph B. Palmer">
Joseph B. Palmer

Joseph Benjamin Palmer (November 1, 1825 – November 4, 1890) was an American lawyer, legislator, and soldier. He served as a Confederate general in the American Civil War, during which he was wounded four times. After the conflict he resumed his law practice in Tennessee.
Early life and career.
Joseph B. Palmer was born in 1825 in Rutherford County, Tennessee. He was orphaned when he was an infant and was subsequently raised by his grandparents. Palmer received his education at the Union University located in Murfreesboro, Tennessee. He was admitted to the state bar association in 1848 and began practicing as a lawyer. In 1849 Palmer was elected to the Tennessee General Assembly, and in 1851 he was re-elected. In 1855 he was then elected as mayor of Murfreesboro, serving until 1859.
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Palmer chose to follow his home state and the Confederate cause. He organized a company of soldiers and in May was elected a captain in the 18th Tennessee Infantry, into which this company was added. That June he was elected colonel, assuming command of the regiment. 
Palmer fought primarily in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. He was part of the garrison surrendered at Fort Donelson on February 15, 1862, and was exchanged on August 15. That October Palmer was given brigade command in the Army of Mississippi. He fought in the Battle of Stones River and was wounded in his right shoulder and his right leg on January 2, 1863. Palmer fought during the Battle of Chickamauga that fall, and was wounded on September 19 when he again hit in his right shoulder. 
Temporarily unfit for active field service, Palmer was appointed to district command in the Department of Tennessee beginning on November 18, 1863. He resumed brigade command on June 27 in the Army of Tennessee, and then participated in the Atlanta Campaign. Palmer fought during the Battle of Jonesborough, and was wounded on the third day of the fight on September 1, 1864. He was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on November 15. 
Palmer fought in the 1864 Franklin-Nashville Campaign, participating in the Battle of Franklin on November 30, in the Battle of Nashville on December 15–16, and was part of the army's rearguard during the retreat following Nashville. What remained of the Tennessee regiments of the Army of Tennessee were consolidated, were placed under Palmer's command, and he led them during the 1865 Carolinas Campaign. 
On March 19, 1865, Palmer fought during the Battle of Bentonville and was again wounded, but remained in brigade command until April 26. He surrendered with Gen. Joseph E. Johnston on May 1 and was paroled from Greensboro, North Carolina. Palmer was pardoned by the U.S. Government on October 26, and again on May 21, 1866.
Postbellum career.
Following the war, Palmer returned home and resumed his law practice. Despite several requests to run for governor of Tennessee he chose to avoid public service. Palmer died in 1890 at his home in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, and his body was buried in the city's Evergreen Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="21488270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488270" title="United States Classic Racing Association">
United States Classic Racing Association

The United States Classic Racing Association (USCRA) is an organization which organizes and promotes various vintage motorcycle racing events, primarily road racing. They typically run four racing events per year of one to three days each. At this time all road racing events are held at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway in Loudon, New Hampshire. 
There also two Motogiro events, Moto Giro East in the spring and Motogiro USA in the fall.[http://www.roadbikemag.com/forum/Motogiro.php][http://www.roadbikemag.com/forum/FatherDaughter.php]
Another annual event is the Pewter Run, a road ride for antique motorcycles manufactured between 1900 and 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="21488297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488297" title="Gaetz Brook , Nova Scotia">
Gaetz Brook , Nova Scotia

Gaetz Brook has a junior high school called Gaetz Brook Junior High. It refers to children from grades 7-9 and the students come from O'Connell Drive Elementary and Lakeview Consolidated. They can also come from Atlanticview Elementary. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488307" title="Cormoran">
Cormoran

Cormoran ( or ) is a giant associated with St. Michael's Mount in the folklore of Cornwall. In local tradition he is said to have created the island, in some versions with the aid of his wife, Cormelian. From the island he raided cattle from the mainland communities. Cormoran appears in the English fairy tale "Jack the Giant Killer" as the first giant slain by the hero, Jack, and in tales of "Tom the Tinkeard" as a giant too old to present a serious threat.
Origin.
One of many giants to feature in Cornish folklore, the character derives from local traditions about St. Michael's Mount. The name "Cormoran" is not found in the early traditions; it first appears in the chapbook versions of the "Jack the Giant Killer" story printed in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Nottingham, and is not of Cornish origin. The name may be related to Corineus, the legendary namesake of Cornwall. Corineus is associated with St. Michael's Mount, and is credited with defeating a giant named Gogmagog in Geoffrey of Monmouth's influential pseudohistory "Historia Regum Britanniae", which may be a prototype of the Cormoran tradition.
Appearances.
Local traditions.
The giant eventually known as Cormoran is attributed with constructing St. Michael's Mount, a tidal island off Cornwall's southern coast. He accomplished this by carrying white granite from the mainland at low tide to build the island. In some versions, he is aided in the task by his wife, Cormelian, who carries the stones in her apron. According to one version, when Cormoran fell asleep from exhaustion, his more industrious wife fetched greenstone from a nearer source. When she was halfway back the giant awoke to discover Cormelian bringing different stones than he wanted, and kicked her. The stones fell from her apron and formed Chapel Rock.
From his post at St. Michael's Mount, Cormoran raided the countryside for cattle. He was distinguished by having six digits on each hand and foot. Folklorist Mary Williams reported being told that the skeleton of a man over seven feet tall had been found during an excavation at the Mount.
Cormoran is often associated with the giant of Trencrom in local folklore. The two are said to have thrown boulders back and forth as recreation; this is given as the explanation for the many loose boulders found throughout the area. In one version, the Trencrom giant threw an enormous hammer over for Cormoran, but accidentally hit and killed Cormelian; they buried her at Chapel Rock.
Jack the Giant Killer.
The giant of St. Michael's Mount also appears in the English fairy tale "Jack the Giant Killer", early chapbook versions of which are the first to name him Cormoran. According to Joseph Jacobs' account, Cormoran is 5.5 m (18 ft) tall and measures about 2.75 m (9 ft) around the waist. He lives in a cave on St Michael's Mount, using the times of ebb tide to walk to the mainland. He regularly raids the countryside, "feast on poor souls…gentleman, lady, or child, or what on his hand he could lay," and "making nothing of carrying half-a-dozen oxen on his back at a time; and as for…sheep and hogs, he would tie them around his waist like a bunch of tallow-dips."
In Jacobs's version, the councillors of Penzance convene during the winter to solve the issue of Cormoran's raids on the mainland. After offering the giant's treasure as reward for his disposal, a villein farmer's boy named Jack takes it upon himself to kill Cormoran. Older chapbooks make no reference to the council, and attribute Jack's actions to a love for fantasy, chivalry, and adventure.
In both versions, in the late evening Jack swims to the island and digs a 6.75 m (22 ft) trapping pit, although some local legends place the pit to the north in Morvah. After completing the pit the following morning, Jack blows a horn to awaken the giant. Cormoran storms out, threatening to broil Jack whole, but falls into the hidden pit, and after being taunted for some time, is killed by a blow from a pickaxe or mattock.
After filling in the hole, Jack retrieves the giant's treasure. According to the Morvah tradition, a rock is placed over the grave. Today this rock is called Giant's Grave. Local lore holds that the giant's ghost can sometimes be heard beneath it.
For his service to Penwith, Jack was officially titled "Jack the Giant-Killer" and awarded a belt on which was written:
<poem>
Here's the right valiant Cornishman,
Who slew the giant Cormoran.
</poem>
Tom the Tinkeard.
The giant of St. Michael's Mount also appears in the drolls about Tom the Tinkeard, a local Cornish variant of "Tom Hickathrift". William Bottrell recorded a tale of the giant's last raid: here, the giant is not killed, but lives to grow old and frail. Becoming hungry, he makes one last incursion to steal a bullock from an enchanter on the mainland. However, the enchanter strikes him immobile as the sea rises around him. He must spend the evening in the cold sea with the bull hanging from around his neck; he subsequently retreats to the Mount hungry and defeated. Later, Tom visits the giant and takes pity on him, and arranges for his aunt Nancy of Gulval to sell him her store of eggs and butter. This both feeds the giant and makes Nancy's family rich.

</doc>
<doc id="21488322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488322" title="Glen Margaret, Nova Scotia">
Glen Margaret, Nova Scotia

Today, the community is the home of a number of creative persons such as artists, publishers and authors. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488334" title="Mark Cojuangco">
Mark Cojuangco

Mark O. Cojuangco (born October 6, 1957), is the Representative of 5th District of Pangasinan, in the Philippines, he also serves as the vice-chairman of Committee on Appropriations.
House Bill 04631 and Wikipedia.
Mark O. Cojuangco is the author of the controversial House Bill 04631 that mandates the immediate re-commissioning and commercial operation of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant, appropriating funds therefor, and for other purposes.
As the main proponent of the Bill is Representative Mark Cojuangco's presentation at the Congressional hearing on February 2, 2009 came under scrutiny from the Bill's oppositors for citing Wikipedia articles about nuclear plants in other countries and quotes from non-experts like Patrick Moore, who left Greenpeace in 1986, to argue for the re-commissioning of the Bataan Nuclear Power Plant.
Personal life.
He is married to his wife Kimi Cojuangco. His half- Brother, Miguel Cojuangco II. is a doctor. 
From 2001 to 2010, Mark Cojuangco served as the Representative of the 5th District of Pangasinan. He focused on infrastructure projects, believing that quality and not just the quantity of projects are the catalyst for economic development. Specially so, if these are benchmarked against those of our neighbor and competitor countries. “There is no need to invent, rather, we observe what works well elsewhere, integrate, and do it right.”
He believes that catalysis will be the result of an ultimate change in people’s mindset and perspective as they experience the difference in the functionality, utility and productivity brought about by well thought out and quality projects. “Hindi na pwede ang pwede na”, as he says.
His accomplishments include: the lobbying for and successful monetization and continuous release of the 12 years overdue tobacco tax share of Burley tobacco producing areas throughout the country amounting to 6.5Billion pesos, initially. Innovations such as: precast concrete arch bridges of 12m spans, concrete tower silos, people’s donation for road right of way of widened barangay roads, advanced drilling technology which resulted in truly potable barangay water systems, prepaid water dispensing, multi-level school buildings, surface irrigation systems, travelling irrigator systems, radial irrigation gates, the use of digital terrain models in flood basin drainage design and implementation, among others. Not even public restrooms were spared of innovation, as 5-star facilities now exist in the town plazas of his district, being most welcome by balikbayans, returning OFWs and kamag-anaks from abroad as as well as their guests.
His last projects include the widening and rehabilitation of the Manila North Road and the initiation of the Western Urdaneta Bypass Road which he believes will make Urdaneta the premiere city of Pangasinan. 
In all his programs, he is actively involved in the planning and design of these projects, going as far as to establishing his own private engineering department to ensure that every centavo of public funds are well spent. 
Unwavering, Mark Cojuangco pursues measures he knows will benefit the Filipino, no matter what the public opinion may be. For example; his goal in pushing for national energy independence and competitiveness which would be better clean and at an affordable price. This therefore included pushing nuclear power to be part of the country’s energy mix, among many others. 
Even after his nine years as Congressman, Mark Cojuangco continues to work for the betterment of the 5th Distrcit of Pangasinan. He is currently working on the completion of the establishment of a regional Tropical Dairy Industry, which he started in 2004. The first module, located in the barangay of Maraboc in Laoac, Pangasinan is already nearing completion. With this module alone, the 5th District of Pangasinan Dairy and Minor Livestock Cooperative already produces an average of 1,500 liters of fresh milk a day, with 5,000 liters/day as an ultimate goal. This has led to the filing of House Bill 4441 by his wife Rep. Kimi S. Cojuangco, who was the former Mayor of Sison and now incumbent representative of the 5th District of Pangasinan, which is aimed at protecting the local Dairy Industry. 
Mark has 2 girls and a boy; Danielle, 29, Standford University grad; Paola, 28, Sta. Clara University grad, now Med Proper, UST; and Eduardo III, Sta. Clara University grad.
Despite graduating from Congress after completing three full terms, Mark Cojuangco remains a Congressman at heart, working towards a better future for his District, and the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488342" title="Roger Springer">
Roger Springer

Roger Springer (born June 15, 1962 in Caddo, Oklahoma) is an American country music artist. Springer's only single as a solo artist, "The Right One Left," was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville and peaked at No. 69 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
In 1998, Springer formed the country music trio Springer! with Shara Johnson and Joe Manuel. Their first single, "Don't Try to Find Me," peaked at No. 64 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. A second single, "Ain't Nothing but a Cloud," was released in 1999 but failed to chart. Renamed The Roger Springer Band, Giant released the trio's eponymous debut album in July 1999 shortly before they disbanded.
As a songwriter, Springer has co-written single releases by Mark Chesnutt ("I Might Even Quit Lovin' You," "It's a Little Too Late," "Let It Rain," "Thank God for Believers"), Sammy Kershaw ("Matches") and Love and Theft ("Dancing in Circles").

</doc>
<doc id="21488344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488344" title="Glenmore, Nova Scotia">
Glenmore, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488351" title="Marcelino Manuel da Graca">
Marcelino Manuel da Graca

Marcelino Manuel da Graça (January 25, 1881 or 1884 - January 12, 1960), better known as Charles Manuel "Sweet Daddy" Grace, or Daddy Grace, was the founder and first bishop of the predominantly African-American denomination the United House of Prayer For All People. He was a contemporary of other religious leaders such as Father Divine, Noble Drew Ali and Ernest Holmes. Daddy Grace, an innovative Christian evangelist, faith healer, pastor and bishop, used his unique worship style to birth a distinctive religious institution on the American scene. Many of his followers claimed miraculous acts of faith healing while attending services and others saw his ministry as a sign from God of the immanent return of Jesus Christ.
Origins and family matters.
Marcelino Manuel da Graca's parents were Manuel (1837–1926) and Gertrude (1847–1933) da Graca. Marcelino da Graca's sibling group consisted of one brother, Benventura, and three sisters: Eugenia, Slyvia and Louise. He was born January 25, in Brava in the Cape Verde Islands, then a Portuguese possession off the west coast of Africa. There is no verifiable information to confirm Grace's exact birth year, but most sources either state 1881 or 1884. The family of Manuel da Graca, the father of Marcelino, arrived in America at the port of New Bedford, Massachusetts, aboard a ship called the "Freeman" in May 1902. It is unclear whether Marcelino was aboard the ship in 1902, but ship manifests show that he visited America in 1903, and in 1904 he came as a cabin passenger aboard the schooner called Luiza. 
Marcelino Grace married twice. His first wife was Jane "Jennie" Lomba, a Cape Verdean woman also known as Jennie Lombard. They were married in 1909. She bore Grace a daughter, Irene, in 1910 and son, Norman in 1912. Norman died in 1947. Whether they officially divorced was disputed. His second wife was Angelina (Montano) Grace, of Mexican descent, whom he married in 1932. She bore him a son, Marcelino, in 1935. They divorced in 1937.
In her book "Daddy Grace", Marie W. Dallam notes that the entire da Graca family were Roman Catholics in their homeland and opened up to different forms of the Christian experience once they immigrated to the United States. The USA-based Protestant Pentecostal Church of the Nazarene was the first non-Catholic Christian church to establish a mission in Cape Verde in 1900.
Benventura da Graca, the brother of Marcelino, would later become a Church of the Nazarene pastor in the USA. Marcelino, however, was said inside the da Graca family (according to the research done by Dallam) to have always been a "special child". Unlike the conventional ministry of his brother, he went on to establish a unique and independent Christian ministry. After becoming a famous bishop it was recounted that as a youth he had received a commission to preach directly from God.
Building the United House Of Prayer for all people.
After leaving his job as a railway cook, Marcelino Manuel da Graca, using the anglicized version of his name, Charles Manuel (Emmanuel) Grace, began using the title bishop. In 1919, Daddy Grace, as parishioners knew him, built the first House of Prayer in West Wareham, Massachusetts at the cost of thirty-nine dollars. He later established branches in Charlotte, North Carolina and Newark, New Jersey Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Bishop Grace traveled America preaching and establishing the United House of Prayer for All People. The Constitution and By-Laws of The United House of Prayer, promulgated in 1929, stated that the purpose of the organization in pertinent part was "to erect and maintain places of worship and assembly where all people may gather prayer and to worship the Almighty God, irrespective of denomination or creed." He traveled extensively throughout the segregated South in the 1920s and 1930s preaching to integrated congregations years before the civil rights struggles of the 1950s and 1960s and the religious ecumenical movements which followed.
One leader of The Kingdom of God.
One of the principles that Bishop Grace taught which provoked controversy was the concept of one man leadership. Grace used the Bible as his reference and taught that God only used one man at a time (e.g. Noah, Moses, and Jesus) for divine leadership and that he, Bishop Grace, was God's choice for the only 'divine leader' of today. 
In light of the foregoing one of the many criticisms made against Grace is the following statement which Grace is to have allegedly made in the early 1940s: "Salvation is by Grace only. Grace has given God a vacation, and since He is on vacation, don't worry about Him. If you sin against God, Grace can save you, but if you sin against Grace, God cannot save you." At the Church in Newport News, Virginia, someone asked Daddy Grace if he is God? He said: “No! I wouldn’t be God.” 
The most extensive research done,that by Edward E. Curtis IV and Danielle Brune Sigler in their book "The New Black Gods" on this widely repeated statement, one that appeared in the book "Black Gods of the Metropolis" by Fauset shows that "Nonetheless, the "interpretation of this point – that Grace claimed he himself was God – has been almost completely definitive in both academic and popular literature, and only a handful of writers have ever questioned it, usually as an aside".
Further more the book "Black Gods of the Metropolis" by Fauset shows, according to the research by Curtis/Sigler, that "Mr. Fauset selectively quoted certain parts of the original message which changed the context." The original statement as explained in "The New Black Gods" was spoken by a United House of Prayer member and not by Bishop Grace. Thus showing that both the members and Bishop Grace thought that he was not "God himself", but merely an "intermediary" and "the path to salvation" for and to God.
Faith-healing savior.
For Bishop Grace and his followers the miraculous stories as told of the Apostles in the New Testament of the Bible did not end with their deaths. Grace asserted that such miracles were available again, through him. As "Daddy Grace", the bishop and leader of the United House of Prayer, he was well known and respected by his followers as a faith healer and miracle worker. 
According to researcher Marie W. Dallum, in her book "Daddy Grace", Bishop Grace also claimed that by the power of the Holy Ghost he could raise the dead. One such person who claimed that he did was his younger sister Jeannie (Eugenia), who reportedly died and was raised again by Grace. She would accompany Grace in his missionary tours and testify to the fact. This account and others by followers of Bishop Grace and recorded in the United House of Prayer publications were picked up and reported by the outside press. In a 1926 news article the New Bedford "Standard-Times" Bishop Grace was quoted as saying: "I am come as the power of the Gospel to heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils..(I) do these things in (Jesus) name." 
Bishop Grace offered an entire line of anointed products such as soap, stationery, tea, coffee, cookies, toothpaste, facial creams, talcum powder, hair dressing, and the "Grace Magazine" to raise money for the United House of Prayer and for use by the faithful.
Personal style, appearance and persona.
According to researcher Marie W. Dallum, Grace was an early prototype of what is now understood in western culture as the "celebrity preacher". Active during the early and mid-20th century, Grace used attention-getting maneuvers such as wearing loudly colored suits with bold, different-colored piping and shiny buttons, along with glitzy, expensive jewelry and long fingernails painted red, white and blue to draw attention. Standing 5 foot 8 inches tall and bronze of skin color Daddy Grace wore shoulder-length hair and some onlookers compared his countenance to one that some would say resembled what Jesus Christ may have looked like in subjective popular opinion according to the Charlotte news of Sept 11,1938.
Cars, homes, and trophy properties.
Bishop Grace lived and traveled in style. For travel he had a Packard, a Pierce-Arrow and a Cadillac, all chauffeur-driven, while he would be accompanied by bodyguards, assistants, United House of Prayer elders, staff and secretaries. Grace collected up to 42 very large and expensive mansion homes, filled with expensive furniture, works of art and amenities in various states across the USA, as well as a 25-room mansion in Havana, Cuba that he purchased in 1936. He also accrued several income properties across the USA. One such notable purchase was of the The Eldorado, an iconic twin-towered apartment complex facing Central Park in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City in 1953. Grace culminated his real estate purchases with a massive palatial 85-room home in the historic Berkeley Square, an exclusive part of the West Adams, Los Angeles, California, area for the very wealthiest African Americans in 1958. In a time of legal housing discrimination in pre-1950s USA, much of Bishop Grace's purchases were no less than revolutionary, and were appreciated as such by his largely African-American followers. 
The purchase of trophy properties was not limited to large parsonages, landmark apartment complexes and swanky hotels. Grace also extended his property acquisition campaign to his religious rivals as well, evicting Father Divine from his International Peace Mission Movement Harlem headquarters after he had bought it from under him in 1938. Detroit's James F. Jones (minister), known as Prophet Jones, lost his signature 54-room Arden Park-East Boston Historic District parsonage, as well as the headquarters cathedral building of the sect he had founded, the Church of Universal Triumph, Dominion of God, to Bishop Grace in 1957. 
Bishop Grace's property acquisition campaign can be seen in the context of his duty, as leader, to build up the United house Of Prayer For All People according to the constitution and by-laws of the organization. Those rules also stipulate that the bishop is designated as trustee of all church property on behalf of the members.
Legacy and followers.
The most notable organizational outcome of the 40 year ministry of Bishop Grace in the United States of America is the religious denomination known as the United House of Prayer For All People. The United House of Prayer is active across the country and is characterized by its lively gospel music shout bands, affordable soul food restaurants, annual "Christian Saints" marching parades replete with marching bands and baton twirling majorettes as well as its public street baptisms, sometimes performed by fire hose. Each successive leader/Bishop of the United House of Prayer for All People continues in the one-man leadership style initiated by Bishop Grace and each successive Bishop is called "Daddy" in turn. 
Besides the United House of Prayer for All People, other USA denominations also trace their origins to the ministry of Bishop Grace. Prominent among them is the New York City-based "House of the Lord Pentecostal Church on the Mount". This church was founded by a former Daddy Grace activist, Bishop Alonzo Austin Daughtry in Augusta, Georgia. Alonzo Daughtry left the United House of Prayer fold to found the "House of the Lord" church in 1930 over theological disputes with the United House of Prayer over interpretations of the person of Bishop Grace. Another is the associated churches that make up the "True Grace Memorial House of Prayer for All People", founded in 1961 by dissident Daddy Grace ministers in various cities who didn't accept Elder Walter McCullough as the successor to Bishop Grace as the leader of the United House of Prayer for All people.

</doc>
<doc id="21488355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488355" title="Chikkun Takkun">
Chikkun Takkun

Media.
Manga.
Briefly titled "Chikkun's Grand Adventures", the story revolves around a girl named Miko meeting Chikkun, who crash-landed near her house. Dr. Bell and Giji-Giji crashed on Earth not too far away and set about trying to enslave the planet, but are easily deterred by Chikkun and Takkun. The manga ran in several different magazines from 1982 to 1984, but Ishinomori ended the series as soon as the anime was put in progress.
Anime.
Chikkun, Prince of Planet R, goes to Earth with his advisor and bodyguard robot in search of the Waruchin Encyclopedia . The book, when connected to a computer system, is capable of making anything possible. Chikkun lands on earth and falls in love with a girl named Miko, who is the leader of a group of girls called the Kyunkyuns, who befriend him immediately. At the same time, the original thieves of the Waruchin, Dr. Bell and his assistant Giji-Giji, are on Earth and attempting to take over the planet with the Waruchin. Miko, her family, and the Kyunkyuns join together to repeatedly stop Dr. Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="21488366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488366" title="Bangi language">
Bangi language

The Bangi language, or Bobangi, is a relative and main lexical source of the Lingala language spoken in central Africa. Dialects of the language are spoken on both sides of the Ubangi and Congo Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="21488373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488373" title="Greenwood, Halifax County, Nova Scotia">
Greenwood, Halifax County, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488386" title="Honner Force">
Honner Force

Honner Force was the name given to an ad hoc composite Australian Army force of approximately 500 men under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Honner, DSO, MC which served in the New Guinea campaign in 1942 in World War II.
It was formed on 11 September 1942, under 7th Australian Division Operational Instruction Number 10 and drew manpower from the 36th, 55th Battalion and 49th Battalions, which each provided approximately a company, plus a detachment from 2/6th Independent Company. The force was sent out by the New Guinea Force via Laloki–Goldie River to cut the enemy line of communications between Menari and Nauro. Consisting mainly of eighteen- and nineteen-year-old militiamen who were barely trained and ill-equipped, Honner Force found it difficult to traverse the muddy tracks and dense jungle, however, by 19 September they had reached the vicinity of Omaramara. The majority of the men were exhausted from the march, and the aerial re-supply that had been planned for them did not eventuate. As such they were unable to move beyond the limits of which ground supply could reach them. As the strategic situation around Kokoda had stabilised by then, it was decided that the force was in no condition to conduct offensive operations and they were subsequently disbanded shortly after with the men returning to their parent units without having seen action.

</doc>
<doc id="21488387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488387" title="Governor Lake, Nova Scotia">
Governor Lake, Nova Scotia

Governor Lake is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is named after a nearby lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488389" title="Katharoi">
Katharoi

Katharoi (Greek for "the Pure") may refer to the members of one of these religious movements:

</doc>
<doc id="21488407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488407" title="Goodwood, Nova Scotia">
Goodwood, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488408" title="WMRP-LP">
WMRP-LP

WMRP-LP is a Positive Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mundy Township, Michigan, serving the Mundy Township/Grand Blanc area. WMRP-LP is owned and operated by Swartz Creek Radio.
History.
WMRP-LP went on the air in March 2008, but its call sign dates back to 1946, when the now WWCK, used it as part of its MOR format and as a broadcast "arm" of the United Methodist Church, from which the station gets its call sign meaning.
In 1964, WMRP-AM would spawn an FM station, known as WMRP-FM, which today is WWCK-FM.
Neither of the two stations have any other relation to today's WMRP-LP 104.7 than this.
In January 2011, WMRP-LP 104.7 changed from adult Contemporary Christian music as "Ark 104.7" to a Positive Country format. It is the only radio station in Michigan to play Christian or inspirational country music full-time.

</doc>
<doc id="21488413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488413" title="Ruger Hawkeye">
Ruger Hawkeye

The Ruger Hawkeye was a single-shot pistol chambered for the .256 Winchester Magnum cartridge, produced by Sturm, Ruger in the 1960s. It was built on the same frame as the Ruger Blackhawk, but rather than having a rotating cylinder like a standard revolver, it featured a swiveling breechblock which allowed an individual round to be loaded and sealed into the frame.
The pistol was not a commercial success, and was discontinued after a short run.

</doc>
<doc id="21488419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488419" title="Grand Desert, Nova Scotia">
Grand Desert, Nova Scotia

History.
Ancestors of the native Mi'kmaq lived along these shores for thousands of years prior to the arrival of the Europeans.
It is known that Vikings traveled in this part of the world in the year 1000 and that Portuguese, French and Basque fishermen were frequenting these shores in search of the plentiful cod in the late 1400s and early 1500s. In 1524 Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the coastline from Cape Breton to Florida for King Francis I of France and Jacques Cartier followed in 1534-36. In 1604 Henry IV granted a monopoly on these lands to Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons and the entire area was known as La Cadie or L'Acadie.
Grand Désert is one of the five villages located along the Chezzetcook Inlet. It has been suggested that Acadians were living in this area as early as 1740 and by the 1750s the Chezzetcook Inlet was home to 10 Acadian families. It is also known that by the beginning of the 1770s, there were 12 Acadian families who had made their way here.
The loyalty of all Acadians was a concern for the British in the 1750s, as they concentrated their efforts to establish a presence on the Atlantic seaboard. In the fall of 1755, the deportation (also referred to as the Great Expulsion) of the Acadians was authorized and carried out by the British under the command of Lieutenant-Governor Charles Lawrence. Many Acadians were deported and their valuable cultivated lands, houses and livestock were seized. Some, between 1758 and 1762, were brought to Halifax as prisoners. Those not deported were allowed to resettle in the province. 
A few made their way to Chezzetcook Inlet and their names are reflected in the population of Grand Désert today: LaPierre, Bellefontaine and Wolfe. Other Acadian families trace their roots to the Cape Breton Acadians who were granted permission to settle in the Chezzetcook area. The family names represented in this group are: Petipas, Roma, Bonin (Bonang), Manet, and Mayet. The Breau and Bonnevie families came from the island of Miquelon and the Julien family descends from a soldier of the Napoleonic Wars. With the signing of the Treaty of Paris (1763), the Acadian population was allowed to live in peace in Nova Scotia. Many deported Acadians were granted permission to return to Nova Scotia and their number slowly grew. There were 47 families on the Chezzetcook Inlet by 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="21488433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488433" title="European Karate Federation">
European Karate Federation

The European Karate Federation (EKF) is the governing body of sport karate of more than 50 countries in Europe. The EKF was founded in 1963 and is composed of the National Karate Federations of most European Nations and is recognised by it as its only representative in Europe,
member of World Karate Federation, the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 130 member countries. It is the only karate organization recognised by the International Olympic Committee and has more than ten million members. The EKF has the aim of promoting, organising, regulating and popularising the sport of Karate and participates in WKF World Karate Championships. The President of the EKF is Antonio Espinos of Spain who serves also as the president of WKF.

</doc>
<doc id="21488446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488446" title="Halibut Bay, Nova Scotia">
Halibut Bay, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488450" title="Marcus Öberg">
Marcus Öberg

Marcus Öberg (born February 18, 1982) is a Swedish middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Malmö Muay Thai Gym in Malmö. He is former two time Swedish champion and K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 tournament winner.

</doc>
<doc id="21488473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488473" title="Law Abiding Citizen">
Law Abiding Citizen

Law Abiding Citizen is a 2009 American thriller film directed by F. Gary Gray from a screenplay written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Jamie Foxx and Gerard Butler. The film takes place in Philadelphia and tells the story of a man driven to commit multiple murders while targeting not only his family's killer but also a corrupt criminal justice system. "Law Abiding Citizen" was released theatrically in North America on October 16, 2009.
The film was nominated for a Saturn Award as the "Best Action/Adventure/Thriller Film" of the year, but lost to Inglourious Basterds, and the film also garnered NAACP Image Awards nominations for both Jamie Foxx (Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture) and F. Gary Gray (Outstanding Directing in a Motion Picture).
Plot.
In a 1999 Philadelphia home invasion, Clarence James Darby (Christian Stolte) and his accomplice Rupert Ames (Josh Stewart) kill the wife and daughter of Clyde Alexander Shelton (Gerard Butler) before his eyes. Prosecutor Nick Rice (Jamie Foxx) is unable to use DNA hard evidence to securely convict both accused. Unwilling to take a chance on lowering his high conviction rate, he makes a deal with Darby, letting him plead guilty to a lesser charge and receive a reduced sentence in return for testifying against Ames. Ames is found guilty and is sentenced to death. Darby is released after a few years. Shelton feels betrayed by Rice's actions and by the justice system in general.
Ten years later, Ames's time on death row is up. Unknown to the prosecutors and the witnesses, the cardiotoxic drug usually used in executions has been replaced with an anticonvulsant, causing Ames to die an extremely painful death. Evidence relating to tampering with the drug implicates Darby. An anonymous caller alerts Darby as the police draw near, and directs him to a remote location. Shelton, disguised as a cop, reveals himself as the caller and paralyzes Darby with puffer fish venom. He straps Darby to a table and slowly dismembers him as revenge for murdering his wife and daughter, videorecording the gory proceedings. When Darby's remains are found, circumstantial evidence tentatively ties his death to Shelton. Despite knowing the evidence is weak, Shelton surrenders himself into police custody, where he points out the flaws in Rice's case against him. Shelton tells Rice he will give a full and real confession if Rice will get a couple of things for him; the first is to get Shelton a new bed for his cell.
As he leaves the interrogation room, Rice receives a phone call from his wife, and learns that Shelton had sent a copy of the snuff film of Darby's demise to his house, traumatising his daughter. He initially refuses to bargain with Shelton in order to get a confession. But District Attorney Jonas Cantrell (Bruce McGill) orders Rice to make a deal, so Rice gets Shelton a new bed. In court, Shelton represents himself. He successfully argues that he should be granted bail, then berates the judge for accepting the "bullshit" legal precedents he himself cited and for being too eager to let madmen and murderers back on the street. The judge jails Shelton for contempt of court.
Shelton demands a porterhouse steak lunch be delivered to his cell by a specific time, in return for telling where to find Darby's lawyer, who was reported missing three days earlier. Rice agrees, though the lunch is delayed by a few minutes due to the warden's pedantic security measures. Once he has his meal, Shelton provides a set of coordinates, where Rice and the others find Darby's lawyer, buried alive but suffocated when his air supply ran out while Shelton's lunch was being delayed. Shelton kills his cellmate using the steak's bone, forcing the warden to secure him in solitary confinement.
Cantrell arranges a meeting with a CIA contact and brings Rice. They learn that Shelton has previously worked with the agency, creating devices to assassinate people in imaginative ways, such as a necktie that kept getting tighter when it was tied, thus strangling the victim. Further, they are warned that Shelton is capable of killing anyone he wishes, no matter where he is. During a meeting with Rice and Cantrell, the judge is killed when she answers her cell phone and it explodes. Shelton demands Rice to drop all charges against him or more people will die. A number of Rice's assistants are killed by car bombs, one of them Sarah Lowell (Leslie Bibb). As Rice and Cantrell leave the funeral of Lowell, Cantrell is killed by a weaponized bomb disposal robot. The mayor (Viola Davis) puts the city under lockdown and promotes Rice to acting District Attorney.
Rice learns that Shelton owns an auto garage next to the prison. A tunnel from the garage leads to a cache of guns, disguises, and other equipment below the solitary confinement cells, and secret entrances to each cell. He and Police Detective Dunnigan (Colm Meaney) realize Shelton wanted to be in solitary, allowing him to easily leave the prison without detection and commit the murders. Evidence in the tunnel points Rice to Shelton's next target, city hall, where the mayor is holding an emergency meeting with city officials. Rice and his men cannot find Shelton, but discover evidence pointing to a cell-phone-activated suitcase bomb in the room directly below the meeting.
Shelton returns to his garage after planting the city hall bomb, then returns to his cell. He is surprised to find Rice waiting for him. Rice berates Shelton for taking revenge because of the pain he suffered. Shelton suggests another deal, but Rice refuses this time, saying that he does not make deals with murderers anymore, and thanks Shelton for teaching him that. Rice and Dunnigan secure Shelton in the cell and leave. Despite being pleased that Rice had finally learned his lesson, Shelton dials the cell phone on the city hall bomb. Shelton realizes too late that Rice has moved the bomb to his cell and the cell's entrance to the tunnel has been sealed. Shelton looks upon his daughter's bracelet with a sense of sadness, accepting his fate as the bomb explodes.
Production.
Filming began in August 2008 and took place in and around Philadelphia. Filming locations included Philadelphia's City Hall and the old Eastern State Penitentiary.
The film was edited after being threatened with an NC-17 rating for violence, with the full version released unrated on Blu-ray.
Soundtrack.
The score to "Law Abiding Citizen" was composed by Brian Tyler, who recorded his score with a 52-piece ensemble of the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Sony Scoring Stage with help from Kieron Charlesworth. The movie also uses "Eminence Front" by The Who and "Engine No. 9" by Deftones on Clyde's iPod while he is eating his steak in his cell. While Clyde calls Darby to help him 'escape' the police after Ames' execution, "Bloodline" by Slayer is Darby's ringer.
The tune at the end for closing credits is "Sin's A Good Man's Brother" by Grand Funk Railroad.
Release.
The film was released theatrically on October 16, 2009. The first theatrical trailer was released on August 14, 2009 and was attached to "District 9".
The premiere was held on November 15, 2009 at the Cineworld complex in Glasgow - hometown of Gerard Butler. Many British tabloids have labeled this event as the "Homecoming Premiere", in reference to the Homecoming Scotland celebrations.
Reception.
The film took second place in its opening weekend, with $21,039,502, behind "Where the Wild Things Are". It went on to gross $126.6 million total worldwide.
"Law Abiding Citizen" received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 25% score, with an average rating of 4.3/10 based on 155 reviews. The site's critical consensus states that "Unnecessarily violent and unflinchingly absurd, Law Abiding Citizen is plagued by subpar acting and a story that defies reason." 
In his review for the "Chicago Sun Times", Roger Ebert said, ""Law Abiding Citizen" is the kind of movie you will like more at the time than in retrospect." He then went on to say, "Still, there's something to be said for a movie you like well enough at the time." Ebert rated the film 3 out of 4 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="21488479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488479" title="Svyatonossky Gulf">
Svyatonossky Gulf

Svyatonossky Gulf (, Svyatonossky zaliv) is a body of water off the northeastern coast of the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia. Bukhtovka River flows to the gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="21488496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488496" title="Emmeline">
Emmeline

Emmeline, The Orphan of the Castle is the first novel published by English writer Charlotte Turner Smith. A Cinderella story in which the heroine stands outside the traditional economic structures of English society and ends up wealthy and happy, the novel is a fantasy. At the same time, it criticises the traditional marriage arrangements of the 18th century, which allowed women little choice and prioritised the needs of the family. Smith's criticisms of marriage stemmed from her personal experience and several of the secondary characters are thinly veiled depictions of her family, a technique which both intrigued and repelled contemporary readers.
"Emmeline" comments on the 18th-century novel tradition, presenting reinterpretations of scenes from famous earlier works, such as Samuel Richardson's "Clarissa" (1747–48). Moreover, the novel extends and develops the tradition of Gothic fiction. In combination with this, Smith's style marks her as an early Romantic. Her characters learn about their identities from nature and her landscape descriptions are imbued with political messages about gender relations.
Smith had separated from her husband in 1787 and was forced to write to support herself and her children. She quickly began writing novels, which were profitable at the time. "Emmeline" was published a year later in 1788; the first edition sold out quickly. Smith's novel was so successful that her publisher paid her more than he had initially promised. The novel was printed in the United States, translated into French, and issued several times during the 19th century.
Composition.
Smith and her husband had a tumultuous relationship and in April 1787, after twenty-two years of marriage, she left him. She wrote that she might "have been contented to reside in the same house with him", had not "his temper been so capricious and often so cruel" that her "life was not safe". Her father-in-law had settled money on her children and she expected to receive the money within a year of the separation, thinking she would have to support her children for only a year or so. She never received the money during her lifetime, however, and was forced to write until her death in 1806. To support her ten living children, she had to produce many works and quickly. She wrote almost every day and once works were sent to the printer, they were rarely revised or corrected. Lorraine Fletcher notes in her introduction to the Broadview Press of "Emmeline", "there were times when she did not know how a novel would finish even when she was well into the last volume", however outright errors were "rare".
Plot summary.
"Emmeline" is set in Pembroke, Wales and centres around the eponymous heroine. Her parents are both dead and she has been supported by her father's brother, Lord Montreville, at Mowbray Castle. It is suggested at the beginning of the novel that Emmeline's parents were not married when she was born, making her illegitimate; on these grounds, Lord Montreville has claimed Mowbray Castle for himself and his family. Emmeline has been left to be raised by servants, but through reading, she has become educated and accomplished and catches the eye of Lord Montreville's son, Lord Delamere. Delamere falls in love with her and proposes but Emmeline refuses him because his father does not approve and she feels only sisterly affection for him. To escape Delamere's protestations of love, Emmeline leaves Mowbray Castle and lives first with Mrs. Stafford and then Mrs. Ashwood, where Delamere continues to pursue her. Emmeline also rejects the suits of other rich men, confounding the people around her.
The Croft family, lawyers who are trying to rise in society, have influence over and control Lord Montreville. The younger Croft son secretly marries the eldest Montreville daughter to secure a fortune—a most unfortunate match from Lord Montreville's perspective.
Delamere abducts Emmeline: he attempts to take her to Scotland and to force her to marry him. However, after falling ill of a fever, she convinces him to abandon his plans. When Delamere’s mother, Lady Montreville, becomes ill, he is compelled to visit his family. To help her recover, he promises not to see Emmeline for a year. If, after that period, he still loves her, his parents promise to allow him to marry her and she reluctantly agrees.
Emmeline becomes friends with Augusta, Delamere’s sister. Augusta marries Lord Westhaven, who by happenstance, is the brother of Emmeline’s new acquaintance in the country—Adelina. Adelina left her dissipated husband for a lover who abandoned her with a child. She is so distraught that when she sees her brother, Lord Westhaven, she fears his chastisement so much that she briefly goes insane. Emmeline nurses her and her baby; while doing so, she meets Adelina's other brother, Godolphin.
The Crofts circulate rumours of Emmeline’s infidelity to Delamere and when he visits her and sees her with Adelina’s child, he assumes the child is hers and abandons her. Emmeline then travels to France with Mrs. Stafford and Augusta, where she discovers her parents were actually married and that she deserves to inherit Mowbray Castle. Lord Montreville hands the estate over to her, after discovering he was duped by the Crofts. Delamere becomes ill upon discovering that Emmeline was never unfaithful to him. She nurses him, but refuses to marry him. His mother dies in her anxiety over his condition and he dies fighting a duel over his sister’s lover. In the end, Emmeline marries Godolphin.
Themes.
Marriage.
"Emmeline" criticises the traditional marriage arrangements of the 18th century, which allowed women little choice and prioritised the needs of the family. Mrs. Stafford, for example, is married quite young to a man with whom she has little in common; only her love for her children keeps her in the marriage (children legally belonged to their father at this time). She has the opportunity to take a lover, but she rejects this option. The novel’s plot reveals the consequences for a woman who does choose this route. Adelina, who was also married young and is unhappy, accepts a lover (the same one Mrs. Stafford rejects). As Fletcher explains, the doubling of the two characters invites a comparison and “in keeping with the increasingly liberal tone of the time the narrator allows Adelina to be happy in the end.” The doubling also “suggest that 'good' and 'bad' women have more in common that some readers were prepared to accept in 1788”. Unlike in most 18th-century novels, the "fallen" woman does not die. As punishment, Adelina goes mad, but she is rewarded in the end—her husband dies and she remarries a man who makes her happy.
Property.
Because Emmeline is thought to be illegitimate, she stands outside the official social structure for most of the novel. She must often choose between a family she claims as her own (the Montrevilles) and her own desires. As Fletcher explains, “she embodies a fantasy that has often engaged novel readers, the fantasy that a young woman can win devoted love and overcome all difficulties by her personal qualities alone, without the help of family or dowry.” In writing a version of the Cinderella fairy tale, Smith highlights the disjunction between the fantasy and the 18th-century reality that women without property had little worth in English society.
Autobiography.
Through the Staffords, Smith draws a picture of her marriage. Throughout her career, beginning with "Elegiac Sonnets" (1784), Smith represented her own personal struggles in her works. In the Staffords, she showed a "responsible wife and devoted mother, who attempts to avert her husband's disgrace". In a direct parallel to Smith's own life, Mrs. Stafford must deal with her husband's creditors after which the family flees to France. Adelina also resembles elements of Smith's history, particularly the unhappy marriage that is forced on her early in life by her family. In "Emmeline" Smith begins a pattern of using secondary heroines to tell her story. Readers who knew her story, which she made public, could identify with her personally. As Fletcher explains, "she shrewdly promoted her career, gained sympathy for her problems as a single mother and turned herself into a celebrity through self-revelation." Initially readers found this technique fascinating and persuasive, but over the years, they came to agree with poet Anna Seward:"I have always been told that Mrs. Smith designed, nay that she acknowledges, the characters of Mr. and Mrs. Stafford to be drawn for herself and her husband. Whatever may be Mr. Smith's faults, surely it was as wrong as indelicate, to hold up the man, whose name she bears, the father of her children, to public contempt in a novel."
Duelling.
Smith explores femininity through her portrayal of marriage of property and masculinity through duelling. She compares and contrasts different forms of duelling through five different male characters. Mr. Elkerton is terrified of fighting in a duel; he remains part of the commercial class, failing to achieve the respectability of a gentleman. The elder Croft brother, also part of the commercial class, fails to challenge his wife's lover to a duel. In these characters, Smith demonstrates her "contempt for the commercial class". However, she also criticises "aristocratic recklessnes and self-indulgence" in the characters of Delamere and de Bellozane—both fight duels intending to kill their opponents. It is the hero Godolphin who navigates a middle way. He threatens a duel but is dissuaded from carrying it out by the women in the story.
Genre.
Eighteenth-century novel.
Smith's novel comments on the development of the genre during the 18th century. For example, usually the heroine marries the first man she thinks of as a possible husband in the novel, but this is not the case in "Emmeline". Emmeline marries Godolphin, a character who does not appear until half-way through the narrative. Some readers felt that this was dangerous, since it suggested that the ideal woman would have a romantic past. Smith also rewrites earlier scenes from best-selling novels, offering her own interpretation of them. For example, “Delamere's half-tricking, half-forcing Emmeline into a waiting coach” mirrors a scene from Samuel Richardson’s "Clarissa" (1747–48). However, unlike Richardson's tale, Smith's does not end tragically but rather with Delamere succumbing to Emmeline's wishes and returning her safe to her home.
Cinderella story.
The structure of "Emmeline" follows the Cinderella pattern: the poor, social outcast becomes rich and socially acceptable. This easy plot resolution, which was expected by readers at the time, was unconvincing to some, such as novelist Walter Scott; others have argued that the ending was meant to feel false and thus force readers to attend to the injustices outlined earlier in the novel.
Gothic novel.
The castle is a metaphor for Emmeline's body: Delamere wants to possess both. When he first encounters Emmeline, he attempts to rape her, breaking into her room. She escapes through the winding staircases of the Gothic castle, mimicking a scene in Horace Walpole's Gothic novel "The Castle of Otranto" (1764). Darker elements of the Gothic appear in the Adelina plot line, as she descends into madness and fears violence from those surrounding her.
Style.
Smith's novels were praised for their descriptions of landscapes, a technique new to the novel in the late eighteenth century. In "Emmeline", the heroine's identity is formed by her encounters with nature, necessitating intricate descriptions of the heroine's mind and surrounding nature. Smith's descriptions were particularly literary, drawing on Thomas Gray's "Memoirs of the Life and Writing of Mr. Gray" (1775), William Gilpin's "Observations on the River Wye" (1782), and Edmund Burke's "A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful" (1757). For example, Emmeline observes that the storm she sees from the Isle of Wight, has "grandeur gratified her taste for the sublime", indicating a Burkean view of nature. In the scene, Godolphin, a naval officer, assumes authority and rescues a foundering party. Burke had associated the sublime with masculinity and the beautiful with femininity; Smith follows him here and indicates to the reader, via the setting, that Godolphin is the hero. However, Smith challenges these strict gender conventions, for example, when she has Emmeline decide to care for Adelina and disregard the social risk involved. Smith describes nature precisely, accurately listing flowers and trees, but she also adds "an emotional and political colouring". As Fletcher explains, "To be in Nature is to recognise, to learn and ultimately to choose. Her protagonists must look at the forms of nature to find themselves. In this sense Smith is an early Romantic".
Publication and reception.
"Emmeline" was published in four volumes by Thomas Cadell in April 1788 and sold for twelve shillings. The first edition of 1500 copies sold out quickly and a corrected second edition was quickly issued.
The novel was so successful that Cadell paid her more than he had promised, altogether 200 guineas. Four additional editions were published before the end of the 18th century and five during the 19th century. The novel was translated into French, with six editions of "L’Orpheline du Chateau" appearing before 1801. There was also a Philadelphia edition in 1802. The novel was not reprinted in the 20th century until Oxford University Press’s 1971 edition.
In general, the novel was "warmly received" and "the reviewers were mainly complimentary". "The Critical Review" compared it favourably with Frances Burney's "Cecilia", particularly the detail of its characterisation. The "Monthly Review" praised it generally, saying "the whole is conducted with a considerable degree of art; that the characters are natural, and well discriminated: that the fable is uncommonly interesting; and that the moral is forcible and just". Mary Wollstonecraft, who reviewed the novel anonymously for the "Analytical Review" did not agree with the majority of reviewers, however. She "lamented" "that the false expectations these wild scenes excite, tend to debauch the mind, and throw an insipid kind of uniformity over the moderate and rational prospects of life, consequently "adventures" are sought for and created, when duties are neglected, and content despised." However, she did single out the virtuous character of Mrs. Stafford for praise.

</doc>
<doc id="21488503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488503" title="Gilberto Hinojosa">
Gilberto Hinojosa

Gilberto Hinojosa is a former Cameron County, Texas, judge and is the current chair of the Texas Democratic Party. He served as the head of Cameron County's government from 1995 to 2006.
Early career.
While living in Washington, DC, Hinojosa worked as a Staff Attorney for the Migrant Legal Action Program, Inc. He later became the Director of the Migrant Division of Colorado Rural Legal Services, Inc., in Denver, Colorado. Upon his return to his native Texas, Hinojosa continued practicing law as the Managing Attorney for the Texas Rural Legal Aid, Inc., located in Brownsville, Texas. Although he briefly partnered with another law firm it was only until 1995 that he established his law firm of Magallanes & Hinojosa, P.C., in Brownsville, Texas.
County judge.
Hinojosa was elected Cameron County Judge on November 8, 1994. During his administration, international bridges to Mexico were built and the restoration of the 1912 era courthouse was completed. The Dancy Building now houses the present county administration.
On August 11, 2003, Hinojosa appeared before the United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works in support of Senate Bill 1329, which would provide assistance in the relocation of railroads to improve access for commercial traffic passing through Cameron County to and from the international border with Mexico. During his statement, he also voiced his support for the planned Interstate 69 project. After the bill passed, the Cameron County West Rail Relocation Project was initiated which provided for the construction of a railroad across the Rio Grande from Brownsville, Texas, to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico, with approximately $21 million in federal funds provided. The present administration of Judge Carlos Cascos continues to work towards completion of this project.
County Democratic Chairman.
Hinojosa was elected Chairman of the Cameron County Democratic Party on November 12, 2007. One day after the inauguration of President Barack Obama, Hinojosa attended the Democratic National Committee Winter Meeting held in Washington, DC. On January 23, 2008, he nominated Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to head the Democratic National Committee. Thereafter, a unanimous vote made Governor Kaine the new leader of the Democratic Party.
Texas Democratic Party Chairmanship.
On May 12, 2011, Hinojosa announced his intention to run for Chair of the Texas Democratic Party upon incumbent Boyd Richie announcing he would not run for re-election. He named Houston Attorney Cris Felman treasurer of his campaign.
Hinojosa was elected Chair of the Texas Democratic Party on June 9, 2012 at the state party convention held in Houston. He replaced Boyd Richie, who retired. [https://twitter.com/TXDemParty/status/211548842326376448]

</doc>
<doc id="21488521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488521" title="The Unreals">
The Unreals

The Unreals is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Donald Jeffries, published in 2007 by StoneGarden. Conspiracy theories feature prominently in the plot, with the JFK assassination playing an especially significant role.
Compared to "The Wizard of Oz", the television show "The Twilight Zone" and epic Russian literature, "The Unreals" has also been referred to as a conspiracy manifesto. Jeffries was heavily influenced by such books as "Nineteen Eighty-Four", "Dracula" and "A Wrinkle In Time". He also utilized his keen infatuation with old (pre-1930 era) Major League Baseball players, by sprinkling numerous obscure references to them throughout the book.
The author.
Donald Jeffries was born in Washington in 1956. He now lives in northern Virginia with his wife and children. "The Unreals" is his first novel.

</doc>
<doc id="21488561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488561" title="The Burning Wild Man">
The Burning Wild Man

The Burning Wild Man, known in Japanese as is a manga created by Tadashi Satō. It ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1987 to 1991 with 19 volumes. It was later adapted into an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The 24 episode series aired on Nihon Television from March 1988 to September 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="21488569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488569" title="Clonbinane, Victoria">
Clonbinane, Victoria

Clonbinane is a sparse pastoral community in the Australian state of Victoria. It is located north of the state capital city, Melbourne. Geographically, it lies east of the Hume Freeway but lacks a distinctive township precinct. According to Crown Land records of 1856, the pastoral region was part of the Western Port District.
The name Clonbinane suggests a marriage of two surnames, Clon and Binane. The Binane part may have found its origins in Welsh, Irish or Scottish clans surnames, deriving from the Latin "Benedictus". It is suggested that the Binane part of the name came from the galectisation of Benedictus and that the Clon part may have its origins in early Scottish history. It is not clear how the name came about as a mention in the Crown Land Leases of 1848.
History.
Colonial history.
During the development of the Australian colonies, the Clonbinane area was part of the Colony of New South Wales between 1788 and 1851 when, on 1 July 1851, Victoria was separated from New South Wales. An early mention of the name Clonbinane appeared in Melbourne's Argus Newspaper of 29 September 1848 in relation to Claims to Leases of Crown Land. At that time, a 25,600 Acre Run Clonbinane was cited as a claim by Michael Heffernan. The property was bound 5 miles along Reedy Creek to the North, Mt Whitehead 1 and 1/2 miles to the West, up to the ranges East and 3 miles off Kirk and Harlin to the South with a potential for 600 head of cattle.
Gold mining.
Gold mining commenced in the Clonbinane area around 1870 and lasted until around 1880. There was a cyanide processing plant on the Wandong-Kilmore Rd which served the local gold mines. When the gold appeared to run out, the area was extensively logged and supported saw milling. More recently, test drillings have indicated 2.0 - 10 g/tonne potential yield on the Golden Dyke, Rising Sun and Apollo prospects at Beadell Resources Reedy Creek Project.
Postal services.
Clonbinane Post Office opened on 23 January 1892 and closed on 1 July 1895, reopening again 5 October 1897 and closing 30 April 1956. According to the Victorian Postal Guide of March 1895, mail coming from Melbourne had to be posted by 0530 Hours to reach Clonbinane Post Office by 1330 Hrs on the same day, allowing for sorting and logistics. At Clonbinane, mail had to lodged by 0900 hours to reach Melbourne's GPO by 1525 Hrs. The time-frames would suggest mail was routinely carried by train during the period, probably between Melbourne and Wandong. Clonbinane shares a postcode with neighbouring towns Broadford, Flowerdale, Hazeldene, Reedy Creek, Strath Creek, Sugarloaf Creek, Sunday Creek, Tyaak and Waterford Park. Waterford Park is regarded as the housing estate of Clonbinane. In 2006, the total population of this postcode was 5047. According to National Archives of Australia, it was determined in 1964 that, at the time of its existence in 1902, the Clonbinane Post Office was domiciled at the Clonbinane Park homestead. prominence of this site would suggest this is the true location of Clonbinane which concurs with government mapping.
2000s.
In July 2007, a Rockwell Commander 500S aircraft, en route to Shepparton from Essendon Airport, broke up in-flight approximately 1.5 km SSW of the Equine Centre (at ), crashing in a heavily timbered mountain range. The aircraft was carrying the aircraft's owner and a pilot on an aircraft recovery mission when it encountered severe turbulence; both sustained fatal injuries.
The region was affected by the Black Saturday bushfires on 7 February 2009 with the fires converging from Kilmore East over the area's farmlets.
Places of Interest.
The area is host to the Australian Equine Behavioural Centre, located at just before the entrance to the Anderson's Gardens bush park on the Clonbinane Road at the entrance to the Mt Disappointment National Park. As at 1 Aug 2011, the bush parks are still inaccessible or difficult to access due to forest safety concerns after the fires.
Clonbinane Park.
"Clonbinane Park" is a heritage listed site built for M. K. McKenzie around 1885 located about 250m off the Clonbinane Road (at ). Crown land licence records from 1856 suggested two large pastoral properties (runs) of around 25,600 Acres were operated by the McKenzie and McDonald families at Clonbinane and Reedy Creek. According to the Melbourne Argus Newspaper of 27 January 1866, John McRae McKenzie was reported as being of Clonbinane and Tallarook Stations when on 25 January 1866 he married Emily Anne Cairnes, eldest daughter of Henry Cairnes of Dublin, Ireland. John McDonald was reported in the records to have been assessed for 4600 sheep, 20 cattle and 8 horses. "Clonbinane Park" was in 1922 a property of 1924 Acres with a 1210 grating area with excellent potential for cattle grazing and wool production. "Clonbinane Station" appears to have been a much larger property with a sales notice in the Argus Newspaper of 4 July 1878 citing 80,000 Acres. 
The old homestead at Clonbinane Park was later destroyed by the Black Saturday bushfires in 2009. As at 1 August 2011 it was inaccessible.
Weather.
Rainfall typically results in balanced wet and dry days per annum. Highest rainfall rates occur in February and late October through November. The average per day is around 2.9mm and the high range is 55mm to 70mm. Total rainfall per annum is around 1000 to 1400 mm.
Temperatures typically peak in February and are at their lowest in June–July which can result in morning frost. The daily spread is about 10 degrees. On Black Saturday, temperatures in and around Melbourne reached near 47°C.

</doc>
<doc id="21488570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488570" title="River Lake, Nova Scotia">
River Lake, Nova Scotia


</doc>
<doc id="21488573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488573" title="North University of China">
North University of China

North University of China (NUC; ) is a university based in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, China，which was once called North China Institute of Technology (1993–2004). It was formerly known as Taihang Industrial School,which was founded in September 8, 1941, and renamed Taiyuan Institute of Machinery in 1958. School played an important role in the improvement of the quality of our manpower and weaponry of PLA during the War of Resistance against Japan and the War of Liberation. In 2001, Bo Yibo wrote an inscription "The first school people's ordnance(人民兵工第一校) " at the 60 years' celebration of North China Institute of technology.
History.
NUC was formerly known as Taihang Industrial School,which was founded by the General headquarters of Eight Route Army in 1941. The first schoolmaster was Liu Ding who was in charge of United front.
Amalgamation.
(Artillery, automatic weapons, ammunition, fuses) from Beijing Industrial College(北京工业学院)(Present name:Beijing Institute of Technology北京理工大学) was all moved in.
Status.
Scale.
自2000年以后，学校的办学规模和办学质量有了显著的提高，在山西省的影响力和知名度逐渐增大。现在在校生有25206人，其中本科生22858人，博士、硕士研究生1425人，是山西省学生最多的高校。
College Song.
Schools and Departments.
1. School of Mechatronic Engineering
2. School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation
3. School of Material Science and Engineering
4. School of Chemical Engineering and Environment 
5. School of Information and Communication Engineering 
6. School of Electronic and Computer Science and Technology 
7. School of Science
8. School of Humanities and Social Sciences
9. School of Economics and Management
10. School of Sports and Art
13. Software School
12. Graduate School
13. College of Continuing Education

</doc>
<doc id="21488603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488603" title="Motovsky Gulf">
Motovsky Gulf

Motovsky Gulf (, Motovsky zaliv) is a body of water off the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia. The Titovka River flows to the gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="21488608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488608" title="Where's George?">
Where's George?

Where's George? is a website that tracks the natural geographic circulation of American paper money. Its popularity has led to the establishment of a number of other currency tracking websites (of which Where's George? remains the most popular by far), sites that track other objects—such as used books—and it has been used in at least one research paper to provide statistical patterns of human travel in the United States.
Overview.
The site was established in December 1998 by Hank Eskin, a database consultant in Brookline, Massachusetts. "Where's George?" refers to George Washington, whose portrait appears on the $1 bill. In addition to the $1 bill, $2-, $5-, $10-, $20-, $50-, and $100 denominations can be tracked. The $1 bill is by far the most popular denomination, followed by $20 bills, with a close second being the $5 bill.
To track a bill, a user enters the local ZIP Code, the serial number, and series of any US currency denomination. Users outside the US also can participate using an extensive database of unique codes assigned to non-American/Canadian locations. Once a bill is registered, the site reports the time between sightings, the distance between sightings, and any comments from the finders (called "user notes"). About $1.28 billion dollars in currency has been entered, about 0.114% of all bills in circulation.
The site does not track bills older than series 1963.
"Where's George?" is supported by advertising, sales of memorabilia, and by users who pay a fee for extra features. The "Friends of Where's George?" program allows these users to access the website free of advertisements; access certain features that others cannot, and refresh reports on the user's entered bills. The standard FOG is $8/month, while FOG+ is $13/month. Eskin states that the "Friends of Where's George?" program will always be optional and payment to use the site will always be at the individual's prerogative.
Hits.
A hit is when a registered bill is re-entered into the database after its initial entry. "Where's George?" does not have specific goals other than tracking currency movements, but many users like to collect interesting patterns of hits, called bingos. One of the most commonly sought after bingos involves getting at least one hit in all 50 states (called "50 State Bingo"). Another common bingo, called FRB Bingo, is when a user gets hits on bills from all 12 Federal Reserve Banks.
Most bills do not receive any responses, or hits, but many bills receive two or more hits. The approximate hit rate is around 11.4%. Double- and triple-hitters are common, and bills with 4 or 5 hits are not unheard of. Almost daily, a bill receives its 6th hit. The site record is held by a $1 bill with 15 entries.
To increase the chance of having a bill reported, users (called "Georgers") may write or stamp text on the bills encouraging bill finders to visit "www.wheresgeorge.com" and track the bill's travels. Bills that are entered into the database, but not marked, are known as naturals/stealths/ghosts. If a bill entry violates the established rules of "natural circulation" (e.g., a user has found the same bill twice, a user has had more than 20 bills wind up with another user, "et al"), it is flagged as an "alternate entry". If a user claims a wild, he is the submitters' "child".
Controversy.
The site does not encourage the defacement of U.S. Currency. In October 1999, when interviewed for the "New York Times", Eskin commented on why the Secret Service has not bothered the webmaster over the defacement of U.S. Currency: "They've got better things to do. They want to catch counterfeiters counterfeiting billions of dollars."
In April 2000, the site was investigated by the United States Secret Service, which informed Eskin that the selling of "Where's George?" rubber stamps on the web site is considered "advertising" on United States currency, which is illegal under 18 U.S.C. § 475. The site's administrators immediately ceased selling the rubber stamps and no further action against the site was taken. At least one spokesperson for the U.S. Secret Service has pointed out in print that marking U.S. bills, even if not defacement, is still illegal for other reasons under ; however, a Secret Service spokesman in Seattle, Washington, told "The Seattle Times" in 2004: "Quite frankly, we wouldn't spend too much looking into this."
Where's George? and geocaching.
The "Where's George?" site says it "prohibits trading or exchanging bills with friends, family or anyone known to the bill distributor for the purpose of re-entry". This rule is to encourage natural circulation of the currency, and to prevent multiple fake hits from happening on any bill. As a result, all bill entry notes containing the word "geocache" or "cache" are tagged as a geocache bill. The site has also dropped a separate listing of "Top 10 Geocache bills" and is cautioning that, if geocache sites are used too often, "all Geocache bills will be removed from this site".
George Score.
The "George Score" is a method of rating users based on how many bills they have entered and also by how many total hits they have had. The formula is as follows:
formula_1
This logarithmic formula means that the more bills a user enters and the more hits the user receives, the less the user's score increases for each entered bill or new hit. Thus, a user's score does not increase as quickly when the user has entered many bills. The #1 user, Wattsburg Gary, has an official George Score of 1,697.42 (as of September 8, 2013), and was the first user to break the 1500-George-Score mark and the one-million and two-million bills entered mark. Gary has entered over 2,195,973 bills.
Although there is a scoring system, the site makes it clear that this is not intended to be a contest. The site also prohibits marking bills and depositing them into financial institutions.
Community.
"Where's George?" includes a community of users that interact via forums. The forums are divided into several categories, ranging from regional to new-member-help threads. Some members of the site also participate in gatherings, held in various cities around the United States. Several of these gatherings have become annual events, and can vary widely in scope and size.
Released in 2006, the documentary film by Brian Galbreath named "WheresGeorge.com" serves as an insight into the hobby, hobbyists, and their get-togethers, which are known as "gatherings". The 27-minute color DVD features various interviews with "Georgers" at a St. Louis, Missouri gathering, and with Hank Eskin (the creator of wheresgeorge.com), as well as narrated information and statistics about the site and culture. The film has aired on PBS affiliates WTTW and WSIU.
Use in research.
Although "Where's George?" does not officially recognize the bills that travel the farthest or fastest, some have approached it as a semi-serious way to track patterns in the flow of the American currency.
Money flow displayed through "Where's George" was used in a 2006 research paper published by theoretical physicist Dirk Brockmann and his coworkers. The paper described statistical laws of human travel in the United States, and developed a mathematical model of the spread of infectious disease resulting from such travel. The article is in the January 26, 2006, issue of the journal "Nature". Researchers found that 57% of the nearly half a million dollar bills studied traveled between over approximately nine months in the United States. A short clip of a Brockmann's presentation on the subject from the IdeaFestival has been posted on YouTube. More recently, "Where's George?" data have been used to attempt to predict the rapidity and pattern of projected spread of the 2009 swine flu outbreak.

</doc>
<doc id="21488617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488617" title="Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity">
Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity

The Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity (DAVP) is the nodal agency of the Government of India for advertising by various Ministries and organisations of Government of India, including public sector undertakings and autonomous bodies. At the time of the Second World War, the Government of India asked the leading advertisement agencies to form a consortium and set up a publicity unit in Shimla to handle war propaganda, tackle rumour mongering, put out messages about black-outs and handle recruitment to the armed forces. When the war ended, this consortium was converted into its present form.
It was established in 1955 and has its headquarters in Delhi and regional offices in Bangalore and Guwahati. Its work is further facilitated by two regional distribution centres at Kolkata and Chennai. The Directorate includes an advertising wing for print, audio-video wing, exhibition wing, mass mailing wing, outdoor publicity wing, research wing, distribution wing and language wing in addition to an audio visual publicity cell.

</doc>
<doc id="21488622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488622" title="Self-administration">
Self-administration

Self-administration is, in its medical sense, the process of a subject administering a pharmacological substance to him-, her-, or itself. A clinical example of this is the subcutaneous "self-injection" of insulin by a diabetic patient.
In animal experimentation, self-administration is a form of operant conditioning where the reward is a drug. This drug can be administered remotely through an implanted intravenous line or an intracerebroventricular injection. Self-administration of putatively addictive drugs is considered one of the most valid experimental models to investigate drug-seeking and drug-taking behavior. The higher the frequency with which a test animal emits the operant behavior, the more rewarding (and possibly addictive), the test substance is considered. Self-administration of addictive drugs has been studied using humans, non-human primates, mice, and, most commonly, rats.
Self-administration of heroin and cocaine is used to screen drugs for possible effects in reducing drug-taking behavior, especially reinstatement of drug seeking after extinction. Drugs with this effect may be useful for treating people with drug addiction by helping them establish abstinence or reducing their probability or relapsing to drug use after a period of abstinence.
In a prominent model of self-administration developed by George Koob, rats are allowed to self-administer cocaine for either 1 hour each day (short access) or 6 hours each day (long access). Those animals who are allowed to self-administer for 6 hours a day show behavior that is thought to resemble cocaine dependence, such as an escalation of the total dose taken during each session and an increase in the dose taken when cocaine is first made available.
Background.
The "self-administration" behavioral paradigm serves as an animal behavioral model of the human pathology of addiction. During the task, animal subjects are operant conditioned to perform one action, typically a lever press, in order to receive a drug. Reinforcement (through the use of the drug) occurs contingent upon the subject performing the desired behavior. Drug dosing in self-administration studies is response-dependent. This is an important element of creating a disease model of drug addiction in humans because response-independent drug administration is associated with increased toxicity and different neurobiological, neurochemical and behavioral effects. In summary, the effects of response-dependent drug dosing greatly differ from response-independent drug dosing and self-administration studies appropriately capture this distinction.
History.
As far back as the mid 20th century, researchers have investigated animals’ drive to consume drugs of abuse in order to better understand human addictive processes. Spragg was one of the first researchers to create a model of chronic morphinism in a chimpanzee to explore the role of operant conditioning in relation to a drug dependency. When deprived of both food and morphine, chimpanzees would repeatedly attempt to seek out the drug of choice, even doing so much as to physically pull the experimenter into the room housing morphine and syringes. Weeks (1962) published an account of the first true use of the intravenous self-administration paradigm in a study aiming to model morphine addiction in unrestrained rats. For the first time, a drug of abuse served as an operant reinforcer and rats self-administered morphine to satiety in stereotyped response patterns.
The scientific community quickly adopted the self-administration paradigm as a behavioral means to examine addictive processes and adapted it to non-human primates. Thompson and Schuster (1964) studied the relative reinforcement properties of morphine in restrained Rhesus monkeys using intravenous self-administration. Significant changes in response to other types of reinforcers (i.e., food, shock avoidance) were observed in drug-dependent subjects. In 1969, Deneau, Yanagita and Seevers provided macaque monkeys free access to a variety of drugs of abuse for investigating whether nonhuman primates would voluntarily initiate self-administration of these substances. Initiation and maintenance of self-administration produced dependence and toxicity in monkeys, thereby more closely approximating important aspects of drug addiction in humans and allowing for the first of modern self-administration studies.
The procedure of testing the efficacy of a pharmacological agent as a reinforcer would soon become a standard assay. Most frequently, studies were performed in nonhuman primates to identify abuse potential, as required by the drug development process. In 1983, Collins "et al." published a landmark paper in which rats were exposed to a battery of 27 psychoactive substances. The team compared test drug self-administration rates with saline vehicle self-administration rates. If animals self-administered at a rate significantly greater than vehicle, the drug was considered an active reinforcer with abuse potential. With few exceptions, the abuse liability observed in rats paralleled that observed from previous research in monkeys. In light of these similarities between the different animal models, it was identified that the abuse potential of psychoactive substances could be investigated using rats instead of nonhuman primates.
Technique.
Acquisition.
Operant conditioning represents the behavioral paradigm underlying self-administration studies. Subjects are trained to perform some action, such as a lever press, with the anticipation of receiving a reinforcer, such as food or water (under food- or water- restricted conditions, respectively). The reinforcer functions to increase the future probability of a response. Following this initial training, the reinforcer is replaced by a test drug to be administered by one of the following methods: oral, inhalation, intraperitoneal, intracerebral, intravenous. 
Intravenous catheterization is used most commonly because it maximizes bioavailability and has rapid onset. Additionally, humans suffering from addiction often resort to intravenous drug use for similar reasons, so this route of administration increases the face validity of the construct.
Maintenance.
Upon presentation of the drug to the subject, a number of experimental variables might be manipulated to test hypotheses:
Dose-Response Relationship.
Both humans and animals will adjust the rate and number of drug infusions to maintain stable rewarding blood levels of drugs, like cocaine. A dilute dose of cocaine will be administered intravenously at a faster rate than a concentrated dose of cocaine.
Reinforcement Schedules.
Continuous Reinforcement: A single operant response triggers the dispense of a single dose of reinforcer, though this is true only in theory. A time-out period follows each operant response that successfully yields a dose of reinforcer; during this period, operant responses fail to produce drug administration allowing previous injections to take effect. Moreover, time-outs also help prevent subjects from overdosing during self-administration experiments. 
Fixed-Ratio studies require a predefined number of operant responses to dispense one unit of reinforcer. Standard Fixed Ratio reinforcement schedules include FR5 and FR10, requiring 5 and 10 operant responses to dispense a unit of reinforcer, respectively.
Progressive Ratio reinforcement schedules utilize a multiplicative increase in the number of operant responses required to dispense a unit of reinforcer. For example, successive trials might require 5 operant responses per unit of reward, then 10 responses per unit of reward, then 15, and so on. The number of operant responses required per unit of reinforcer may be altered after each trial, each session, or any other time period as defined by the experimenter. Progressive ratio reinforcement schedules provide information about the extent to which a pharmacological agent reinforces through the breakpoint. The breakpoint is the number of operant responses at which the subject ceases engaging in self-administration, defined by some period of time between operant responses (generally up to an hour).
Fixed Interval (FI) schedules require that a set amount of time pass between drug infusions, regardless of the number of times that the desired response is performed. This “refractory” period can prevent the animal from overdosing on a drug.
Variable Interval (VI) schedules of reinforcement allow the experimenter to adjust the amount of time that elapses between drug infusions. At this point, this method has only shown to be effective with cocaine.
Secondary Reinforcement Schedules
Second-order reinforcement schedules build on basic reinforcement schedules by introducing a conditioned stimulus that cues the onset of the reinforcer. Second-order schedules are built from two simpler schedules; completion of the first schedule results in the presentation of a conditioned stimulus (such as a colored light), with a fixed-interval schedule following the cue and resulting in the original reinforcer at the end of the fixed interval. Second-order schedules result in a very high rate of operant response following the presentation of the conditioned stimulus, as this cue becomes a reinforcer of its own. Benefits of this schedule include the ability to maintain a high level of responding with relatively few drug infusions, reduced risk of self-administered overdose, and external validity to human populations where environmental context can provide a strong reinforcing effect for drug use.
Extinction and Reinstatement.
Extinction involves the discontinuation of a particular reinforcer in response to operant behavior, such as replacing a reinforcing drug infusion with a saline vehicle. When the reinforcing element of the operant paradigm is no longer present, a gradual reduction in operant responses results in eventual cessation or “extinction” of the operant behavior.
Reinstatement is the restoration of operant behavior to acquire a reinforcer, often triggered by external events/cues or exposure to the original reniforcer itself. Reinstatement can be broken into a few broad categories:
Drug-induced reinstatement: exposure to a reinforcing drug after extinction of drug-seeking operant behavior can often reinstate drug-seeking, and can even occur when the new drug of exposure is different from the original reinforcer. This is thought to be strongly linked to drug sensitization 
Cue-induced reinstatement: environmental cues associated with drug administration can trigger drug reinstatement by acting as conditioned stimuli, even during drug abstinence 
1. Environmental surroundings as well as drug-associated behavior or actions can function as environmental cues.
2. Stress-induced reinstatement: in many cases, a stressor can reinstate drug-seeking in a drug-abstinent animal. This can include (but is not limited to) acute stressors such as foot-shock or social defeat stress. In many cases, it appears that social stress can potentiate drug reinstatement just as strongly as exposure to the drug itself 
Apparatus.
Animal self-administration experiments are typically performed in standard operant conditioning chambers adapted for the catheters used to deliver a drug intravenously. The catheter is secured to the animal by a harness or back plate and is tethered to a protective leash that extends upward through a hole in the top of a chamber, where it attaches to a rotating swivel on a mechanical arm that allows the subject to move around freely. The chamber houses two levers: one whose depression results in the delivery of a drug, the other whose depression does nothing. Activity on these levers can be used to measure drug administration (via activity at the drug-inducing lever) as well as changes in nonspecific behavior that reflect short- and long-term effects of the drug (via activity at the non-inducing lever). The sterile intravenous catheter used to deliver the drug into the bloodstream of the subject is typically composed of a flexible plastic, silastic tubing and nylon mesh placed subcutaneously. It is attached to a mechanical pump that can be calibrated to deliver a specific amount of drug upon depression of one of the levers in the chamber.
Other chamber modifications are required if the drug is to be delivered orally or via inhalation, such as liquid containers or an aerosol distribution mechanism.
Significant Findings.
Self-Administration studies have long been considered the “standard” in addiction research using both animal and human models.
Conducting self-administration studies in animal models provides a much greater level of experimental flexibility than in humans because investigating the effects of novel pharmacological drug treatments poses significantly fewer ethical and practical barriers. In 1999, Pilla and colleagues published in Nature a study documenting the efficacy of a partial D3-agonist (BP-897) in reducing environmental cue-induced cocaine craving and vulnerability to relapse. An interesting aspect of this study was the use of second-order reinforcement schedules to identify a dissociation in the effects of BP-897 in that the drug inhibits cue-induced cocaine seeking but has no primary reinforcement effect. This latter condition is important for any pharmacological agent to be used in the treatment of addiction—drugs used to treat addiction should be less reinforcing than the drug whose addiction they treat and optimally have no reinforcing effects.
A recent study published in Nature showed an upregulation of microRNA-212 in the dorsal striatum of rats previously exposed to cocaine for extended periods. Animals infected with a viral vector overexpressing miR-212 in the dorsal striatum produced the same initial levels of cocaine intake; however, drug consumption progressively decreased as net cocaine exposure increased. The authors of the study noted that viral-infected animals exhibited decreased operant responding during the post-infusion time-out period and proposed that this demonstrated a reduction in compulsive drug-seeking behavior.(Hollander "et al.") miR-212 acts through Raf1 to enhance the CREB response; CREB-TORC is known to negatively regulate the reinforcing effects of cocaine. (Hollander "et al.") This study provides one example (miR-212, owing to its amplification of CREB) of a self-administration study that may provide potential therapeutic targets for the treatment of cocaine addiction.
One of the most important advances to emerge from self-administration studies comes from a behavioral model for addiction in animals. This model relies on observation of three separate phenomena to classify a rat as “addicted:”
1) Persistence in drug-seeking: Depends on the attempts of rats to obtain drug during time-out or no-periods in the self-administration apparatus.
2) Resistance to punishment: Measured by how much rats maintain rates of self-administration when cocaine infusion is paired with an electric shock.
3) Motivation for the drug: Measured by the breakpoint in progressive ratio reinforcement. (Deroche-Gamonet et al.)
The researchers used an additional test to further support classification of a rat as “addicted” by measuring relapse rates during reinstatement paradigms. Human drug addicts reportedly relapse at a rate of >90% as measured from the initial diagnosis. Rats that responded at high rates after some form of cue-induced reinstatement could be considered likely to relapse.(Deroche-Gamonet et al.) This model provided an important advancement for the method of self-administration because it allows animal models to better approximate the physiological and behavioral aspects of drug addiction in humans.
Self-administration experiments can also be paired with methods such as in vitro electrophysiology or molecular biology to understand the effects of addiction on neural circuitry. Self-administration studies have allowed researchers to locate a staggering number of changes in brain signaling that occur in addiction. One example of such a study involved examining synaptic plasticity in rats undergoing the behavioral shift to addiction. Using the criteria for classifying rats as “addicts” or “non-addicts” as put forth by Deroche-Gamonet et al., it was found that addicted rats display a prolonged and persistent impairment in mGluR2/3-dependent Long-Term Depression. Despite exposure to the same self-administration paradigm, control rats recovered this form of synaptic plasticity. The authors of the study propose an important explanation for their results in that this specific loss of plasticity over an extended period is responsible for the progressive loss of controlled drug use.(Kasanetz et al.) This represents a potential molecular mechanism by which addicts might differ from non-addicts and undergo pathological learning processes during the development of addiction.
Much like animal studies, human experiments that pair self-administration studies with additional neuroscientific techniques provide unique insight into the disease of addiction. Human self-administration studies have gained momentum with the widespread use of fMRI technology to measure BOLD signals. Brain imaging coupled with human self-administration studies with the laboratory have led to the development of a three-stage model of human neurocircuitry of addiction: Binge/Intoxication, Preoccupation/Anticipation, and Withdrawal/Negative Effect. Koob, Lloyd, and Mason reviewed the laboratory models approximating each stage of the model of human addiction.(Koob et al.) The binge-intoxication phase traditionally has been modeled by drug or alcohol self-administration; the psychological effects of addiction might be modeled by the increased motivation for self-administration observed in drug-dependent animals. Self-administration studies capably model the somatic effects of addiction, but many of the most deleterious effects related to drug addiction can be considered psychological in nature. (Koob et al.) Models like the one published by Deroche-Gamonet and colleagues in 2004 better approximate the effects of addiction on physiology and psychology, but animal models are inherently limited in their ability to reproduce human behavior.
The use of the self-administration methodology to model human drug addiction provides powerful insight into the physiological and behavioral effects of the disease. While self-administration experiments in humans or animals each pose unique barriers to complete understanding of addiction, the scientific community continues to invest a great deal of effort in both avenues of research in the hopes of improving understanding and treatment of addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="21488639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488639" title="Queensland, Nova Scotia">
Queensland, Nova Scotia

Queensland is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. 
References.
Explore HRM

</doc>
<doc id="21488659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488659" title="Lake Wabby">
Lake Wabby

Lake Wabby is a small freshwater, green colored lake. It is located in the Great Sandy National Park on the eastern side of Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland, Australia. The lake is directly adjacent to a sand blow, which is slowly moving into the lake. Eventually it will disappear under the sand.
Unlike most other lakes on Fraser Island which are too acidic, Lake Wabby provides habitat to several species of fish.
The lakes is both a window lake and a barrage lake. Barrage lakes form when water flows from a natural spring are blocked by a sandmass. With a maximum depth of 12 m, it is the deepest lake on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="21488677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488677" title="Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko">
Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko

Alexander Diomidovich Kravchenko () (born 1881 in Voronezh died 21 November 1923 in Rostov-on-Don) was a Russian agronomist and partisan who fought against Admiral Kolchak's White forces in Siberia in 1919 during the Russian Civil War.
Biography.
Born to a peasant family, Kravchenko was initially a Socialist Revolutionary. Since 1907 he worked as an agronomist in the village of Shushenskoye, in the Minusinsk district in Siberia. After the February Revolution in 1917, Kravchenko served as a member of the Achinsk Soviet. With the advent of Admiral Alexander Kolchak's forces in 1918, Kravchenko established a guerrilla army to combat Kolchak's forces. In April 1919, following a peasant uprising in the Khemchik district, Kravchenko allied with Peter Efimovich Schetinkin's forces. Kravchenko's forces defeated Kolchak's in August and in September Schetinkin's forces took Minusinsk. By November Kravchenko's forces were eight-thousand strong.
In 1920 Kravchenko joined the Russian Communist Party and after the civil war worked in Narkomzeme, and served as Governor of Pyatigorsk in 1922. He died a year later. His memoirs were published in 1962. Streets were named after him in Krasnoyarsk, Abakan and Minusinsk.

</doc>
<doc id="21488695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488695" title="Super Tokkyū">
Super Tokkyū

Concept.
The Super Tokkyū concept involves building new narrow-gauge lines along the routes of planned Shinkansen lines. All infrastructure would be built to high-speed Shinkansen standards, including its wider loading gauge, 4,000 m radius curves, and total grade separation, with the ability to convert the lines to in the future. Some reductions in journey times could be achieved using conventional trains running at faster-than-normal speeds (up to 200 km/h according to promotional materials), and total construction expenditure could be spread over a longer period, with travel times gradually reduced as more sections are completed.
The ultimate goal is eventual conversion to standard-gauge Shinkansen track once the entire line is completed, but with gauge change trains (GCTs), it may be possible in the future to upgrade these sections to full Shinkansen specifications even while inter-operation with conventional lines remains in place.
Proposals.
In 1991, the Super Tokkyū concept was formally planned to be used as part of the following three Shinkansen extensions:
These schemes were subsequently constructed to full Shinkansen specification lines.
The West Kyushu Shinkansen route to Nagasaki was also initially proposed as a Super Tokkyū line from Takeo-Onsen. However, after construction commenced the proposal changed to incorporate GCTs, resulting in the Takeo Onsen to Nagasaki section (due to open in March 2023) being constructed as standard gauge lines. The service is proposed by GCTs using the Hakata to Shin-Tosu section of the Kyushu Shinkansen, then the narrow gauge line to Takeo Onsen, then the new West Kyushu Shinkansen line for the final section of the trip.

</doc>
<doc id="21488703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488703" title="Shanxi Traditional Chinese Medicine University">
Shanxi Traditional Chinese Medicine University

Shanxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (STCMU; ) is a university based in Taiyuan, Shanxi province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="21488714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488714" title="Peruvanam Pooram">
Peruvanam Pooram

Peruvanam Pooram is one of the most popular temple festivals of the South Indian state of Kerala. It is held at Peruvanam Temple in Cherpu, Thrissur District. Lord Shiva is the presiding deity of this temple.
The deity of the Peruvanam Mahadeva Temple does not participate in the pooram, and is a silent spectator to the proceedings. The participation is limited to temples with Devi and Sastha as the primary deities. It is said that the festival used to witness participation from 108 temples. Presently, the festivities consist of processions (called "Ezhunnallippu") from about 23 temples.
The Peruvanam pooram is known for its grandeur, and its strict adherence to rituals. The Pandi and Panchari melams played here are of the highest standards. The Panchari melams of Urakam Devi temple and the Cherpu Bhagavathy Temple, are amongst the finest performed, with the latter being the more famous. The Peruvanam Nadavazhi (Malayalam for "Walkway") is the venue for the finest processions/melams, the construction of which is in such a manner that it forms a natural theater for the percussion performances. The Peruvanam Nadavazhi is considered a sacred theatre for Melams by discerning listeners.
Present day festivals in Kerala witness mass participation from all strata of the society. Much of this phenomenon, can be attributed to the Peruvanam Pooram, which has played a major role in developing the cultural fabric of Kerala. The Peruvanam pooram boasts of a rich history, and can perhaps be the oldest organised ritualistic festival existing on the planet.
History.
The earliest historical reference to Peruvanam occurs in A.D. 583 ("Ayathu Shivalokam Nah" - kalivakyam denoting the starting of Peruvanam pooram as per Peruvanam Granthavari) which is also the first record of the oldest pooram festival. 108 temples coming under the Peruvanam Kshetra sanketham, which extended from Bharathapuzha in the north to Periyar in the south, used to assemble at Arattupuzha Shastha temple which was the venue of the gala pooram gathering. This was known as Peruvanam pooram or Peruvanam Pallivetta. Due to the detachment of the various temple participants later for various reasons, the pooram festival faltered some five hundred years back. Later, the now famous Thrissur Pooram was started by Sakthan Thampuran of Cochin, in eighteenth century overshadowing the Peruvanam pooram which is now an affair comprising only 23 temples.
The new version has been in existence now for 1431 years. It is held in the Malayalam month of Meenam (usually, April). The pooram consists of numerous Ezhunnallippu (Malayalam word which means taking out a temple deity atop a caparisoned elephant) with elephants totalling seven, to the accompaniment of traditional percussion ensembles like Panchari melam or Pandi melam. For the Peruvanam pooram, the first ezhunnallippu starts in the evening and stretches till dawn of the next day. The pooram has its highlight in the form of the four-hour Panchari melam starting at about 4am.
Although the more popular Thrissur Pooram can be accredited with bringing major changes to the conduct of Poorams in Kerala, the Peruvanam Pooram claims a rich history, and it has witnessed a lot of innovations/additions, some of which form the core of temple festivals in Kerala.The first performance of the Panchari melam is said to have been performed for the Pooram of Urakathamma Thiruvadi, at the Peruvanam Pooram. Caparisons for elephants, called "Nettipattams", were first introduced in the pooram of Cherpu Bhagavathy Temple, at Peruvanam Pooram.
Proceedings.
Pisharikkal Bhagavathy.
The Bhagavathy (Malayalam for a feminine deity, generally Devi) from the Pisharikkal temple at Kadalassery sets all the events of the night in motion. The pooram of Pisharikkal Bhagavathy starts at about 4PM, and the procession comprises three elephants, to the accompaniment of Panchari Melam. The word Pisharikkal is a corrupted form of the Malayalam word "Visha-haari" (implying antidote/treatment for poison). This pooram is the ritualistic opener for the events of the day, and all other Poorams have to wait until the procession of Pisharikkal Bhagavathy starts and ends.
Arattupuzha Sastha.
The first main Pooram on the day is of Arattupuzha Sastha. The deity arrives at the temple through the southern entrance (Gopuram) before sunset. Seven elephants decorated with exquisite ornaments stand in a row facing north, but, exposed to the rays of the setting sun. That is a sight that will linger in the mind, for times to come. An elaborate Pandi Melam commences immediately. After about 30 minutes the deity moves towards the eastern entrance (Gopuram) and enters the walkway facing east. The Pandi Melam continues there, and lasts until about 10 PM.
Chathakudam Sastha.
Meanwhile Chathakudam Sastha would have assembled seven decorated elephants at the eastern end of the walkway and started an elaborate Panchari Melam, just after 7:30 PM. Thottippal Bhagavathy accompanies Sastha on the adjoining elephant to the left. The Melam lasts until about 10:30 All this time, Arattupuzha Sastha would be waiting at the eastern end of the walkway to return to the Peruvanam temple. Two other Sastha, of Metankulam and Kalleli, join Him at that time. The three ascend the walkway with a Panchari Melam. This takes place before the third Pooram of the day, of Urakathu Ammathiruvadi, commences.
Urakatthu Ammathiruvadi.
The Pooram of Ammathiruvadi starts from the same eastern side of the walkway, right behind that of Chathakudam even before that comes to an end. The actual Panchari Melam commences only after that of Chathakudam comes to an end. Then, Chathakudam Sastha joins Ammathiruvadi on an elephant to the right. The Melam goes even beyond midnight. This is followed by fireworks, lit right in front of the deity on the walkway.
Vilakku.
One of the important attractions of Peruvanam Pooram takes place within the temple of Irattayappan at midnight. This is relatively an unnoticed event of the night. Eleven deities who do not have their own elaborate Poorams on the night would have arrived on single elephants while the other Poorams were in progress. They all come to the temple, pay homage to the deity of Irattayappan by going around inside the temple yard and then alight from the elephant. The Kolam would then be lead to the Mandapam of Irattayappan where each has specific spot to rest.
At midnight they all mount their own elephants and form an array outside the western entrance to Irattayappan. The respective oil lamps which lead the deities from their temples to Peruvanam also form an array in front of the elephants. The drummers (Marars) and other supporting percussionists from the respective temples then start an elaborate Panchari Melam. At midnight with no artificial light to spoil the show this event called a ‘Vilakku’ has a mesmerizing effect.
Cherpu Bhagavathy.
Cherpu Bhagavathy is the last to enter the walkway. But, the deity would have arrived by midnight, along the road from the temple which is about a mile away, at the turning to the Thayamkulangara Subrahmaniaswamy temple. There, a Panchavadyam of very high standards commences at about 11:30 PM. The procession of three elephants, accompanied by Panchavadyam slowly moves towards the Mekkavu Kali temple. The Panchavadyam comes to an end there before 3 AM. Subsequently, a Pandi Melam starts, and the procession enters the Peruvanam temple through the western Gopuram. The Melam lasts for an hour. There is a ritual at that time of asking whether there are any other temples which want to perform a Pooram. Cherpu Bhagavathy is supposed to be the last to perform. Hence, the question. Ayykunnu Bhagavathy joins the procession at this time and the two deities on an elephant each, with other five elephants, move towards the eastern side of the temple. That is where the famous Panchari Melam starts, soon after 4 AM. After an hour or so, the procession moves towards the walkway facing east. The Melam lasts until about 8 AM, much after sunrise. The array of seven gold decorated elephants under the rays of the rising sun is another, probably the most thrilling, experience of the Peruvanam Pooram.
Conclusion of Poorams.
All the Bhagavathis, starting with the one from Pisharikkal, conclude the celebration with a ritual bath at the temple pond, called Thotukulam. Each deity performs the bath immediately after the conclusion of its own Pooram.

</doc>
<doc id="21488719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488719" title="Ilona Szilágyi">
Ilona Szilágyi

Princess Consort Ilona Szilágyi of Wallachia, was the second wife of Vlad III the Impaler.
After Vlad, Voivode of Wallachia, had been imprisoned by his former ally, Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary, in 1462, he gradually won back the king's favour and married the king's cousin Ilona, daughter of Michael Szilágyi, regent of the Kingdom of Hungary, Voivode of Transylvania, Vlad's ally, and a maternal oncle of the king. In the years before his final release in 1474, he lived with her in a house in the Hungarian capital.
Around 1465, Ilona bore him two sons: the elder, Vlad IV Dracula, spent most of his time in the king's retinue and later was an unsuccessful claimant to the Wallachian throne. The younger, whose name was Mircea, lived with the Bishop of Oradea (Nagyvárad) in Transylvania until 1482, when he fell ill. He returned to Buda, where he died in his mother's presence.
The descendants of Vlad and Ilona married into the Hungarian nobility.

</doc>
<doc id="21488758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488758" title="National Mission for Manuscripts">
National Mission for Manuscripts

The National Mission for Manuscripts (NAMAMI) is an autonomous organisation under Ministry of Culture, Government of India, established to survey, locate and conserve Indian manuscripts, with an aim to create national resource base for manuscripts, for enhancing their access, awareness and use for educational purposes. The Mission was initiated in February 2003, by the Ministry of Tourism and Culture, Government of India and Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts (IGNCA) is the nodal agency for the execution of this project. It creates bibliographic databases of Indian manuscripts and is involved in the conservation and preservation of the manuscripts.
Overview.
The organisation works in the field of restoration and conservation Indian manuscripts, and their digitization, to promote access and scholarship through research and publication. It has also established a national network of institutions and manuscript repositories, including Manuscript Resource Centres (MRC-s), Manuscript Conservation Centres (MCC-s), Manuscript Partner Centres (MPC-s) and Manuscript Conservation Partner Centres (MCPC-s), spread across the nation. It has also established "Kritisampada", the National Database of Manuscripts, a digital archive at its website.
The Mission also got a Rigveda manuscripts preserved at the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute, Pune, where it runs a 'Manuscripts Resource and Conservation Centre', included in UNESCO’S, Memory of the World Registar in 2007. In October 2010, the Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library (Central Library), BHU in association with the Mission, held a national workshop on manuscript conservation at the library.
Manuscript Conservation Centres (MCCs).
The Mission runs a network of 32 conservation units across the India, known as Manuscript Conservation Centres (MCCs), divided according to geographical zones.

</doc>
<doc id="21488771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488771" title="Khurais oil field">
Khurais oil field

Khurais oil field(Arabic:حقل خريص) is an oil field in Saudi Arabia that went online on June 10, 2009, adjacent to the world's largest, the Ghawar trend. The Khurais field, with an area of 2,890 km² and 127 km long, located about 250 km southwest of Dhahran and 300 km north southeast of Riyadh. Pilot-scale production at Khurais began in 1963, but the field was never fully developed.
Khurais Megaproject.
A project to develop this field along with Abu Jifan and Mazalij oil fields is called the Khurais Megaproject. The project began in 2006, is led by Halliburton for wells drilling, Snamprogetti for Crude and Utilities, Hyundai for Gas, is expected to cost $3 billion, and is expected to increase Saudi Arabia's export capacity from 11.3 to 12.5 million bpd. It will produce Arabian light crude, as well as 315 million scfd of sour gas for Shedgum Gas Plant and 70,000 bpd of Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) for Yanbu Gas Plant.

</doc>
<doc id="21488775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488775" title="Michael Fish (architect)">
Michael Fish (architect)

Michael James S. Fish (born October 23, 1934) is a Canadian architect and urban conservationist, best known for his attempts to preserve heritage buildings in Montreal.
Biography.
Michael Fish began his career in Montreal in 1956, mostly involved in new apartment building construction. Soon, he developed an interest in renovating established buildings rather than constructing after demolition. He noted that it was less expensive, and less disruptive to the cohesion of neighbourhoods. He became involved in community groups that advocated to save structures such as the Van Horne Mansion.
In 1970, Fish co-founded Friends of Windsor Station with architect Peter Lanken and urban-planning professor Jean-Claude Marsan. In 1974, he co-founded Save Montreal. He has been credited with playing a major role in saving, or preventing major transformation of, such buildings as the Dawson College building at Sherbrooke and Atwater Streets, the Collège de Montréal on Sherbrooke Street, the Grey Nuns' quarters and church at René Lévesque Boulevard and Guy Street, and the patriotes' prison near the Jacques Cartier Bridge. In the mid-1980s, he served as vice-president of the Canadian International Council of Monuments and Sites, a United Nations affiliate.
After becoming more involved in political lobbying for marginalized groups, he found less and less work available to him from private developers, who saw conservationists as "a threat", according to him. In the latter part of his career, his firm worked only on social housing projects. He has stated that a highlight of his conservation work was saving a row of greystone houses on Jeanne Mance Street, south of Sherbrooke Street.
In 1989, he advocated for the preservation of Rockcliffe Airport hangars. Earlier in his career he had designed hangars for Canada's air force, and for Trans-Canada Air Lines.
Awards.
In 1987, he received acclaim for his "significant contribution to heritage preservation in Quebec" and was presented with a lieutenant-governor's award from Heritage Canada.
In 2003, he was presented with a Montreal city medal for his work with Save Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="21488790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488790" title="Duet (Lester Bowie and Nobuyoshi Ino album)">
Duet (Lester Bowie and Nobuyoshi Ino album)

Duet is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie and bassist Nobuyoshi Ino recorded in Japan in 1985 and released on the Paddle Wheel label. It features seven duet performances by Bowie and Ino.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 2 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="21488823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488823" title="Vallikappen">
Vallikappen

Vallikappen is an honorific title conferred on members of the prominent land-owning "Valiaveettil" family of Aruvithura (present-day Erattupetta) in Kerala, India, by the Rajas of Poonjar . The title comes from "Valli" (the name of a Hindu goddess) and "kapath" (meaning "to protect" in Tamil). It therefore means the "Protector of Valli". As a title, the name is not very old. It is likely to have been conferred in the late 18th or early 19th centuries, as no earlier records have been found.
Origins.
It is said that one Mathai Mappillai, a member of the Valiaveettil family (who are reputed to have settled down near the Aruvithura Church in the 12th century AD) had a piece of property within the Poonjar kingdom on which stood a shrine dedicated to Valli. The Poonjar royal family originally came from Madurai and their "kaula devatha" (family deity) was Meenakshi. As Valli was closely connected to Meenakshi, she too was held in high regard by the Poonjar chieftains. Mathai Mappillai was therefore given the honorific "Vallikappen" (one who protects Valli) in appreciation of the fact that, even though he was a Christian, he looked after the Hindu shrine with great deference and respect. Thus Christians came to be the traditional care-takers of a Hindu shrine. Today the name is used more or less as a family name by Mappillai's descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="21488829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488829" title="Mindy Gehrs">
Mindy Gehrs

Melinda Anne "Mindy" Gehrs is a former All-American swimmer who was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in January 2009.
Youth in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.
A native of Oak Ridge, Tennessee, Gehrs is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Carl and Judi Gehrs. She began swimming at age seven and was a member of two junior national teams and two national teams. She was also a four-time Tennessee state champion and swam for both Oak Ridge High School and the Atomic City Aquatic Club (so named because Gehrs' hometown of Oak Ridge was a base for the Manhattan Project, the operation that developed the atomic bomb). In 1998, Gehrs was inducted into the Oak Ridge Sports Hall of Fame. At the time of her selection, "The Oak Ridger" called Gehrs "the best swimmer to ever part the waters of the Atomic City."
University of Michigan.
Competing for Michigan from 1990–1993, she received 11 All-American honors in five events and won 13 Big Ten championships and the 1993 NCAA championship in the 400-meter individual medley. In 1992, Gehrs was named the Big Ten Women's Swimmer of the Year and received the Big Ten High Point Swimmer award after scoring a perfect 60 points with first-place finishes in: (a) the 200-meter individual medley with a time of 2:00.85, (b) the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:14.39, and (c) the 200-meter butterfly with a time of 1:59.52. All three of her times were University of Michigan school records, and her time in the 200-meter individual medley was also a Big Ten Conference record. At the end of the 1992 swim season, Gehrs told a Tennessee newspaper, "I just had a fantastic year. I was excited about the whole team. I got three individual bests - finally - and our relays were really good too." In 1993, she was named the NCAA Woman of the Year. Gehrs also received honors for her academic accomplishments, including three Academic All-Big Ten awards and the 1993 Big Ten Conference Medal of Honor for combined excellence in academics and athletics.
In January 2009, she was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor.
Medical career and triathlete.
In 1998, Gehrs received her medical degree from the University of Alabama School of Medicine in Birmingham, Alabama. She also competed in triathlons and won the 1995 FS Fitness Systems Knoxville Lock Triathlon. In December 2002, Gehrs married Heath William Beaver at the Trinity United Methodist Church of Hartford, Indiana. As of 2009, Gehrs is a practicing physician in Longmont, Colorado, specializing in the field of rehabilitation medicine. She treats patients with musculoskeletal, neuromuscular and spine problems and is a member of the American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.

</doc>
<doc id="21488837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488837" title="Otter Lake, Nova Scotia">
Otter Lake, Nova Scotia

Otter Lake is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="21488841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488841" title="Bekka &amp; Billy">
Bekka &amp; Billy

Bekka & Billy was an American country music duo consisting of singer-songwriters Bekka Bramlett and Billy Burnette, who first worked together as members of Fleetwood Mac. Their eponymous debut album was released by Almo Sounds in April 1997. While their debut single, "Patient Heart," failed to chart in the United States, it reached No. 96 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Entertainment Weekly gave "Bekka & Billy" a B rating, saying that if "Patient Heart" didn't become a big hit, Nashville was "asleep at the wheel." Allmusic gave their album three stars, calling the duo "tailor made for stardom." Vince Gill played guitar on the album, which featured a song written by Delaney Bramlett.
The duo went their separate ways in January 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="21488854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488854" title="Ghalegay">
Ghalegay

Ghalegay () is a valley located 14 km south of Mingora, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, situated on the eastern side of Swat River. It is one of the main villages lying between the two cities, Mingora and Barikot. Its postcode is 19230.
During the recent Pashtun era in 1849, when the first legal government was formed, Ghalegay was chosen as the first capital of Swat because of its suitable geographical location. Syed Akbar Shah, who belonged to the family of Hazrat Pir Baba and was a close friend of Syed Ahmed Shaheed, was nominated as the head of the government. In 1915, when Swat State came into being after a long period of civil war, Miangul Abdul Wadood (also known as Bacha Sahib) was announced as the head of the state. The Jirga of the village crowned him at Ghalagay.
The largest stupa of the Indian subcontinent is located in village Shingardar (a village between Ghalegay and Barikot). This stupa is a remnant of Buddhist era, and is one of the thousands ancient monuments in Swat Valley. It was built by Uttarasena, an ancient king of Swat, to enshrine his share of the relics of Buddha. The building of stupa is made of large stones and layers of thin slate.While heading toward Mingora you will find a statue of Buddha sculptured in a rock on the right side of G.T. road. There are also some remnants in a cave beside this statue.
The populace of Ghalegay depends mostly on the agricultural land and River Swat for their living. The village is among the top on educational level, from primary to doctorate. A vast majority of the people are studying and working abroad in Arab countries, Europe and USA. They are now the main source of income for most of the families.
A Human Welfare Association is an active society in the town. The society builds excellent streets and sewage system with the help of World Bank. Vocational training for females are among the widely admired work of the society. The society is currently running a computer course in their computer lab for females of the town.
Local food.
One of the favorite foods in ghalegay is Watercress (locally known as "talmira").

</doc>
<doc id="21488880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488880" title="California Fire Safe Council">
California Fire Safe Council

The name California Fire Safe Council (CFSC) has been used for two very different organizations. The original use of the name, from 1993 through mid-2002, referred to a loose consortium of local community-based fire safe councils and other organizations that shared the mission of making California's communities less vulnerable to catastrophic wildfire. It was funded by the state of California Resources Agency, Department of Conservation, Division of Forestry, also called CDF or CAL FIRE. It was led by staff from the CDF Prevention Bureau.
In mid-2002 a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization was formed by members of the former CFSC using the name California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI). At the moment the CFSCI came into existence, the former CFSC ceased to exist because the CFSCI was specifically set up as a non-membership corporation. (Subsequently the Board amended the bylaws to create a class of "at-large members." However, these "members" have no voting rights.) The reason for creating the CFSCI was for it to be able to administer grants and collect the administration fee for operations rather than using grant funds for that function, since CDF had ceased funding for the old CFSC due to budget restraints.
The California Fire Safe Council: initially an inclusive coalition.
A need develops: prior to 1993.
In the early 1990s, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CDF or CAL FIRE) was facing increasing costs for wildfire suppression due to the influx of people building homes in what had previously been unpopulated wildlands. This area of mixed homes and wildlands is variously called the Wildland Urban Interface, Urban-Wildland Interface, or the I-Zone (where I=Interface). 
Now during a wildland fire, more and more CDF firefighting resources had to be used to defend homes and lives, which meant that it was taking increased time and resources to get fires under control. Also, since over 90% of fires are started by human activity,
the number of fires was increasing due to the increased population.
In response, CDF stepped up its efforts to educate the public in "fire safe" principles, generally referred to as defensible space, which can prepare a home to withstand an approaching wildfire and allow the firefighting resources to focus on controlling the fire. These same principles reduce the chance that a house fire will spread to the wildlands. In 1991, the CDF Fire Prevention Unit introduced the "Fire Safe - Inside and Out" program as part of the ongoing "Fire Safe - California" campaign. The intent of the new public awareness program was to help people who live in the wildlands learn to protect themselves and their property, inside and out, from wildfire. The program package included a video, a homeowners booklet, a fire safe checklist, a brochure, and a poster. The creator of the program, Bruce Turbeville, received a Bronze Smokey in recognition of his efforts.
The Fire Safe Advisory Council: 1993 to 1995.
In 1993 the State of California was facing an extreme budget deficit. CDF's budget had been shrinking for many years, and with the sharp decline in 1993 and increasing costs, the Department could no longer sustain its level of service unless something new was done. In May, in a special edition of the CDF in-house newsletter, Communiqué, CDF Director Richard Wilson announced the report entitled "Targeting CDF's Future", which was a result of an extensive planning project to identify ways CDF could improve its efficiency and effectiveness. One theme of the report was that CDF must "…seek out cooperative relationships with the private sector and other government agencies…"
A direct result was the formation of the “Fire Safe Advisory Council” in 1993 "as a means to help support the department’s shrinking education budget by enlisting the monetary and in-kind support of the private sector.” Initially, the Fire Safe Advisory Council consisted of representatives of the building, insurance, real estate, and utilities industries plus various government agencies such as the California Office of Emergency Services.
The following year, when Rich Just took the position of Staff Chief for Fire Prevention and Law Enforcement at Sacramento Headquarters, he said: "The Fire Safe Advisory Council is means of bringing together agencies and business leaders from insurance companies to landscape firms to work on providing dollars and ideas to spread the prevention message here in California. … The path prevention is taking now is toward "communities". We've seen the disastrous effects of wildfires over the past several years, where entire communities have been devastated by fire. Educating the public on the firesafe measures they must take to give their homes and neighborhoods a fighting chance has become critical here in California."
The Fire Safe Council: 1995 to 1997.
Chief Just's vision inspired local Ranger Units to work with their communities to become fire safe. By 1995, two community partnerships were well on their way. One was the Shingletown Community Fire Safe Project in the Shasta-Trinity Ranger Unit. Another was the Oakhurst-Ahwahnee Basin Community Fire Protection Project in the Madera-Mariposa-Merced Ranger Unit. Having the local Ranger Units involved in fostering community partnerships was also the philosophy of CDF Director Richard Wilson: "As CDF takes the Fire Safe Council concept to local communities, the field will become an important resource and uniting force. Ranger units can and should play a leadership role in this effort to form local fire safe councils." Director Wilson also said: "As more Californians move into wildland/urban intermix areas, a coordinated group effort has to he made to keep them safe from wildfire . We can't afford to have a fire engine in front of every home day and night; we must help our communities prepare for fire before it happens."
At this time, the former Fire Safe Advisory Council became known as the Fire Safe Council with the "mission to preserve California's natural and man-made resources by mobilizing all Californians to make their homes, neighborhoods and communities fire safe. More than 30 businesses and government organizations sit on the statewide council. The objectives of the organization are to unite members to speak with one voice about fire safety, use the marketing expertise and communication channels of member organizations to increase distribution of fire prevention education materials and empower grass roots organizations to create fire safe communities." People interested in forming a local fire safe council were directed to contact their Ranger Unit.
In 1996, the Fire Safe Council/CDF, in cooperation with the Western Insurance Information Service, developed a Community Action Kit to assist the formation of local community-based fire safe councils. Also in 1996, as mentioned in the Community Action Kit, the updated "California Fire Plan" from CDF and the "Introduction to the I-Zone", sponsored by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CDF), the Governor’s Office of Emergency Services (OES), and the University of California Forest Products Laboratory (UCFPL) both mentioned the value of creating local fire safe councils in California's communities.
The California Fire Safe Council: 1997 to 2001.
By the end of 1997, the organization had changed its name to the California Fire Safe Council to reflect the increasing number of local fire safe councils being created around the state. People wanting to form local fire safe councils were now directed to contact the CDF Sacramento Headquarters Public Education Office. By January 1998, there were 50 local fire safe councils, and a web site was created for the California Fire Safe Council, which included pages for each local council. Local councils continued to form and to participate as part of the California Fire Safe Council coalition.
Years of transition: 2001-2002.
In 2001, several things happened that set the CFSC on a new path which eventually led to the formation of the California Fire Safe Council, Inc., a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation. These were:
Each of these is explored in more depth below.
A new CDF Public Education Officer.
Bruce Turbeville, who had developed and administered the CFSC since 1993, retired in early 2001. At the March 8, 2001 monthly meeting, he "introduced Chief Bryan Zollner, the new Public Education Officer for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection." Mr. Turbeville continued in his role as the Chairman of the California Fire Safe Council. Chief Zollner led the effort to establish the BLM Community-Based Wildfire Prevention Grants Program.
CDF reduces funding.
Due to the state of California's financial situation in 2001, CDF was facing a significant budget reduction, which included cutting back on funding for the Prevention department. Since it was the Prevention department which funded the operation of the CFSC, Bruce Turbeville, who was still acting as the Chairman of the CFSC since his retirement in early 2001, was told that while CDF supported the Council, it could no longer be the sole source of funds; the CFSC needed to find other ways to support its programs
New funding.
In response to the wildland fires of 2000, President Bill Clinton requested, and the Secretaries of the Department of the Interior and Department of Agriculture submitted, a September 8, 2000, report, "Managing the Impact of Wildfires on Communities and the Environment, A Report to the President In Response to the Wildfires of 2000". This report, its accompanying budget request, Congressional direction for substantial new appropriations for wildland fire management, resulting action plans and agency strategies and the Western Governors Association's "A Collaborative Approach for Reducing Wildland Fire Risks to Communities and the Environment - A 10-Year Comprehensive Strategy - Implementation Plan" have collectively become known as the National Fire Plan.
The National Fire Plan, and the subsequent Healthy Forests Initiative (HFI), significantly increased Federal funding for projects on private lands, both "on the ground" and educational, that would reduce the wildfire risk to Federal lands.
For the first time, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) had funds available for grants to private organizations. Unlike the United States Forest Service, (USFS), BLM did not have any internal structure in place to administer grants to the private sector.
Initially, CDF planned to route BLM funds through its ranger units and then to the local fire safe councils. However, this proved not to be a viable option because it would only be able to disburse the grant funds on a reimbursable basis. This meant that grant recipients would not receive their grant funds until after work had been done and paid for, and local fire safe councils did not have the operating budgets to be able to do that.
Establishment of the BLM Community-Based Wildfire Prevention Grants Program.
Since the BLM funds could not be routed through CDF, a search was begun to locate a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that could accept the funds, disburse them, and provide an accounting to BLM. At the Monthly Meeting on June 21, 2001, Chief Zollner announced that the Sacramento Regional Foundation (SRF) had been chosen to serve as the grant administrator. This program subsequently became known as the "Community-Based Wildfire Prevention Grants Program." The Sacramento Regional Foundation agreed to host the grant program under contract with the Bureau of Land Management until 2006 or until it (the SRF) had hosted $10 million in grants, whichever came first. In return for this service, the SRF received an administrative fee (AKA "indirect cost rate") based on the amount of funds it administered: 8% on up to $2,000,000; declining gradually to just 5% on over $10,000,000.
In order to qualify to receive grants through the SRF, recipients had to be 501(c)(3) non-profit organizations, or have a fiscal sponsor which was a non-profit, such as a Resource Conservation District. Alternatively, the California Community Forests Foundation (CCFF) was available to work with local fire safe councils that did not yet have 501(c)(3) status.
Indeed, the CFSC itself used the CCFF to administer "five grants provided by the Bureau of Land Management via the Sacramento Community Foundation. These funds will support for the ongoing development of the California Fire Safe Council by providing for the Fire Safe Council executive director and council administration and development of public education outreach materials including a new Fire Safe Council webpage (www.firesafecouncil.org)." A total of $716,665 was received from the Sacramento Regional Foundation for these grants.
The SRF operated the Community-Based Wildfire Prevention Grants Program for 2001 and 2002, at which point it was nearing the $10 million limit it had agreed to. Something else needed to be done.
Formation of the California Fire Safe Council, Inc..
The idea of formalizing the California Fire Safe Council as a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation was first proposed at a monthly meeting on May 24, 2001. Discussions eventually resulted in the Administrative Action Group (AAG) subcomittee taking on this task in April 2002.
The work of the AAG resulted in the following:
It is important to note that the CFSCI was established as a "non-membership" entity under non-profit law. Subsequently the CFSCI Board amended the bylaws to create a class of "at-large members." The at-large members have no voting rights.
The CFSCI was set up as a non-membership organization because the AAG felt it would be too cumbersome to include representatives from all local FSCs in future voting, due to how many local councils there were and how difficult it was to determine how the various FSCs would be represented, given how many different types of FSCs there were. Instead, the AAG divided the state into three regions: Coast, Sierra, and Southern California, and created a seat on the Board for each region. The intention was for these representatives to have an ongoing two-way dialog with the local councils in their regions and thus allow local councils and the Board to be in communication through the local representative.
The California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI): an independent corporation.
The CFSCI begins.
The first meeting of the new Board of Directors for the California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI) was held on August 21, 2002. (Note that as of August 2008, the minutes from this meeting are not available online, so the information in this section was taken from the minutes of the General Meeting on August 22, 2002.)
The following Board members were elected officers: Bruce Turbeville, Chairman; Ken Blonski, Vice Chairman; Leo McElroy, Secretary; and David Horne, Treasurer. A nominating committee, a legislative review committee, a public education committee and a development committee established.
Differences in the role and function of the CFSCI vs the former CFSC.
It appears that the CFSCI has not realized that a transition occurred when it was formed, as its Board and Staff members continue to make assertions that no longer apply. The following examples, taken from then-Chairman Bruce Turbeville's presentation to the Governor's Blue Ribbon Fire Commission, and from the CFSCI brochure are illustrative.
The corrections below are not intended to detract from the valuable service provided by the CFSCI in its administration of the Grants Clearinghouse. They simply indicate that the thinking of the CFSCI has not kept current with the changes that occurred when the CFSCI was formed.
"Ten years ago, CDF formed the California Fire Safe Council."
"We are the statewide umbrella organization that supports community fire safety efforts and creates consensus on fire safety among diverse audiences. In California, we are the community-level cooperators implementing the National Fire Plan."
"The Fire Safe Council is a coalition of public and private sector organizations that share a common, vested interest in reducing losses from wildfire.
"The Fire Safe Council empowers communities to become fire safe."
Relationship with local fire safe councils.
The CFSCI is one entity among the over 100 independent organizations that focus on wildfire safety throughout the state of California. It has a somewhat different function from local fire safe councils in that its primary role is to administer Federal funding through the Fire Safe California Grants Clearinghouse on behalf of the members of the California Fire Alliance.
There was nothing in the Bylaws that created the CFSCI about the CFSCI having any control over local FSCs. Local FSCs are independent organizations, as is the CFSCI. Bruce Turbeville himself said in his April 2002 White Paper that he wrote during the process of forming the CFSCI: “Once formed, the local Councils did not want the FSC telling them how to conduct their business, but did want the FSC to provide them with tools they couldn’t create on their own to facilitate the success of their Councils.” 
However, in the past the CFSCI has made several attempts to establish a top-down organizational structure with itself at the head. All of these were eventually abandoned, and local fire safe councils have retained their indepencence.
Funding for the CFSCI.
Federal funding.
The California Fire Safe Council, Inc. receives reimbursement for direct and indirect expenses for administering the block grants that go through the Clearinghouse. These funds are "restricted" in that they can only be used for activities associated with administering the Clearinghouse funds. These activities include conducting grant writing workshops on how to apply for Clearinghouse grants, convening the annual Review Committee that selects projects to fund and providing administrative support for that Committee, disbursing funds to the grant recipients, processing status reports from recipients, and other tasks required by the funding agencies. Operating expenses incurred by the CFSCI outside of grant administration, such as lobbying and fund raising, must be funded from other sources.
In addition, the CFSCI has received direct grants, both for Clearinghouse operation and for other projects.
In 2009 and 2010, an attempt was made to obtain details on the various Federal grants the CFSCI has received so that an analysis could be done of how much Federal money has gone to the CFSCI itself for overhead, versus the funding that went to “on-the-ground” projects. This effort was only moderately successful. Three of the four agencies provided partial information: the Bureau of Land Management only provided information about indirect expense reimbursement. The US Forest Service and the National Park Service provided both direct and indirect reimbursement data, but not about all of their grants. Fish & Wildlife, alone among the four agencies, refused to grant a fee waiver. As of June 2010, an appeal is pending.
An analysis of the grants where full data was available on both direct and indirect expenses, about three-quarters of total Clearinghouse funding through 2010, showed that nearly 15% of the Federal funding went to the CFSCI rather than to “on-the-ground” projects. This included a previously unannounced total of $370,000 in grants, including indirect expenses, to the CFSCI by the USFS ‘’in addition to’’ reimbursement for direct and indirect expenses in the 2005 and 2006 Clearinghouse cycles. Further, the USFS gave the CFSCI a direct grant in the 2003 cycle to set up the Clearinghouse in the amount of $60,000 in direct and indirect dollars. The existence of these grants, which came directly from the block grant funds intended for subgrants, only became known when the final list of recipients was received under the FOIA request.
This 15% overhead contrasts with claims by the CFSCI that administration is only 6 or 7%. While it's true that most expenses go to programs, which is how they're reported to the Internal Revenue Service on the Form 990, every dollar that is spent on running programs is one dollar less that is available for actual on-the-ground fire prevention and should be considered overhead, regardless of how the cost is recorded on the Form 990.
Non-governmental funding.
From time to time the CFSCI has received grants from non-Federal sources, primarily insurance organizations. These funds may be restricted to specific activities or unrestricted. In some cases, funds that were originally restricted were changed to unrestricted at the request of the CFSCI so that the monies could be used for CFSCI operating expenses other than those associated with grant administration. Through 2008, some of the non-Federal funds received include:
The Million Who Dare to Care Program.
In August 2007, the CFSCI announced the Million Who Dare to Care Program. The announcement said: "Join "The Million Who Dare to Care" program of the California Fire Safe Council to help raise funds to provide services to homeowners and local Fire Safe Councils for fuels reduction around homes and in our communities." The flyer [http://www.firesafecouncil.org/news/attachments/Dare_to_Care_dollar_campaign_flyerREV1_8_07240.pdf stated "Your gift of just one dollar means the California Fire Safe Council can help homeowners prepare ahead of time for a wildfire." Thus the program was publicly positioned as a funding source for community fire safe projects.
However, internally the CFSCI Board of Directors appears to have considered the funds as being for its use as a source of unrestricted funds. The minutes from the August 2, 2007 Board meeting read: "Dr. Horne CFSCI Treasurer asked the Board to recognize the efforts of Ms. Rightmyer in conceiving of and implementing the “Million Who Dare to Care” fundraising program. ... Ms. Rightmyer ... commented that these are unrestricted funds…"
As of September 2011 there has been no public accounting of how much money was raised or how these funds were used.
Attempts to acquire state funding for the Grants Clearinghouse.
While local units of CAL FIRE, which is a State agency, often provide "in-kind" matches for federal grants obtained by their local fire safe councils, the State of California has yet to supply a formal funding stream through the Grants Clearinghouse for community fire safe projects, such as is provided by Federal agencies.
As of September 2011, the CFSCI has made two known attempts, both unsuccessful, to obtain formal funding from the State of California, which the CFSCI would then administer through the Grants Clearinghouse, for its usual fee.
$26 million proposal to the Governor.
In 2006, a package submitted to California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger included the cover letter "Funding Allocation for Fire Safe Councils" signed by 10 members of the California Legislature and the associated document "Proposal for General Budget Funding of California's Fire Safe Councils." The reason for the failure of the proposal is unclear.
SB 838 proposed legislation.
On February 23, 2007, the bill SB 838, "An act to add Sections 4742 and 4743 to the Public Resources Code, relating to fire prevention and protection"[http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/cgi-bin/postquery?bill_number=sb_838&sess=0708&house=B&author=cogdill] was introduced by Dave Cogdill, the Representative for California State Senate District 14, and one of the signatories to the 2006 cover letter to the Governor. The bill failed in the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Comparison with the Nevada Fire Safe Council.
Similarities.
The California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI) and the Fire Safe Council (NVFSC) are both 501(c)(3) non-profit corporations. Both are focused on reducing the wildfire hazard in their respective states. Like local fire safe councils in California, the NVFSC is eligible to receive Federal funding through the Grants Clearinghouse.
Differences.
The NVFSC is structured as a membership organization. The local fire safe councils in Nevada are all members of the NVFSC and determine how it operates. Businesses and other organizations, as well as individuals, can also join.
In contrast, the CFSCI is a non-membership organization within the meaning of Nonprofit Corporation Law. While the CFSCI Board has amended the bylaws to create a class of "at-large members," these members have no voting rights.
The NVFSC is statewide while the CFSCI is one of over 100 organizations in California focusing on reducing the wildfire threat.
In 2005, "the Nevada Fire Safe Council received an appropriation from the Nevada State Legislature for $1,546,775 to establish a cost share, community-based wildfire threat reduction project, and to assist in the implementation of the recommended wildfire threat reduction projects as described in Community Wildfire Protection Plans." As of September 2011, the State of California has not provided funding through the Grants Clearinghouse. However, most CAL FIRE Units do supply in-kind matching funds for grants received by their local fire safe council(s).
Accomplishments.
Prior to incorporation.
1996: CDF and the California Fire Safe Council created and distributed the "Fire Safe California Community Action Kit" to assist with the formation of local community-based Fire Safe Councils.
1998: The Bronze Smokey Award was given to the California Fire Safe Council for the "Fire Safe California Community Action Kit". The Bronze Smokey is earned by outstanding contributions to local or statewide wildland fire prevention efforts over 2 years or more.
1998: The CFSC was honored by the Public Relations Society of America for its role in the "El Fuego" campaign. "El Fuego" won the top award, Best of Show, surpassing more than 100 other corporate, governmental and organizational public outreach programs.
2001: The CFSC received the prestigious Francis H. Raymond Award, which has been given annually since 1987 to the individual(s), organization, agency, or company achieving excellence in forestry in California over five years or more. The award is named in honor of Francis H. Raymond, director of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection from 1953 to 1970, and one of the primary advocates for the passage of the Professional Foresters Law in 1973.
2001: The CFSC set up the first Community-Based Wildfire Prevention Grants Program to funnel Bureau of Land Management National Fire Plan funding to implement fire safe projects on private lands. This concept has since expanded to other agencies in the California Fire Alliance and is now known as the "Fire Safe California Grants Clearinghouse."
2002: The "Homeowner's Checklist" from the "Fire Safe Inside and Out" program won the first place trophy in the Governor’s Clarity Awards competition. The goal of the award was to promote clear, concise and understandable language in state government documents. The program gave out 16 awards in 2002 when there were 111 entries from 33 departments in 10 agencies.
2002: Created its successor organization, the independent California Fire Safe Council, Inc. (CFSCI)
Since incorporation.
The list below is based primarily, although not exclusively, on the minutes for CFSCI Board of Directors Meetings that were available online through December 2008 and the 2002 and 2003-2004 Annual Reports, which were the only ones available online as of May 2009. Where possible, supplemental web searches were done, and the links included. As of December 2008, approximately 50% of Board meetings either had no posted minutes or bad links, and portions of meetings that were held in Executive Session were not posted, so this list of accomplishments below may not be complete. Note that several non-Federal grants have been received for specific activities; these are listed in the section "Funding for the CFSCI."

</doc>
<doc id="21488892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488892" title="WMRP">
WMRP

WMRP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="21488929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488929" title="Malwiya">
Malwiya

The Minaret of Samarra, also known as the Malwiya Minaret or Malwiya Tower ( "malwiyah") is part of the Great Mosque of Samarra in Samarra, Iraq. The mosque is one of the largest in the world, and was built by the Abbasid caliph Al-Mutawakkil. The minaret was originally connected to the mosque by a bridge.
The minaret or tower was constructed in 848 – 852 of sandstone, and is unique among other minarets because of its ascending spiral conical design. 52 metres high and 33 metres wide at the base, the spiral contains stairs reaching to the top. The word "malwiya" translates as "twisted" or "snail shell".
At the top of the cone is a small cylindrical room with a six-metre radius. This room is decorated with eight arcs on the outside. Each arc is erected on two small brick posts. 
The Malwiya was used for the "call to prayer"; its height made it practical for such use. It is visible from a considerable distance in the area around Samarra and therefore may have been designed as a strong visual statement of the presence of Islam in the Tigris Valley.
Damage.
On April 1, 2005, the top of the Malwiya minaret was damaged by an insurgent attack. The blast removed pieces of brick from the top of the minaret along its spiral ramp.

</doc>
<doc id="21488969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488969" title="Godagari School &amp; College">
Godagari School &amp; College

Godagari School & College () is the main school of Godagari Upazila under Rajshahi District.
It was established in the year 1905 with the name minor school. In the year 1948, it was upgraded to a high school and in the year 1998 it was upgraded to an intermediate college as well as school..

</doc>
<doc id="21488993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21488993" title="Night of the Demons (2009 film)">
Night of the Demons (2009 film)

Night of the Demons is a 2009 American horror film and remake of the 1988 film of the same name. It was directed by Adam Gierasch, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Jace Anderson, and stars Monica Keena, Shannon Elizabeth, Diora Baird, Edward Furlong, Bobbi Sue Luther and Michael Copon.
Plot.
The movie opens in 1925, with scenes of gore and demons. Evangeline Broussard prepares to hang herself from her balcony when she is stopped by a man trying to reassure her that he is truly Louis and that she shouldn't hang herself. Evangeline calls him a liar, then jumps, hanging herself and also causing her head to rip off and bounce down the stairs. Louis stares over the balcony as his eyes switch to a demonic shade of orange.
Modern day, Maddi (Monica Keena) is preparing to go to a party held by Angela (Shannon Elizabeth). Along with her friends, Lily (Diora Baird) and Suzanne (Bobbi Sue Luther), Maddie arrives at the party. She realizes her ex-boyfriend, Colin (Edward Furlong) is there, dealing drugs as he has been threatened by his drug lord to sell enough drugs at Angela's party to pay double what he normally gets or die. Also there is Lily's ex-boyfriend Dex (Michael Copon) and his friend Jason (John F. Beach). As the party progresses, Angela prompts everyone to go wild, as she must make money off the party or she will have to live on the streets. Lily and Dex eventually reunite in an upstairs bedroom, while Suzanne becomes incredibly drunk. While Maddie is hanging out with Jason, she goes to the toilet only to have a hand grab her through the mirror. As she attempts to show Suzanne, they pass it off as an elaborate trick placed by Angela.
Soon after, the police break up the party, stating Angela neglected to get a party permit and that it doesn't qualify as a private party since she was charging admission. Panicked, Colin stuffs his drugs into a grate to hide it from the police, before leaving. Maddie, Lily, Dex and Jason leave with the rest of the partiers, leaving an upset Angela alone in the house. After a while, the group return, unable to find Suzanne, who reveals herself to have passed out. Colin also returns for his drugs and, with Angela, goes into the basement to find them. When the pair instead find a hidden door, Angela remarks that the house is full of hidden rooms, including a tunnel that leads to the next estate over. They enter the room and find six skeletons. Joined by the rest of the group, Angela assumes that the skeletons are the remains of the missing party guests of Evangeline Broussard.
Angela discovers a gold tooth in one of the skeletons, but when she tries to take it the skeleton bites her hand. As they all head upstairs, Angela starts to feel woozy, and Colin attempts to leave the house, only to discover that the gate is locked and can't be opened even with the keys to the house. While everyone plans to wait the night out, Suzanne details how Evangeline supposedly practiced black magic in the hopes that she would attract the attentions of Louis, only to have that magic go wrong during a séance. The only person found alive was the maid, who was found in her room scribbling spells on her walls, having been driven insane by the previous night's events.
Angela slowly succumbs to the skeleton bite, and enters a bathroom where she turns into a demon. She returns to the group, who partake in a game of spin the bottle. Eventually, Angela infects Dex by kissing him. Lily angrily leads Dex into a nearby room, where the pair have sex. Dex and Lily begin to have doggy style sex, when suddenly Dex transforms into a demon. He pulls his penis out of Lily's vagina and presses it against her anus. She doesn't seem to mind and doesn't turn to see his transformation. With a grunt Dex suddenly shoves his penis fully into Lily's anus, causing her to cry out and then suddenly become a demon. Meanwhile, Angela attempts to seduce the others. Maddie and Colin leave to find another exit, closely followed by Jason who flees when Angela attempts to seduce him. They are unable to find another exit and begin to head back to the house. Angela succeeds in luring Suzanne into a surrounding room where she proceeds to dance with her, eventually showing herself as a demon, before ripping off Suzanne's breasts and face, turning her into a demon.
Upon returning to the mansion, Jason goes to the bathroom where he comes upon Lily acting strangely, only to then witness her pressing her lipstick into her breast then voiding it out through her vagina accompanied by prolific amounts of blood. He warns the others who do not believe him until a demonic Suzanne attacks them. Jason stabs her, yet there is little effect. Escaping, they run into the demonic Angela who stops them from leaving the house. They decide to leave through the house's escape tunnel. On their way, they arm themselves with a gun and a rusty metal bar. While in the tunnel, they discover the tunnel has caved in, before being attacked by Lily and Dex. They manage to fend off the demons, however Jason succumbs to a severe injury on his leg. The survivors run into an upstairs room and tend to Jason's injury. They realize that not only are they in the maid's room but that the symbols remained on the walls under a layer of plaster. They also discover that the demons are attempting to take over seven human hosts to be freed upon the earth, having been thrown out of hell for trying to usurp Satan's rule. They also discover that the demons tricked Evangeline into hosting the party so they could take over the guests and that the demons can't take over a dead body, which is why Evangeline hung herself. They also find out that the demons don't like rust, finding that they can use it as a weapon.
As the boys fall asleep, Angela taunts Maddie, however she is unable to enter the room due to the spells. Suddenly the walls begin pouring with blood, washing off the spells. The trio attempt to re-draw them onto the walls as the demons hands puncture through the walls. They manage to defeat the demons by re-drawing the spells, however are lured out of the room by the demons who fake daylight in the windows. They realize it is not daylight, before the demons attack them. Maddie and Colin rush back to the room, however Jason is caught and disemboweled by Angela, turning him into a demon.
As Maddie grieves her friends, Colin is attacked by Dex in the attached bathroom, allowing the pair to realize the bathroom is not protected by the spell. As they plan to wait in the room until sunrise, Colin falls through the rotten floorboards, falling many floors into the basement. Maddie climbs down a rope into the basement to help Colin, who has broken his leg. As she helps, she is attacked by a now demonized Colin.
Maddie manages to get back to the maid's room and arms herself with the gun found earlier, loading it with rusty items. She manages to fight back the demons, however running out of ammo. She barricades herself inside a room and makes her way to the second story balcony, where she ties a rope around her neck and jumps over, seemingly hanging herself. As the sun rises, the demons are eliminated. Maddie reveals that she has only pretended to hang herself, having tied the rope around her waist, and that the demons merely assumed that she was dead. With the demons gone, Maddie is then able to exit through the gates to her freedom.
Production.
Production took place in New Orleans in October 2008. There are several differences between the original and the remake, with the most notable being the change in location as well as an updated plot. Linnea Quigley, who starred in the original film as Suzanne has a cameo in this film. The special effects and FX effects were created by Drac Studios.
Soundtrack.
Track Listing
Release.
The film originally premiered at the London FrightFest Film Festival in August 2009, with plans to release it in October of the same year. However later news reports stated that the film would be pushed back for a tentative release date for September 23, 2010. In June 2010 it was announced that "Night of the Demons" would be released straight to DVD and Blu-ray on October 19, 2010 as opposed to a theatrical release. The film was released in 2010, containing extras such as an audio commentary with the film crew, a documentary about the making of the film, and a Comic-Con appearance.
Reception.
Critical reception for the film has been mostly negative, with review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes rating the film at 31% "rotten" based upon 16 reviews. Dread Central gave a mixed review for the remake and gave it 3 blades out of 5, saying "It's brash, loud and sexy, but a few too obvious flaws unfortunately knock the film down a peg. In the end it's still a fun ride and certainly worth a watch on an evening when you'd rather disengage the brain and sink a few drinks than deal with anything more cerebral." Fright Fest director and founder stated that the audience response in general was noted to be positive for the film.
Sequel.
In June 2013 Tenney announced that plans were underway to create a sequel to the 2009 film entitled "Night of the Demons: After Party". Gierasch is not returning as director and Anthony Hickox would instead be directing the film. A Kickstarter campaign was launched with a goal of $250,000, but was not successful. The projected film plot for "After Party" was to center on the character of Diana (Tiffany Shepis), one of Angela's former friends and associates, who would hold a party in the same mansion and become possessed by the now-demonic Angela.

</doc>
<doc id="21489007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489007" title="Anthony Harvey (footballer)">
Anthony Harvey (footballer)

Anthony Harvey (born 25 May 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Harvey comes from a famous sporting family with his grandfather Merv Harvey and granduncle Neil Harvey both being Australian Test cricket representatives. His brother Robert is St Kilda's games record holder.
A midfielder, Harvey was recruited to St Kilda from Frankston and his four AFL appearances consisted of just one win, against Fitzroy at Waverley Park. His best performance came in the last of those games, when he kicked his only career goal and managed 23 disposals against that year's Grand Final runners-up Geelong.
The next chapter of his football career was spent in South Australia where he played for Norwood, which he captained to the 1997 premiership when regular skipper Garry McIntosh was unavailable due to a suspension. Harvey again captained Norwood for part of the 1998 season, the same year which he won his club's 'Best and Fairest'. After McIntosh retired he was appointed to the captaincy full time in 1999, a role he would keep through to the end of the 2001 season. His stint included the losing SANFL Grand Final team of 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="21489011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489011" title="The Emotron">
The Emotron

The Emotron (b. Jason Kyle Knight) is a one-man musical group influenced by Atom and his Package and GG Allin. He performs original material in a karaoke-esque style, using a Yamaha QY700 sequencer among other instruments.
The Emotron has played with bands including Superdrag, The Fest, Mose Giganticus, Afroman, Ghost Mice, The Low Budgets, Big D and The Kids Table, Bomb the Music Industry, Dan Deacon, Foxy Shazam, The Show is the Rainbow, Yip Yip, Conestyle, Gil Mantera's Party Dream, Genghis Tron, Cryptorchid Chipmunk, Captured by Robots, Grand Buffet and The Fad.
History.
Early years.
"From the second I heard Atom and His Package in 1998, I knew that I wanted a QY700 Sequencer. In Sept of 03 I had just Quit the band Treephort I was in and I wanted to start a One Member Synth/Robot influenced band. So I emailed Atom about his Yamaha sequencer, to my surprise I got an email back and soon ordered my Yamaha QY700 and in Jan 2004 The Emotron was born.
I started trying to figure the sequencer out and trying to write music for the first time ever in my life and scheduled a few house shows in smaller towns around McDonough, Georgia. I played really early versions of 1989, Jellyfish, Swim in the Dark With Sharks, and As your Teenage Vagina Bleeds. The Emotron character, show, and music has come along since day one. I believe that The Emotron is pretty close to being a household name."
Touring.
The Emotron started in early 2004, playing house shows and out of town in the bordering southern states on weekends.
- 2006 collaborated with the band Mystechs from Chicago and toured with them for a total of two weeks.
- 2007, The Emotron did extensive touring with Mose Giganticus, Andy the DoorBum, and Texas Ska Hardcore band Detonate.
- 2008, The Emotron returned touring with Mose Giganticus, traveling throughout Alaska in a vegetable oil fueled bus.
Personal history.
Born in Tennessee, Knight's family relocated to Atlanta in 1994. Throughout high school he was employed by local grocery store's dairy department. Knight was frequently seen with a small entourage of fellow artists and assorted troublemakers, while being well liked by most everyone. Upon graduating, he was voted "Most Offbeat" by his classmates. Prior to joining Treephort, Knight began his career with FedEx.
From '01-'03, Knight provided keys/vocals in a band Called Treephort from the Marietta area of Georgia. During the summer of '03, the group snuck into Warped Tour with the Phenomenauts, performing with minimal equipment. They continued playing as a sideline band (unapproved) without interruption until their behavior got offensive. Treephort was a spectacle at Warped Tour but came to an end when band members Joe Klein and Knight were detained by the cops 2 days in a row and were asked to leave the music event.
While in Treephort, singer Lee Satterfield and Kylemotron began writing lyrics to music on a demo keyboard. By the end of the tour there were 32 songs written, all of which were recorded on September 11, 2003. The short-lived project was called Nightmare Pizza.

</doc>
<doc id="21489017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489017" title="Crawford/West">
Crawford/West

Crawford/West was an American country music duo consisting of Rick Crawford (from Texas) and Kenny West (from Arkansas). Signed to Warner Bros. Records, they released their first single, "Summertime Girls," in May 1997. The song peaked at No. 75 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in the United States and No. 91 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada. A second single, "Healing End," was released in June 1998 but failed to chart. Two months later, the duo requested to be released from their recording contract with Warner Bros.

</doc>
<doc id="21489038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489038" title="War in the Pacific (video game)">
War in the Pacific (video game)

War in the Pacific is a 2004 two-player turn-based computer war game published by Matrix games. It is a very large, complex, and detailed simulation of the Pacific Theatre of World War II, at both the operational and strategic level.
An updated version ("War in the Pacific — Admiral's Edition") was released on July 27, 2009.
Overview.
The game is intended to be played solitaire, against the game's built-in artificial intelligence, or against a human opponent by e–mail. Players assume the role of the Allies (the United States, the British Empire and Commonwealth, the Netherlands, China, the USSR (if activated), and some smaller nations) or Japan (with some associated smaller nations). Players gain victory points for various actions (such as sinking enemy ships) and these are used to determine the winner.
Playing surface.
The game is played on a map covering a considerable portion of the earth's surface, from eastern Africa in the west to the Panama Canal in the east and from Nome, Alaska in the north to Tasmania in the south. The map is divided into hexagonal spaces, and players move military units on these spaces and engage in simulated combat. Each hex (hexagonal space) represents 60 nautical miles (the 2009 "Admiral's Edition" update uses 40–mile hexes). The map uses cartographic distortion to ensure that all hexes represent the same distance. The map is centered near the Caroline Islands and distortion increases with distance from these.
Units.
Combat units in the game are varied and extensive. Strength of military units is calculated at the level of individual ships, airplanes, vehicles, guns, and squads. Naval forces range from battleships and aircraft carriers to PT boats and subchasers. Land combat units range from corps down to companies. Air unit sizes range from single whole air groups of 72 aircraft down to individual aircraft assigned to ships. 
Logistics and production.
Players must handle logistics on a detailed level to ensure that their forces are supplied. New military units are created during the course of the game; Allied units are created by a set script which cannot be modified, while the Japanese player has full control over creation of new units.

</doc>
<doc id="21489053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489053" title="Dwayne Miller">
Dwayne Miller

Dwayne St Aubyn Miller (born 14 July 1987) is an Jamaican international football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Syrianska in Sweden's Allsvenskan. He has more than 30 caps for Jamaica. Miller was also part of the squad that reached the final and won silver at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Career.
Club career.
Tivoli Gardens.
Miller started his career at Tivoli Gardens in 2004, before moving to Harbour View in 2005.
Harbour View.
He was voted as "Junior Player of the Season" for the 2006–07 season. He featured in the CONCACAF Champions League preliminary round against UNAM Pumas(Mexico) in 2008.
Syrianska.
Miller signed a two-year contract in March 2010, with Swedish Superettan (second tier) club Syrianska following a successful trial.
Miller started as the second choice in the season beginning of Superettan 2010. The team where said to be an outsider for promotion and they succeeded by winning the league and gaining promotion to the Swedish topflight of Allsvenskan. Syrianska had a quite a bad start, with lots of conceded goals. In the first 12 games, they conceded 20 goals. Around that time, Miller was set to be the first choice. In the following 18 games, Syrianska only lost one game, and only conceded seven goals - with nine clean sheets in the last 11 games. Miller had a huge impact in the team's performances and ended up the season with 21 games as a starter, conceding 14 goals, with 13 clean sheets and a saving percentage of 82%, which was the best of all goalkeepers in the league.
International career.
Miller was a part of the Jamaica under-20 squad that reached the final and won silver at the 2007 Pan American Games.
The goalkeeper made his full-international debut for Jamaica in the 2–0 away win against Malaysia in the friendly on 28 June 2007. He earned his second cap against Iran, conceding four goals before being replaced at half-time for Richard McCallum. Jamaica eventually lost 8–1.
He made an appearance for Jamaica in their victorious 2008 Caribbean Championship campaign against Guadeloupe in the semi-final on 11 December 2008. He was called up again to the Jamaica squad to face Nigeria at the New Den on 11 February 2009, in place of Donovan Ricketts who was forced to withdraw with a damaged finger. However, Miller was an unused sub in the 0–0 stalemate whilst Shawn Sawyers started in goal. He played for Jamaica in their international friendly on 12 August, against Ecuador at Giants Stadium in New Jersey, United States.
In 2010, Miller featured in several matches for Jamaica senior national team including a title-winning performance in the 2010 Caribbean Championship in Martinique in December.

</doc>
<doc id="21489067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489067" title="Gary Hill (basketball)">
Gary Hill (basketball)

Gary Weir Hill (October 7, 1941 – January 17, 2009) was an American professional basketball player. Before playing professional basketball in the NBA, Hill came from Rocky, Oklahoma, where Bud, Henry and Ron Koper, Jay and Dennis Harris and Steve Fite came from before starring at Oklahoma City University. They became known as the Rocky Rockets. Hill scored 2,739 points and averaged 24.5 points, setting state records and becoming an all-American during his high-school career.
College career.
Hill played for Oklahoma City University from 1959 to 1963 with Coach Abe Lemons (Lemons was later the Head Coach at the University of Texas), and Assistant Coach Paul Hansen (Hansen was later the Head Coach of Oklahoma State University).
As a junior, Hill scored 17.4 points a game, becoming one of four on that team who averaged double figures in points. Senior Larry Jones was OCU’s leading scorer at 19.7 points a game, sophomore Bud Koper added 15.9 points a game and senior Eugene Tsoodle averaged 14 points a game in 1961-62. That was the first time in program history an OCU team featured four double-digit scorers for the season. The 1961-62 Chiefs averaged 82.1 points a game, the most in a season by any college basketball team in Oklahoma to that point.
Hill scored 21.1 points a game as a senior in 1962-63. OCU’s team was billed as the tallest ever in college basketball to that point with an average height of 6-foot-7 and one fifth.
In 1962-63, OCU went 19-10 and advanced to the NCAA Tournament for the first time in six years, finishing fourth in the NCAA Midwest Regional in Lawrence, Kansas. The Chiefs had a 13-game win streak. Hill scored nine of his team’s final 11 points against in a 70-67 win over Colorado State in the NCAA Tournament at Lubbock, Texas.
Hill played in the East-West NCAA all-American game in Lexington, Kentucky, and scored a game-high 18 points. He was also an alternate on the Pan American team.
Along with his coach Abe Lemons, Hill was part of the inaugural class of the OCU athletic hall of fame in 1979. Other members of that class were Bud Koper, Farrell Craig, Paul Hansen, Hub Reed and Arnold Short. Hill played for OCU from 1959-63.
Professional career.
The San Francisco Warriors selected Hill as the 3rd pick in the second round of the 1963 NBA draft, 11th overall, and the 2nd pick by the Warriors behind Basketball Hall of Famer Nate Thurmond.
Hill was on the 1963–64 San Francisco Warriors team who finished first in the NBA Western Division and featured Wilt Chamberlain, Al Attles, and Nate Thurmond. Hill spent two years playing in the NBA for the Warriors and the Baltimore Bullets.

</doc>
<doc id="21489074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489074" title="Screamer magazine">
Screamer magazine

Screamer Magazine, "The Loudest Mag On The Planet," was created by David F. Castagno in October 1987. The publication started out as a vehicle in which to promote local rock bands in the Los Angeles area. The magazine's popularity spread quickly and almost immediately garnered the attention of many major labels as well as many groups on those labels. By early 1988 Screamer conducted interviews with such notable acts as Guns N' Roses, Metallica, Ozzy Osbourne and others. In 1992 Castagno sold a controlling interest in the magazine to McMullen & Yee Publishing, which was eventually acquired by Primedia. In 1994 Castagno parted ways with his new publishing company, but was given the magazine to continue publishing on his own. However, the musical landscape had changed so much he decided to close the doors in May 1994. He later founded Castagno Entertainment Group, a personal artist management firm and Nasty Casty Records, an independent record label. Castagno also hosts a radio program called RadioScreamer, which plays '80s and early '90s rock and metal and has featured interviews with such bands as Def Leppard, Ratt, Warrant, Faster Pussycat and BulletBoys. In the spring of 2011 Castagno decided to digitize his archive of vintage magazines and re-launch an online version of Screamer Magazine.
Designed by Greg Barnett at Rock'n Motion Image Design | Los Angeles California Original issues 1-3
References: 

</doc>
<doc id="21489100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489100" title="The Fire This Time">
The Fire This Time

The Fire This Time is a live album by Lester Bowie's Brass Fantasy recorded in Aarburg, Switzerland for the In & Out label. It is the seventh album by Bowie's Brass Fantasy group and features performances by Bowie, Vincent Chancey, Frank Lacy, Louis Bonilla, E. J. Allen, Gerald Brezel, Tony Barrero, Bob Stewart, Vinnie Johnson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars calling it "one of the most important in the Brass Fantasy's history and development". 

</doc>
<doc id="21489127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489127" title="Gradišče pri Vipavi">
Gradišče pri Vipavi

Gradišče pri Vipavi () is a village close to the source of the Vipava River, just south of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradišče" to "Gradišče pri Vipavi" in 1953. 
Church.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross and belongs to the Parish of Vipava.

</doc>
<doc id="21489130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489130" title="Annaghdown Abbey">
Annaghdown Abbey

Annaghdown Abbey (full title: the Abbey of St Mary de Portu Patrum but also commonly known as Annaghdown Priory) is a ruined house of the Arroasian canons in the townland of Annaghdown, County Galway, Ireland. 
The site was probably founded by Turlough O'Conor around 1140 and dissolved after the Reformation in 1562. The remaining ruins include a church, a cloister and living quarters. Some details of the windows suggest that they were constructed in the 13th century while the south window of the choir is in the transitional style from c. 1200. As the east window itself appears to be missing and the east window of Annaghdown Cathedral, located 110 metres in a south-east direction, is of a similar period, it is possible that it was moved to the cathedral. Author Peter Harbison posits that the perfect fit of the east window of the cathedral does not make a late move likely. The ruins of Annaghdown Abbey are a National Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="21489142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489142" title="GPKism">
GPKism

GPKism (typeset as GPKISM) is a gothic/industrial music group formed in 2007. It was originally the solo project of GPK (Gothique Prince Ken), while Kiwamu (of Blood) joined later that year. Both GPK and Kiwamu compose music for this project. They have been featured in several publications including Cure Magazine and they have toured Australia, Japan, the United States, Europe and Central America.
History.
GPKism was formed in January 2007 as the solo project of Australian musician GPK, and in September, guitarist Kiwamu of the Japanese goth band Blood joined the project, which was announced on the Internet Radio Show Tainted Reality. In January 2008, the same month that they released their first EP "Sublimis", they were featured in "Cure Magazine".
The band played their first live show on April 13, 2008 in Japan. In June they went on to play three shows in Australia, that were accompanied by in-store events.
Their first single, "Illuminatum," was released in September, 2008. This was followed a month later by their "Lament of the Fallen Star Tour" which included shows in Japan, Mexico, Costa Rica and in the United States at Nekocon. In December of that year, they played two live shows, opening for Suicide Ali. GPKism returned to Mexico and the United States to accompany Blood on their final tour. 
GPKism's first full-length album, "Atheos", was released on March 4, 2009 with the concept "Lament of a Fallen Angel". This was followed in March and April by a multi-city tour of Japan and Australia; their Australian tour also had Aural Vampire and DJ SiSeN performing. GPKism also toured Europe for the first time for their "Holy Blood" tour which included dates in Germany, Austria, Italy & Poland in May 2009.
On July 12 GPKism contributed a cover of RINK for the Blam Honey album Providence of Decadence and also performed alongside them at the Live Inn Rosa, Kiwamu and ex-BLOOD keyboardist RYO also helped arrange several tracks on the album. 
The band released their EP Barathrum in August and a released a PV for it, gaining over 10,000 hits on YouTube under a month. This was the first release using the theme Countess Elizabeth Bathory. In September they toured South America and several of the Conventions there. After returning they released the EP "Iudicium" under the same theme.
In 2010 GPKism returned to the United States on tour with Seileen.
In late 2011 GPK went onto form his own solo project "Gothique Prince Ken" while Kiwamu resumed activities with Blood

</doc>
<doc id="21489149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489149" title="F (manga)">
F (manga)

It has been adapted into an anime series by Fuji TV and Kitty Film and was broadcast on Fuji TV between March 9, 1988 and December 23, 1988. Atsuko Nakajima of "Ranma 1/2" fame was an animation director on the series. The anime series was also telecast in Italy under the title "F - Motori in pista"; the protagonist, Gunma Akagi, was renamed "Patrick" in this version. The anime version of Rokuda's earlier manga "Dash Kappei", made by Tatsunoko Production in 1981-1982, had also been successful in Italy.
The sequel, F Generation Ruri, is published by Shueisha in 12 bunkobon volumes from 2002 and June 2006.
Anime.
The series uses four pieces of theme songs. The first theme opening theme is "F" by The Burst, which was used for episodes one to twenty-one; the second opening theme is "Love Affair" by Kojiro Shimizu, which was used for episodes twenty-two to thirty-one. The first ending theme is by Hiroshi, which was used for episodes one to twenty-one; the second ending theme is "You are my Energy" by Shinji Harada, which was used for episodes twenty-two to thirty-one.

</doc>
<doc id="21489163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489163" title="Eranattu (Erattu) Kudumbam of Kangazha">
Eranattu (Erattu) Kudumbam of Kangazha

Eranattu (Erattu) is a prominent Nair tharavadu of Kangazha in Kottayam District, Kerala State, India. Tharavadu is a system of joint family practiced by people in Kerala and each Tharavadu has a unique name. 
According to known history, Kangazha was once part of the United Kingdom, and was under the control of two Madampaies (Local lords as representatives of the king for the maintenance of law and order as also tax collection) Ranni Kartha and Agasthanathu Nair. 
Thekkumkoor was conquered and annexed to Venad by Marthanda Varma towards the end of 18th century. The Madampis were removed from the posts. The king of Venad brought his own loyal people from Ayroor. 
A woman from Chelampanethu family was brought in marriage to Madhavakottu family at Kangazha. The progeny of that woman were made the landlords. The entire land from the precincts of Nedumkunnam to Chirakkadavu extending for about 20 km was under this landlord’s control.
This family was later divided into branches or Tharavadus. Kangazha area came under the control of Eranattu and Kadayanickadu under Thayyil. 
Major portion of land in Kadayanickadu, Anikadu, Nedumkunnam and Pulikal Kavala belonged Eranattu family. They had property in Kidangara, Veliyanadu, Kadapra, Muttar, Thalavady etc. Members of this family settled in Kadayanickadu Thayyil, Cheruvally Thekkedathu, Ayirur Chilimpinaethu etc.
Ayyappan Pillai Peshkar of Kanjirappally, Arackal Kesava Pillai of Thiruvalla, Arackal Parameswaran Pillai of Kadapra, Kangazha Eranadu Ayyappan Pillai Karunakaran Pillai, Kadayanickadu Vakathanath azhathu Kanakku Eswara Pillai Gopala Pillai, Thayyilaya Kaleekal Puthenveettil Kanakku Krishan Pillai, Cheruvally Koonanikkal Kanakku Eswara Pillai etc. belongs to Eranattu family. 
Nachinattu Irrigation Project, Alapuzha Market, Munsif Court Changanacherry,and other things were constructed by Peshkar Ayyappan Pillai.

</doc>
<doc id="21489185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489185" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Pulaski County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="21489199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489199" title="Annaghdown">
Annaghdown

Annaghdown is a parish in County Galway, Ireland. It takes its name from "Eanach Dhúin", Irish for "the marsh of the fort". The village lies around Annaghdown Bay, an inlet of Lough Corrib. The parish is situated in the Archdiocese of Tuam (Roman Catholic) and the Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry (Church of Ireland).
Etymology.
"The name "Eanach Dhúin" signifies the 'marsh of the Dún or fort.' The word "Dún" is one of the most common elements denoting secular settlement in early placenames. It usually refers to an enclosed settlement or ringfort and in the early historical period it appears to designate the principal dwelling of the local king or chieftain. The placename ... probably referred to the marshlands attached to the fort of the chieftain of Maigh Seola, which would have been granted as a site for a church."
History.
Little is known of the early history of Annaghdown, which does not appear in the annals until the twelfth century. Two historical sources state it was granted to St. Brendan of Clonfert by King Áed mac Echach of Connacht. However, some sources believe that as Áed's territory of Uí Bhriúin Aoi lay in County Roscommon, it was not within his power to grant the land of another chieftain so distant from him.
The earliest reliable reference to Annaghdown occurs in "Comainmniguid Noem nErenn", composed c. 800, which contains a reference to "Ciarán Enaigh Dúin", (Ciarán of Annaghdown). This, together with placename evidence indicates an association with Ciarán of Clonmacnoise as opposed to Brendan of Clonfert. The connection with Clonfert may have been no more than a reflection of an attempt by Clonfert to justify its claim on the church of Annaghdown at a later period.
In the 12th century the diocese of Annaghdown was established. Although not listed in the Synods of Rathbreasail or Kells, Annaghdown diocese survived nonetheless for many centuries through monastic outreach from Annaghdown Abbey. The title Bishop of Annaghdown is known to have been in use from c. 1189. Several bishops, from 1189 to 1485, were systematically elected by its 'Cathedral Chapter' and, despite many counterclaims from Tuam, some were approved by Rome. 
In 1410, Áedh Ó Flaithbheartaigh financed the building of a church at Annaghdown.
In 1485, when the Wardenship of Galway was created, Annaghdown was formally united with Tuam by Papal decree, and some of its parishes, Claregalway, Moycullen and Shrule, were formally attached to the new wardenship However, the title still survives as Bishop of Eanach Dúin, currently held by Bishop Octavio Cisneros, Auxiliary Bishop of New York, since 2006.
The ruins of Annaghdown Abbey and the 15th century cathedral survive as a National Monument. 
Annaghdown Castle was erected by the O'Flaherties in the late 14th century, on the east shore of Lough Corrib, where it still stands, now restored.
Drowning Tragedy.
On Thursday, 4 September 1828, 20 people travelling to Galway on the "Caisleán Nua" were drowned when a sheep put its foot through the floor of the boat. This tragedy later became the subject of a famous lament, Eanach Dhúin, composed by the famous blind Irish poet, Antoine Ó Raifteiri. A memorial stone was erected at Annaghdown Pier in 1978 by the Annaghdown Anglers Club, 150 years after the tragedy occurred.
"An old row-boat in a rotten and leaky condition, started from Annaghdown early in the morning, a distance from Galway up Lough Corrib of about eight miles, having, it is calculated, about 31 persons on board, who were coming to the fair of Galway; the boat and passengers proceeded without obstruction until they arrived opposite Bushy Park within two miles of Galway, when she suddenly went down and all on board perished except about 12 persons who were fortunately rescued from their perilous situation by another boat. Eighteen of the bodies of these unhappy creatures were taken out of the lake in the course of the day and presented a most heart-rending scene, being surrounded by their friends who came to identify them, and by whom they were removed in a boat to Annaghdown." 
"The boat was in such an unsound state as to render her unfit for the passage. The unfortunate accident happened by a sheep putting its leg through one of the planks, which produced a leak, in order to stop which one of the passengers applied his great coat to the aperture and stamped it with his foot. In doing so he started one of the planks altogether, which caused the boat's immediate sinking, having been overloaded; ten sheep, a quantity of lumber, and about 31 persons being on board." 
"Eighteen of the bodies have been found; 12 have escaped, and one is missing. Major Dickson and a party of the 64th Regiment attended and rendered every humane assistance in their power. An inquest was held on the bodies by John Blakeney Esq., Coroner, at which James O'Hara, Esq., M.P., and J. H. Burke, Esq., Mayor, attended, and the jury returned a verdict of "accidental drowning"." 
"The following are the names of the persons drowned and taken out of the lake: Bridget Farragher, Mary Costello, Judith Ryan, Bridget Hynes, Mary Newell, Winifred Jourdan, Mary Flynn, Bridget Curley, Catherine Mulloy, Mary Carr, Michael Farragher, Michael Cahill, John Cosgrove, John Concannon, Thomas Burke, Patrick Forde, John Forde and Timothy Goaley." 
It is said that two more were drowned and their bodies were later discovered: Thomas Cahill and Mary Ruane, making a total of 20. John Cosgrove saved two women, but was drowned in trying to save the third. He was a lime-burner by trade. The remains of his house are still to be seen in the Blake estate - "Teach Chosgardha". Raftery's poem seems to be in error in mentioning only 19 victims.
Sport.
Annaghdown has Gaelic football, hurling and soccer clubs. The local GAA club, Annaghdown GAA, is a sporting club which caters for both hurling and Gaelic football. The playing fields and clubhouse are located in Cregg townland, on the road linking Clonboo, on the N84, to Knockdoe, on the N17. 
Corrib Celtic F.C. is the Parishes local soccer club which has also been very successful through the years. Its grounds are adjacent to Annaghdown National School. Also beside Annaghdown National School is and indoor ball alley which caters for Handball and raquet sports such as Raquetball and Squash. The courts were run down for a number of years but have recently been refurbished and a Handball and Raquetball Club was set up about two years ago. You can get to Annaghdown National School through various access road's from the N84. Corrib R.F.C which is a Rugby club is located in the nearby town of Headford.
Poetry & Music.
Eanach Dhúin.
This poem was composed by the travelling Irish poet, Antoine Ó Raifteiri, as a lament of the twenty people drowned at Menlo, Galway, on 4 September 1828.
Irish songwriter Dick Farrelly wrote the song, "Annaghdown". The song was recorded by Sinead Stone & Gerard Farrelly on the album, "Legacy of a Quiet Man". Farrelly is best remembered for his song Isle of Innisfree, theme of the film, "The Quiet Man".
Last verse from the song - "published by Andic Songs / Mechanical Copyright Protection Society"
And when once more the cuckoo’s in the meadow
And mayflies dance along the Corrib shore
In my beloved Annaghdown you’ll find me 
And I’ll be back to say farewell no more.
Annalistic references.
The Annals of Inisfallen and Annals of the Four Masters contain a number of references to Annaghdown.
References.
IMRO - Irish Music Rights Organisation
Andic Songs Publishing

</doc>
<doc id="21489237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489237" title="Cameron Marshall">
Cameron Marshall

Cameron Marshall (born July 7, 1986) is the stage name of an American adult film actor.
Marshall gave his first adult film performance in the movie "Little Big League 3: Bottom of the Ninth", after which he signed a contract as an exclusive for the gay pornographic studio Channel 1 Releasing. Since then, all his performances have been in movies for them.
In the 2008 bisexual film "", Marshall had sex with a woman. When the official press release was made public, the film sparked controversy when the term "Straight-for-pay" (a play on word for "Gay-for-pay") was coined to reference both Marshall and Blake Riley in heterosexual scenarios.
He went to college in Lubbock, Texas, majored in advertising and graphic design.
Marshall is included in Channel 1 Releasing’s Rascal Toy Line among the actors in its porn star dildo collection.
Cameron Marshall lives in Los Angeles, California.
Cameron did his last film in 2011 and is now retired. 

</doc>
<doc id="21489239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489239" title="Catherine Dobbs">
Catherine Dobbs

Catherine Rose Biggs Dobbs (1908–1974) was the first woman Mayor of a major industrial city, Barberton, Ohio, in the United States. Before running for Mayor she was a noted historian and lecturer.
She was born in Shreve, Ohio. Studying journalism briefly at the University of Akron, she did not graduate. 
In 1948, she became the first woman from the Akron area to hold a seat in the Ohio Senate. She was a Democrat, and served as Mayor from 1956 to 1961.
In May 1962, she came in second behind Charles Babcock in the Democratic primary for Ohio Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="21489272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489272" title="Ikerasak Heliport">
Ikerasak Heliport

Ikerasak Heliport is a heliport in Ikerasak, a village on an island of the same name in the Uummannaq Fjord system in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The heliport is considered a "helistop", and is served by Air Greenland as part of government contract.
Airlines and destinations.
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.

</doc>
<doc id="21489301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489301" title="Anchor test">
Anchor test

In psychometrics, an anchor test is a common set of test items administered in combination with two or more alternative forms of the test with the aim of establishing the equivalence of the test scores on the alternative forms. The purpose of the anchor test is to provide a baseline for an equating analysis between different forms of a test.

</doc>
<doc id="21489313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489313" title="Specklinia brenneri">
Specklinia brenneri

Specklinia brenneri is a species of orchid described by Carlyle A. Luer and named for Joe Brenner, formerly of Puyo, Ecuador, who collected this species. Originally described as "Pleurothallis brenneri", this species is common in several areas of southeastern Ecuador in relatively dry scrub forest at high altitudes.

</doc>
<doc id="21489344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489344" title="Teresa Gallagher">
Teresa Gallagher

__NOTOC__Teresa Gallagher (born March 1, 1971) is a British actress and voice actress.
Career.
Gallagher is known for her role as Ellen Smith in "The Bill", for her appearances on radio in "No Commitments", "Salem's Lot" and "Memorials to the Missing", and the voices of "Little Miss Chatterbox", "Little Miss Daredevil", "Little Miss Naughty" (Season 2) and "Little Miss Whoops". She also voiced Karla the zebra in both UK and US Versions of "Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies". Further appearances include: the UK version of "The Mr. Men Show", Sarah in "Footballers' Wives" and also Alison Canning in "Casualty". She also provides the voices of some of the letters in CBeebies' "Alphablocks", and in the popular Cbeebies animated series "The Octonauts" as Dashi Dog the photographer and the voice of Nicole Watterson, Penny and Mrs Robinson in the Cartoon Network show "The Amazing World of Gumball", in which she does an American accent, Gallagher does the voice of Mater's Computer in "Cars 2". She also voiced KT in the 2008 version of "Pinky and Perky" and she voices Egbert & Gilda the Pigeon in "Poppy Cat" Hugo in 'What's the Big Idea' ( CBeebies), and several characters on "Thomas & Friends". On 2010 in UK version she voices Queen Titania, Mrs.Walker, and Fern on the movie "Rainbow Magic Return to Rainspell Island". She does the voice of Matilda,Young Stella and Zara the cruzeao In Angry Birds Space".
Radio.
Video Games
Rule of Rose - Wendy/ Joshua

</doc>
<doc id="21489348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21489348" title="The Bachelorette (season 2)">
The Bachelorette (season 2)

The Bachelorette 2 is the second season of ABC reality television series "The Bachelorette". The show premiered on January 14, 2004, featuring Meredith Phillips dating 25 men. 
Phillips was rejected by Bob Guiney in the fourth season of "The Bachelor", where she was the third runner-up. She ultimately chose Ian McKee, but they broke up in February 2005.
Meredith Phillips.
Meredith Phillips is a make-up artist, model, and former contestant on the fourth season of ABC's "The Bachelor". After the show, she published "Date Night Cookbook".

</doc>
